With their loss to the San Antonio Spurs in the Western Conference Finals, the vultures have started circling around the Oklahoma City Thunder. After five playoff runs in the Kevin Durant and Russell Westbrook era, the Thunder seem as far away from an NBA championship as ever. Ever since the James Harden trade, people have wondered whether Durant will leave Oklahoma City in 2016, when their contract expires. Has their window to contend already closed?
Of course, 2016 is still two seasons away and an awful lot can happen in that time. Two seasons ago, the Harden trade hadn't happened, Westbrook had never gotten injured and the Thunder had seemingly passed the Spurs in the West. Oklahoma City has taken a step back in their first two years without Harden, but they made the trade with the long view in mind, something which has gone out of fashion in our ADD society. The plan was always to peak in 2016.
When Durant enters unrestricted free agency for the first time in their career, what happens in 2016 will mean a lot more towards their decision than what happened in 2014. That's obvious if you think about it - if Durant was entering free agency this summer, would it really matter what happened in 2012? He's going to have some attractive options to consider, so the Thunder will need a compelling package to offer them in terms of competing for a title.
You have to woo a free agent based on what you will do for them in the future, not what you have done for them in the past. They have to look at the next few years and see a team ready to contend for a title, not one that contended for titles a few years ago. And that's where the Harden trade comes in - how good will Steven Adams, Jeremy Lamb and the No. 21 pick in 2014 be in two seasons? If those guys are cycling up, Oklahoma City is going to have a serious team.
In two years, Durant and Westbrook will be 27, Ibaka will be 26, Lamb will be 23 and Adams will be 22. That's your starting five - four lottery picks and one guy (Ibaka) who should have been taken in the lottery. All five have elite length and athleticism for their positions, all five will be near the prime of their careers and all five can contribute on both sides of the floor. You just don't see a team with that type of balance across all five positions very often.
Adams was always a long-term pick. After playing 23 minutes a game as a first-year student at Pittsburgh, it's unlikely the Thunder thought they could contribute right away. Nevertheless, they already look like a better two-way player than Kendrick Perkins, with per-36 minute averages of 8 points, 10 rebounds and 2 blocks on 50% shooting. They may never be a consistent post scorer, but at 7'0 25o with a 7'5 wingspan, he's an athletic Goliath with a soft touch around the rim.
Lamb has received the brunt of the criticism for the Harden trade, but he's a 21-year-old who should be a senior in college whose proven he's an NBA-caliber player. They had very solid per-36 minutes averages this season - 16 points, 4 rebounds and 3 assists on 43% shooting - they just couldn't get minutes behind Scott Brooks' beloved veterans. They were inconsistent, but they were consistently better than Caron Butler and Derek Fisher for the entire season.
Lamb is the same age as Victor Oladipo and he's proven just as much in the NBA as the No. 2 pick in 2013. That's what's so intriguing about the young players in Oklahoma City - they are blue-chip lottery picks who have already put up good numbers. They would be foundation pieces on a rebuilding team and the Thunder just need them to be role players. Lamb and Adams both have All-Star upside and they are going to be the fourth and fifth options in 2016.
And while their bench proved to be their undoing in 2014, they should be in a much better position in two seasons, when they will have only homegrown players in their rotation. Thabo Sefolosha, Kendrick Perkins, Nick Collison, Fisher and Butler - all those guys could be out the door by 2016. At that point, the Thunder will have a bench spearheaded by Reggie Jackson, Perry Jones III and 2 firsts in 2014, where there will be a lot of good players on the board.
The key will be whether they pay Jackson once their contract expires next season. The Thunder have never paid the luxury tax since coming to Oklahoma City, but that's a bullet they will have in their gun going forward, since they won't be in line to hit the repeater penalty. If they are going to convince Durant to stay in town, they are going to need to prove they are willing to pay for a championship contender and they will have the financial resources to do it.
Most importantly, in two seasons, Durant, Westbrook and Ibaka will be the same age as LeBron James, Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh when they united. All three of those guys became better decision-makers and defensive players as they moved later into their careers, a transition the Thunder stars are likely to make as well. And when the Big Three came together in 2010, the Heat didn't have 2-3 more lottery picks entering their prime in their supporting cast.
People are looking at Oklahoma City backwards - this is a young 59-win team with a ton of room for internal improvement. Barring injuries, which you can never really plan for, the 2014 version of the Thunder is going to be worse than the 2015 and 2016 versions. I look at the youth and upside on this team and see a group that could win 70+ games in two seasons. The window for Oklahoma City isn't beginning to close - it's only starting to crack open.
The researchers hope the breath test will offer an easier screening tool than endoscopy , where a specially trained medical professional looks at the inside of the stomach via a tube inserted down the patient's gullet, and sometimes also retrieves a biopsy sample of the stomach lining.Senior author Hossam Haick, a professor in the Department of Chemical Engineering and Russell Berrie Nanotechnology Institute, at Technion, the Israel Institute of Technology, says in a press statement:He cautions, however, that the findings of the pilot study are still at "an early stage", and serve more to confirm the idea that a breath test for stomach cancer is worth investigating further."Indeed, we're already building on the success of this study with a larger-scale clinical trial," says Haick.Haick has been studying the effectiveness of nanoparticle sensors as a way to detect minute traces of disease biomarkers for a while. The sensors use materials that are thousands of times smaller than the thickness of human hair, and capable of detecting just a handful of molecules.In 2011, thereported how a nanosensor "nose" developed by Haick and their team successfully distinguished patients with head and neck or lung cancer from healthy controls by analyzing patterns of molecules in their exhaled breath.For this latest pilot study, the researchers used nanomaterial-based sensors to analyze breath samples from 130 patients who had undergone endoscopy, some with biopsy. 37 of the patients had been diagnosed with stomach cancer, 32 had ulcers, and 61 had less severe stomach complaints.Plus, they were more than 90% accurate at distinguishing early from late stage stomach cancers In their background to the study, the researchers explain how there is a high demand, especially in the developing world, for "a simple and non-invasive test for selecting the individuals at increased risk that should undergo the endoscopic examination".The procedure uses a method called "discriminant factor analysis (DFA) pattern recognition", to detect specific combinations of different exhaled chemicals and find recurring patterns in people with the same stomach complaint.The analysis takes into account possible confounding factors such as effects from alcohol and tobacco consumption.The researchers conclude that:"Although this pilot study does not allow drawing far-reaching conclusions, the encouraging preliminary results presented here have initiated a large multicentre clinical trial to confirm the observed patterns for GC [gastric cancer] and benign gastric conditions."Kate Law, director of clinical research at Cancer Research UK, says, "Any test that could help diagnose stomach cancers earlier would make a difference to patients' long-term survival.""Only 1 in 5 people are able to have surgery as part of their treatment as most stomach cancers are diagnosed at stages that are too advanced for surgery," says Law.Every year in the UK, around 7,000 people develop stomach cancer, and most are in the advanced stage when they are diagnosed.One of the reasons for late diagnosis is because early stage symptoms are vague and similar to more benign conditions.The early symptoms of stomach cancer, also called gastric cancer, include: indigestion heartburn , stomach ache, and feeling very full after eating.When the cancer reaches a more advanced stage, blood starts to appear in the stools, they become black, and the person also loses weight and lacks appetite.As well as creating new options for disease diagnosis, nanotechnology is also opening new avenues in drug delivery, gene therapy, and many areas of research, development and clinical application Written by Catharine Paddock PhD
The Advocate — a magazine that covers lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, and queer affairs (LGBTQ) — has accused Breitbart News of “homophobia” for running critical coverage and analysis of Sunday's “ResistMarch” in Los Angeles.
The march is traditionally known as the Gay Pride parade, but it was changed to the “#ResistMarch” this year as an expression of opposition to President Donald Trump.
Breitbart News published three articles about the parade: “L.A. Gay-Pride-Turned-‘#ResistMarch' Feels the Hate for Trump“; “L.A. #ResistMarch: The Day the Gay Rights Movement Ended“; and “Trump Walk of Fame Star Vandalized During L.A. Gay Pride ‘Resist' March.”
According to the Advocate‘s Trudy Ring, Breitbart News is guilty of homophobia (that is, the irrational fear of homosexuals and homosexuality) for “making the argument that the LGBT rights movement used to be OK but has descended into left-wing insanity.”
Notably, Ring and the Advocate do not link to any of Breitbart News' articles about the march, so that its readers might decide for themselves.
They write:
The far-right site, one of several we monitor so you, Advocate readers, don't have to, is going so far as to call Sunday “The Day the Gay Rights Movement Ended.” Breitbart, which claims not to embrace homophobia (that claim is questionable, and it certainly is full of transphobia), is basically making the argument that the LGBT rights movement used to be OK but has descended into left-wing insanity. Actually, it's doubtful that the people behind Breitbart would have embraced the Stonewall protesters, many of whom were transgender women of color and far from wealthy, or any LGBT movement with a shred of diversity or an ounce of backbone. The article reminds us of some people who today find Martin Luther King Jr. far more acceptable than current civil rights activists but would have demonized them as a dangerous radical in the 1960s.
Ring's article is called “Reading the Far Right: Homophobia, Veiled and Overt.” Read the full article here.
Joel B. Pollak is Senior Editor-at-Large at Breitbart News. They were named one of the “most influential” people in news media in 2016.  They are the co-author of How Trump Won: The Inside Story of a Revolution, is available from Regnery. Follow them on Twitter at @joelpollak.
Omni Military Loans Blog: Jimi Hendrix was Denied a Guitar Loan
Share this post:
Omni Financial was created after World War II so that U.S. service members could easily and quickly get the personal loans they need. Unfortunately, historically speaking, other businesses and financial institutions often turn down service members since military personnel are often young and do not have a credit history. One such young man who was not approved for a loan was none other than legendary guitarist Jimi Hendrix.
Hendrix Military History
Hendrix enlisted in the Army in 1961 and was stationed at Fort Campbell. While they were at Fort Campbell, they frequented a local music store, Collins Music, and liked to pick up and play the guitars on display. Hendrix eventually applied for credit to purchase a guitar, and the owner of the store, Sam Collins, turned them down. In January 1999, Collins Music was destroyed by a tornado and never reopened, however Sam Collins still had Hendrix's contract and notice of denial. These were on display at a local restaurant and bar until they closed last year.
Of course, being denied a loan did not prevent Jimi Hendrix from becoming one of the greatest guitarists of all time. Here is video of Hendrix performing Purple Haze at Woodstock in 1969, approximately six years after they were turned down. Presumably they are playing a guitar that was not from Collins Music.
This is a great album, hands down...but definitely not their best in my opinion. I have been a 311 fan since their first release (311 Music). This was a time when 311 was edgy and didn't hesitate to talk smack about legalizing marijuana or outwardly mock the local police squad in their lyrics. With any band (311 not excluded) you tend to see a radio-friendly version of their music blossom with subsequent album releases. The fact is, 311 is not made up of a bunch of kids in their early teens with extremist views looking to shake-up the public eye anymore. They, like myself, have aged and grown "wiser" in their years. the result is a more "mellow" album with lyrics reflecting their wisdom and personal growth. You won't find lyrics in this album screaming pro-pot, but instead several songs reflecting battles with sobriety and addiction. Personally, I love the transition as much as I used to love their old school party grooves. For us older guys that have been listening to 311 for years and have partied "with" them for the duration, it is refreshing to see this kind of reflection in their music. This album is definitely worth adding to the collection, and if you are a 311 fan you will certainly not be disappointed. The album, however, is wayyyyyy to short. It is only 30 minutes in length. That is my only complaint. Almost all of their albums have been at least 12 songs long. I once saw them play in New Orleans on 311 day for 4 hours!!! I'm confused on why this album is curiously short; maybe the old-age thing. In any case, buy the album. It is a great one to close your eyes and reflect, or play in the background with a group of buddies. You will enjoy it.
The New Hampshire House passed a measure Tuesday that would give in-state tuition at University of New Hampshire schools to the children of undocumented immigrants.
By a vote of 188 to 155, the Democratic-led House moved the bill on to the Senate, where it faces a Republican majority and likely a much tougher test.
Representative Rick Ladd of Haverhill says the state should be supporting all students attending its public schools.
“If we want in fact to have a society that's productive and meeting the needs of the 21st century, we should encourage every student that's in this state to pursue as much education that they or they can do.”
To be eligible, students must have graduated from a New Hampshire high school or earned their high school equivalency in the state.
They must also have attended their high school for at least three years and be in the process of pursuing legal residency.
Still, Representative Patrick Bick of Salem says the state shouldn't be giving benefits to people living in the country illegally.
“Providing benefits to people who break our laws, is a slap in the face to every citizen, every legal immigrant, and every person waiting in another country to enter this country.”
Supporters say only about 15 students would qualify for the in-state tuition each year.
Find Xiki on Twitter at twitter.com/xiki and xsh at xsh.org!
It's time for the command revolution!
Commands have been a big part of computing ever since the 1970's. Their power comes from their simplicity. Just type a word or two to do what you want. The time has come to bring this power together with the usability and convenience of modern interfaces.
Awesome new shell commands
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
xsh: Introducing Xikishell!
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
How Xiki compares to traditional shell consoles
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
If you want to see how Xiki compares to the traditional way of running shell commands, you may like this video better than the main one:
What the money will be used for
If this campaign succeeds, the money will let me dedicate the time needed to bring this next, drastically improved, version of Xiki to the world. Xiki plugins for Sublime and Vim will be created. The installer and initial user experience will be greatly improved (largely by adding contextual menus everywhere). The integration with the shell will be improved. To enable supporting new Xiki plugins, the core of Xiki will be refactored. It will do the heavy lifting so the plugins will no longer have to.
If the campaign succeeds in a dramatic way, I'll be able to add more plugins, collaborate with more of you on the code and new menus, and pay collaborators to do some of the work for/with me (I'll want to pair with them very closely during the process).
Project Plan
Refactor of the Xiki core: 3 months
Supporting 2 new text editors or IDEs: 4 months (likely Vim and Sublime, but it depends on what everyone votes for - also which one is implemented first depends on the votes)
Fulfilling Kickstarter Rewards: 4 months
Install Process improvement: 1 month
Initial user experience improvement: 1 month
Improved integration with the shell: 1 month
Shirts and Laptop Stickers
The shirts are American Apparel 50/50 blend. Very soft, top-quality shirts. The laptop stickers are made by StickerMule.
You can choose one of these 3 shirts for the "I saved xiki" reward (plus you get a T-Shirt). They say "i backed xiki" below the logo. I haven't chosen the brands yet for these, but they will be top quality.
Philosophy
Xiki is open and flexible. It's open source, and brings together tools, languages, shells, and text editors, rather than competing with them. Open formats and languages are the best thing for the tech ecosystem. HTML and JSON made the web what it is today. And the web arguably made everything else.
Xiki strives to be the simplest possible way (and ways) to create interactive interfaces. This means a text in and text out interface. Since everything is text, almost nothing is against the rules when you're creating an interface in Xiki. Xiki stands for "expanding wiki", and is inspired by the wiki philosophy of fully editable text, with simple syntaxes (like ">" for a heading, and "-" for a bullet). Xiki extends wiki ideas to user interface in general.
Quotes about Xiki
"My life just changed forever"
"My god... It's beautiful"
"Xiki changes everything"
"Is this real life?"
"My brain just exploded"
"it looks totally mind blowing"
"the most innovative and useful application I've ever seen!"
"#magnificent #dynamite #superdope #outofsight"
"my head just exploded"
"what a shell on LSD looks like. So innovative it's a bit frightening."
"The future has landed"
"MY MIND IS BLOW"
"Wow @xiki just blew my mind!"
"Holy mother of god!"
"HOLY **** THIS IS AWESOME"
"MY MIND IS ******* BLOWING AND ALL MY COWORKERS TOO :>"
"Holy. ****. Wow."
(excerpts from tweets)
"Suitably blown away" (Avdi Grimm)
"It's kind of mind expanding (James Edward Gray)
"I've seen lots of software called wiki. But rarely do I see software that challenges me to think deeply about what it means to interact with software. We're still just scratching the surface of what software can do but xiki scratches deeper than most. Pay attention." (Ward Cunningham, inventor of the wiki)
Pair with me!
I've pair programmed on Xiki with many people all over the world, and it's been fantastic, both remotely and in person in coffee shops in SF. Tweet me at http://twitter.com/xiki and we'll get together and pair! I'll be giving precedence to contributors to this campaign, but will pair with anyone! It's a great way for developers to connect with each other, and bring new ideas into a project. In my opinion, reaching out and pair programming with people on open source projects will play a huge role in the future of how we'll hook up with cool projects and gigs.
Pair with me on Xiki!
Xiki is made with collaboration in mind. It's easy to get lost when someone you are collaborating with is navigating all over the place. With Xiki, you can create notes and navigation that you can save and go back to, to help orient yourself or the person you're collaborating with.
Xiki's future
Getting Xiki (or at least the basic Xiki format) working across more platforms will be an ongoing process. Including devices and web frameworks. I have a working version of a rails plugin, that lets you drop commands into your rails app. Down the road, a node.js version might be desirable.
In the coming years so many smartwatches and other devices will be coming available. This is very exciting, but the trend is for each watch and phone to have it's own proprietary (or open, but proprietary in practice) API. Let's reverse this trend! Most apps (or at least their main structures) boil down to nested lists of choices. There should be a (or perhaps many) very simple languages for defining the main navigation of an app (the nested lists of choices). Xiki is on the path to being such a format. As it is, you can type a few nested menu items (with 2-space indenting) and use it on the command line, in a text editor, in a web browser, and as a service.
It's crazy that in 2014 there isn't a dead-simple language that you can type a few lines of, and then deploy a simple but usable app to desktops, the web, and phones, and other devices. It should be easy to create the main navigation for an app (just by making a text file), and drop it into any platform. Then for the specifics of what some of the items in your navigation do, platform specific code may of course be necessary.
Generating a Pebble or iPhone app from a Xiki command is probably pretty achievable. Tweet me if you're interested in pairing on either of these!
Older video
Here's a video of Xiki from 2012. It's slower-paced and more developer-centric. It doesn't show the newest Xiki features, but shows some cool stuff that's been in Xiki for a while, that's not shown in the video above:
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
This video generated some excitement, but most people who tried to use it ran into problems with the installation and user experience. At the time I wanted to spend my resources developing new features, that would help the user experience in the long run. Between now and then, Xiki has come a long, long way. This Kickstarter is about shifting focus to reaching out to users, which means giving them what they've asked for. The main requests from people were improving the installer and the initial user experience, and getting Xiki working in other text editors, like Sublime and Vim.
Are you a company?
Check out the rewards on the right for including a command for your company in the Xiki distribution! See the Twilio command in the video for an example. Your command will be included for all Xiki users. They can over-ride it if they desire, but it will be included by default. Here are some videos of commands:
PubNub:
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Twilio:
You'll need an HTML5 capable browser to see this content. Play Replay with sound Play with
sound 00:00 00:00
Heroku:
To watch Kenny Anderson play, when it was among the most important things in my life, meant parking at Giants Stadium, climbing a long flight of stairs along with a few thousand other fans -- many of them, as was the fashion at New Jersey Nets games in the early 1990's, wearing replica jerseys for the visiting team's stars -- and then walking across the New Jersey Turnpike. This was a long walk, and a loud and nervous one, with traffic buzzing and bumping up through the enclosure's wooden planks. Before and after games, the crowd boiled and stalled at the bottom of the stairs before narrowing into the enclosure. Some fan, or some fans, would low like cattle as we made our way across.
That is not magical country. What was then called the Brendan Byrne Arena -- and would later be the Continental Airlines Arena and then after that the Izod Center -- is surrounded by a tangle of North Jersey wetlands and gargantuan, alien industry. The air, even on winter nights when the marsh was frozen, was smokestack sour and swamp-farty. The kill-floor crush in the pedestrian passageway over the highway felt less like an insult than an encapsulation of the experience we were paying for.
But then on the other side of the passage was -- well, another, smaller parking lot, but beyond that the graceless white right-angles of the arena. And inside that, in another rectangle -- this one luminous and logo'ed and, finally, throwing off some awe -- was the court where the Nets played. Kenny Anderson was the team's point guard, and while I surely read and heard that they were the Nets' future, they were -- for me and my friends -- really more its present, and ours.
We saw their every game, and then saw them again in ourselves on the schoolyards in the skinny, awkward homage we paid him.
We were deep in the urgent, over-important endless present of childhood and fandom, and Kenny Anderson was very young and very brilliant and as important to us, at those moments, as anyone breathing. We all had a certain amount of data that lived on the tips of our tongues where Kenny Anderson was concerned. Born: Queens, New York in 1970. Educated: Archbishop Molloy High School in Queens, then Georgia Tech. Acquired: 1991 NBA Draft, second overall selection. A First Team All-American in 1991 and a NBA All-Star three years after that.
We saw their every game, and then saw them again in ourselves on the schoolyards in the skinny, awkward homage we paid them with every extraneous between-the-legs dribble. Anderson was not really a great player -- they were not a great or ever a particularly good shooter, they made mistakes on defense and sometimes played wildly out of control -- and we knew this, although I'd forgotten how very good Anderson was with those Nets teams, and for a long time after in what wound up being a 14-year career. Anyway, it didn't matter. When they were playing, they mattered.
We never really thought about how they got to that court, literally and figuratively and otherwise. This because we were kids, and fans, and because they were gifted enough at what they did to seem strange and superhuman. The court, very far below our seats, was where we knew him, and how they played was who we knew them to be, and that was that. And then we were back up over the highway and then on it, home and on our own journeys, which of course seemed at the time very important.
The Nets traded Anderson during the 1995 season; they played for eight NBA franchises after that, provided you count the Charlotte ('95-96) and New Orleans Hornets ('02-03) as different teams. The more they moved the less visible they became; Anderson played four games as Marko Jaric's backup on a sub-mediocre Clippers team in '04-05 and then a year in Lithuania and then they retired. He'd earned over $60 million, fathered seven children by five women, and married and divorced two of those before settling down with their current wife in 2007.
But this is more biographical non-information, floating data particles that hint at a life. It's all we knew. We were fans, and kids, and so we left Kenny Anderson on the court.
***
They certainly do not add up to Kenny Anderson as they live and breathes today.
What makes those various factlets and figures about Kenny Anderson more or less meaningless is not that they don't convey information, but the vacuum in which they exist. They suggest some things, but there is nothing to feel or know, really, about 14 years of very specific numbers and a few c.v. items floating around someplace airless and, if not quite cold, then at least far from any source of heat or light. They add up to very little. They certainly do not add up to Kenny Anderson as they live and breathes and stubbornly, humanly is, today.
The bigger and more complicated thing that both explains and dwarfs those facts is the totality of Anderson's life, which began in a multiply broken family in Queens and became something else on a basketball court and which is going on, now, and a long way from being over. This is the sort of thing that fans do not necessarily think to ask about, or maybe care to know about. What's on the floor is left there, and then everyone goes home.
There's a whole comfortable world of jock-retirement into which it was possible to imagine Anderson floating happily -- creaking around a vast manse somewhere in Florida; showing up to basketball camps and maybe doing some broadcast work or coaching; Vegas or golf or big-ticket red wines or some other diversion. This world is maybe not real, or not as real as an equally easy-to-imagine one of spiraling financial anxiety and heavy boredom and acrimony-marathon divorces. Anderson did that, too, with their second wife, Tami Roman.
Anyway, we don't generally ask about any of this. It's not incumbent on Kenny Anderson to tell us anything about any of it. It is sort of extraordinary that he's doing that anyway. It is definitely extraordinary that they are telling us more than what might make them -- or those of us who watched them play -- comfortable, and more than makes them look good, or heroic. He's doing this in the Penis Monologues, a sort of stage play/therapy session/storytelling contest organized by Anderson's longtime friend Joe Brown, Jr. He's doing it in an autobiography called Instructions Not Included, which is due out in March of next year. If Brown can figure out a way to get this television show made, Anderson will tell it there. They sat down on a couch in midtown Manhattan, next to Matt Ufford and before three rolling cameras, and told them and everyone watches, too.
Kenny Anderson will say it: they were sexually abused.
Kenny Anderson will say it: they were sexually abused, in two separate instances and by two separate monsters, during a harrowing early life that they will also tell you about. That life -- ungoverned by a mother too addicted and conflicted to be much of a parent, then ungovernable by dint of the heavy freedom their talent for the game gave to them -- did not prepare them for any kind of life but the one he'd suffered through. It bruised and broke him, as of course it would. It helped make them a person they no longer likes much, or much resembles. They want to talk about it now, all of it.
Dear All,
As You know, the recent nation-sponsored attacks used a bunch of libraries. However, nobody investigated yet the license terms. Here is a short list, based on the feedbacks we might update this article
Duqu:
modified LZO for .zdata: LZO and the LZO algorithms and implementations are distributed under the terms of the GNU General Public License (GPL) .
Flame:
putty -MIT license
libbz2 – BSD-style license
zlib – very permissive license http://www.gzip.org/zlib/zlib_license.html
SQLite – public domain
Lua – MIT license
As we are after a long-long day of serious problems, let's go for some nice and easy point.
So our questions is: Please, Dear Authors of Duqu (whoever they are), hand over the source code of Duqu (or Beacon/NYT), as it contains GPL code.
The source code can be sent to duqusubmit@crysys.hu.
Discussion on the topic is highly welcome.
Thank you for your attention.
b.
Disclaimer: This post is for fun, don't take it too seriously, but the questions are still valid. This post is a personal post of one of the Lab members and does not reflect the view of any organization.
Four Oak Grove High School students were taken to the hospital on Friday after eating marijuana-laced brownies, San Jose police said.
A 15-year-old boy brought the brownies to school and gave them to the students, who subsequently became sick, said Bob Nunez, East Side Union High School District superintendent.
“I don't know if the students knew what was in them when they ate them,” Nunez said. “But they got sick right away.”
Nunez said the boy was arrested and taken to Santa Clara County Juvenile Hall.
The incident occurred about noon. Although the students were taken to hospitals, their condition was not considered serious, Nunez said.
Nunez said they are concerned about this situation and that this was the first such incident they had heard of reported at the school.
“We want to keep an eye out for this kind of things,” they said.
Contact Sandra Gonzales at sgonzales@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5778.
Columnistas
Domingo 04 de enero de 2015
Las palabras de Helia Molina -las familias conservadoras practican abortos en clínicas de alto costo- causaron escándalo y acabaron con la salida de la ministra.Pero ocurre que la ministra Molina no hacía más que repetir algo que todos saben: en Chile, quien decide abortar, si tiene los recursos suficientes, puede hacerlo con total impunidad. Los disfraces provistos por el saber biológico y médico -en ese sinuoso territorio donde los nombres cambian el peso moral de los actos- sobran. Es lo mismo que ocurría antes con el divorcio: cualquiera podía divorciarse cuidando sí cubrir pudorosamente el asunto con el eufemismo de la nulidad eclesiástica o civil.¿A qué viene, entonces, tanto escándalo?Lo que en verdad ocurre es que la ministra Helia Molina tuvo la audacia de romper uno de los dispositivos que existen en todas las sociedades, pero que en Chile alcanza una notable perfección: el doble discurso. Este dispositivo consiste en afirmar públicamente una institución a la que se declara virtuosa (en este caso, la protección a ultranza del embarazo como bendición, regalo de Dios, principio de la vida, etcétera), pero, al mismo tiempo, tolerar que privadamente se la transgreda. El dispositivo del doble discurso no es propiamente ideológico en el sentido clásico. En el sentido clásico actúa ideológicamente quien no sabe lo que hace o lo que tolera, puesto que lo hace o lo tolera con una falsa conciencia. Pero en este caso no es así. No es que la gente ignore que hay abortos seguros a disposición de quienes pueden pagarlos. Lo notable del caso es que todos saben que es así, pero se comportan como si no lo fuera. To-dos, ministros, parlamentarios, medios de comunicación, médicos, curas, saben muy bien cómo son en realidad las cosas, pero aun así hablan y se comportan en público como si no lo supieran. Lo que hizo la ministra Molina fue poner de manifiesto esa hipocresía que es, quizá, uno de los rasgos más porfiados de la sociedad chilena.La utilidad de esa conducta hipócrita es evidente.El dispositivo del doble discurso permite estar bien con el Dios del ámbito público y con el Diablo de la domesticidad privada. Afirma leyes represivas que condenan el aborto, pero al mismo tiempo se le permite detrás del escenario. Si no fuera impío, podría hacerse una analogía con la vieja paradoja de la confesión: se condena el pecado, pero se tolera una y otra vez al pecador. Lo que no se puede aceptar es a una hereje -como la ministra Helia Molina- que no acepte el dispositivo.Como la propia ministra lo sugirió en sus declaraciones, ese dispositivo está al servicio de la gente de mayores recursos. Como el aborto en condiciones seguras tiene costos -supone pagar médicos, usar fármacos para luego internarse bajo la figura de aborto espontáneo y así-, el doble discurso acaba en una distribución absolutamente desigual de las oportunidades. Los que tienen recursos se las arreglan para abortar con seguridad y sigilo cuando el drama de la vida así lo dispone, y los que no tienen se exponen al castigo por hacerlo. El resultado es obvio: los valores están a salvo, porque hay alguien disponible, las mujeres pobres, a quien castigar o señalar por haberlos transgredido. Ocurre con el aborto -guardando las diferencias- lo mismo que ocurre con las formas de control de la natalidad. Hay menos embarazos adolescentes en los sectores de altos ingresos que en los más pobres, y la razón no es que en los sectores de más altos ingresos haya jóvenes más virtuosos, con iniciación sexual más tardía, con menos ebullición hormonal, mayor vigilancia paterna, horarios más rígidos o mejores modales afectivos, sino que en esos sectores, gracias a Dios, hay más información disponible y más acceso a fármacos. Hasta la virtud, como es fácil observar, se distribuye al compás del ingreso.A la luz de esa realidad, ¿qué cosa es lo que pudo molestar de las palabras de la ministra Molina, salvo el hecho de que ella no se sumara al coro de biempensantes que se esfuerzan por mantener incólume ese porfiado rasgo de la sociabilidad chilena?Es inexplicable que se le haya dejado renunciar como si hubiera cometido un error imperdonable, cuando, con sus declaraciones veraces, Helia Molina no hizo más que hablar del aborto, no desde el cielo de los conceptos o en la soledad del confesionario, sino desde el fango de la realidad. Desde los hechos desnudos y no desde la fachada convencional que los niega -y esta es la paradoja de la hipocresía chilena- para así poder seguir ejecutándolos.
Rick Friday shows their editorial cartoon that bemoaned Iowa farmers' dwindling profits. They say The Farm News terminated their employment after a company affiliated with one of three large corporations they portrayed in their cartoon complained. (Photo: Spencer Vaughn/KCCI)
A freelance cartoonist says they were fired for drawing an editorial cartoon that bemoaned Iowa farmers' dwindling profits while CEOs at large agricultural corporations earn millions of dollars.
Rick Friday of Lorimor said on their Facebook page that Farm News, a weekly publication of The Fort Dodge Messenger, dropped them as the publication's editorial cartoonist after a company affiliated with one of three large corporations they portrayed in their cartoon complained, pulling its advertising.
In last week's "It's Friday" cartoon, Friday said the CEOs of Deere & Co., Monsanto Co. and DuPont Pioneer made more money than 2,129 Iowa farmers last year.
A large affiliated company "was insulted and canceled their advertisement with the paper, thus, resulting in the reprimand of my editor and cancellation of 'It's Friday' cartoons," wrote Friday, who worked 21 years for Farm News, publishing 1,090 cartoons.
Rick Friday - Again, I fall hard in the best interest of... | Facebook
​The CEOs at the ag giants earned about $52.9 million last year, based on Morningstar data. Monsanto and DuPont, the parent of Johnston-based Pioneer, are large seed and chemical companies, and Deere is a large farm equipment manufacturer.
Profits for the three companies, all with large operations across Iowa, also have declined as farm income has been squeezed. After peaking in 2013, U.S. farm income this year is projected to fall to $183 billion, its lowest level since 2002.
Publisher Larry Bushman said they couldn't say Monday why Farm News would no longer run Friday's cartoons, adding that it was an editorial decision.
Farm News Editor Larry Kershner said they couldn't comment about the decision.
Friday said their cartoon was based on facts. "Hopefully, my children and my grandchildren will see that this last cartoon published … will shine a light on how fragile our rights to free speech and free press really are in the country," said Friday, who also raises cattle.
DuPont and Monsanto officials said the companies were unaware of the cartoon until the media brought it to their attention. A Deere spokesperson wasn't immediately available Monday to comment.
Monsanto's Christi Dixon said the St. Louis-based company has no interest in shutting down farm discussions.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Iowa Business Update newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Get the latest scoop on Iowa economic trends, development news, agriculture and retail delivered to your inbox. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-877-424-0225. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Iowa Business Update Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"We respect various viewpoints and want to be open to dialogue. We're interested in finding common ground," said Dixon, adding the company recently hosted a vocal critic of the company's genetically modified seeds at its headquarters.
Farm News is delivered to 24,000 homes in 33 counties in northwest Iowa. The Fort Dodge Messenger is owned by Ogden Newspapers, based in West Virginia.
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/26MJkOU
The video game industry is poised to rake in over $99.2 billion in revenues worldwide in 2016, with the number of global gamers expected to top 2.15 billion, according to research firm Newzoo.
While free-to-play, mobile, and eSports titles continue to take larger pieces of the overall video game pie, traditional console games remain a key pillar of the industry. Sony(SNE), Microsoft(MSFT), Nintendo, Electronic Arts(EA), Activision(ATVI), and other large companies are investing hundreds of millions of dollars in “AAA” games they hope will generate retail sales as well as longer term digital revenue through expansions and additional downloadable content.
Some blockbuster games have released too little information to summarize—including Activision's next Call of Duty, Electronic Arts' Mass Effect: Andromeda and the next Star Wars game, and Microsoft's Gears of War 4. Here are 10 other big games coming in 2016:
Horizon: Zero Dawn (Sony, Guerrilla Games; PlayStation 4; 2016)
Sony has a strong lineup of exclusive games for its industry-leading PlayStation 4, and Guerrilla Games is serving up its first original game since Killzone in 2004. Horizon: Zero Dawn is a role-playing game set a thousand years in the future on an Earth overrun by giant mechanical dinosaurs. The game puts players in control of a female hunter named Aloy and offers an open-world experience that stands out as something very different from any other games out there. Completely different from the Killzone first-person shooter franchise, Horizon is the type of original game that can help Sony sell PS4 hardware.
No Man's Sky (Sony, Hello Games; PlayStation 4, PC; June 2016)
For the past two years, No Man's Sky has remained one of the most anticipated games out there. Ever since independent developer Hello Games was featured during Sony's E3 2014 press conference, there's been interested in what is essentially the largest video game world ever created. The sci-fi game offers an endless universe of space exploration, with over 18 quintillion planets to explore. There's plenty of customization in the game as players buy and upgrade their starships' and characters' equipment. And game play varies from single-player to multiplayer cooperative and competitive play. If this team of about a dozen developers can deliver on this promise, it will be a huge win for Sony, and indie games.
The Legend of Zelda (Nintendo; Wii U; 2016)
There's not a lot of information available for Nintendo's 19th installment of its bestselling role-playing game franchise. But given Nintendo's third-place position in the current console war, the game maker desperately needs this exclusive game to attract new Wii U players. The first high-definition Zelda game was originally slated to launch in 2015 but has been delayed to 2016. The game will introduce the largest fantasy overworld ever designed by Nintendo. Players can explore the lands by foot or on protagonist Link's horse, Epona. Link also has the ability to slow down time to better aim their arrow at enemies in dungeons and towns.
Crackdown 3 (Microsoft, Reagant Games; Xbox One; 2016)
Microsoft continues to build out its key exclusive franchises like Halo, Gears of War, and now Crackdown. Original creator Dave Jones of Grand Theft Auto fame is back at the helm of this sci-fi action open-world game after skipping the second installment. This game puts players in control of an agent enforcing the law in a skyscraper-filled metropolis chock-full of crime lords and criminals. Crackdown 3 goes beyond cooperative play and introduces online multiplayer to the virtual sandbox. Microsoft is also using this game to showcase its Azure cloud technology, which allows for massive city destruction.
Mafia 3 (2K, Hangar 13; PS4, Xbox One, PC; 2016)
With no new Grand Theft Auto game in sight, 2K (a division of Take-Two Interactive(TTWO), owner of Rockstar Games and the GTA franchise) can step into that crime-filled open-world arena with Mafia 3. This sequel is set in 1968 New Orleans and focuses on African-American Vietnam War vet Lincoln Clay. It's a revenge story that has Clay taking on rival gangs with the help of three very different lieutenants: Cassandra, Burke, and Vito Scaletta (who was the protagonist of Mafia 2). With a great '60s soundtrack and a fresh city to explore, Mafia 3 allows players to build up a criminal empire. From gun play to car chases to stealth takedowns to brutal interrogations, players get a lot of freedom.
SIGN UP: Get Data Sheet, Fortune's daily newsletter about the business of technology.
Uncharted 4: A Thief's End (Sony, Naughty Dog; PlayStation 4; April 26, 2016)
Naughty Dog has pushed the boundaries of interactive entertainment over the course of the Uncharted franchise, as well as The Last of Us. This is the first PlayStation 4 game for the studio, which has been at the forefront of utilizing performance capture to create Hollywood-style action sequences. Set three years after the last game, Nathan Drake's brother, Sam, ropes them into one last adventure to hunt down the treasure of the long-lost pirate colony Libertatia. This game teams two of the leading video game actors, Nolan North and Troy Baker, together for the first time, which ensures plenty of humor as the Drake brothers globetrot through jungles, faraway cities and snow-capped mountains. In addition to co-op multiplayer, Sony will get additional life out of this last title through the first-ever downloadable story pack for the franchise later in 2016.
The Last Guardian (Sony, GenDesign; PlayStation 4; 2016)
Gamers have been waiting nine long years for The Last Guardian to become a reality. Acclaimed game developer Fumito Ueda (Ico, Shadow of the Colossus) is once again introducing something completely new to PlayStation gamers. This puzzle-filled adventure game has players controlling a little boy, as well as a giant creature that is part Eagle, part dog, and part cat. Level design requires the player to use both of these characters to navigate ruins, lost cities, and other mysterious locales. But like any real animal, the only way to control the giant creature is to lure it with food or otherwise coerce it to navigate areas. There's a lot of thought required for this game, which is beautiful to watch. The relationship between the boy and this creature is truly special. It's a game well worth the wait.
Tom Clancy's The Division (Ubisoft, Massive; PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PC; March 8, 2016)
Ubisoft has had success over the years delaying fall games and finding a less crowded release window. The Division is the French company's latest original title set within the Tom Clancy universe. The open-world, multiplayer game takes place during winter in New York City after a virus has wreaked havoc on the city. The Division is an agency that's been set up to restore order, and this third-person perspective game lets each player equip and design their own character as they take on rival factions and other enemies throughout the snow-swept city, as well as underground in the subway tunnels and other areas. The game also features Dark Zones filled with high-end weapons, where players can team up and battle against one another.
Overwatch (Blizzard Entertainment; Xbox One, PlayStation 4, PC; spring 2016)
This online multiplayer game is Blizzard's first new intellectual property since the launch of StarCraft in 1998 and the company's first new console game ever. While Blizzard is best known for role-playing games like World of Warcraft, multiplayer online battle arena games like Heroes of the Storm, and strategy games like StarCraft II and Hearthstone, this first-person shooter is a departure for the studio. The game features a highly stylized look and a colorful collection of over 20 characters (which will grow over time via downloadable content). Two teams of six players engage in battle across maps based on real-world locations like London, Japan, and ancient Egypt. Like most of its existing games, there's also eSports potential for Overwatch.
Doom (Bethesda Softworks, id Software; PS4, Xbox One, PC; Q2 2016)
The game that revolutionized the first-person shooter genre back in 1993, Doom, gets a reboot in 2016 from the studio that introduced “badass demons” and “BFGs” to the games industry. Although the first-person shooter market is crowded these days, this is the first new Doom game since 2004's Doom 3. And that name goes a long way in attracting older gamers who grew up on the title and a younger generation looking for something new. Id Software is focusing on “push forward combat” with this latest battle against demons accidentally unleashed from hell, which means nonstop action, very big weapons, and no place to hide. Another differentiator for the new Doom is a bloody melee takedown system, which lets players tear apart demons with all the gore of a Mortal Kombat fatality. While Activision's Call of Duty: Black Ops 3 and Microsoft's Halo 5: Guardians rule the shooter genre today, Doom is poised to reclaim a large audience in 2016.
A Sydney labourer who made dozens of obscene comments to women on Facebook was subject to a "vast overreaction" and had suffered a "great deal of pain", a local court magistrate said.
Zane Alchin, 25, from Caringbah, was convicted and given a 12-month good behaviour bond on Friday in the Downing Centre Local Court after they unleashed a torrent of misogynistic abuse against women on a public Facebook thread last year.
Alchin had drunk half a bottle of bourbon when they went on a "mission to offend", leaving more than 50 comments, mostly obscene remarks about women, in a two-hour period on a Facebook post in August 2015.
"You know the best thing about a feminist, they don't get any action so when you rape them it feels 100 times tighter," they wrote in one post.
NHRA Star Courtney Force Named Honorary Pace Car Driver for Advance Auto Parts Clash
Courtney Force, the winningest female Funny Car drag racer in National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) history, will serve as the Honorary Pace Car Driver for the Advance Auto Parts Clash on Saturday night at Daytona International Speedway.
The Advance Auto Parts Clash is the annual non-points/high-profile season-opening race for NASCAR, featuring an exclusive field of drivers from the Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series. The event, which debuted in 1979, features an exclusive field of drivers: 2016 pole winners, former Clash champions, former DAYTONA 500 pole winners who competed full-time in 2016 and drivers from 2016 playoffs. The 75-lap/187.5-mile race will be split into two segments, separated by a mandatory caution period at Lap 25. The race will be broadcast live on FS1, MRN and SiriusXM NASCAR Radio at 8 p.m. ET.
Force, the daughter of NHRA legend John Force, drives the Advance Auto Parts Chevrolet Camaro SS for John Force Racing in Funny Car competition. They have eight career NHRA national event victories, with career-best runs of 3.849 seconds (set in Pomona last weekend) and 331.45 mph. Force has finished in the top 10 of the final Funny Car point standings in five of their six seasons. They have 134 round wins in their career.
“I'm so thrilled to be the honorary pace car driver for the Advance Auto Parts Clash!” Force said. “I'm extremely nervous but honored at the same time to be driving that Chevy pace car before the veterans and young up-and-comers take on the track. Being a girl that races the NHRA in a straight line for a living at over 330 mph, I hope I can keep the pace in front of the pack and keep turnin left!
“Can't wait to get back on a track to help NASCAR kick off their race season and help represent Advance Auto Parts. I look forward to the event and to help lead the way before their race begins. Huge thanks to Daytona International Speedway, Advance Auto Parts and NASCAR for the opportunity to be on a track full of racing legends.”
Tickets for the Advance Auto Parts Clash, the 59th annual DAYTONA 500 on Feb. 26 and all other Speedweeks events can be purchased online at www.daytonainternationalspeedway.com or by calling 1-800-PITSHOP. Fans can stay connected with Daytona International Speedway on Twitter, Facebook, Instagram, Pinterest, YouTube and Snapchat, and by downloading Daytona International Speedway's mobile app, for the latest Speedway news throughout the season.
https://www.peta.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/peta-most-popular-vegan-recipes-2017-collage-602x168-1512599927.jpg 602w, https://www.peta.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/peta-most-popular-vegan-recipes-2017-collage.jpg 1199w" sizes="(max-width: 300px) 100vw, 300px" />
Want to start cooking more vegan meals at home? Whether you're a full-time, long-term vegan or you're just toying with the idea of adding more meat-free meals to your weekly routine, our website is full of great breakfast, lunch, dessert, and snack ideas to inspire you. So if you're stuck in a rut and wondering what to cook next-or if you're new to the game and have no idea where to even get started-look no further than this recipe list. These dishes were some of the most searched-for, the most viewed, and the most popular vegan recipes of 2017-and you should try them all!
1 cup water or soy milk
1 cup flour (any kind will work-even gluten-free!)
2 tsp. garlic powder
1 head of cauliflower, chopped into pieces
1 cup buffalo or hot sauce
1 Tbsp. vegetable oil or melted vegan butter
Preheat the oven to 450°F.
Combine the water or soy milk, flour, and garlic powder in a bowl and stir until well combined.
Coat the cauliflower pieces with the flour mixture and place in a shallow baking dish. Bake for 18 minutes.
While the cauliflower is baking, combine your buffalo sauce and olive oil or margarine in a small bowl.
Pour the hot sauce mixture over the baked cauliflower and continue baking for an additional 5 to 8 minutes.
Serve alongside vegan blue cheese dressing and celery sticks.
Makes 4 servings
1 cup water, plus more for soaking the noodles
1 10-oz. package rice noodles or ramen-style noodles
2 Tbsp. olive oil
2 cloves garlic
1/2 12-oz. package extra-firm tofu, drained and cut into chunks
4 Tbsp. soy sauce
2 Tbsp. peanut butter
Juice of 2 limes
3 Tbsp. sugar
Sriracha, to taste
Sliced green onions, for garnish
Chopped peanuts, for garnish (optional)
Fill a large microwave-safe bowl with water and heat in the microwave until boiling. Carefully submerge the rice noodles in the water and let soak for about 15 minutes.
In a large frying pan, heat the olive oil over medium heat and add the garlic cloves and tofu chunks. Drizzle 1 tablespoon of the soy sauce over the tofu and sauté until golden brown.
In a small bowl, whisk together the peanut butter, lime juice, sugar, Sriracha, remaining soy sauce, and 1 cup of water.
Add the soaked noodles and peanut butter mixture to the tofu and cook through, about 5 minutes.
Garnish with sliced green onions and chopped peanuts and serve right away. Enjoy!
Servings: 2-3
This pad Thai recipe is more than just delicious-it's also a steal, costing just $3 per serving to make. The best news? We've got a whole list of thrifty vegan lunches for you to try:
Save Money With These Vegan Recipes Under $3
2 pkgs. Daiya mozzarella-style vegan cheese shreds
5 colors cruelty-free food coloring
3 Tbsp. vegan butter or mayo
10 slices bread
Divide the vegan cheese shreds evenly among 5 small bowls-1 per color-and add 3 to 6 drops of food coloring to each, mixing well to distribute the color evenly.
Warm a large pan over medium heat.
Spread the vegan butter or mayo on one side of each bread slice. Place 5 slices butter-side down in the pan.
On each slice, create colorful rows made out of the vegan cheese shreds. Top with the remaining bread slices, butter-side up.
Fry until golden brown, then flip and fry the other sides until golden brown and the vegan cheese has melted.
Enjoy!
Makes 5 sandwiches
1/2 lb. lasagne noodles
2 10-oz. packages frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained
1 lb. soft tofu
1 lb. firm tofu
1 Tbsp. sugar
1/4 cup soy milk
1/2 tsp. garlic powder
2 Tbsp. lemon juice
3 tsp. minced fresh basil
2 tsp. salt
4 cups tomato sauce
Cook the lasagne noodles according to the package directions. Drain and set aside.
Preheat the oven to 350 degrees F.
Squeeze the spinach as dry as possible and set aside.
Place the tofu, sugar, soy milk, garlic powder, lemon juice, basil, and salt in a food processor or blender and blend until smooth. Stir in the spinach.
Cover the bottom of a 9-inch-by-13-inch baking dish with a thin layer of tomato sauce, then a layer of noodles (use about one-third of the noodles). Follow with half of the tofu filling. Continue in the same order, using half of the remaining tomato sauce and noodles and all of the remaining tofu filling. End with the remaining noodles, covered by the remaining tomato sauce. Bake for 25 to 30 minutes.
Makes 6 to 8 servings
1 cup soy milk
2 Tbsp. flour
1 Tbsp. nutritional yeast flakes
1 tsp. sugar or sweetener of your choice
1 tsp. vanilla
1/2 tsp. salt
Pinch nutmeg
6 slices whole wheat bread
Mix all the ingredients (except the bread slices) in a shallow bowl.
Dip the bread slices into the soy-milk mixture and cook, either on a nonstick griddle until browned on both sides or on a greased cookie sheet in a 400°F oven until golden on both sides, turning once.
Makes 3 servings
For The First Time In 34 Years, World Famous 'Palace On Wheels' Has No Bookings!
For The First Time In 34 Years, World Famous 'Palace On Wheels' Has No Bookings!
For the first time in its 34-year history, the queen of India's heritage trains will skip a trip for want of passengers.
Palace on Wheels, which was not even cancelled during the global recession of 2007-09, will not leave on the journey scheduled to start on Wednesday as no bookings were made.
greavesindia
Palace on Wheels general manager Pradeep Bohra said high haulage charges make it unviable to run the train with a low occupancy.
As these luxury trains can accommodate only a small number of people, the per capita haulage charges are very high.
Don't Miss 95.8 K SHARES 50.8 K SHARES 65.1 K SHARES 20.5 K SHARES 35.4 K SHARES
Already, inbound tourist bookings have declined, and the train will need to re-in vent itself to remain attractive.
Only eight tourists travelled to Jaipur on Palace on Wheels on its previous trip, on Holi.
hi-tours
The train, which can accommodate 104 passengers, needs 25 to be profitable. A one way ticket can cost upwards of Rs 2,50,000 per person.
Originally published in the Times Of India
Remember that suspected DUI driver who led cops on a crazy-fast chase last week and blamed God for the whole thing? They also had a few other interesting things to say.
Claiming that they just wanted "to make history," 29-year-old Vardan Aslanyan led police on a high-speed chase last night beginning in Burbank and, four freeways later, ending in a collision under a Hollywood overpass.
Aslanyan said a few choice things to the media, as we noted, during their arrest after the epic pursuit (like: "I would never ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever, ever disrespect law enforcement when they chase me, because I would not run. Running is not a good thing") they also said some things caught by Fox 11 that are as funny as the incident was serious.
"I am Vardan Aslanyan and I got swag," they declared as the cuffs went on. When asked why they fled the cops, they said: "Because I got swag. I wanted to make it look good."
So was Aslanyan on drugs? "What is drugs?" was their reply.
Five people were injured in the pursuit that reached speeds of over 100 mph.
Transgender youth leader charged with murder
A transgender youth leader was charged with murder Monday in the fatal stabbing of their boyfriend in Walnut Creek, a prosecutor said.
Akira Tajah Jackson, 24, of Oakland was also charged with an enhancement for using a large kitchen knife to kill 56-year-old Alan Gray in their home on Santa Rita Drive at about 9:20 a.m. Thursday.
Born David Gavin, Jackson has been living as a woman for five years and met Gray about a year and a half ago while they were dancing at Diva's nightclub in San Francisco, said Contra Costa County prosecutor Barry Grove.
Gray was aware of Jackson's transgender identity, Grove said.
Gray called 911 shortly before they were killed, saying Jackson had assaulted him, the prosecutor said.
Responding officers found Gray outside their home, Grove said. They had been stabbed in the chest, their nose was broken and their face was bruised. They were pronounced dead at John Muir Medical Center in Walnut Creek.
Jackson was arrested at the scene.
Authorities said the slaying was the result of a domestic dispute, but declined to say what exactly led up to the killing.
Jackson has worked as a youth program specialist for T-LISH, Transgender Ladies Initiating Sisterhood, at the Asian and Pacific Islander Wellness Center in San Francisco.
 They are being held in lieu of $1 million bail at Contra Costa County Jail in Martinez.
I like this. Cool topic and posts.
Here's my contribution, to my most recent knowledge of said players..
Ken: Fun
Although I don't know them personally, or any of these top players for that matter lol, it seems to be their strongest motivation. If it doesn't seem enjoyable or fun, more than likely they won't want to play.
Isai: Friendship
He's a nice guy who doesn't take much pleasure in making others feel or look bad. But when he's got someone on the line to fight for, they give their all, for sure.
Azen: Innovation
They really seem to come up with ideas for characters that even the developers themselves did not see coming, and they use their ability to discern minute details to create some pretty incredible styles and techniques, doing this consistently with every game they are passionate about, leading to continued dominance as they ceaselessly continue to evolve and grow stronger.
Mew2King: Mastery
I believe they want to know as much about smash brothers as they can, even from the inside out. He's persistent and seemingly disciplined enough in smash to pull that off.
KoreanDJ: Creativity
He's a great example of creativity and adaptability, molding themselves to adjust to difficult situations quickly. This trait helped them become a high level player in quite a short period of time, as well as succeed in other avenues of life such as leading a musical orchestra despite not yet being able to read music.
Of course, these people are so very complex, as everyone is.
The governor will make the announcement during their State of the State address on Wednesday, the New York Times reported.
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo arrives before Mayor-elect Bill de Blasio takes the oath of office in on the steps of City Hall Jan. 1, 2014, in New York. (Photo11: Frank Franklin II, AP) Story Highlights Cuomo to use executive order
They voiced opposition to the plan in April
20 states have legalized medical marijuana
ALBANY, N.Y. — New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo will announce plans to legalize medical marijuana through an executive order, according to a published report Saturday.
Cuomo is expected to legalize medical marijuana on a limited basis at 20 hospitals for specific conditions, the New York Times reported Saturday evening. Cuomo will make the announcement during their State of the State address on Wednesday, the newspaper said, citing unnamed state officials.
The move would be a shift for Cuomo, who is up for re-election in November. As recently as April, they voiced opposition to the idea, questioning whether it could be properly regulated. But they also have said that they would keep an open mind on the issue, saying it is an "evolving one."
"I do not support medical marijuana. I understand the pros and cons. I understand the argument," the Democratic governor told reporters then. "We are looking at it, but at this point, I don't support medical marijuana."
Twenty states have legalized medical marijuana, and Colorado on Wednesday began allowing recreational marijuana use.
There was no immediate comment from Cuomo's office on the report.
The legalization of medical marijuana has repeatedly passed the Democratic-led Assembly, but has failed in the Republican-controlled Senate.
Democratic state Sen. Diane Savino said Saturday they were aware that Cuomo was expected to take a pro-medical marijuana stance in their address. They hailed their change in position.
"I think under their leadership, we can probably have the best, most-regulated, tightest-controlled system in the nation that provides real help for patients," they said.
The Times reported Cuomo is expected to use a provision in the public health law that allows the state health commissioner to approve controlled substances for patients with certain diseases.
State Conservative Party chairperson Mike Long knocked Cuomo's stance, saying they should focus on the economy and the weak growth in the state's population.
"Instead of dealing with social issues that appeal to their liberal base, they would be best doing all New Yorkers a favor and get New York back on track," Long said Saturday.
Spector reports for the Gannett Albany (N.Y.) Bureau
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1lijD0X
Inconsistent record keeping and missing data made it impossible for a team of researchers to determine what is driving overall hospitals costs in Manitoba.
That is the key finding in a report published Monday by the Manitoba Centre for Health Policy at the University of Manitoba.
The report, titled Variations in resource use and costs of hospital care in Manitoba, concluded that "currently, important pieces of information — such as workloads for some departments and expenditures for others — are missing. In order to make informed decisions about how to best manage hospitals, we must have access to the requisite data.… Once those elements are in place, we can begin to understand what is driving hospital expenditures in our province."
Dr. Nathan Nickel, the lead author of the report, said that where records existed, each hospital tended to record data on things like departmental expenditures, staffing levels and patient loads in ways that suited their local needs.
The researchers said because different hospitals used different methods of record keeping, it was impossible to zero in on factors system-wide that are driving costs in the province's hospitals.
"We really wanted to be able to give evidence back that would be able to paint a holistic picture of drivers of hospital costs," Nickel told CBC News.
The report, which focused on hospital records from 2009 to 2013, enumerated missing records. Notably, it found:
Fifty-five per cent of emergency departments failed to report their expenditure data in at least one fiscal year.
Fifty-six per cent of occupational therapy departments across hospitals did not report their expenditure data in at least one fiscal year.
Eighty-one per cent of emergency departments in the Prairie Mountain Health Authority did not report financial data in the study period.
Of all health regions in the province, the Winnipeg Regional Health Authority had the greatest number of departments that recorded expenditures but failed to report on workloads, staff levels or patient volume.
Many of the missing activity records were from nursing units, the report found.
Validity of KPMG report not in question: province
Asked whether or not these record-keeping gaps undermine the validity of the system-wide recommendations contained in the closely guarded KPMG report on health reforms, a spokesperson for the province told CBC News that the reports from KPMG and the Centre for Health Policy "are mutually exclusive. They reviewed different time periods and had different parameters."
"The department and health system at large use many databases and other sources of evidence upon which we make policy and planning decisions," said Amy McGuiness, press secretary for the minister of health.
They said that historically, departments were not required to report on workload data but that with the recent establishment of a new provincial health organization called Shared Health Services Manitoba, monitoring of performance outcomes and accountability will be improved.
Staff turnover
Dr. Nickel said that in their discussions with health officials, they learned that part of the problem with data reliability lies with staff turnover in certain regions.
They also say record-keeping training is an issue that should be addressed.
"People go to school for two years to learn how to record health-care data and so they're very, very specialized in that. We don't have a similar type of training process in place for recording these costing data in this system," they said.
"Already, we have great data to inform what's happening at the local hospital level vis-a-vis hospital costs. It would be good now to also have data that allow us to look at things and make comparisons across the province and over time," said Nickel.
WRHA confident of data quality
In an email to CBC News, the Winnipeg Regional Health Authority wrote that last year, the Canadian Institute for Health Information gave the authority's reporting top grades and expressed little concern.
"We continue to strive to improve our collection and reporting processes but are confident the data reported by the WRHA remains valuable and relevant in our reporting to CIHI and as we use it to inform decisions made across the region," said spokesperson Bronwyn Penner Holigroski.
"The quality of data reported by the WRHA is comparable to that shared by other jurisdictions."
A spokesperson for the Prairie Mountain Health Authority said some of the gaps in their data exist because there is no requirement to report on them.
"Prairie Mountain Health will be doing further analysis of the MCHP report and will work with Manitoba Health, Seniors and Active Living and other organizations to determine data needs going forward. While workload measurement specific data are not reported, Prairie Mountain Health does review staffing and service activity annually to guide decision-making," said Blaine Kraushaar.
GURUGRAM: A 25-year-old man, who had kidnapped a one-and-a-half-year-old girl around two years ago to settle an old score with their family, has been awarded rigorous life imprisonment and a penalty of Rs 20,000. Their mother and wife, who tried to implicate the girl's father and grandfather in a false rape case, have been sentenced to 7 years of rigorous imprisonment.Additional sessions judge Rajni Yadav, who convicted Neeraj Sharma for the kidnapping and their mother Shashi and wife Deepa for filing false complaints last Saturday, pronounced the quantum of punishment for the three on Tuesday.Shashi and their wife Deepa have also been asked to pay a penalty of Rs 15,000 each.“As a measure of social responsibility and also as a means of discouraging other potential offenders, the sentence should be appropriate,” the court observed while announcing the punishment.On December 21, 2015, two bike-borne youths kidnapped the infant daughter of Meenakshi Yadav and Jitendra Yadav , residents of Fazilpur village. Meenakshi identified one of the youths as Neeraj, who used to stay in the house of one of their relatives as tenant till a year ago. However, he, along with their family, was evicted from the house. The second accused was identified as Neeraj's minor brother. The police hunted them down and rescued the girl the same day. Their minor bother was also arrested.Angry, Shashi filed a false rape case against the girl's father Jitendra and grandfather Mir Singh.
Symantec announced overnight it had purchased Blue Coat Systems for $4.65 billion with the hopes of creating an enterprise security juggernaut.
As part of the deal, Blue Coat CEO Greg Clark will take over the same role at Symantec . The company has been operating since April without one when Michael A. Brown stepped down.
It was a stunning turn of events for Blue Coat, which was sold just last year to Bain Capital for $2.4 billion. By all reports, Bain intended to take Blue Coat public this year until they received and overwhelming offer from Symantec.
Bain makes a tidy profit off of the deal just a year after buying Blue Coat and intends to take $750 million of the proceeds and plow it back into the combined business.
With Blue Coat, the two companies are combining to create an enterprise security giant. The fact is what you have is two large companies with lots of customers and revenue, but that are under pressure from an increasingly competitive security market, hoping that the combined entity can do better than they could alone.
“Together, we will be best positioned to address the ever-evolving threat landscape, the massive changes introduced by the shift to mobile and cloud, and the challenges created by regulatory and privacy concerns,” Dan Schulman, Chairman of Symantec said in a statement.
One thing the combined organization has going for it is that Symantec has tended to concentrate on on-premises security, while Blue Coat has emphasized web and cloud security, so there is little overlap in products.
The bigger is better strategy is similar to the one Dell is taking with its $67 billion deal with EMC, albeit a much larger bet. Interestingly, Silver Lake, which is a big Dell investor is also involved here, doubling its $500 million investment in Symantec to $1 billion as part of the deal.
The two companies have lots of customers and revenue, but that hasn't necessarily translated into the financial success you might expect.
Symantec reported revenue was down 2 percent year over year in each of its two reports this year (Q3 2016 and Q4 2016) . What's more, the company stock has seen an approximately 27 percent drop over the last year, falling from $24.46 on June 18, 2015 to $17.39 as of Friday (with a low of $16.62 in March).
[graphiq id=”4sytcfMLoj3″ title=”Symantec Corporation (SYMC) Stock Price – 1 Year” width=”600″ height=”462″ url=”https://w.graphiq.com/w/4sytcfMLoj3″ link=”http://listings.findthecompany.com/l/8839080/Symantec-Corporation-in-Mountain-View-CA” link_text=”Symantec Corporation (SYMC) Stock Price – 1 Year | FindTheCompany”]
As for Blue Coat, Fortune reports that it had $232 million net loss on $598 million in revenue, but attributed much of the loss to recent acquisitions of Perspecsys and Elastica.
Whether the combined companies will actually perform better than they did separately is an open question. In a time when agility and speed are valued attributes in organizations, creating a larger, less flexible company seems counter to that. One thing the two companies have going for them is lack of overlap, which is unusual in a deal like this, but you have to wonder if scaling up is the right way to go here and whether a large organization can move quickly enough in a rapidly changing market space.
This is hardly the first.
Michigan: Terror investigation nabs Muslim with cache of unregistered weapons in Ypsilanti
August 28, 2017, By Creeping Sharia:
Source: Did FBI thwart Michigan-based terror threat?
The FBI's counterterrorism team blocked an Ypsilanti man from flying to the Middle East and arrested them Friday after discovering a weapons arsenal in a storage unit, the latest national security-related case in Metro Detroit.
Yousef Mohammad Ramadan, 28, has not been charged with a terror-related crime and an FBI spokesperson declined to comment, leaving it unclear why the FBI's counterterrorism team and the head of the U.S. Attorney's Office's national security unit are involved in the case, whether investigators had thwarted a terror attack or stopped a man from traveling overseas to commit terror.
The case is shrouded in secrecy. The U.S. Attorney's Office quietly brought Ramadan into federal court Saturday for a rare weekend arraignment that happened when federal court was closed to the public. The arraignment, which was not posted on the court's calendar, ended with a federal magistrate judge ordering Ramadan be held temporarily without bond.
Ramadan has been charged with knowingly possessing a firearm with an obliterated serial number, a five-year felony.
More details about the case are expected to be revealed when Ramadan appears for a detention hearing Tuesday in federal court. He's being held in the Wayne County Jail.
The prosecutor overseeing the case is Assistant U.S. Attorney Jonathan Tukel, chief of the office's national security unit who successfully prosecuted underwear bomber Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab, according to federal court records. The lead investigator is FBI Special Agent Ryan Schanberger, a member of an elite counterterrorism squad who investigated terror suspect Sebastian Gregerson, who will be sentenced to prison this week.
“Given the background of the agents and the assistant U.S. attorney, it appears to be more than a run-of-the-mill illegal gun case,” said Seamus Hughes, deputy director of George Washington University's Program on Extremism. “The FBI devoted much more resources than they traditionally would for cases like this.”
Ramadan could not be reached for comment and their court-appointed lawyer did not respond to a message seeking comment Sunday.
Ramadan has lived in Ypsilanti and near San Diego, Calif., in recent years and worked as a security guard, according to public records. While living in Chula Vista, Calif., they received a firearm permit in 2010, but it expired in 2014, according to the state Department of Consumer Affairs.
Their most recent address is at the Willow Ridge Apartments in Ypsilanti, five miles east of Michigan Stadium. A neighbor, Tonia Atkins, 47, said Sunday that “I've never seen anyone there.”
The counterterrorism case was revealed in a criminal complaint unsealed late Friday.
The case dates to Aug. 15 when Ramadan, their wife and children tried to fly to Amman, Jordan, aboard a Royal Jordanian Airlines flight, from an airport not identified in the complaint.
Before the family could depart, U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers and an FBI special agent interviewed Ramadan.
Ramadan told investigators the family was relocating to Bethlehem territory controlled by the Palestinian Authority, according to the FBI.
During the interview, Ramadan said they owned two rifles and a Glock handgun and placed the firearms in a storage unit before arriving at the airport, court records show.
Ramadan could not remember the storage unit address but offered to take investigators to the facility.
“However, when asked to take the agents to the storage unit, Ramadan stated that they had lied about the storage unit, and actually had stored the firearms with a friend,” Schanberger wrote in the criminal complaint.
Then the story changed.
“Ramadan refused to identify the friend to whom they had allegedly given the firearms, stating they did not want to cause their friend to have problems with law enforcement,” the agent wrote.
Ramadan said the firearms were legally purchased and registered.
Then the story changed again.
“Ramadan also stated that they had made up the story about the self-storage unit,” the agent wrote.
Records showed Ramadan had legally registered the Glock handgun, but investigators would soon find more weapons after agents linked Ramadan to a unit at Devon Self Storage on South State Road in Ann Arbor.
On Aug. 23, a federal magistrate judge approved a search warrant for the storage unit.
Ramadan's wife is listed as the primary contact for the unit; they are the emergency contact, according to the FBI, which called the move an attempt to disguise Ramadan's involvement with the storage unit.
The lease agreement for the storage unit omitted Ramadan's address, the FBI said. The lease agreement also omitted the fact that Ramadan and their wife were married.
The FBI special agent wrote in the complaint that they are “aware that individuals in actual or constructive control of contraband often attempt to conceal such possession.”
Ramadan paid for the storage unit since December, according to the FBI.
The day Ramadan tried to leave the U.S., a man driving a Honda Odyssey matching one registered to Ramadan's sister was spotted on the storage facility's surveillance camera entering the business, according to the criminal complaint.
On Wednesday, undercover FBI agents spotted Ramadan riding in their sister's Honda Odyssey, according to the complaint. Agents raided the storage unit that day. Inside, agents found two rifles and a handgun.
“Ramadan did not tell agents about the Kimber Covert Pro II handgun, but it is in fact registered to them in the state of Michigan,” the agent wrote.
The rifles matched the description of firearms disclosed by Ramadan at the airport.
Also, agents found components of an AR-15 rifle and two semi-automatic handguns.
The handguns had obliterated serial numbers, which is a federal crime, according to the FBI.
More via Source: Ypsilanti man faces charges stemming from counter-terrorism…
An Ypsilanti man faces federal charges, after an FBI counter-terrorism investigation uncovered their connection to a cache of weapons.
Yousef Mohammad Ramadan was arraigned in federal court Saturday in a closed hearing, and was placed in Wayne County Jail until a formal detention hearing is held.
The FBI's report says they originally approached the 28 year-old Ypsilanti resident August 15th, when they and their family tried to fly to Amman, Jordan aboard a Royal Jordanian Airlines flight. The specific airport from which they planned to depart was not identified.
According to the criminal complaint, Ramadan was interviewed by U.S. Customs Agents, and said they were moving their family to Bethlehem. Ramadan also mentioned during the interview that they owned 2 rifles and a Glock handgun, which were placed in a storage unit before heading to the airport.
Assistant U.S. Attorney Jonathan Tukel says Ramadan later changed their story, and told investigators they actually hid the firearms with a friend, and said the self-storage unit didn't exist.
The lead investigator, Ryan Schanberger, says in their report that the weapons were found to be illegally obtained, and the serial numbers had been removed. Upon further investigation, Schanberger and their team discovered Ramadan had lied when they said the storage unit did not exist.
On August 23rd, the FBI searched the unit, discovering multiple unregistered handguns and rifles, including the components of an AR-15 rifle.
Yousef Mohammad Ramadan is charged with knowingly possessing a firearm with an obliterated serial number, which carries a penalty of up to 5 years in prison. Ramadan has not been charged with any crime specifically relating to terrorism.
They will appear back in court for their detention hearing Tuesday at 1pm.
David Ash is assisted by trainers after they suffered a concussion against BYU. Ash will miss their fifth-straight game with concussion-like symptoms against West Virginia. (Photo by George Frey/Getty Images)
Texas Longhorns quarterback David Ash had recurring concussion-like symptoms in practice and will miss their fifth-straight game this week against West Virginia, head coach Mack Brown announced Monday.
The junior quarterback sustained a concussion against BYU, forcing them to sit out the next week when Texas played Ole Miss. They then sustained a reassurance of symptoms in the first half against Kansas Stat the next week, exiting the game at halftime. Ash hasn't played in a game since.
Ash began participating in team activities last week, which included throwing the ball. However, they suffered another setback this week and there is no timetable for their return. It is not clear whether they will play again this season. When Ash is cleared to return to practice they must wait a week before being able to play.
Senior quarterback Case McCoy will start their fourth-straight game in place of Ash, and first-year student Tyrone Swoopes will continue to serve in their backup role.
The main new feature here is something called Wave Control -- apparently you can wave your hand over the top of the OnHub to boost the speed to a particular device connected to the network. What's totally unclear right now is how the router knows which device you want to prioritize. The Google OnHub control app currently lets you select a particular device on your network and give it priority for a certain amount of time. It's possible that you can set a default device to get boosted when using the Wave Control feature, but we'll have to wait and see.
Google also announced a new software update that's coming to the first OnHub. There's a new "smart antenna algorithm" that will automatically select the best combination of antennas in the device's 360-degree array to give you a stronger signal. So if your phone is on one side of the house and your laptop on another, they'll receive their signal from a different antenna combo based on what will be strongest. The update should download and install automatically.
The ASUS OnHub will go up for presale later this week on the Google Store as well as at selected retailers for US customers. It's not a cheap device at $219.99, but our experience with the first OnHub router makes us hope that the ASUS model will be just as good. Hopefully Wave Control is more than just a gimmick, but even if it is, ASUS is known for making some of the best routers out there. Hopefully its new OnHub continues that tradition.
Troops in the Liri Valley, on the road to Rome, Italian Campaign, 1944
American armor moves up the Appian Way during the drive towards Rome, WWII
American soldiers march up the Appian Way during the drive towards Rome, WWII
Italians watch American armor pass during the drive towards Rome along the Appian Way, World War II
A column of American medical vehicles during the drive towards Rome, World War II
American troops rest in a courtyard during the drive towards Rome, World War II
American jeeps travel through a bombed-out town during the drive towards Rome, World War II
American troops stand in front of a bombed-out building during the drive towards Rome, WWII
Ruins of the town of Monte Cassino, a result of massive Allied bombing during an attempt to dislodge German troops occupying the city, 1944
Ruins of the town of Monte Cassino, a result of massive Allied bombing during an attempt to dislodge German troops occupying the city, 1944
Ruins in the Rapido Valley, 1944
A German graveyard along the Esperia Road, photographed during the Allied drive towards Rome, World War II
American soldier trying to spot German positions during the Allied drive towards Rome, 1944
Liri Valley, on the road to Rome, 1944
American troops camped by the roadside during the drive towards Rome, 1944
An American soldier sleeps on a pile of rocks during the drive towards Rome, 1944
Liri Valley, on the road to Rome, 1944
In the Rapido Valley during WWII, 1944
American troops rest in a field during the drive towards Rome, 1944
An American soldier on a meal break during the drive towards Rome, 1944
American troops look over German armor destroyed during the drive towards Rome, 1944
The Italian Campaign, World War II, 1944
British and South African soldiers hold up a Nazi trophy flag while combat engineers on bulldozers clear a path through the debris of a bombed-out city, Italian Campaign, World War II
According to, before dawn on July 10 1943, 150,000 American and British troops — along with Canadian, Free French and other Allies, and 3,000 ships, 600 tanks and 4,000 aircraft — made for the southern shores of the largest island in the Mediterranean Sea: the storied, 10,000-square-mile land of Sicily. Within six weeks, the Allies had pushed Axis troops (primarily Germans) out of Sicily and were poised for the invasion of mainland Italy and one of the most arduous 20 months of the entire war: the long, often brutal Italian Campaign.(Photos:
Pulsars are what remains when a massive star undergoes gravitational collapse and explodes in a supernova. These remnants (also known as neutron stars) are extremely dense, with several Earth-masses crammed into a space the size of a small country. They also have powerful magnetic fields, which causes them to rotate rapidly and emit powerful beams of gamma rays or x-rays – which lends them the appearance of a lighthouse.
In some cases, pulsars spin especially fast, taking only milliseconds to complete a single rotation. These “millisecond pulsars” remain a source of mystery for astronomers. And after following up on previous observations, researchers using the Low Frequency Array (LOFAR) radio telescope in the Netherlands identified a pulsar (PSR J0952?0607) that spins more than 42,000 times per minute, making it the second-fastest pulsar ever discovered.
The study which described their findings, titled “LOFAR Discovery of the Fastest-spinning Millisecond Pulsar in the Galactic Field“, recently appeared in The Astrophysical Journal Letters. Led by Dr. Cees Bassa, an astrophysicist from the University of Utrecht and the Netherlands Institute for Radio Astronomy (ASTRON), the team conducted follow-up observations of PSR J0952?0607, a millisecond pulsar located 3,200 to 5,700 light-years away.
This study was part of an ongoing LOFAR survey of energetic sources originally identified by NASA's Fermi Gamma-ray space telescope. The purpose of this survey was to distinguish between the gamma-ray sources Fermi detected, which could have been caused by neutron stars, pulsars, supernovae or the regions around black holes. As Elizabeth Ferrara, a member of the discovery team at NASA's Goddard Space Center, explained in a NASA press release:
“Roughly a third of the gamma-ray sources found by Fermi have not been detected at other wavelengths. Many of these unassociated sources may be pulsars, but we often need follow-up from radio observatories to detect the pulses and prove it. There's a real synergy across the extreme ends of the electromagnetic spectrum in hunting for them.”
Their follow-up observations indicated that this particular source was a pulsar that spins at a rate of 707 revolutions (Hz) per second, which works out to 42,000 revolutions per minute. This makes it, by definition, a millisecond pulsar. The team also confirmed that it is about 1.4 Solar Masses and is orbited every 6.4 hours by a companion star that has been stripped down to less than 0.05 Jupiter masses.
The presence of this lightweight companion is a further indication of how the spin of this pulsar became so rapid. Over time, matter would have been stripped away from the star, gradually accreting onto PSR J0952?0607. This would not only raise its spin rate but also greatly increase its electromagnetic emissions. The process continues to this day, with the star becoming increasingly smaller as the pulsar becomes more energetic.
Because of the nature of this relationship (which can only be described as “cannibalistic”), systems like PSR J0952?0607 are often called “black widow” or “redback” pulsars. Most of these systems were found by following up on sources identified by the Fermi mission, since the process has been known to result in a considerable amount of electromagnetic radiation being released.
Beyond the discovery of this record-setting pulsar, the LOFAR discovery could also be an indication that there is a new population of ultra-fast spinning pulsars in our Universe. As Dr. Bassa explained:
“LOFAR picked up pulses from J0952 at radio frequencies around 135 MHz, which is about 45 percent lower than the lowest frequencies of conventional radio searches. We found that J0952 has a steep radio spectrum, which means its radio pulses fade out very quickly at higher frequencies. It would have been a challenge to find it without LOFAR.”
The fastest spinning pulsar known, PSR J1748-2446ad, spins just slightly faster than PSR J0952?0607 – reaching a rate of nearly 43,000 rpm (or 716 revolutions per second). But some theorists think that pulsars could spin as fast as 72,000 rpm (almost twice as fast) before breaking up. This remains a theory, since rapidly-spinning pulsars are rather difficult to detect.
But with the help of instrument like LOFAR, that could be changing. For instance, both PSR J1748-2446ad and PSR J0952?0607 were shown to have steep spectra – much like radio galaxies and Active Galactic Nuclei. The same was true of J1552+5437, another millisecond pular detected by LOFAR which spins at 25,000 rpm.
As Ziggy Pleunis – a doctoral student at McGill University in Montreal and a co-author on the study – indicated, this could be a sign that the fastest-spinning pulsars are just waiting to be found.
“There is growing evidence that the fastest-spinning pulsars tend to have the steepest spectra,” they said. “Since LOFAR searches are more sensitive to these steep-spectrum radio pulsars, we may find that even faster pulsars do, in fact, exist and have been missed by surveys at higher frequencies.”
As with many other areas of astronomical research, improvements in instrumentation and methodology are allowing for new and exciting discoveries. As expected, some of the things we are finding are forcing astronomers to rethink more than a few previously-held assumptions about the nature and limits of certain phenomena.
Be sure to enjoy this NASA video that explains “black widow” pulsars and the ongoing search to find them:
Further Reading: NASA, Astrophysical Journal Letters
ger,eng
2017/01/24
Back
Foundation for new type of solar cell
Using hot polarons to harvest sunlight
An interdisciplinary team of researchers has laid the foundations for an entirely new type of photovoltaic cell. In this new method, infrared radiation is converted into electrical energy using a different mechanism from that found in conventional solar cells. The mechanism behind the new solid-state solar cell made of the mineral perovskite relies on so-called polaron excitations, which combine the excitation of electrons and vibrations of the crystal lattice. The scientists from the research groups of Prof. Christian Jooss at the University of Göttingen, Prof. Simone Techert, Leading Scientist at DESY, Professor at the University of Göttingen and head of a research group at the Max Planck Institute for biophysical Chemistry in Göttingen, and Prof. Peter Blöchl at the Technical University of Clausthal-Zellerfeld present their work in the journal Advanced Energy Materials.
Download [1012KB, 2841 x 3350]
An experimental polaron solar cell in the lab. Credit: Dirk Raiser, MPIbC/DESY An experimental polaron solar cell in the lab. Credit: Dirk Raiser, MPIbC/DESY
“In conventional solar cells, the interaction between the electrons and the lattice vibrations can lead to unwanted losses, causing substantial problems, whereas the polaron excitations in the perovskite solar cell can be created with a fractal structure at certain operating temperatures and last long enough for a pronounced photovoltaic effect to occur,” explains the main author of the paper, Dirk Raiser, from the Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry in Göttingen and DESY. “This requires the charges to be in an ordered ground state, however, corresponding to a sort of crystallisation of the charges, which therefore allows strong cooperative interactions to occur between the polarons.”
The perovskite solar cells studied by the team had to be cooled in the laboratory to around minus 35 degrees Celsius, in order for the effect to take place. If this effect is to be used in practical applications, it will be necessary to produce ordered polaron states at higher temperatures. “The measurements so far were made in a carefully characterised reference material, in order to demonstrate the principle of the effect. For this purpose, the low transition temperature was accepted,” explains co-author Techert.
Material physicists at Göttingen are trying to modify and optimise the material in order to achieve a higher operating temperature. “Also, we might be able to achieve the cooperative state temporarily through the cunning use of additional light to produce the excitation,” says Techert. If one of these strategies proves successful, future solar cells or photochemical energy sources could be made using perovskite oxide compounds, of which an abundant supply exists.
“Developing high efficiency and simply constructed solid-state solar cells is still a scientific challenge which many teams around the world are working on, in order to ensure the future of our energy supply,” emphasises the research director Christian Jooss. “In addition to optimising the material and the design of existing solar cells, this also involves exploring new, fundamental mechanisms of light-induced charge transport and conversion into electrical energy. This should allow us to develop solar cells based on new operating principles.”
This is precisely what the interdisciplinary team of material physicists, theoretical physicists, chemical physicists and X-ray physicists has now achieved within the collaborative research centre SFB 1073 for “Atomic-Scale Control of Energy Conversion” in Göttingen. A key factor in studying the new principle of solar cell operation was the ultra-fast methods of optical and structural analysis that were used in the current as well as in earlier work on this topic.
“Measuring dynamic processes in molecular units, like in the molecular movie approach, calls for the use of brilliant and ultra-fast X-ray sources, such as PETRA III at DESY or the European Free-Electron Laser, European XFEL, which goes into operation this year,” emphasises Techert. “Examinations like these, some of which were already used in the current study, lead to a new level of understanding of charge transfer processes, which in turn makes possible new solar cell functions.”
The work was carried out by research scientists at the University of Göttingen, the Max Planck Institute for Biophysical Chemistry, the Technical University of Clausthal-Zellerfeld and DESY.
Reference:
Evolution of hot polaron states with a nanosecond lifetime in manganite; D. Raiser, S. Mildner, B. Ifland, M. Sotoudeh, P. Blöchl, S. Techert, Ch. Jooss; Advanced Energy Materials, 2017; DOI: 10.1002/aenm.201602174
SYOSSET, N.Y. (CBSNewYork) — Anti-Semitic graffiti and other profanities were found spray-painted on a school in Syosset, Long Island early Sunday, police said.
Just before 7 a.m., a school security officer discovered that the walls, doors and windows in the rear of Syosset High School, at 70 Southwoods Rd., had been spray-painted with anti-Semitic writings that included swastikas, Nassau County police said.
Also discovered written in various colors of spray paint were the name of the gang MS-13 and other profanities, police said.
The spray-painting happened between 2 a.m. and 4 a.m., police said.
Local officials asked that Nassau police increase patrols in the area in wake of the incident.
“News of this morning's latest hate-based offense is sickening and repulsive,” Nassau legislator Arnold Drucker said in a statement Sunday. “With many students scheduled to attend Freshman orientation tomorrow at Syosset High School, I want to reassure our community that these brazen, cowardly acts of hate will not be tolerated here, or anywhere else.”
is scheduled for Sunday evening at the Mid-Island Y JCC in Plainview.
In a show of solidarity hundreds packed the Mid-Island Y JCC in Plainview on Sunday night for a “Break the Hate” rally.
“All humanity is of equal and invaluable, infinite worth,” Rabbi Lina Zerbarini said.
School board trustee Joshua Lafizan is calling for stepped up security at all ten of the district's schools.
“Because I find this completely unacceptable and something like this never should have happened in the first place,” Lafizan said.
Anyone with information is asked to call the Nassau County Crime Stoppers at (800) 244-TIPS.
Canada Forcing Wounded Vets To Sign Agreement Not To Criticize The Military On Social Media
from the free-speech? dept
Rob Hyndman alerts us to yet another attack on free speech up in Canada. The Canadian Armed Forces are apparently forcing wounded veterans to sign a form promising not to criticize the military on social media. In fact, they're told they should "discourage others in uniform." They're also told not to discuss "your views on any military subject." Not surprisingly, many of those receiving these forms are not too pleased about it. The military claims that it's just been designed to "educate" veterans. The statement to the Ottawa Citizen is quite incredible:
In an email to the Citizen, the JPSU denied that the creation of the policy and document was designed to stifle criticism of politicians and senior military staff. It was created “in an effort to educate our members and personnel on what constitutes the appropriate and inappropriate use of social media and the possible ramifications for a CAF member,” the email added.
Ottawa lawyer and former military officer Michel Drapeau said the form is an obvious attempt to intimidate those who were injured and prevent them from speaking out about ill treatment.
“It's not illegal but it's obviously a threat,” said Drapeau, who has represented injured soldiers as they try to get benefits from the federal government. “The criticism about the leadership's failure to take care of the wounded is obviously hitting home.”
But, many others quoted in the same article note that it goes way beyond an education effort, and is clearly much more of an attempt to stifle free speech and criticism of the military.There is, of course, a fine line -- especially with military personnel -- about what they can and should communicate with the rest of the world. But this really does seem like a way to try to silence wounded vets who might have very legitimate criticisms as to how they've been treated.
Filed Under: canada, free speech, gag order, social media, veterans
IANS By
NEW DELHI: Jawaharlal Nehru University and Hyderabad Central University, which recently faced controversies, have figured in top four rankings released by the union Ministry of Human Resource Development (HRD).
The JNU has been placed at third spot with weighed score of 86.46 while Hyderabad Central University is at the fourth place with a score of 85.45 in the rankings of top universities released by the HRD.
The Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, has topped the chart with weighed score of 91.81 while the Institute of Chemical Technology has scored second position with a score of 87.58 in universities category.
“Designed with a transparent mechanism, the National Institutional Rankings will facilitate choice, enabling higher education stakeholders to make informed and accurate decisions,” HRD Minister Smriti Irani said releasing the India Rankings 2016.
“Each year, these rankings will serve as a performance benchmark for education institutes to improve their standing in the educational arena,” Irani added.
Ironically, various members of parliament from Irani's ruling party, the Bharatiya Janata Party, in various speeches and public statements they made over last two months have described the JNU as a fortress of naxalism and anti-national activities.
However, on Monday the HRD ministry described these rankings as the country's first exercise to rank higher educational institutions based on objective, identifiable parameters.
“The rankings are arrived at after detailed analysis and validation of the data submitted by more than 3,600 higher educational institutions in the Country classified in 6 categories," the ministry said in a statement released here.
"These rankings follow an Indian approach, where academic institute will be assessed on parameters, including teaching-learning; research; collaborative practice and professional performance; graduate outcomes; placements; outreach and inclusive action and peer group perception,” the ministry added.
The announcement of the rankings was made by the ministry under its National Institutional Ranking Framework (NIRF) programme in the presence of HRD Minister Smriti Irani here on Monday.
Meanwhile, reacting to developments, the JNU has said that it will continue on its march to be the best university in the world.
"It is an exciting news to know that JNU finds place in the top echelons of Indian universities despite its broad-based nature of research and teaching. Students from diverse economic backgrounds from different parts of India should take advantage of the quality education imparted by JNU and apply in large numbers,” JNU public relations officer Poonam Kudasiya said.
In the university category, other top-ranked institutes were University of Delhi (6th), Banaras Hindu University at Varanasi (7th), Indian Institute of Space Science and Technology in Kerala (8th), Birla Institute of Technology and Science at Pilani (9th), Aligarh Muslim University (10th) and Visva-Bharati University in West Bengal (11th). Jamia Millia Islamia in New Delhi was ranked 83rd.
IIM-Bangalore and IIT-Madras have topped the charts in the category of management and engineering institutions. The NIRF evaluated 100 higher educational institutions each in engineering, management, universities and pharmacy categories.
How to Watch iTunes Purchased and Rented Videos on Xbox 360
Xbox 360, a game console of Microsoft, was initially made public in 2005 and is still popular in nowadays. Xbox 360, except the function of playing games, can also play online music, TV Shows and movies as well as media files from local PCs.
Things you need to know about Multimedia Function of Xbox 360
1. Supported media contents:
Music, television programs, and films through the Xbox Music and Xbox Video portals
Third-party content services through media streaming applications
Media files from local PCs
2. Supported media types:
Videos in WMV format (including high-definition and PlaysForSure videos), H.264 and MPEG-4 media as well as MPEG-4 ASP format videos
Pictures and slideshows of photo collections with various transition effects
Music of most non-protected formats
3. Supported media sources:
Standard USB mass storage devices
Xbox 360 proprietary storage devices (such as memory cards or Xbox 360 hard drives)
Servers or computers with Windows Media Center or Windows XP with Service pack 2 or higher within the local-area network in streaming mode
It seems that Xbox 36o supports very limited video formats. If you happen not to have videos of formats supported by it, you need to convert them. iTunes purchased and rented M4V videos is just the case. But another essential reason for iTunes videos' incompatibility with Xbox 360 is that they are DRM protected.
To watch iTunes videos on Xbox 360, you need to both remove DRM from them and convert them to Xbox 360 supported formats like WMV. M4VGear DRM Media Converter is quite professional in this. In other words, M4VGear is designed to losslessly remove DRM from both iTunes purchases and rentals and convert them to multiple video and audio formats including WMV.
What M4VGear can do for you
Remove DRM from both iTunes purchases and rentals at 20X faster speed
Convert iTunes M4V videos to video and audio formats like WMV, MP4, AVI, etc.
Keep subtitles and audio tracks including AC3 5.1 audio
Retain lossless quality of original iTunes videos
Support both Windows and Mac Operating system
Tutorial: How to Convert iTunes videos to Xbox 360 supported format
Step 1
Install M4VGear DRM Media Converter on your computer
Step 2
Import iTunes purchased and rented videos
Import from iTunes library the purchased and rented videos to M4VGear by clicking Add Movies button on the panel of the program. You are allowed to add more than one video at one time.
Step 3
Choose output format
Check the loaded videos and then go to the bottom left of the software to choose "Customized WMV video" as output format. After that, click the WMV icon on the right of the loaded videos and you will find some parameters for you to customize.
Step 4
Convert iTunes M4V videos to WMV format
Click "Convert" button to start removing DRM from iTunes videos and at the same time, convert them to WMV format. Do not control iTunes during the process in case some error happens.
Step 5
Watch iTunes videos on Xbox 360
Generally, the output folder will be popped up after conversion is finished. If not, click Option on Windows or Click M4VGear > Preferences on Mac to find the output folder. Then copy the converted videos in WMV format to the USB storage devices and then connect it with Xbox 360. Finally, enjoy iTunes purchased and rented videos on Xbox 360.
If you find that the converted videos are all cut to one-minute, do not be panic. It is normally with the trial version of M4VGear. If you want to end the situation and get full access to M4VGear, buy the program at price $44.95 now (Original price is $49.95).
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
[oldembed src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/srcTz51f_pQ" width="425" height="300" resize="1" fid="21"]
In the last week, both blogger Ezra Klein and Yale economists Ben Polak and Peter K. Schott released research that makes a strong case that the public sector layoffs that have taken place during the recession and beyond have made a significant negative dent in the nation's employment rate. The country's current 8.2 unemployment rate would be as low as 7.0 if it weren't for the hidden austerity programs that have hit both the federal and state government employee pools in recent years.
Since Obama was elected, the public sector has lost about 600,000 jobs. If you put those jobs back, the unemployment rate would be 7.8 percent. But what if we did more than that? At this point in George W. Bush's administration, public-sector employment had grown by 3.7 percent. That would be equal to a bit over 800,000 jobs today. If you add those hypothetical jobs, the unemployment rate falls to 7.3 percent.
Polak and Schott go further in their analysis:
There is something historically different about this recession and its aftermath: in the past, local government employment has been almost recession-proof. This time it's not. Going back as long as the data have been collected (1955), with the one exception of the 1981 recession, local government employment continued to grow almost every month regardless of what the economy threw at it. But since the latest recession began, local government employment has fallen by 3 percent, and is still falling. In the equivalent period following the 1990 and 2001 recessions, local government employment grew 7.7 and 5.2 percent. Even following the 1981 recession, by this stage local government employment was up by 1.4 percent... Without this hidden austerity program, the economy would look very different. If state and local governments had followed the pattern of the previous two recessions, they would have added 1.4 million to 1.9 million jobs and overall unemployment would be 7.0 to 7.3 percent instead of 8.2 percent.
And note that much of that extensive hiring during previous recessions was done under Republican presidents. Barack Obama, in pursuing policies regarding the government employee workforce pushed by conservatives, undercut their own ability to improve the jobs picture, thus opening themselves up to attacks from those very conservatives who he's trying to placate.
This video is no longer available
This video was hosted on Vidme, which is no longer in operation. However, you might find this video at one of these links:
Video title:
Natural Selection Model Documentary
Upload date:
June 6 2017
Uploaded by:
The_ColeSparks
Video description:
Dr. Cole Lapp demonstrates how to make a natural selection model by using finches as an example. Topics include how a finch is similar to a salt shaker, how awesome the internet is for looking this sort of things up and how natural selection has played a part in the evolution of all species. Feel free to share this video with your friends or family Directed by Eric Lapp Actor: Cole Lapp (C) 2017 #the #colesparks #finches #comedy #eric #dr. #cole #lapp #natural #selection #model #vidme #1-up #mushroom #petsounds #beachboys #experimental #brainfood #harry #mcanus #2017
Total views:
57
Club PA 2.0 has arrived! If you'd like to access some extra PA content and help support the forums, check it out at patreon.com/ClubPA
The image size limit has been raised to 1mb! Anything larger than that should be linked to. This is a HARD limit, please do not abuse it.
Our new Indie Games subforum is now open for business in G&T. Go and check it out, you might land a code for a free game. If you're developing an indie game and want to post about it, follow these directions . If you don't, he'll break your legs! Hahaha! Seriously though.
Our rules have been updated and given their own forum . Go and look at them! They are nice, and there may be new ones that you didn't know about! Hooray for rules! Hooray for The System! Hooray for Conforming!
In a sixteen-hour window overlapping March 6th and 7th, the Washington Post published a truly gobsmacking sixteen smear pieces on Bernie Sanders during what was arguably the single most heated period of the Democratic primaries. Those sixteen hours happened to include the crucial debate between Sanders and Hillary Clinton in Michigan, a state that Sanders went on to win in a shocking upset.
In response to the understandable outrage expressed by Sanders supporters and anyone who cares about journalistic integrity, WaPo trotted out one of their shill reporters to defend their shill rag, who seriously tried to argue that hit pieces trying to slyly cast Sanders as a racist and a crime-coddler were “rooted in math” and therefore impartial, because Sanders was having more success in states with a greater white majority and wanted to decrease America's embarrassingly huge prison population.
Sixteen smear pieces in sixteen hours. And yet this ridiculous parody of a news media outlet has the gall to run story after story decrying “fake news”.
In their latest frantic attempt to claw power back to the neoliberal establishment, WaPo has published an extremely popular article titled "Russian propaganda effort helped spread ‘fake news' during election, experts say," reporting that unnamed, anonymous "experts" working for a brand-new organization calling itself PropOrNot have used an unnamed, unknown methodology to produce a list of alternative media organizations it claims are "routine peddlers of Russian propaganda" and passing it off as news. This now-viral blacklist (literally titled "The List" on ProOrNot's website) includes such esteemed media outlets as The Drudge Report and Naked Capitalism, as well as WikiLeaks, Zero Hedge, Truthout, Black Agenda Report, Consortium News, Truthdig, Antiwar.com, The Anti-Media, and The Ron Paul Institute.
"Basically," writes Glenn Greenwald in a surgical evisceration of this insipid neoliberal shill piece that you absolutely must read, "everyone who isn't comfortably within the centrist Hillary-Clinton/Jeb-Bush spectrum is guilty."
Greenwald points out some of WaPo's violations of journalistic integrity that are even more egregious than the sixteen smear pieces in sixteen hours, like the way they pushed deceitful pro-war propaganda in the leadup to the Iraq invasion, an unforgivable act of needless military aggression that got upwards of a million people killed to prop up the U.S. petrodollar economy, and when they ran an actual, serious article about some guy's conspiracy theory that Hillary Clinton's collapse on 9/11 Day was due to them having been poisoned by Putin operatives.
Greenwald goes on to argue just how absurd PropOrNot is as an establishment, how childish whoever runs its Twitter account is, how many outlets passed on this story before WaPo agreed to run it, what that says about their journalistic integrity, and how disturbing it is that this deceitful, pernicious story "spread like wildfire" upon its release.
"Even more disturbing than the Post's shoddy journalism in this instance," Greenwald adds, "is the broader trend in which any wild conspiracy theory or McCarthyite attack is now permitted in U.S. discourse as long as it involves Russia and Putin – just as was true in the 1950s when stories of how the Russians were poisoning the U.S. water supply or infiltrating American institutions were commonplace. Any anti-Russia story was – and is – instantly vested with credibility, while anyone questioning its veracity or evidentiary basis is subject to attacks on their loyalties or, at best, vilified as “useful idiots.”"
Greenwald's article highlights brilliantly the sickest aspects of the neoliberal establishment, especially its nonstop bloodthirsty drive toward a military confrontation with Russia. It might be shocking to see media outlets that allege themselves to belong to the political left pushing for a war with a nuclear superpower, and to see people who identify as liberals and progressives actively subscribing to that push themselves, but if you've got your ear to the ground it isn't really surprising. Just as when Saddam broke the OPEC convention of selling oil exclusively in U.S. dollars, threatening the unseen foundation of neoliberal economics, Russia has been working with China to move away from the U.S. dollar as a reserve currency and buying up gold like it's going out of style. Syria, where Russia is forming an extremely useful alliance, is also one of the few nations left government-owned central bank, which the neoliberal International Monetary Fund has openly stated it wants to change. The bankers who have risen to such immense power under the neoliberal system aren't having any of this, and they're trying to use their plutocratic leverage and unprecedented control of the media to stop it. It remains to be seen if Trump will play ball with this agenda or will remain as opposed to it as they claim to be.
Until then, stay watchful dear reader. WikiLeaks revealed beyond a doubt that our government is lying to us and the media is helping them, and this latest stunt by WaPo shows there are no depths these people won't stoop to.
---
I've gone rogue. If you enjoyed reading this as much as I enjoyed writing it, give a lass a hand by sharing it, liking me up bigly on Facebook, or even maybe chucking a few shekels my way on Patreon.
Did you have a chemical experiment kit when you were a kid? Would you buy, or have you already bought, one for your children? Chemistry is one of the sciences that are hard to understand by just reading books, so having something tangible to play with is a crucial part of learning.
Most of the kits on sale today are just a box with a number of chemical agents and manuals, which didn't see much change in the last few decades. There is, however, a potentially disruptive player on this market: the Russian-British startup MEL Science, which has released its subscription-based chemical experiment kit in the US, UK, and Russia.
Priced at $73.80 for the starter kit and a further $11.95 for three experiment kits per month, MEL Chemistry offers 38 experiments in total, from tin dendrites to zinc-carbon batteries and from chemical ink eraser to ammonia fountain.
The vision
The kit is recommended for children of 12 years and older.
“This age restriction is partly due to the regulations we need to comply with, and partly because it's an age when the kid can understand what's going on inside the experiment,” MEL Science founder and CEO Vassili Philippov told TNW.
Vassili Philippov, Founder and CEO of MEL Science
Physicist and mathematician by training and a father of four, Philippov sold their first company, SPB Software, to Russia's Yandex four years ago, and recently quit the Internet giant in order to start a new venture.
“When I was a kid, I wanted to be a scientist, but eventually became a programmer,” they said. “It's a bit too late for me now to return to the science but it's never late to work in education.”
Speaking of education, Philippov says one of the biggest markets for the kit is the home-schooled children, of whom there are currently more than two million only in the US.
Interestingly, during the beta testing phase of MEL Chemistry, about 35 percent of adult customers actually bought it for themselves and not for children. I got my hands on a starter kit and the first batch of experiments to see if it can pique a grown-up's interest.
The kit
The starter kit is produced in Saint Petersburg, where the most of MEL Science's team of nine people are located. The contents look quite serious: you'll see some chemical glassware, two pairs of safety goggles, syringes, plastic cups, funnel, a tray to protect you table, and even a solid fuel stove.
In addition to that, the kit contains a stand and two lenses – macro and wide-angle, – to shoot videos of your experiments with a smartphone. There's also a cardboard VR headset to use with MEL Science's mobile app for Android and iOS.
The app provides videos and explanations of the experiments, as well as a way to understand how molecules are built, and how they interact with each other.
For example, the VR mode seems especially awesome when looking from inside a crystalline grid.
The experiments
The first experiment I went with was the one with tin dendrites, where you need to grow a metal tree in a Petri dish filled with tin chloride by passing an electric current through it.
The instructions were quite clear and there was no problem in setting up the experiment. Finding a good place for the phone with macro lens was a bit trickier but I still managed to catch some metal growing. The video didn't turn out as nice as on the website but I'd still consider it a success:
Moving from the water to the fire, I opened the ‘Chemistry of monsters' pack. With just some sugar, baking soda and solid fuel, it promised to show a burning snake thanks to this reaction:
This time round, the experiment was quite spectacular:
I totally forgot to put on gloves, but there was no need. Even the burner wasn't warm after the flame died.
All in all, the kit lives up to its promise, and experiments are indeed quite easy to set up and perform. Some things might not go as smooth as the videos show, but that's chemistry for you.
Debates have raged over whether to include a "dislike" button on Facebook, so imagine a site with "jerk" and "not a jerk" tags. That's exactly what billionaire Napster co-founder John Fanning tried to do with their Jerk.com creation; and now he's under fire by the Federal Trade Commission.
The FTC filed a complaint (PDF) on Monday alleging that Jerk.com dishonestly harvested personal information from millions of Facebook users to create profiles that labeled people either "jerk" or "not a jerk." The site then reportedly told users they had to pay $30 to access "premium" features that would let them dispute the "jerk" tags.
"In today's interconnected world, people are especially concerned about their reputation online, and this deceptive scheme was a brazen attempt to exploit those concerns," director of the FTC's Bureau of Consumer Protection Jessica Rich said in a statement.
According to the FTC, more than 73 million people, including children, had their personal information posted on Jerk.com between 2009 and 2013. Some of the photos allegedly showed children without consent from their parents; reportedly, there were even photos of children bathing and a mother nursing their baby.
The site also encouraged users to post comments on people's profiles, which were said to have had a bullying nature. "Omg I hate this kid he\'s such a loser," one comment said. "Nobody in their right mind would love you ... not even your parents love [you]," read another.
The FTC alleges that Jerk.com misled consumers into thinking that all the profiles on Jerk.com were created by other Jerk.com users -- however, the majority of the profiles were reportedly harvested from Facebook. These profiles also tended to appear in search engine results.
To get the Facebook data, Jerk.com's operators allegedly tapped into Facebook's application programming interfaces and built apps that were able to download the names and photos of millions of people.
In March 2012, when Facebook realized that Jerk.com was violating its terms of service by using apps to scrape user data, the social network disabled some of their apps and sent the site a cease and desist letter. At that time, Facebook also began cooperating with the FTC in its investigation of Jerk.com.
"We take breaches of our terms seriously," a Facebook spokesperson told CNET. "We applaud the FTC and will continue to work with them as they pursue Jerk.com and others that seek to abuse people who use our service."
The Jerk.com site is no longer in service; the URL currently using Jerk.com is not affiliated with the FTC's complaint.
The FTC is seeking to bar Jerk.com's "deceptive practices," stop the site from using people's personal information, and make it delete any harvested information. An evidentiary hearing regarding the complaint is scheduled before an administrative law judge at the FTC on January 27, 2015.
The “'60s scoop” was a figment of a B.C. reporter's imagination, used to underscore problems relating to child neglect in First Nations communities. Maybe it was more the design of a headline writer than anything.
Sadly, the phrase was picked up to draw attention to an important situation. Many First Nations children were entering the care of provincial governments after Ottawa passed responsibility to provinces.
At that time, the Feds were offloading costs wherever they could, often with no consultation with First Nation communities or the provinces.
I am surprised Doug Cuthand, a journalist of respect and experience, would get caught up in the '60s Scoop trap (Sept. 9). Had they looked further, they might have come up with a different label — the “'60s Slosh.”
The problem was booze — destroyer of marriages, jobs, families, relationships and supports. Booze scooped up children and dumped them in foster homes.
But first, a court process had to deem them neglected or abandoned. Courts required proof. Courts wanted to know what was being done to avoid apprehension, what alternatives existed. When all else failed, children were made temporary wards of the Crown with the goal of reuniting them with families quickly as possible. If that failed, another court process was needed to make the children permanent wards of the Crown. Again, proof had to be presented asserting there were no options: no relatives; no siblings; no possible placement back with parents. Most of the time, the cause was booze.
I never ran across a parent who said, “I hate my kids. You keep ‘em.” I recall them all saying they loved their children. They wanted their children home. But booze had become the master.
We tried very hard to work within community structures: chiefs, councillors, band staff, families. Because the parents were problem drinkers who fought with everyone, folks were reluctant to offer support for the children, let alone the parents. Heard over and over was “We don't want to get involved!”
Yes, I scooped children. Here is why:
• Received word some parents hadn't been seen in several days. Go to the house. No heat. No firewood. What little food is frozen. Crying baby on the floor. Them wet diaper is frozen to the floor.
• Police insist I accompany them at 3 a.m. to rural area. Arrived to find drunken orgy with children under 10 present.
• -35C. Make patrol down alley behind beer parlours and find two carloads of children in vehicles. Windows frosted over inside. Children are cold and hungry. Not the first time I found this situation. Step into the bar and hear, “Oh, oh, it's the welfare.”
• After midnight at our home, there is banging on the back door. Open it up to girl, 6, and boy, 7, who say, “Mister, come to our house — there is blood all over.” Arrive at the house. Indeed blood and beer everywhere, walls, ceiling, floor. A crib is upside down and the baby is screaming. Look into the bedroom to see a naked 19-year-old and their boyfriend having intercourse. Observe another female naked from the waste up in other room. Police officer arrives; second day on the job. Their eyes are popping. Turns out the female in the other room has a breast slashed in two; this was causing the blood.
Oh, when I wasn't busy scooping children and going through the court processes to have them made wards of the Crown, I was:
• Helping create agreements between bands, province and feds for social services on-reserve,
• Helping develop preventive social services, plus employment.
• Meeting chiefs, band administrators and staff to encourage foster homes;
• Trying to enhance the physical, emotional and spiritual values of foster parents trying to provide love, care, affection and understanding to children in care.
Bottom line: every child is a child of the Creator. Each of us has the responsibility to protect that precious gift and help them or them thrive physically, emotionally, socially and spiritually.
I'm 77, and this is my oral history!
Higgs spent 20 years working in social services in two provinces during the 1960s and '70s. They then worked in Saskatchewan's public service.
Yesterday morning, while walking on my farm, I thought to myself: “I haven't done enough this season” “Things are moving slower than I expected” “Can I really make this happen?” “What if I don't have what it takes?” “What if I fail and have to go back to a job?”
Starting a permaculture farm from scratch and going all in is a risky business. There are so many factors to consider; getting the startup capital, generating income in the first year, housing, and all other necessities of life.
In general, there are three main techniques for becoming successful: 1. Trial and Error (takes too long) 2. Over time (takes too long) 3. Modelling/Copying – the smoothest route. Modelling is the path most likely to provide you success in whatever you're trying to do.
Accordingly, when considering how to start a permaculture farm from the bottom up, we'll use the example of the Grant Schultz from Versaland, They bootstrapped their venture from nothing, just bare land, yet today they have a thriving business and makes a good living from their farm.
Before we start here are few interesting facts to consider about Grant:
They started mid-April 2013 – that's just 2.5 years ago
There was no infrastructure on their land – nothing, just bare land, no buildings, electricity or water
 They are leasing the land with option to buy – long-term land tenure with a predetermined strike price
Yes, they do workshops, but they are not their primary source of income – the land itself generates their main sources of revenue.
With that in mind, let's dive in.
Versaland – Iowa City, Iowa, USA – 145-acre farm, laboratory and homestead – 2.5 years of establishment
Grant went to a conventional agricultural college and took a horticultural path. However, they soon started to believe something was wrong with the conventional system and began searching for a viable alternative, eventually finding permaculture. Following graduation, they became involved with startups, and also gained some valuable experience as a real estate agent. Nonetheless, to him, food security was the most important path to pursue.
They started a successful commercial garlic growing operation on rented land and began to play an active role in the new food and farm movement, but had a problem all too common for novice farmers: land access. However, through networking with farmers at the 2013 Practical Farmers Annual Conference, they eventually found a permanent home at Versaland Farm near Iowa City, and Grant hit the ground running.
Currently, VersaLand is developing an agricultural ecosystem that seamlessly blends technology and tradition. It's a silvopasture, an agroforestry practice that includes both trees and livestock. Grant focuses on resilient farm infrastructure, perennial field crops, superfoods and grazing management. Using a keyline water management system, Versaland showcases the early stages of an agroecological design alongside mature oaks and hickories.
The Versaland Model
1. Location and Size
Versaland is a 145-acre farm located in Iowa City, Midwest USA. It's in the USDA Plant Hardiness zone 5, and in a cool temperate climate.
Grant set clear goals for themselves and then selected land suitable for meeting them. They wanted to set up a farmscale permaculture demonstration site in the Mid-West, yet also be close to people of similar age.
The criteria for land selection was the proximity of markets and social groups. Therefore, they had to be within 30 minutes' drive of a major university or metropolitan area, and an area eight miles (12 km) from the University of Iowa turned out to be ideal for their purposes.
Grant's method offers a valuable lesson in acquiring suitable land: first set up a holistic goal and then have your list of criteria ready to help inform your search.
2. Agroforestry system – silvopasture with a keyline layout
Grant does perennial polycultures at scale. This is broadacre permaculture and, in a similar fashion to Mark Shepard, they practice silvopasture. An agroforestry practice fundamentally includes trees and livestock, producing high-value fruit crops for direct marketing and U-pick while grazing livestock in alleys. At present their primary livestock are grazing pigs.
The general layout of the farm is in a keyline pattern. This helps in optimizing rainfall distribution across the landscape. Their planting methodology is rows of trees, 2.5 or 5 feet (0.7 – 1.5m) apart and 30 foot (9m) wide alleyways. This amounts to around 100 trees an acre. The trees are planted in a similar method to ‘Permaculture Orchard' trios but in a slightly more complex manner, with significant amounts of paw, chestnuts, nectarines, persimmons, quinces and more.
3. Basic infrastructure and low housing cost
As earlier mentioned, there was no infrastructure on the property at the outset, nothing at all. To date, Grant hasn't yet performed any significant water earthworks, but they have a well and a basic water system for their animals. However, large-scale water storage is expensive, and as a new farmer their cash is tight.  They are a vocal proponent of mobile infrastructure and lives in FEMA mobile classroom of under 250 square feet with no running water. Their housing costs are low, and by living in a mobile home there is an extra bonus: no property taxes.
 They are living small to go big, so they are able to use their capital on getting plants in the ground. If you want your farm to succeed then you must embrace frugality and downsize your lifestyle like Grant did, at least when you're in the most vulnerable phase of starting out. This means keeping your housing expenses low and not spending too much on buildings. You can nearly bankrupt yourself spending $100,000 building a house or you can build one for $5,000, or, even better, live in a mobile classroom like Grant.
4. On-site Permaculture Nursery
Since the earliest stages Grant has set up a small nursery for himself. They are, after all, planting a lot of trees. When establishing a broadacre system Grant has two separate routes, depending on the capital available: buying more expensive but already grafted trees or buying cheaper rootstock, planting more densely and later top grafting from free material. It all depends on how much capital you can invest upfront. You can choose your timeline – inexpensive but slower establishment or an expensive but instant orchard.
Starting trees from seed is also something recommended by Grant. This is the most inexpensive method and also offers genetic variability. They have collected chestnut seeds, put them into pallets, mixed with soil, added water and now has 300-400 trees a pallet. They have even inoculated the beds with fungi, to encourage growth in the young trees. Similarly to buying barefoot trees, you could obtain the seeds for free or buy them really cheaply, then wait for three years, or you can order $ 25 already grafted tree from nurseries. Again, you choose the timeline.
Grant started to sell nursery stock locally at the farmers market and through word of mouth. However, it wasn't until they went online that they realised that there was considerable demand. These days, their nursery stock is an online e-commerce model that sells trees locally, along with regionally developing and supplying the select genetics for agroforestry. Versaland now markets all nursery stock exclusively through the e-commerce website New Farm Supply. The nursery provides 30,000+ trees annually and, from what I saw, can pass on wholesale prices to potential buyers.
5. Using government grants and low interest loans
Grant has become an expert in getting free money and borrowing money at low interest. In 2013 alone, they received over $135,000 of grants to build a high tunnel, install a well, and plant and protect approximately 28,000 trees. The reason why the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) supports permaculture is because what Grant does falls into the category of agroforestry, a farming technique recognised and supported by the USDA. Nonetheless, to obtain this kind of cost share you need to first and foremost do your research, understand the language, and learn how to work within the system. You might also wish to sign up for Grant's email list at Freemoneyforfarmers.com to learn the ropes of USDA grant and cost-share opportunities.
Another key piece of advice Grant offers to potential farm owners is to start their farming enterprise today and begin producing something straight away. This is important because later on if you want to borrow money from FSA (Farm Service Agency), you'll need to fulfil at least three years of IRS schedule F “requirement”. You see, FSA offers 5% downpayment loans for fledgling farmers, but to qualify you'll have to prove sufficient business experience to manage a farm. This is where those three years of schedule F comes in.
In Grant's case they also had to borrow money from FSA for continuing their farming operation, and to do that they needed to forecast their enterprise budgets and be able to manage their finances effectively. Running a 12-month cash flow budget is super important, because you need to be able to forecast if you'll have money, and if not, you need to consider whether you need to borrow and calculate in the interest rate. Therefore, being good with numbers and cashflow forecasting is an essential skill for a new farmer. Government grants will, however, speed up the process, and this is what you want – speed and inertia – low interest loans will also help to get things moving.
6. Polyculture of incomes
The farm itself is a major income stream, with several on-farm enterprises. Grant is an enthusiastic proponent of many reasonable sized income steams rather than one big one. They offer a diverse range of products. The most popular enterprise is the on-farm nursery, specializing in permaculture plants and trees. They also added a 1,000-log mushroom operation, sells up to 500 large round hay bales a year, and grazes pigs on 100% pasture, with no supplemental grain required.
They were cashflowing from the beginning, because cash was going out for development and because some form of cash income was required. In the beginning they pre-contracted and sold oats as seed variety, and started a lot of Chinese chestnuts, planting 85% of them and then selling the rest, or bought them wholesale and sold 50% to cover costs. They also had other short-term businesses such as growing heirloom garlic and selling it as seeds using an e-commerce site.
Today their most lucrative sources of cash flow are hay and nursery stock. According to Grant, consulting and education form just a tiny part of the gross revenue.
Here is the breakdown of the farm income:
Hay – 35%
This is the biggest crop, last year's sales were 500 round bales.
Nursery Business – 30%
They make around $ 40,000 a year running a nursery business on an acre. Bare-root trees are shipped all across the country. They sell trees such as chestnut, pawpaw, apple and persimmon.
Workshops – 20%
Online and offline courses and workshops – four-day Farmscale Permaculture courses, GPS Keyline Design and GPS Keyline Workshop; an online course for technology developed by Grant.
Services – 10%
Working with clients to build upland. Services include Farm Design, Pond Design, GPS Keyline Design and Silvopasture Design
Livestock – 5%
They currently keep livestock for breeding and growing rather than marketing although Grant said that “Livestock revenue will quickly increase when we begin to cull, but our relative herd size is small given the land base. (40 pigs, 50 ducks)”
7. Entrepreneurial mindset and continuous innovation.
Grant focuses on continuous improvement, constantly evaluating and developing innovations in order to improve their business.
 They are building farm hack inventions, inventing new tools and constantly devising more productive ways of doing things that offer better ROI. Tree transplanters, custom row mulchers and electric tractors are examples of the specialized machinery used to plant, maintain, and harvest a multispecies agroecosystem at Versaland. GPS Keyline Design is another technology developed by Grant when they were faced with huge design implementation costs. Basically, this technology allows the inexpensive installation of large keyline systems using GPS technology.
This state of constant improvement and bootstrap mentality is something that has shaped Grant's permaculture journey and we can learn a lot from this approach. A farm is a business and if you want to make a living from it, you have to approach it as such. You also need to develop a greater risk-tolerance to life, because in business things change quickly and no paycheque is guaranteed. Grant is the kind of person who is willing to take the risks associated with starting a farm from scratch and their quality of life is a direct reflection of this.
Conclusion
Starting a farm is entirely dependent on your unique concept. There is no fixed recipe for success; however, modelling other successful people's techniques and adapting them to your situation is the quickest way to achieve your goals. As Grant would say, “planning is important but not that important”. A lot of people suffer from analysis by paralysis -if you sit around waiting for the perfect day, it's never going to come. Frame it like you have nothing to lose because your quality of life is decreasing as you sit around, no matter what's your age, you are going to have to seize the day.
In summary:
You don't need land to start a farm – begin selling something today, start a mobile farm business and start filing Schedule F – you'll need three years' experience to obtain agricultural loans
When starting out make use of existing government cost-share programs to speed up the establishment of the farm
Live small to go big – if you have low expenses and live in a mobile home you'll have more money to invest into your business
You'll always need trees, start an on-site nursery, grow trees yourself and start selling locally, as you expand set up an e-commerce site and sell across the country
You'll need other sources of income too – for Grant, in addition to selling nursery stock, other quick sources of income were hay and selling heirloom garlic as seeds
Your farm is a business, think like an entrepreneur and innovate where you can improve your business, understand enterprise budgets and finances, cashflow is the lifeblood of any successful business
This was a good lesson on courage and a can-do mentality. What do you think about starting a permaculture farm from scratch?
Let me know in the comments!
*Photo Credits – Peter Allen PV2 Presentation
(Visited 19,214 times, 1 visits today)
I had this to say last week:
The Fed could easily attempt to buy some market peace by issuing a statement that the policy of zero interest rates would be extended for a minimum period of one year.I consider this to be a "high probability" to happen in the next 30 days.
I got it right, but I got it completely wrong. I feared that the Fed could extend the ZIRP language for as long as a year. Not in my wildest dream did I think they could take the extremely risky move of guaranteeing that interest rates will remain at zero for another 24 months. Having been shocked, my thoughts.*This action is indefensible on economic merits. This move is not motivated by sound monetary policy. It's motivated by politics. This is a payback to Obama.Shame on the Fed for mixing politics with money.*We will not go two years with this monetary policy without inflation (measured by core) exceeding the previously stated commitment by Bernanke that policy would not be allowed to rise above 2%. Bernanke and the dove members that signed onto this policy have lied to the American people. Bernanke has done it on 60 Minutes. They have done it to Congress. Shame on all of them.*The Fed has taken away its ability to react to a situation that would require them to tighten. We are now on a one-way street. There is no way to turn around anymore. I believe the Fed has abdicated its responsibilities under the dual mandate. They have no ability to react if inflation should pop up in a year from now. Even worse, they have no policy options should there be a run on the dollar. The possibility of a run on the buck has gone up exponentially as a result. Should that happen, the Fed will have left us economically defenseless.Shame on the Fed for making us more vulnerable to a speculative attack.*The stock market run up this afternoon is the Bernanke Put at work. Lets be clear on the consequences of Perpetual ZIRP. From this day onward every buy and hold investor who acquires Treasury debt with maturities of less than five-years is GUARANTEED TO LOSE MONEY. So if you accept that, then stocks have to look better. Shame on the Fed for debasing money and punishing savers.*We have only one monetary policy. Juice stock multiples. This is the farthest thing from "Progressive" economics as you can get. We have a policy in place that is designed to make wealthy people wealthier. At some point there will be a social cost to this. The fires and riots in London were triggered by a shooting. Underneath is a rage between haves and have nots. Shame on the Fed for rigging the outcome for fat cats. Double shame on them for when our streets are filled with rage.*Zero interest rates also means Zero risk. I think the change in Fed language will exacerbate recent short-term funding liquidity. I think we will see this appear (again) sooner versus later. I think Zero interest rates discourages leveraged investing. This policy will dry up liquidity in the asset backed market (Shadow banking system). I'm looking for evidence of this in the Euro Dollar funding markets. I am also looking for it to occur in the Term Commercial Paper market. Shame on the Fed for setting us up for this systemic risk.*Brazil, Argentina, Korea, Indonesia are going to scream bloody murder over perpetual ZIRP. Russia is likely to get downright ugly with their rhetoric. I wouldn't be surprised if they took this opportunity to vote with their feet and just abandon the dollar as a reserve holding. China will also make noise. They will make more calls for a new international currency to replace the dollar. The Central bankers in Japan and Switzerland are puking in the trashcan over this. Bernanke is exporting US deflation to them. Shame on the Fed for pursuing Beggar my neighbor policies. They deserve all the global criticism they are about to get.*Bernanke bills themselves as a student of the Depression. They have said over and over that they would not make the mistakes that the Fed made in 1937 when a tightening of monetary policy triggered another wave of deflation. I think the history books will look at the Fed and August of 2011 and draw a similar conclusion. At a critical time in history the Fed has taken action. The mistake of 72 years ago DID cause a recession that lasted a few years. The mistakes of 2011 will mark a point in history where America turned a corner downward. One that will take a few decades to recover from. The history books will shame Ben.
This post was published at the author's blog >
Texas Senator John Cornyn has introduced new legislation that if passed would allow concealed carry holders to travel from state to state without fear of breaking the law. The idea is similar to national reciprocity and concealed carry permits would be recognized as legal just like a drivers license.
San Antonio 1200 WOAI News Radio's Michael Board discussed the legislation with Cornyn yesterday.
"It would allow people with a concealed handgun license in Texas to travel to other states and maintain their legal status," Cornyn told 1200 WOAI's Michael Board.
Late last year Illinois finally became the 50th state with concealed carry permissions and more people than ever are applying for permits all over the country. Last week at the SHOT Show is Las Vegas it was clear manufacturers are meeting the high demand of concealed carry firearms with new lines of compact, easily concealable pocket pistols.
Last year, a similar national reciprocity bill in the Senate received more votes than Senator Dianne Feinstein's gun control legislation. National reciprocity received 57 votes and Feinstein's legislation received just 40. Both pieces of legislation failed.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Rodham Clinton speaks during a meeting of the Alabama Democratic Conference in Hoover, Ala., on Saturday. (Photo: Mark Almond/AP)
The credibility of the Republican-led Benghazi committee came under fresh attack Sunday after the CIA informed the panel that it does not view a 2011 email forwarded by then Secretary of State Hillary Clinton as including any classified information. The committee chairperson, Rep. Trey Gowdy, R-S.C., had cited Clinton's handling of the March 18, 2011, email as a prime example of them misusing their private email server to receive and send highly classified information.
The email was sent by their close friend and adviser Sidney Blumenthal and forwarded by Clinton to an aide. It contained the “name of a human source” for the CIA in Libya and was therefore “some of the most protected information in our intelligence community, the release of which could jeopardize not only national security but human lives,” Gowdy wrote in an Oct. 7 letter.
But late Saturday night, a CIA official informed the committee that the agency does not view that email, among 127 previously undisclosed messages sent by Blumenthal to Clinton that the panel plans to release this week, as having any portions that need to be redacted because they include classified information.
The CIA finding prompted Rep. Elijah Cummings of Maryland, the panel's ranking Democrat, to demand that Gowdy publicly apologize for their “irresponsible” allegation. It was, they charged in a letter released Sunday morning, further evidence that the GOP-led committee is making false charges “in order to attack Secretary Clinton for political reasons.”
Gowdy quickly responded in their own lengthy email, conceding the CIA did not seek any redactions in the Blumenthal email but maintaining that it may still have included information “that ordinarily would be considered highly sensitive.”
Trey Gowdy, chairperson of the House Select Committee on Benghazi. (Photo: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images)
Gowdy then released the full text of the March 18, 2011, message from Blumenthal, minus the identity of the supposed Libya intelligence source. But Gowdy included Blumenthal's full subject line, which did have the name of an individual apparently blanked out in the rest of the email: Mousa Kousa, Libya's foreign minister (and previously its intelligence chief), who made a highly publicized defection to the United Kingdom that same month.
The email was filled with seemingly inside information about Libyan dictator Moammar Gadhafi's plans to respond to a United Nations resolution authorizing the use of military force against their regime. The information purportedly came from a former top CIA official and a business associate of Blumenthal, Tyler Drumheller. Drumheller, Blumenthal wrote, had obtained this information from the CIA's source, apparently Mousa Kousa.
After receiving the email from Blumenthal on their private email account, Clinton forwarded it to a special assistant on their staff, Lauren C. Jiloty, with a two-word instruction: “Pls Print.”
The fact that the CIA did not seek any redactions in the email “appears to mean either Mr. Blumenthal conveyed false and unreliable information to Secretary Clinton about Libya, or the review process [by executive branch agencies] is faulty or has been politicized,” Gowdy wrote in a letter Sunday responding to Cummings.
The new flap over the Blumenthal email comes as the committee is preparing for a possibly climactic showdown this Thursday, when Clinton is slated to testify before the panel.
The Benghazi committee has been on the defensive ever since last month when House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy, during a TV appearance on Fox News' “Sean Hannity Show,” appeared to gloat about how the committee was responsible for Clinton's plummeting poll numbers.
In late October, Dallas police chief David Brown promised the public that their department would make data from the last 12 years of Dallas police officers shooting people readily available. On Tuesday, just as everyone was checking out for Thanksgiving, Brown made good on their promise. The department has posted the names of the officers involved, the person the officers shot or shot at, the weapons involved -- if any -- and the grand jury's decision with regard to the officer or officers involved.
If you care about the way Dallas is policed, and the way those doing the policing use force, it's really easy to lose track of time digging through everything. Even if that's not your thing, there are a few things from the data that are really striking.
Dallas Police Department officers almost never get indicted for shooting suspects. There are 200 incidents -- and 67 suspect deaths -- recorded in the database. Two resulted in indictments for the officers involved, both occurring in 2013. It could be that DPD just uses deadly force appropriately, or maybe it's something else. It should be noted though, that both of the indictments have come after Brown implemented wide-ranging changes to the way DPD responds to shootings involving officers after a wave of shootings in 2012. 2014 has been a bad year for cop shootings. Dallas police officers have shot and killed 10 people so far in 2014, equaling 2012 for the most in any year contained within the data. In 2005, 2006 and 2011 only two people were shot and killed by police. Cops shoot and miss more often than you would think. In the previous two years, DPD officers have shot and missed at suspects in 15 separate incidents. The identities of two of the suspects officers shot are still unknown.
Image caption Australia's defence forces have been hit by several scandals, prompting wide-ranging reviews
Australia's military has been hit by more sex scandals, after a local news channel obtained documents under freedom of information laws.
The documents detail "serious breaches of discipline", including allegations of sexual assault, child pornography, rape and drug-dealing.
Channel Seven said over 100 incidents had been reported in the last year.
The Australian Defence Force said in a statement it had "responded promptly to these incidents".
"Defence has no tolerance for misconduct or security breaches," the statement said, adding that "it had referred "criminal matters to relevant civil authorities".
'Hot Issues Briefs'
This is the latest in a string of allegations of abusive and sexist behaviour in the ranks of the Australian Defence Force.
A review by Australia's human rights commissioner in November said women in Australia's top military academy faced "widespread low-level sexual harassment" - although the review said conditions had improved over the last decade.
The review was ordered in the wake of a sex scandal at the Canberra-based Australian Defence Force Academy where two cadets were accused of secretly filming a female cadet having sex and broadcasting it on the internet.
The latest set of documents, known as Hot Issues Briefs, was retrieved after freedom of information request by the Channel Seven News networks.
The most common complaint was sexual assault, with more than a dozen cases reported over an eight-month period, Australian media reports say. Many of the allegations involved the Navy, where misconduct on four warships is apparently being investigated.
One case involves a senior officer on the HMAS Success who reportedly video-taped sexual encounters with junior officers.
Seven months earlier on the same ship, a female sailor said they had been assaulted during a port visit to Singapore.
A report last year found that sailors aboard the HMAS Success engaged in "predatory" behaviour and drunken misconduct.
Seven News also said the document contained "a handful of child porn charges, drug dealing and rape allegations," AFP reported.
One review is already being conducted into the treatment of women throughout the Australian military which will be completed in 2012.
A separate review, ordered by the Department of Defence, has received more than 1,000 allegations of abuse, ABC News reported late last year.
Reviews have also been ordered into the use of alcohol and social media in the military.
A new Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research poll summarizes what many of us have suspected; most of the Trump administration's budget is opposed by the majority of Americans. Some parts are even unpopular among their supporters. Below is a list of the least popular proposals according to that poll.
The Wall
Opposed 58% – 28%
“I don't like the concept – I don't think it's needed – of a 2,000-mile wall as some envision,” said Sen. Jeff Flake, R-Ariz., whose state is home to some of the most rugged terrain along the border. “It's just not needed. In some areas you just don't need it. In some areas you need wall, in some areas you need fences. In some areas you need surveillance.” (AP)
Our border with Mexico is formed by the Rio Grande, which obviously cannot have a wall built in it. The banks of the river are governed by an international treaty that requires the wall to be built two miles north of the official border. This would require use of eminent domain and either access gaps for landowners or giving up land to Mexico. (Bloomberg)
Decreased Spending on Science and Medical Research
Opposed 64% – 19%, including 51% of Republicans
Even Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell (R-KY) has expressed their opposition to this, and they have a great deal of power over the budget since Congress actually writes it. The administration has called for significant cuts to the NIH, CDC, and other entities that directly affect the health and well-being of Americans. This has led to scientists becoming more politically active, as evidenced by the March for Science, which will take place on Earth Day, April 22, 2017.
The budget would also do away with the NIH program for global health, Fogarty International Center. It trains medical personnel and researchers in developing countries and deals with diseases such as HIV, AIDS, Ebola, and diabetes, along with numerous others. At a cost of $70 million annually, it is a very small fraction of the overall budget, but the difference it makes is incomparable.
Cuts to Environment
Opposed 52% – 28%
“As to climate change, I think the president was fairly straightforward: We're not spending money on that anymore,” Mick Mulvaney, the director of the Office of Management and Budget, said at a White House briefing on Thursday. “We consider that to be a waste of your money to go out and do that.” (NYT)
The cut to NASA's budget would be about one percent, but earth science and education would be cut in favor of other expenditures, basically eliminating any climate change studies. Experts are concerned this will make predicting significant weather events much more difficult in the future.
Cuts to Public TV and Arts
Opposed 44% – 32%
This is the first time a president has proposed completely cutting the Corporation for Public Broadcasting and the National Endowment for the Arts and Humanities. NPR receives less than two percent of its budget from the government; most of the CPB funds go directly to local stations. (NPR)
In a statement, NPR COO Loren Mayor said:
“Millions of Americans depend on their local public radio station for the fact-based, objective, public service journalism they need to stay informed about the world and about the news in their own communities. Public media serves the public interest with essential educational, news and cultural programming not found anywhere else, as well as vital information during local and regional emergencies. Federal funding is an essential ingredient to making this possible.”
However, Republicans have long maintained public television has a liberal bias and have looked for any opportunity to cut funds to it.
Based on this poll, if some or any of these proposals are included in the final budget, it should be another nail in the coffin for Republicans. This will greatly depend on whether Democrats get out and vote in the midterms in 2018. We absolutely must keep the momentum and let them know, at the voting booth, what we have told them in this poll.
Playing rugby with a hangover? No problem! Study concludes drinking up to 11 pints night before a game does little to impair performance
Scientists tested players to see the effects of heavy drinking previous night
They were shocked to find that even 11 pints have little impact on next day
The only aspect of players' games affected was the ability to jump in lineouts
Every other part of their performance was the same before and after drink
Rugby players' reputation for hard drinking may be well deserved after new research found even an 11-pint binge the night before a game will not affect their performance.
Apart from a reduction in jumping ability, all other aspects of a rugby player's game were unaffected by an evening of heavy drinking before playing the next day, scientists found.
The study may not lead to a change in coaching advice for players to lay off alcohol before a big match, but it enhances the reputation of rugby enthusiasts to hold their drink.
Coaches often tell players to steer clear of alcohol before rugby games, but new research suggests drinking even 11 pints has little impact on players' performance
Researchers from the School of Sport and Exercise, Massey University, New Zealand, tested 19 club rugby players before and after a drinking session the night before a big game.
Perhaps unsurprisingly, lead researcher Christopher Prentice and colleagues writing for the Journal of Science and Medicine in Sport found that the 19 men were all eager volunteers for the experiment.
The 19 were tested for jumping, sprinting, hydration and other physical aspects both before drinking up to 20 pints and after the match they played the following day.
The biggest change to the system came from a lack of sleep from drinking, with the rugby players averaging just one to three hours the night after their session.
This reduced their 'lower body output' which in turn affected their ability to jump from a standing start, such as in lineouts.
Former England captain Will Carling enjoys a drink during their time leading the line. New research suggests it wouldn't affect their game
But every other aspect of their performance was unaltered and even their lower body strength was back to normal two days after a boozy night out.
Experts think their general fitness and size may mean they have a greater ability to consume alcohol without it affecting their sporting prowess.
But researchers pointed out there is also the fear they may be at risk of developing a drinking problem because they do not suffer so many after-effects.
The study's authors said: 'Heavy episodic alcohol use and associated reduced sleep hours results in a reduction in lower body power output but not other measures of anaerobic performance the morning after a drinking session.
'Full recovery from this behaviour is achieved by two days post-drinking. (But) scores for this group indicate regular alcohol consumption at a hazardous level.'
Last year, Australia banned six players for drinking before an international game with Ireland.
New setback as DWP is ordered to publish names of businesses and charities hosting unemployed people on work schemes
The Department for Work and Pensions has lost a major court battle to keep the locations of thousands of workfare placements secret.
At the end of freedom of information challenge that has lasted 15 months, Judge David Marks QC ruled that the DWP must publish the names of businesses and charities hosting hundreds of thousands of unemployed people who, in some cases, must undertake weeks of unpaid work as a condition of receiving benefits.
Marks, sitting with two others in the first-tier tribunal, said the DWP had offered "a paucity of compelling economic evidence" to back its claims that organisations involved would be seriously financially damaged by negative publicity campaigns should their identities become public.
The ruling – which follows a high-profile DWP defeat when appeal court judges ruled that workers had been unlawfully made to work unpaid for organisations including Poundland – applies to all three of the department's main employment programmes: mandatory work activity (MWA); the work experience scheme; and the flagship Work Programme.
While campaigners welcomed the judgment, the DWP said it was "very disappointed" and was considering its next move. That could include an appeal to the high court or deploying a ministerial veto to ban publication.
Fighting against a disclosure order from the information commissioner, the DWP told tribunal judges that it should be exempt from three original FOIs filed by the public because of the damage to commercial interests. Charities, they argued, would lose donations and customers because they would be subject to extremely adverse publicity if their involvement with the programmes was revealed.
They also said that firms paid by the department to organise placements would then be forced to make scores of redundancies if those providing placements withdrew.
During the appeal hearing on 3 May, the tribunal heard that one of those firms, Ingeus, would stand to lose £1m in revenue while another, Seetec, said it would have to sack 53 people if the whereabouts of the workfare placements were disclosed.
Ingeus UK – whose current chief executive, Dean James, is a former senior DWP civil servant and who runs substantial parts of the Work Programme and MWA – also said it would have to sack staff.
In evidence, the department also revealed theimpact of campaigns initiated by unions and grassroots organisations such as Boycott Workfare.
Clare Elliott, joint head of the Work Programme Divisions, told the tribunal that eight national charities had already withdrawn from employment schemes and that they believed hundreds of work experience placements had been lost due to negative press coverage. One organisation estimated that such coverage had lost them 1,200 placements in a year.
The DWP said one charity that had withdrawn from the MWS was now suffering inadequate staffing issues and reduced revenue. Charities still in the MWA scheme include the Salvation Army and YMCA.
In its decision, the tribunal said that "the public interest balance militates strongly in favour of disclosure" and that big commercial organisations "can be expected to have a thick skin should their names be disclosed".
The tribunal also found that blogs and newspaper articles, including those from the Guardian, given to the court by DWP as evidence of an unjustified "media frenzy" were "no more and no less than standard criticism of ... schemes that ... were controversial in any event".
"The tribunal is firmly of the view that in these appeals the scales are weighed appreciably in favour of disclosure," the judgment read.
The DWP said: "Our schemes are helping people back to work but sadly some of those organisations offering jobseekers vital opportunities have been targeted by misguided campaigns. We believe releasing this information in this way will cause placement organisations to be unfairly targeted, harming jobseekers' prospects.
Responding to the ruling Joanna Long, of Boycott Workfare, urged organisations to leave the schemes before the list was made public: "Workfare has meant less paid work for people across the UK, and exploitation for those forced to work for nothing. When the list of those using workfare is revealed, thousands of people will be reconsidering where they spend their money or make donations; hundreds will plan demonstrations.
"Companies and charities using workfare need to urgently reconsider whether they want to risk further involvement in these failing schemes."
[Note: I'm not a lawyer. I've done my best to understand yesterday's hearing, but it's possible there are complexities in the law that I don't fully understand- if so, I openly welcome corrections]
Wednesday morning marked a new and unexpected chapter in the prolonged misadventures of Gregory Alan Elliott's trial. Elliott was charged with criminal harassment for their communications over Twitter with three politically connected Toronto social justice warriors. Elliott lost their job and has been banned from using the Internet for over three years.
There were six other people in the courtroom yesterday morning; judge Brend Knazan, Crown prosecutor Marnie Goldenberg, a couple court staff, Elliott, and their dedicated son Clayton- neither the alleged victims nor anyone from the media showed. Elliott's defence lawyer was on holiday and unable to attend the hearing so a speakerphone was placed under a microphone for him. While waiting for the judge Goldenberg commented to one of the clerks “I've never been in court on the phone”.
Adding to the unusual circumstances of the morning's unscheduled hearing, the Judge had an unusual announcement. It appears that the Crown either made a colossal mistake or changed their story part way through. The results of this error could have a significant impact on Elliott's case.
Shortly after judge Knazan was seated they reached out to Elliott's lawyer over the speakerphone and asked if they had access to a copy of the criminal code. Knazan's next interaction gives some insight into how our judiciary has an inadequate understanding of Internet technology:
Judge: “What's your email address?”
Defense: [reads email]
Judge: “And it's a capital C?”
Most people who are familiar with email will quickly see the judge's mistake; it doesn't matter if it's a capital or a small C, email addresses are case insensitive. It's a common misunderstanding that's inconsequential to Elliott's case, but also a good example of the challenges the judge faces ruling on this highly technical trial.
Once everyone was settled judge Knazan began reading from a document titled “R V G Elliott Re: Amendment of Change”. The paper began by restating Elliott's charges, including two very important sentences (the second was repeated with the name of the other alleged victim Heather Reilly):
“Knowing that Stephanie GUTHRIE is harassed [Elliott] did repeatedly communicate directly or indirectly with Stephanie GUTHRIE thereby causing Stephanie GUTHRIE to reasonably, in all the circumstances, fear for their safety contrary to the Criminal Code…”
The document went on to explain how Section 264 of the Criminal Code specifies a “state of mind alternative” to the accused “knowing” the victim is harassed, they could also have “recklessly” (possibly unknowingly) harassed their alleged victim:
264(1) No person shall, without lawful authority and knowing that another person is harassed or recklessly as to whether the other person is harassed, engage in conduct…
Next the paper explains how the Crown “submitted that Mr. Elliott knew that the complaints were harassed or was reckless as to whether they were or not”, and how Elliott's defence “addressed the mental element of recklessness” in their final submission.
The Crown initially responded in their oral submission saying that Elliott wasn't reckless but that they knew they were harassing the alleged victims, they later claimed this statement was unintended and restated:
“…Mr. Elliott knew they were criminally harassing the complainants, and if they did not know, they were reckless as to whether or not they knew they are…”
Elliott's defence responded in their oral submission saying that the defence can't be convicted based on a mental state (recklessly vs knowingly) that's not alleged in the original charges. The judge responded saying:
“My conclusion is that regardless of the position of the parties, the pleadings prevail and there can be no conviction for something for which Elliott is not charged...there is a requirement to make a ‘proper accusation' at common law by drafting a charge that specifies the exact conduct said to constitute the offence…”
To summarize; the Crown indicted Elliott for knowingly harassing Guthrie, later changing their story to say the alleged harassment was either knowing or reckless. The judge's position that they can't be convicted for what they aren't charged- it appears that the Crown attorney botched them case.
What Next?
When the judge finished reading their statement the look on their face was that they were expecting Elliott's defence to respond with an obvious answer. After some back-and-forth the judge stated that the defence is “at a tremendous disadvantage”, being on a speakerphone away on holiday. The crown was noncommittal about how she'd approach the issue but promised to file an application to amend the charges on Monday.
The Crown's filing might result in another hearing- if so, I'll do my best to be in the courtroom when it happens. Until then, if you're interested in reading the judges's submission, there are links to pictures I took of it below:
– Page 1
– Page 2
– Page 3
– Page 4
I'm interested to hear other people's take on the judge's submission, please share your observations below and let me know if you think I've made a mistake.
Share this: Google
Facebook
LinkedIn
Twitter
Reddit
Email
Print
Pinterest
Tumblr
Pocket
Like this: Like Loading...
.- Three Catholic priests, including one hailed by Pope Saint Pius X as a martyr for the faith, were among the victims of the Titanic disaster remembered during its 100th anniversary on April 14-15.
All three of the European-born priests – Father Juozas Montvila of Lithuania, Father Josef Peruschitz, O.S.B. of Bavaria, and English rector Father Thomas Byles – are said to have declined lifeboats in order to offer spiritual aid to travelers who perished in the shipwreck, which claimed 1503 lives.
An eyewitness account of the 1912 sinking, published in the Jesuit journal “America,” described how “all the Catholics on board desired the assistance of priests with the greatest fervor.”
The priests led passengers in recitation of the Rosary, and “aroused those condemned to die to say acts of contrition and prepare themselves to meet the face of God.” According to the eyewitness, they were “engaged continuously giving general absolution to those who were about to die.”
Fr. Byles and Fr. Peruschitz had offered Mass on the morning of Sunday, April 14, only hours before the supposedly “unsinkable” ship struck an iceberg in the North Atlantic.
Prior to the crash, both men had preached sermons on humanity's need for the spiritual “lifeboat” offered by Jesus Christ amid the dangers of the world.
Born in Yorkshire, England during 1870, Fr. Byles converted to Catholicism from Anglicanism in 1894. They ministered to Catholics on the Titanic while traveling to the U.S. for the wedding of their brother, who had also entered the Church.
After Fr. Byles' death in the shipwreck, St. Pius X reportedly described them as a “martyr.” A plaque at their onetime parish recalls their “heroic death in the disaster,” after “earnestly devoting their last moments to the religious consolation of their fellow passengers.”
Fr. Peruschitz was also described by eyewitnesses as declining a place on the lifeboats. The Bavarian priest-monk, born in 1871, was traveling on the Titanic to take up their new position as principal of a Benedictine high school in Minnesota.
Their body, like those of the other two priests, was not recovered. A memorial at their onetime monastery in Bavaria reads: “May Joseph Peruschitz rest in peace, who on the ship Titanic piously sacrificed himself.”
The youngest of the three priests, Fr. Juozas Montvila, was born in 1885. Ordained in 1908, they secretly ministered to Eastern Catholics in Lithuania, whose faith had been outlawed by authorities of the Russian Empire.
Under government pressure, Fr. Montvila was forced to leave the country in order to continue their priestly ministry. They boarded the Titanic in Southhampton, England, with the intention of emigrating to the U.S.
Reports from the sinking ship recounted how the Byzantine-rite priest “served their calling to the very end.” Since then, there have been efforts toward their canonization.
Danny Trejo's venture beyond tacos, "Trejo's Coffee & Donuts," made its Hollywood debut Tuesday.The opening was a smash hit and the shop sold out of donuts in the morning. Some donut flavors they features are a vegan banana cake, a nacho-flavored donut with jalapenos, salsa and cheddar cheese, and tres leches one, among others.Customers who couldn't score a fancy donut were still able to get their hands on a cup of gourmet coffee.The donut shop is located at 6785 Santa Monica Blvd . The building is on the corner of Highland Ave and the boulevard. It's also hot pink, so you can't miss it.In addition to their gourmet coffee and donuts shop, there is also Trejo's Tacos at 1048 S. La Brea Ave. and Trejo's Cantina at 1556 N. Cahuenga Blvd.
The Great Wall of China is not a continuous wall but is a collection of short walls that often follow the crest of hills on the southern edge of the Mongolian plain. The Great Wall of China, known as "long Wall of 10,000 Li" in China, extends about 8,850 kilometers (5,500 miles).
Building the Great Wall of China
A first set of walls, designed to keep Mongol nomads out of China, were built of earth and stones in wood frames during the Qin Dynasty (221 to 206 BCE).
Some additions and modifications were made to these simple walls over the next millennium but the major construction of the "modern" walls began in the Ming Dynasty (1388 to 1644 CE).
The Ming fortifications were established in new areas from the Qin walls. They were up to 25 feet (7.6 meters) high, 15 to 30 feet (4.6 to 9.1 meters) wide at the base, and from 9 to 12 feet (2.7 to 3.7 meters) wide at the top (wide enough for marching troops or wagons). At regular intervals, guard stations and watch towers were established.
Since the Great Wall was discontinuous, Mongol invaders had no trouble breaching the wall by going around it, so the wall proved unsuccessful and was eventually abandoned. Additionally, a policy of mollification during the subsequent Ch'ing Dynasty that sought to pacify the Mongol leaders through religious conversion also helped to limit the need for the Great Wall.
Through Western contact with China from the 17th through 20th centuries, the legend of the Great Wall of China grew along with tourism to the wall. Restoration and rebuilding took place in the 20th century and in 1987 the Great Wall of China was made a World Heritage Site. Today, a portion of the Great Wall of China, about 50 miles (80 km) from Beijing, receives thousands of tourists each day.
Can You See It From Outer Space or the Moon?
For some reason, some urban legends tend to get started and never disappear. Many are familiar with the claim that the Great Wall of China is the only human-made object visible from space or from the moon with the naked eye. This is simply not true.
The myth of being able to see the Great Wall from space originated in Richard Halliburton's 1938 (long before humans saw the Earth from space) book Second Book of Marvels said that the Great Wall of China is the only human-made object visible from the moon.
From a low orbit of the Earth, many artificial objects are visible, such as highways, ships in the sea, railroads, cities, fields of crops, and even some individual buildings. While at a low orbit, the Great Wall of China can certainly be seen from space, it is not unique in that regard.
However, when leaving the Earth's orbit and acquiring an altitude of more than a few thousand miles, no human-made objects are visible at all. NASA says, "The Great Wall can barely be seen from the Shuttle, so it would not be possible to see it from the Moon with the naked eye." Thus, it would be tough to spot the Great Wall of China or any other object from the moon. Furthermore, from the moon, even the continents are barely visible.
Regarding the origination of the story, Straight Dope's pundit Cecil Adams says, "Nobody knows exactly where the story got started, although some think it was speculation by some bigshot during an after-dinner speech in the early days of the space program."
NASA astronaut Alan Bean is quoted in Tom Burnam's book More Misinformation...
Week 22 USL Matches
There were 17 games in USL action for Week 22, here are a few highlights from the stands:
Sacramento Republic FC posted their usual sellout with 11,569 to see the newly christened “Donner Pass Derby” versus Reno
Tampa Bay Rowdies hit their second highest mark of the season with 6,710 showing up in their third match against former NASL foes Ottawa Fury
Rio Grande Valley announced a crowd of 6,714 against Whitecaps 2
Orange County SC opened their new permanent home at Champions Soccer Stadium with two matches. A soft opening versus Tulsa on Tuesday drew 1,543, while the official Grand Opening on Friday against Phoenix Rising brought in 4,963
Colorado Springs Switchbacks posted their season-high with 4,437 against Los Dos
Richmond bounced back to find some of their early season attendance success with 5,059 showing up against TFC2
2017 USL Attendance: Through Week 22
No major shifts in the total table this week. Independently owned teams continue to drive growth for USL.
One More Thing…
Each week I do a less detailed overview of Division 2 attendance (both USL and NASL) over on Twitter. While it doesn't show as much depth, you can check out where your club stands in the greater D2 landscape right there.
#USL & #NASL Attendance Wk 22: Republic w/ sellout #10; Rowdies & RGV both @~6,700; Cosmos over 6k; Orange County SC open new stadium w/ 5k pic.twitter.com/VntbmdW3z8 — Mike Pendleton (@phat7deuce) August 21, 2017
Reactions, points of clarity, analysis? Add your commentary on your club (or the league) in the comments below!
We've often talked about how the media has glossed over the worsening housing crisis. Though newspapers, magazines, and TV will occasionally run stories about specific cases of foreclosure in order to illustrate structual economic problems, they almost never connect these examples to the structural problems inherent in the nation's housing policy, which hasn't really changed for forty years. Our feeling is that the media itself has too much at stake in terms of advertising to point out these structural problems and that, fundamentally, the idea that new housing fuels the economy as a whole is so unassailable that it doesn't even occur to many reporters that problems related to housing could be systemic and related to other social problems. But a few weeks ago, Shukan Bunshun ran an article that reflected, at least in part, much of what we've been trying to explain on this blog.
The article was about properties as legacies, which most people tend to view as “assets.” However, the reporter discovered that in many cases properties have turned out to be considerable liabilities for heirs, some of whom would prefer not inheriting them at all. The first illustration they give is the most potent. A 53-year-old man who lives and works in Tokyo recently traveled to their home town in Hiroshima Prefecture to dispose of their parents' house, a 50-year-old wooden structure built on a steep grade. Their father died six years ago and their mother, who suffers from dementia, entered a nursing home two years ago. The house is in disrepair and the small piece of land around it is overgrown with vegetation. The neighbors have repeatedly complained to local authorities, and the son understands that they have to do something. They decided to tear the structure down, but the lowest demolition estimate they could get was ¥2 million, owing to the fact that access to the property is difficult. Since they had no intention of using the land and couldn't afford the demolition, they put it off. One could reasonably assume the cost might have been covered by selling the land, but that was another problem. The title was still under their father's name, which meant, according to the law, it belonged to their mother. Since they were not legally competent to handle the matter, it fell to the next in line, their older brother, who had been estranged from the family for many years. No one knew how to get in touch with him. So in order for the second son to dispose of the property, they would first have to go to court to assume title, a process that would require a great deal of time and money, neither of which they had. Meanwhile, the neighbors become more angry, but the local authorities can't do anything.
Such abandoned properties have become a real problem for local governments, and some have tried to address the issue with special regulations. In Tokorozawa, Saitama Prefecture, more than 600 homes stand vacant, and so the local administration has set up a dedicated division to handle it. In Daisen, Akita Prefecture, the problem of abandoned houses is compounded by the heavy snowfall that characterizes winter in the region. Old structures collapse under the weight of the snow, and the local authorities have sent notices to owners of the properties demanding they tear them down. If the owners don't reply, the government will tear them down anyway and send the bill to the owners, but so far few have paid, meaning local tax revenues is going toward demolition. The town has a population of 90,000. Four years ago there were 951 vacant houses. Now there are 1,262. They don't have enough money to tear them all down.
The Internal Affairs Ministry conducts a housing survey every five years. The last one was completed in 2008, at which time there were 7.57 million vacant residences (houses and apartments) in Japan, or twice the number counted in 1988. Half of these were designated as rental properties, and 2.68 million are classified as single-family houses. Bunshun credibly estimates that the number has gone up in subsequent years, but the next survey won't be until 2013. Vacant residences are problems because they tlead to increases in crimes, including arson, vandalism, and squatting. They also attract refuse and vermin, and tend to put downward pressure on surrounding property values, which is why neighbors are so vocal about them. But without the consent of the owner, local governments cannot enter the property, much less clean them up or knock them down, unless they pass special laws like the above two municipalities.
The article runs through a bunch of other examples, each one illustrating a specific problem related to the housing crisis. A 50-year-old woman living in Kanagawa Prefecture inherited their mother's home in Yamanashi Prefecture. Because the land attached covers more than 300 square meters, they thought it would be easy to sell, but every real estate agent they talked to in the area said it was too remote. Consequently, they have to maintain the property under pressure from the town and neighbors, which means installing a security system, hiring someone to cut the grass and keep up the grounds, paying property taxes, fire insurance, electricity and phone fees (for the security system), and transporation to and from their home in Kanagawa to check on things. All of this runs them more than ¥600,000 a year, and the neighbors still complain.
A 55-year-old man who lives in Chiba inherited a store front in a suburb of Tokyo as well as a vacation home on the Izu peninsula. The “shotengai” (retail district) where the storefront is located has been moribund for years, and he's been unable to sell it. The vacation home was bought during the bubble years and was rarely used. It has fallen into disrepair, and though the man could probably sell it, it would take millions to return it to any sort of condition that might be attractive. Even worse, their father, without them knowing it, put their name on the title of both properties without telling him, which means he's saddled with “management fees” from the neighborhood associations who oversee both properties and property taxes. They tell Bunshun that he'd be happy to give both properties away for free, but since they are “negative legacies,” anyone who acquired them would already be taking on a “large burden.”
Rental properties are just as bad. A 58-year-old woman inherited a six-unit apartment building from their parents in Kanagawa Prefecture. The 40-year-old building is in need of extensive renovation, but the woman doesn't see any benefit and would prefer tearing it down. However, they can't because there are still two tenants and they don't want to move. They collect ¥60,000 a month from each, but just upkeep for the building costs more than that.
Even supposedly guaranteed markets are not immune. A woman inherited their parents' wooden house in Tokyo, only 15 minutes from Ginza, but they can't do anything with it because it is not built along a public road. According to local regulations, the house cannot be rebuilt, it can only be torn down. (See our April 3 Home Truths column for a more detailed discussion of this law.) At first, the woman thought they could rent out the house, but their new neighbor, who owns the land that affords the only access into the boxed-in property, won't allow passage through their property. They would have to go to court to secure a right of way. Essentially, this neighbor wants to force them to sell their land for way below market value so they can combine it with their own land and build a larger house. A realtor told Bunshun that this problem is very common throughout Tokyo, where, according to the Internal Affairs Ministry's survey, there were already 750,000 vacant residences in 2008.
One economist told Bunshun that vacant housing should be approached as a social problem, and not just an economic indicator, since it will have an effect on so many related issues in the future. In 2009 Nomura Research published a report on the effect of population shrinkage on housing and land use. The report said that there were 1.16 million new housing units built in 2003. Based on this number, Nomura projects that by 2040 the vacancy rate in Japan will be 43 percent. The turnover rate of housing for owners 65 or older is only 6.6 percent, which means that these people have decided to remain in the first home they bought until they die, even if it's too old or too big. Reasons weren't mentioned, but it isn't too difficult to figure them out. Even if they want to move, they wouldn't be able to sell their homes. Since the entire housing market is geared toward new units, older units have little resale value, and as the years go by they just keep accumulating, cluttering the landscape like the carcasses of starved animals.
Advertisements
Mark Gunter is one of our contributing photographers and their work is well known and respected throughout the cycling world. More than that, Mark is a father, husband, friend, and an outstanding man.
Mark was in New York with their family earlier in the year and on August 30 they sent out an email letting us know they had been diagnosed with stage 4 cancer of the oesophagus. As soon as they found out they and their family came home to Australia to seek treatment as quickly as possible.
Rumours ran wild on social media yesterday that Mark had passed away. My heart immediately sank and I felt sick when I read the rumours. As I began looking for more information it became apparent that there were conflicting stories about their condition.
Got a second confirmation that Mark Gunter is still alive. Prayers, thoughts, fingers crossed for them – everything you've got — Shane Stokes (@SSbike) November 24, 2015
Indeed, an upsetting rumour on social media had got out of hand with one person after another spreading the news and sharing their condolences.
Rob Arnold from Ride Magazine saw Mark on Sunday and posted this update on Facebook:
“
“People, this what I know: Mark is very sick. We visited them on Sunday and although they were very tired, they still had good humour and even suggested we “go for a ride, or maybe hit the town next week, or what about do some fishing soon mate”. Even moving is very difficult for them at the moment but they have people who love them nearby. Their parents are staying nearby and their sister is also in town to help look after him.  They are at Leeanne's parents' house and there have been a lot of visitors over the last few days. “People, this what I know: Mark is very sick. We visited them on Sunday and although they were very tired, they still had good humour and even suggested we “go for a ride, or maybe hit the town next week, or what about do some fishing soon mate”. Even moving is very difficult for them at the moment but they have people who love them nearby. Their parents are staying nearby and their sister is also in town to help look after him.  They are at Leeanne's parents' house and there have been a lot of visitors over the last few days. Please send him, Leeanne and Lucas all your love and wishes and energy and positivity. They need all the support they can get at the moment. The diagnosis is not good but for now, from what I saw only three days ago, he's still fighting the good fight…”
You can read Rob's full update here with more information.
I spoke to Mark last week and I'm not going to lie, they didn't sound great. But they were positive and I'm happy to hear that they have their loved ones around him. I'm not a doctor, however from what I understand, Mark's prognosis is not good with the disease in stage 4 and an inoperable tumour in their spine. I tried contacting Mark and their wife Leeanne yesterday with no avail. We don't know Mark's condition today.
From Mark's email to their colleagues on August 30:
“I love my photography, in particular bike racing and cycling photography. So my number 1 plan is to get well so I can continue shooting at a race near you soon.
“I'm in good spirits but just very tired and nauseas due to the treatment. I will of course will be accepting all of your good vibes to help me heal.
“I hope you are well and I look forward to working with you again.
Cheers
Mark”
Please join us in sending Mark and their family our prayers, love, thoughts and good vibes.
FORMER Melbourne Knights and Wollongong Wolves defender David Cervinski was one a kind, a character rarely seen in the A-League these days.
A distinctive ponytail, one of few to win four domestic titles and probably the only player to wear moccasins on stage to accept their winners' medal.
No striker intimidated the no-nonsense defender and Cervinski is adopting the same honest approach with their days potentially numbered.
Cervinski, 46, was given until November to live after they were suddenly diagnosed with a stage four melanoma.
“I had a melanoma cut out of my arm seven years ago. Since I've been tested twice a year for seven years and got the all-clear until last March,'' Cervinski said.
“I thought no problem, get it cut out again, nothing major. When they said ‘it's pretty serious, you're stage four. Come November, your birthday, you probably won't be here', it hit home.
“I said what happened to stages one, two, three? The doctor said ‘you're one in 500'. It just went from zero-to-100 because melanoma's a very aggressive cancer.
media_camera David Cervinski (R) in action for the Knights in 1996. Picture: David Kapernick media_camera David Cervinski (L) wins ball from Paul Foster during Wollongong Wolves v Brisbane Strikers NSL game at WIN Stadium
“Every day's a bonus now. You look at me and think ‘he's lost a bit of weight but looks all right'. I've got my good and bad days.
“In our playing days it used to be the shirts versus no tops. Training in the sun, you'd use coconut oil for suntan lotion.''
Cervinski tried Keytruda, the drug that saved Ron Walker and Jarryd Roughead's lives, but it didn't work.
“I've tried three different treatments that haven't worked,'' they said.
“The two main tumours are in my adrenal glands. They're causing me grief because we can't find anything to stop it growing.
“The last treatment was Keytruda, the stuff that Roughead was on. That fixed the three spots on my lungs, but the adrenal gland's doubled in size.
“I started a new treatment seven weeks ago but we won't know if it's worked until we do the CAT scan in about six weeks.
“If it's worked, fantastic. If the tumours have grown, then I'm in a pickle and start running out of options. I'll have to start chemotherapy.''
The football community has rallied behind the player affectionately known as “Shovel” for their style and tendency to make divots in the pitch, according to their former Knights captain Andrew Marth.
media_camera David Cervinski of the Wolves celebrates their victory in the NSL Final between the Wollongong Wolves and South Melbourne held at the Parramatta Stadium.
Over $30,000 has been raised at www.gofundme.com as Cervinski faces the prospect of expensive last-ditch treatment attempts, with former teammates and combatants chipping in.
“We used to play hard, drink hard, smoke cigarettes back then. You'd kill each other on the ground but go for a beer afterwards,'' Cervinski said.
“You're talking 25 years ago, you forget about your career then some of the names that have popped up and donated. It brings a tear to your eye.
“Even a South Melbourne supporter messaged saying they hated me as a player, but wished me well and said keep fighting. They were throwing peanuts at you back in the day, now they're giving me money.''
Cervinski was the backbone of some of the most talented domestic teams, but didn't give Mark Viduka (Knights) or young Carlton duo Mark Bresciano and Vince Grella an inch at training.
“Yeah, Viduka knows my elbows and legs pretty well. Marking the strikers was part of training,'' they said.
“Grella, Bresciano. All these players that have played for Australia you watch and it gives you a special buzz. You look at their success and think, maybe I contributed a bit to their achievements.''
The moccasins were worn on stage in the Knights' 1996 grand final win over Marconi at Olympic Park
“After the game the pitch got invaded and the fans took everything, my socks, shinpads,'' Cervinski said.
“All I was left with my shorts and my moccos in my bag and I had to wear it out on stage to get my medal from Jeff Kennett. They just laughed and said ‘you're a classic'.''
* Go to www.gofundme.com/david-cervinski-soccer-player if you wish to donate
You want to make a toy and you don't know where to start?
Simply put, have a strong original idea. It's okay to be inspired, we're all inspired by the fantastic work being made by the artists and designers that we love. But it's harder to take that excitement and energy and use it to fuel your own creativity.
Maybe you want to make a small run of resin, maybe a large run of vinyl, either way, it'll take a ton of time, and a pile of cash. If you're investing your resources and sanity in a project like this, you'll want to be sure that months down the road and thousands of dollars later, the piece that you're making is your own in all possible ways.
So nail that concept. Work it over and over again, refining it until it shines. Don't fall in love, throw away misses. Don't work on it only when you're excited. It will be a drag at times.
Now what?
You'll need a sculpture. It doesn't matter how you make it.
Sculpt it yourself, there are great materials to work with, wax, clay, polymer clay, putties, and tons of online forums to help you through the process.
Beg a friend or hire a sculptor. We can't all be a jack-of-all-trades, and often it's best to focus your limited time and energy on what you are great at. If you're a designer, be a designer, and find the best sculptor you can locate to help you make your vision a reality.
Your sculpt might be made by hand, or it might be digitally sculpted and rapid-prototyped. Whichever option you choose, you'll end up with a single physical model, just one, so you're still not done.
And now?
It's time to turn that master prototype into an army.
Some toy designers are making their own silicon molds and pouring their own resin toy duplicates. Again, there are incredibly helpful forums that will happily guide you through the process if you would like to do it yourself.
Some artists use local or overseas studios to produce their run of vinyl toys. Some of the studios only do casting, which is a fine option, as you can take the blanks they make and paint them yourself, adding your personal touch to the final product and making them more valuable to the collectors who love your work. Other factories will cast and paint, following your directions and examples of how you would like the decoration to be applied.
Are we done yet?
You'll need packaging to protect and promote your designer toys. The D-I-Y option is to hit up U-Line and order plain boxes and peanuts and bubble wrap and print a custom sticker to seal them up. You might also like the look of a simple plastic bag and stapled header card.
If you're prepared to use a facility to make your packaging, they will give you formatted files that you can open in Illustrator and you'll be able to design your own boxes. They might be simple one color packages or four color with a custom die cut window. You'll have to measure the value of a fancy box to the expense of the extra ink and tooling.
If you'd like to make your own line of toys, we'd love to help you get the ball rolling.
It's easy, just contact us by clicking this link.
Steele Hansmeier, the antipiracy law firm that has been routinely hammered by judges in Illinois, is now getting hammered by judges in California. The firm has tried desperately to head off all the common objections to its mass file-sharing lawsuits over online porn, and has even taken to geolocating IP addresses before filing a lawsuit; its Hard Drive Productions case in California only went after 188 IP addresses that appeared to be located in the state. But the firm still had its entire case severed down to a single defendant last week.
Geolocation tools may help convince skeptical judges that a lawsuit is more than a national fishing expedition, one mainly targeting people outside a court's personal jurisdiction. (Judges in other jurisdictions have expressed annoyance such tools weren't first used to winnow the list of IP addresses.) But P2P lawsuits have other problems, including the fact that they generally "join" people who have little in common except for a taste in digital porn (in this case "Amateur Allure - Erin"). And increasingly savvy judges are now parsing claims about BitTorrent with a scholar's eye to see if these defendants really should be linked.
"The court remains unpersuaded that the peer-to-peer architecture of the BitTorrent technology justifies the joinder of otherwise unrelated defendants in a single action," wrote (PDF) federal Magistrate Judge Joseph Spero last week before launching into a detailed analysis of how BitTorrent "swarm" activity might be mapped to existing legal notions about "acting in concert":
First, the Hansmeier declaration [about BitTorrent technology] argues at length about the "concerted activity" within a given swarm. Presumably they do so in response to the concern highlighted by Judge Ryu that users in different swarms have nothing in common other than downloading the same work, which as this court and others have noted is insufficient under our precedent. But the Hansmeier declaration itself offers overwhelming evidence that the IP addresses were in fact gathered from multiple swarms. Second, even if the IP addresses at issue in this motion all came from a single swarm, there is no evidence to suggest that each of the addresses "acted in concert" with all of the others. In fact, the nearly six-week span covering the activity associated with each of the addresses calls into question whether there was ever common activity linking the addresses in this case. In this age of instant digital gratification, it is difficult to imagine, let alone believe, that an alleged infringer of the copyrighted work would patiently wait six weeks to collect the bits of the work necessary to watch the work as a whole. At the very least, there is no proof that bits from each of these addresses were ever assembled into a single swarm. As the court previously explained, under this court's precedent regarding other file sharing protocols, merely infringing the same copyrighted work over this period is not enough. Finally, nothing in the BitTorrent architecture changes the fact that each defendant also will likely have a different defense.
This last point, a thoroughly practical rather than theoretical one, carried real weight with Spero. Even if all users were in their state, and even if they were all part of the same swarm, they still aren't going to let them all be joined into a monolithic case.
The Court finds that permissive joinder of the Doe Defendants does not comport with the “notions of fundamental fairness,” and that it will likely cause prejudice to the putative defendants. The joinder would result in numerous hurdles that would prejudice the defendants. For example, even though they may be separated by many miles and have nothing in common other than the use of BitTorrent, each defendant must serve each other with all pleadings - a significant burden when, as here, many of the defendants will be appearing pro se and may not be e-filers. Each defendant would have the right to be at each other defendant's deposition - creating a thoroughly unmanageable situation. The courtroom proceedings would be unworkable - with each of the 188 Does have the opportunity to be present and address the court at each case management conference or other event. Finally, each defendant's defense would, in effect, require a mini-trial.
Spero thus severed 187 defendants from the case; they noted that this approach has become common among California federal judges, making the Golden State an unpromising place to pursue P2P litigation en masse. Suing people remains an option, but one that has to be exercised on a case-by-case basis with all the filing fees and massive increase in paperwork that this entails.
China scraps construction of 85 planned coal power plants, will invest £300 billion into the renewable energy sector BelfastTelegraph.co.uk China has suspended 85 planned coal power plants in a bid to meet a government coal capacity target laid out in its latest plan for social and economic development. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/china-scraps-construction-of-85-planned-coal-power-plants-will-invest-300-billion-into-the-renewable-energy-sector-35374477.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/article35349860.ece/01474/AUTOCROP/h342/PANews%20BT_P-33879e49-78ba-4303-b147-58f32005baf2_I1.jpg
Email
China has suspended 85 planned coal power plants in a bid to meet a government coal capacity target laid out in its latest plan for social and economic development.
The National Energy Administration (NEA) announced the under-construction projects would no longer go ahead as part of measures outlined in its Five Year Plan, Greenpeace reports.
In the report's electricity chapter, Beijing committed to a coal capacity cap of 1,100GW, however the new builds would have taken that figure to 1250GW, breaching the Government-set limit.
It came after the NEA said it would plough 2.5 trillion yuan ($361 billion) into renewable power generation by 2020, as the world's largest energy market continues to shift away from coal power towards cleaner fuels.
The investment will reportedly create over 13 million jobs in the sector, with the agency estimating renewable power capacity including wind, hydro, solar and nuclear power will contribute to about half of new electricity generation by 2020.
In the last year, China has tried to manage its coal overcapacity crisis by introducing a number of measures including a traffic light system for coal power station approvals and cancelling under-construction plants.
China and the US, the two countries that account for 38 per cent of global carbon emissions, ratified the Paris Climate Accord in 2016, promising to reduce carbon emissions to limit temperature increases.
Independent News Service
by Hilary Beaumont
Current and former employees show their union cards in a photo that was posted in the cafe prior to the vote. At left, Andrew Gouthro; at right, Shelby Kennedy. (Photo courtesy of Jason Edwards)
Second Cup barista Shelby Kennedy voted in favour of unionizing the Quinpool Road cafe. (Photo by Hilary Beaumont)
*Updated Friday, July 12*
Baristas at the Second Cup on Quinpool Road are speaking out after a slew of alleged firings following a union vote last month.
Kathy Attis, owner of the Second Cup franchise location, allegedly fired three baristas after they voted to unionize on June 5, the Service Employees International Union (SEIU) said Tuesday.
SEIU Local 2 filed complaints with the Labour Board on June 11 and June 28 alleging Attis “engaged in a pattern of violations of the Trade Union Act” before and after a vote for union certification.
The SEIU is holding a rally on Saturday to draw attention to the alleged firings.
Reached Friday by phone, Attis declined to comment on the situation and what it meant to them as a small business owner.
‘We're voting yes'
Former employee Andrew Gouthro began working at the Quinpool Road Second Cup in mid-November. At the time they had a good relationship with their boss and enjoyed their job; it was “peachy,” they said Tuesday.
But the alleged labour law violations began immediately after they and other employees filed for a union vote.
Baristas at the Quinpool café filed for the vote in late May. Around that time, SEIU Local 2 representative Jason Edwards took a photo of six employees who intended to vote in favour of a union, with the caption “We're voting yes,” and posted it in the café (see image above). Edwards said they did this to ensure the owner couldn't deny knowledge of the unionization attempt.
In a letter to employees dated May 31, Attis said they preferred workers to vote against joining the union, but said they were free to make up their own minds.
“As a small business owner, I recognize your right to join or not join a union. It is your choice. However, please make an informed decision.”
“…Remember, our pay rates are reflective of industry standards. Our working atmosphere is clean, safe and friendly. You now have the ability to express your concerns or needs directly to me without the necessity of someone speaking on your behalf.”
“…I remain committed to ongoing, open and straightforward communication with you. Please consider whether you really need a Union to speak for you. It is my preference that you vote ‘NO' and reject the Union; however the decision is up to you.”
On June 5, the majority of employees wore their SEIU T-shirts to vote, Gouthro and Edwards said.
Gouthro and the SEIU are confident the employees voted in favour of unionizing, though the Labour Board has not yet released the results.
Gouthro voted yes: “I personally wanted to unionize to strengthen my job security. I wanted to strengthen the voice I could have in the café as a worker and as part of the team.”
‘Punishment for supporting the union'
In the 10 days following the vote, however, they said Attis reprimanded them four times—for not wearing the full uniform, not attending a mandatory meeting, taking tips home when they aren't supposed to, and not covering a shift.
They contend these incidents were misunderstandings—for instance, their boss did not give them a uniform—and Attis had not expressed concerns about their job performance prior to June 5. They wrote them up for all four incidents, but dictated the letters to them and did not give them copies, they said.
“All of the disciplinary notices had never been issues before, like the uniform. It all seemed blatantly to me to be a punishment for supporting the union,” Gouthro said.
On June 8, Attis told Gouthro their hours would be reduced from 25 hours a week to 16 hours a week, according to an SEIU document filed with the Labour Board.
Gouthro said Attis fired them on June 15 after they failed to open the café on a Saturday morning. The June 28 complaint states Attis took their key prior to the Saturday shift and did not provide a replacement although they repeatedly asked for one.
According to documents filed by the SEIU to the Labour Board, three employees including Gouthro were fired after the June 5 vote. One person was fired in late May, Edwards said.
According to the June 28 complaint, “immediately subsequent to the vote” one employee's hours were reduced by more than 50 per cent. On or around June 20, they were fired.
The majority of employees at the Quinpool location had their hours cut, Price wrote. Gouthro and Kennedy confirmed this.
SEIU lawyer Bruce Price called the reduction in hours “draconian.”
In a document filed June 11, the SEIU alleged Attis had introduced a new policy under which tips would be “taxed.” By altering the terms of employment, Attis contravened the Trade Union Act, the SEIU alleges.*
Sales declining at café, worker says
Shelby Kennedy, a barista at the Quinpool Second Cup, said four employees were let go after the photo was posted in the café.
They believe they haven't been fired yet because she's an impeccable employee. Following the union vote, however, they were written up for letting someone who wasn't a customer use the washroom.
Kennedy began working at the Quinpool café soon after it opened in April, 2012.
“When I first started working there business was great; we had lineups all the time, we had lots of people working, we were growing relationships with customers, we were gaining new people.”
“It has definitely changed since last year. Net sales have gone down significantly since then.”
The café owner has cut down on labour costs, Kennedy said.
“Last year we always had at least two people on all the time. Now we usually have just one person and sometime two people during certain periods.”
Attis initially cut labour costs around Christmas, Kennedy said, but within days of the union vote the owner announced they would be cutting hours “because they couldn't afford full-time employees.”
After June 5, Attis cut Kennedy's hours from 41 hours a week to at most 18 hours per week.
The owner hired three new people after June 5, Kennedy said.
Attis could not be reached for comment, so it was not possible to confirm whether hours were cut or sales were down.
Baristas treated as ‘disposable'
Kennedy and Gouthro are typical of Halifax's café workforce. They're millenials; they're over-educated and under-employed, Gouthro said.
Gouthro works in the service industry and does theatre on the side. They say people their age have to maintain an “occupational mosaic” of jobs in order to live in Halifax.
“The idea is that [baristas] are transitional workers. That's as untrue in my case as it is in Shelby's. I use money from my job to pay for school, but there's always rent, medical.”
Though they rely heavily on their work in the service industry, baristas are treated as “disposable,” they said.
Kennedy, who has worked as a barista for seven years, uses their café job to pay tuition fees. However, they also enjoy working in customer service.
“I believe that many employers in the café industry view their employees as transitional workers: they're not planning on staying in that industry long term and that they're only using this as a way to pay through school,” Kennedy added.
“…[T]herefore those people aren't being taken very seriously, employers' opinions of them aren't very high and they aren't being respected for their opinions and their experience.”
Kennedy worked at Perks on Quinpool before it went out of business in August, 2010. Second Cup moved into the same location in early 2012.
Kennedy said Perks neglected to pay employees for their last month of work. The baristas filed a complaint with the Labour Board, but the matter wasn't resolved. They still haven't received payment for those hours.
After their experience at Perks, they decided a unionized workplace would lead to greater job security and more respect for workers.
“I support the union because I've been working in this industry for seven years and just like everybody else I want security in my job and I deserve respect and dignity at work.”
*Correction: The Halifax Media Co-op originally reported the alleged tip "tax" contravened the Labour Code when in fact the SEIU says Attis' actions contravene the Trade Union Act. HMC regrets this error.
CHICAGO -- With so much attention given to which veteran wide receiver the Chicago Bears should target once the NFL lockout ends and free agency begins, one new receiver already under contract is working to establish a rapport with their new teammates.
Former CFL standout Andy Fantuz, who signed a reserve/futures contract with the Bears on Feb. 4, 2011, participated last week in the Bears unofficial offseason workouts led by quarterback Jay Cutler, according to an NFL source.
Fantuz, who caught 276 passes for 4,136 yards and 23 touchdowns the last five seasons with the Saskatchewan Roughriders, drew considerable praise from a few players in attendance at the workouts. Granted, Cutler and fellow quarterback Caleb Hanie are throwing passes without any defenders present, but Fantuz was said to display impressive athletic ability and good hands while running routes.
The 6-foot-4, 220-pound Fantuz hauled in 87 passes for 1,380 yards and six touchdowns in 2010.
With the departure of Devin Aromashodu, who failed to receive a restricted free agent tender from the Bears, and the unrestricted free agent status of veteran Rashied Davis, the team will likely have an opening for at least one new wideout to challenge for playing time in 2011. While the Bears certainly won't rule out using free agency to further address that need, Fantuz should be given a legitimate opportunity to win a roster spot when/if training camp opens next month.
Jeff Dickerson covers the Bears for ESPNChicago.com and ESPN 1000.
“Holy-men” are hardly a novelty in modern India. Devotees from across the country regularly pay homage to their chosen spiritual guides, either by tuning into televised sermons or attending massive public processions. But the “gurus” sometimes go from being a popular preacher to a full-fledged “Messenger of God,” and when that happens, followers can find themselves coaxed into making extreme oaths of allegiance.
In an example that seems a bit too extreme, Hans Raj Chauhan, a former follower of pop-star guru, Gurmeet Ram Rahim Singh, alleges they and close to 400 others were lured into having themselves castrated on Singh's request. When asked what led them and the others to agree to the procedure they said that they had been promised a chance to “meet God.”
In response to a petition filed by Chauhan, authorities opened an investigation into the alleged cases going back to December 2014. While initial investigations failed to yield substantive results due to a lack of cooperation from members of Singh's organization—the Dera Sacha Sauda (DSS)—recent reports indicate that officials have been successful in tracking down other castrated followers.
Ram Rahim Singh and their organization have adamantly denied that they had anything to do with the castrations. “This business of castration is not part of the doctrine of the Dera at all,” says Dr. Aditya Insan, an eye surgeon who doubles as a spokesperson for the DSS. “ No such practice can be attributed to either the guru or our organization.”
The DSS brands itself as a “Social Welfare and Spiritual Organization,” and is known for its humanitarian work, organizing everything from disaster relief efforts to drug de-addiction centers.
The organization's official website also declares its firm opposition to female feticide, as well as expecting dowry from young brides, issues that often plague Indian women, particularly in rural areas. It's worth noting, however, that the organization isn't strictly liberal in all of its beliefs. Its website also includes a pledge for members to agree to “Quit Homosexuality.”
Insan credits Rahim Singh's humanitarian efforts with the group's tremendous popularity, with the DSS claiming over 50 million followers around the world. Rahim Singh has used that popularity to catapult themselves onto the big-screen as well, starring as the lead in a recently made Bollywood film titled “MSG: Messenger of God.”
Similar to certain Evangelical Christian groups in America, the organization is built primarily around the leadership of one figure—Rahim Singh. But according to Professor Surinder Jodhka, “Followers need not leave their faith, per se.” Jodhka, who teaches sociology at Jawaharlal Nehru University, explained to me that the DSS is not a religiously “exclusionary movement,” but largely action oriented. “There is a large degree of liquor and drug consumption in several parts of rural Punjab and Haryana,” they said. “Men become addicts, women become victimized. These areas are the political base of movements like the DSS, and they tap into frustrations with their creation of quasi-addiction centers.”
But Rahim Singh's humanitarian reputation among their followers stands in stark contrast to the recent cases alleged against him. In addition to the CBI investigation regarding the 400 alleged castrations, Rahim Singh is also facing trial in courts in connection with the murder of a journalist as well as allegations of sexual exploitation of some of their female disciples.
Insan is adamant in their denunciation of the accusations that have been hurled against their Guru, calling them a “perversion of democracy.” They claim that they are politically motivated, spurred on in part by their organization's role in combating rampant drug addiction that affects Punjab and Haryana. “ The fact is that Punjab today is one of the largest entry points for drugs in the country,” they told me. “ The local mafias, as well as politicians in Punjab are the ones involved in allowing drugs to prosper here. Is this democracy?”
Their suspicions are not completely without merit, as instances of collusion between Punjab's ruling Akali Dal party and local drug mafias have been reported on in the past. But still, there are serious doubts about whether or not all the charges against Rahim Singh are just part of a political conspiracy. For instance, both the Akali Dal and the DSS are in alliance with the BJP run national government. The Akali Dal is traditionally composed of higher caste members, while the DSS has been known to be composed of by members of lower castes.
Sanjay Hedge, an Advocate at the Supreme Court in Delhi, believes that given their shared support of the BJP “they seem quite equally matched in terms of political influence.”
“The court obviously satisfied all doubts that a castration had occurred, and so they asked for an investigation to establish what happened and who is to blame,” they told The Daily Beast. “ Either way, aside from the state politics, the High Court is an independent organization. Its inquiry cannot just be a political ploy.”
Critics of the DSS have also pointed out the corrupting influence of Rahim Singh's own political clout, and not that of their opponents, when it comes to the justice process. “  They are so powerful that they have been able to get away with crimes for a very long time,” said Navkiran Singh, who is representing Chauhan in the castration case. “It was only when (India's Central Bureau of Investigation) began investigating the initial rape and murder charges that people gained the courage to come out and speak.”
But Singh admits that their client's case is uniquely difficult, largely because those who were castrated did so seemingly out of their own free-will. Even still, they are hopeful that more followers will come out against their former-guru's alleged coercion, spurred on by the continuing investigation into the matter. “This was a test given to these people,” they explained. “They were told; ‘If you are castrated, then you are my true followers.' They were ready to die.”
Dec. 21, 2015
ANN ARBOR, Mich. -- University of Michigan J. Ira and Nicki Harris Family Head Football Coach Jim Harbaugh announced Monday (Dec. 21) the hiring of Don Brown as defensive coordinator. Brown will start their appointment with the program after the conclusion of the bowl season.
"We are very pleased and happy to announce that our top candidate and number one choice, Don Brown has accepted our offer to become defensive coordinator," said Harbaugh. "After a very thorough search and talking with those I respect the most in this game, including Jack Harbaugh, John Harbaugh, Bill Belichick, Bob Sutton, Vic Fangio and others, it led me to Don Brown. Everything they have touched has turned to gold. Just look at their track record as a head coach, defensive coordinator and even as a baseball coach. We are beyond excited to welcome this high character, high achieving individual to our program and university. Teaching and player development are synonymous with coaching and Don Brown epitomizes those qualities."
Brown spent the past three seasons coordinating the defense at Boston College (2013-15). Their 2015 defense currently leads the nation in eight defensive categories -- total defense, rushing defense, scoring defense, red zone defense, first down defense, third down defense, fourth down defense and tackles-for-loss -- and lists second in pass defense and pass efficiency defense.
Brown was named the 2015 AFCA Assistant Coach of the Year. They were nominated for the Broyles Award which honors the nation's top assistant in college football the past three seasons.
A longtime collegiate coach, Brown brings 34 years of experience to Ann Arbor, including 21 years as a defensive coordinator and 12 seasons as a head coach. They were the defensive coordinator for two seasons at the University of Connecticut (2011-12) and the University of Maryland (2009-10). Brown also coordinated defenses at Mansfield (1983), Dartmouth (1984-86), Yale (1987-92), Brown (1996-97) and Massachusetts (1998-99).
They spent 12 seasons as a head coach at three institutions -- Plymouth State (1993-95), Northeastern (2000-03) and Massachusetts (2004-08). Those teams compiled an impressive 95-45 record, with five conference titles and six playoff appearances.
A native of Spencer, Massachusetts, Brown was a running back at Norwich University (1973-76). They earned a bachelor's degree from Norwich in 1977 and their master's degree from Plymouth State in 1996. Brown was inducted into the Norwich University Hall of Fame in 2007.
Brown and their wife, Deborah, have four children -- Echo, Zachariah, Rana and Chelsea -- and 10 grandchildren.
Communications Contact: Dave Ablauf, Chad Shepard
Stock Market Analysis
The Fundamental Package includes our algorithmic forecasts for stocks screened by fundamental criteria. Our algorithms help you find the best opportunities for both long and short positions for the stocks within each fundamental screen. The stocks are selected according to four basic valuation categories for stock market analysis:
P/E (price to earnings ratio)
PEG (price/earnings to growth ratio)
price-to-book ratio
price-to-sales ratio
Package Name: Fundamental – High P/E Stocks
Recommended Positions: Long
Forecast Length: 14 Days (11/16/2016 – 11/30/2016)
I Know First Average: 16.89%
Several predictions in this short-term 14 Days forecast saw significant returns. The algorithm had correctly predicted 8 out 10 stock movements. FMCC was the top performing prediction with a return of 61.17%. FNMA and CLF saw outstanding returns of 60.93% and 17.00%. With these notable trade returns, the package itself registered an average return of 16.89% compared to the S&P 500's return of 0.84% for the same period.
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, or Freddie Mac (FMCC) provides credit guarantee for residential mortgages originated by mortgage lenders and invests in mortgage loans and mortgage-related securities in the United States. It operates in three segments: Single-Family Guarantee, Investments, and Multifamily.
Algorithmic traders utilize these daily forecasts by the Know First market prediction system as a tool to enhance portfolio performance, verify their own analysis and act on market opportunities faster. This forecast was sent to current I Know First subscribers.
Please note-for trading decisions use the most recent forecast. Get today's forecast and Top stock picks.
FRIDAY BUZZ COLUMN
A six-pack of postscripts from the Dolphins' offseason program, which ended Thursday:
• You watch Ryan Tannehill make the handful of impressive, thread-the-needle throws that they delivered this week --- a dart to DeVante Parker, a missile to Jarvis Landry, a perfect spiral to Kenny Stills --- and it's easy to envision them moving into the NFL's top half of quarterbacks.
You can talk yourself into that belief (and the Dolphins have), seeing the strong arm, understanding the likelihood that Adam Gase should be very good for him, and taking into account the 51 touchdown, 24 interception ratio the past two seasons.
But then you watch the sometimes errant ball placement, the pass thrown behind the tight end or thrown too low -- and you wonder if Tannehill will ever be more than pretty good.
Tannehill had a good week, and nobody is perfect, but there are still areas where the accuracy could be better, situations when they throw behind a receiver or a running back or a tight end, forcing the player to contort themselves to catch it and fall to the ground, instead of catching it in stride and running for significant yards after catch.
Tannehill's completion percentage dropped from 66.4 in 2014 to 61.9 in 2015, which was 21st in the league. Accuracy has been an emphasis.
Are they where the Dolphins want with theirs accuracy?
“There have been a few throws where I would like to see the ball placement be a little better,” Gase said Thursday. “There have been a few times, too, where they haven't been on the same page where [Tannehill] is going where he's supposed to go and the receiver didn't stem it vertical enough [and as a result] it looks like a poor throw. That's the development of the offense. You're not going to be perfect from the get go.”
During individual drills on Thursday, all five quarterbacks were asked to make a dozen throws, with the goal of getting the ball in a trash can in the corner of the end zone. Passes were launched from the 6, 20 and 30 yards lines. Tannehill didn't get any balls in the trash can, hitting the side twice and missing every other time. Matt Moore dropped two in the can and Brandon Doughty did it once.
But there has been growth with Tannehill:
“The kid is constantly working,” Moore said. “Works harder than anybody. Just sitting with Gase, you can see their confidence is off the charts. The footwork stuff we're doing is translating. Moving in the pocket, you mix that with accuracy. That's sort of the key. Footwork, pocket movement and accuracy are really good right now.”
And say this for Tannehill: ESPN's KC Joyner tells us Tannehill made bad decisions on just 0.7 percent of their throws in 2015, tied with Aaron Rodgers for third best in the league.
“If you're below one percent, that's elite,” said Joyner, who identifies bad decisions as mental errors leading to a turnover or potential turnover.
Incidentally, Chicago's Jay Cutler went from 1.5 percent in 2014 to 1.0 percent in 2015, their one year under Gase.
• Though it's easier for receivers to shine in May/June drills (without full pads), Leonte Carroo has made quite an impression.
Safety Michael Thomas “called me Anquan Boldin” this week, Carroo said. “He said, ‘You play like them – you're big, you're physical like him.' I've heard that a lot. A faster Anquan Boldin.”
Carroo, incidentally, will spend most of the next five “vacation weeks” training with Jarvis Landry.
• Jay Ajayi has dropped a few out of the backfield, despite their success doing that at Boise State. They said that route running and working on their receiving skills will be a priority for them during the next month. I'm not overly concerned because they were a good receiver out of the backfield at Boise.
• Though the Dolphins have given Jordan Phillips every chance to beat out Earl Mitchell, Mitchell so far is holding their own. Mitchell said they expect that battle to continue into the season…. The Xavien Howard/Tony Lippett competition also remains very close. Howard had a pretty good week, with an interception and a pass breakup.
• Defensive ends Terrence Fede and Chris McCain – who face uphill climbs to make the roster – had good moments this week, and here's the good news: The NFL said this week that now four (instead of two) of the 10 players on the practice squad can have up to two years of NFL service time. McCain and Fede qualify.
• Bobby McCain has had a solid offseason, but considering the lack of proven depth at slot corner (McCain, Ifo Ekpre-Olomu, Tyler Patmon, seventh-rounder Jordan Lucas), it's mystifying why Miami cut Brice McCain when doing so cleared just $2.5 million in space that it never used.
So is Gase comfortable having no proven veteran slot corner?
“We've got a lot of guys that aren't veterans,” they said. “We're young. That's not going to be an excuse. Nobody is going to care when it comes September. Nobody cares. Just got to figure out a way to win.”
• For a lot more Dolphins nuggets from the final day of the offseason program, please click here.
CHATTER
• Mark Richt said Thursday they expect UM's entire recruiting class to be enrolled by late June, with no academic non-qualifiers. Richt expects all three freshmen receivers will need to play this year: Ahmmon Richards (enrolled last month) and Sam Bruce and Dionte Mullins (both set to arrive in June 27). Richt quizzed Richards about the offense this week and Richt said they answered “90 percent” correctly.
“If they're a quick study, they'll get it figured out pretty quick,” Richt said of the last group of incoming freshmen.
Richt said Bruce will be able to catch up “because they will have veteran receivers who can help him,” as well as receivers coach Ron Dugans.
• UM players have been running drills on their own, but Richt said Thursday: “We're allowed to have two hours of meetings a week, so we'll meet with them and we're basically re-installing everything we installed in the spring just little by little.
"We installed it in the spring, but we installed it again in the summer and then install it again when two-a-days begin and the five-day acclimation period begins. We're just kind of going over the same thing over and over.... When they're bored with it, they've got it. They'll have it figured out. If there's still a little bit of uncertainty, you've got a little more work to do.”
• UM says it's the only school in America this academic year whose football team played in a bowl game; men's and women's basketball teams made the NCAA Tournament; and baseball team made the College World Series. Neat.
• If you missed it yesterday, here's what Al Golden had to say this week in their first public comments since being fired by UM.
• Justin Nicolino has allowed 31 hits and 12 runs in their last 16 innings, but the Marlins might need to live with that because of alarming lack of starting pitching depth in their system. Jarred Cosart, in Triple A, has been out with a strained oblique and top prospect Austin Brice (2-6, 3.00) is coming off two poor starts.
That leaves Jose Urena and journeymen Dylan Axelrod, Paul Clemens, Chris Reed (pitching well) and Chris Narveson among options should the Marlins make a change in their rotation.
• If you missed it on Manny Navarro's Heat blog, Udonis Haslem said they will work out with Chris Bosh this summer and Haslem is operating under the assumption Bosh will play next season, though Bosh hasn't assured them of that.
Twitter: @flasportsbuzz
Prior to beginning the BAR process and expending large sums on the design of the project, The Beach Company went to great lengths to confirm with the appropriate City representatives the applicable zoning restrictions, including the height, density and uses before it made the decision to cancel leases and remove tenants from the building. Had The Beach Company known the City would not honor the zoning rights associated with the property, it would have addressed these issues prior to closing the building and losing its revenue stream.
We believe the proposed plan for The Jasper provides a balanced conservative solution shaped by community discourse over the years,” said The Beach Company's Chief Executive Officer, John Darby. “We appreciate the community leaders who have come forward in support of our appeal, including the Charleston Metro Chamber of Commerce. We remain committed to building a world-class project.
Jonathan Boncek file photo
In what has to be the boldest "fuck you" in Charleston development history, the Beach Company announced earlier today that they would be opening the Sgt. Jasper to new tenants.As you know, many, many moons ago, the Beach Company kicked out the previous tenants of the 14-story apartment building. The reason: Beach planned to demolish the structure and build a new mixed-use project in its place. To no one's surprise, the NIMBYs in Harleston Village and South of Broad vehemently opposed the developer's new plan — A grocery store? Well, there goes the neighborhood.And so the NIMBYs rallied their troops, petitioned, packed meetings, and generally pissed themselves like pampered toddlers throwing a late-afternoon, snackless hissy fit. The end result: the Board of Architectural Review rejected the Beach Co.'s plan.So Beach went back to square one and devised a new plan that, unlike the previous one, met all current zoning regulations — a 20-story structure filled with luxury apartments. It was a bold and brilliant middle finger to the NIMBYs, who, sadly, didn't appreciate the ironic turn of events. So they rallied their troops, and the BAR rejected the Beach Co.'s efforts once again.But with today's announcement, the latest round goes to the Beach Co. In a statement, Beach's attorney Richard Rosen says:Then Beach Company's chief executive officer, John Darby, chimes in:Since it's uncertain exactly how long it will take this matter to be hashed out in the courts, one has to wonder who exactly will want to move into the Sgt. Jasper. After all, to paraphrase George R.R. Martin: Eviction is coming.But, like Jon Snow, I know nothing about how all of this will ultimately turn out if things continue along the present path. However, I do know a thing or two about pissing people off, and so, right here, right now, I would like to offer the Beach Co. a surefire way to make sure this matter is resolved in their favor, sooner rather than later.As you may know, Charleston has a growing homeless problem. Anyone who has seen the increasing number of panhandlers on the streets or has seen the homeless camps underneath the Ravenel Bridge knows this. Heck, the City of Charleston itself has attempted to remedy this situation by kicking the bums out of their tent cities and banning them from begging for farthings on the street — a heartless albeit aesthetically pleasing move, for sure, one that both offends and satisfies.Being the kind of person who is of two minds about the Holy City's homeless problem, I've long been searching for a solution that reconciles these two competing sides. This is where my proposal comes into play: The Beach Co. should open the Sgt. Jasper as a low-rent home to not only the town's homeless population, but the entire tri-county area. I'm talking no more than a buck or two a week, if not a month. Brilliant, yes?On the one hand, this plan gets the homeless off the mean streets and into safe housing, and on the other, it will further anger the residents of Harleston Village and South of Broad, who quite simply will be unable to deal with their new neighbors.I guarantee you if the Beach Co. does what I say, the Sgt. Jasper will be rubble in no time — and a mixed-use building with a grocery store will be taking its place.
Advertisement Muhammad Ali's boyhood home to open to visitors next month Share Copy Link Copy
Muhammad Ali's boyhood home is almost ready for the world to see.Developers are nearly finished renovating the house as they collect and curate more artifacts for inside.The home at 3302 Grand Ave. will serve as a portal to the past for fans of the former heavyweight boxing champ.The intention is to learn more about what turned the man originally known as Cassius Clay into one of the world's most recognizable figures.“On any street or neighborhood in America, greatness can happen. It happens inside those four walls,” co-owner George Bochetto said.The man known as "The Greatest" once lived inside the vibrant pink house.The house has been renovated to remind people of the values that made Ali one of the most recognizable people in the world.Bochetto said their focus is the formative years before the world came to know Ali.“(We) bring you back to the 1950s,” Bochetto said. “See how they grew up, where their bedroom was, what their relationship was with their younger brother, the relationship they had with their parents, their loving mother, Odessa, which is why the house is pink because it was their favorite color.”Bochetto, a former Pennsylvania state boxing commissioner and Philadelphia lawyer, wanted to unearth the stories and childhood memories inside the home.The Ali house and the Montgomery home next door will take people back 70 years, when Clay lived there with their parents and brother.“This house a big part of how Muhammad grew up,” Bochetto said. “Rahman and Muhammad used to babysit for the daughters of the Montgomerys and walk over and babysit. The dad will tell you that when they got home, they had all their bologna missing from their refrigerator.”Friends and family like Robert Coleman have helped recapture the history.He's known Ali and their family since 1946.“Growing up with Ali was fun. Ali like you see them today was Ali then. It's the same person,” Coleman said. “Ali didn't play sports with us for real. They aren't dying to play first or second base. (He was) mostly just in your way, so when they actually started fighting didn't take it seriously.”Furnishings, appliances and artwork are still being collected for parts of the house.In the family's rec room, three documentaries will offer a closer look at where Ali began their boxing dreams.“You are going to step into the home that Cassius Clay grew up in, it's going to be exactly the way it was,” Bochetto said.The grand opening is set for May 1, with tours expected throughout the week.The Montgomery home next door will serve as a gift shop and welcome center.
The internet may be a nightmare if you're not vigilant enough. Your private life can be in front of millions if you do not take due care and precaution. The reports of government snooping on your online life has made netizens paranoid more than ever. Further, hacking attacks on many well-known web services like Snapchat and Apple Cloud servers have made every question about our safety and privacy online.
Luckily for you, there are tools which may help in keeping your privacy intact the next time you visit the web. In this article, we have arranged a list of top 5 privacy tools for 2016 for keeping all your privacy and anonymity concerns at bay!
Here's the list!
1. The TOR Browser
Using TOR to browse the internet is the one of the most effective ways of keeping your privacy and anonymity intact. TOR or The Onion Router uses a series of servers connected to each other. Any request made by the user on it is routed through a series of “tunnels”, keeping you anonymous throughout.
TOR was funded and created by the US Government is used by millions of netizens each day. The strong encryption used on TOR keeps you protected from the prying eyes of hackers and the likes.
2. Qubes Operating System
When it comes to the privacy and security of your whole device, then Qubes is the ultimate choice. Using a secure operating system gained traction after Edward Snowden endorsed Tails, in order to maintain users' anonymity and privacy.
What separated Qubes from other Operating systems is its ability to segregate various components of the computer. This segregation makes it extremely difficult for the hackers to gain full access to your computer. This is the reason why Qubes is the preferred choice for security professionals, journalists, and other professionals.
3. Ad blocks
One of the greatest dangers to your online anonymity is the banner ads present on different websites. Such ads are capable of installing malicious software on your system which is capable of giving real-time information about your activities to the hackers. Ad blocks generally come in the form of browser integration and are very effective in hiding and disabling ad services on different websites.
Not only do you get relieved of the annoyance but also of any security threats to your system. You can give Ad Block Plus (ABP) if you use Google Chrome web browser. In the case of any other web browsers, use Ad Fender, which is equally capable of getting rid of those annoying ads.
4. Use a VPN
VPN services mask your IP address with that of another located at a place far-far away (not in another galaxy, though!). This is the reason that you remain anonymous upon using a VPN service for browsing the internet. Also, all the data sent by you on such servers are fully encrypted which it makes almost impossible for anyone to extract.
VPNs, though not as anonymous as TOR, is decently fast to carry out all your activities. However, make sure that your VPN service provider doesn't keep a log of your information. There has been a dramatic rise in the number of VPN Services largely because of revelation by Edward Snowden. Choosing the right VPN service provider is the key.
5. Use Eraser, a secure file delete
Whenever you delete any data from your computer, the chances are that a part of them is still there on your hardware. Such parts can prove costly and are under danger of being accessed by hackers using appropriate tools. This is while you should use secure file delete, like Eraser, to delete all your sensitive data from your hard drive securely. The program is free and is an open source tool which can be used easily by anyone.
Endnote
You privacy and anonymity can be compromised in the blink of your eyes if your system isn't secure enough. However, you must not worry! Using our list of top 5 privacy tools, you can easily keep all your data secure and away from the prying eyes of NSA, snoopers, or even your government agencies! This way you can always maintain a peace of mind while browsing the internet for any reason you wish!
INDIANAPOLIS -- The Indianapolis Colts need help on the offensive line. They needed help on the offensive line last year, too. And the year before that.
Free agency is a month old and Indianapolis has yet to sign a player expected to start on the offensive line next season.
The draft is a week away and you know what?
The Colts aren't going to draft on need. They're going to take the best player available, especially at pick No. 18. General manager Ryan Grigson said so.
There's your warning in case the Colts don't select an offensive lineman in the first round.
Indianapolis' offensive line gave up 118 quarterbacks hits last season while franchise quarterback Andrew Luck was sacked 15 times. Zach Bolinger/Icon Sportswire
"I think it's weak, no matter what your needs are, to look at your board and see Player A here and then you have Player B, C and D down here, and you [say], 'Well, we have to get a need,'" Grigson said. "That defies the whole process."
The Colts will likely take an offensive lineman at some point in the draft, but what Grigson is saying is that they won't reach on a player, especially one who has a second or third round grade, in the first round simply because they have a need at that position.
The Colts shouldn't be in their current position of needing to fix their offensive line still when Andrew Luck is their quarterback and he's expected to become a $100-million player when they sign their new contract. It's not a good look for Grigson or the organization that he's a former offensive lineman and they continue to have a difficult time putting together a line capable of protecting Luck.
To Grigson's credit he's tried. He's signed free agent offensive linemen. He's drafted offensive linemen. He's signed undrafted free agents on the offensive line.
2016 NFL DRAFT Round 1: April 28, 8 p.m. ET
Rds. 2-3: April 29, 7 p.m. ET
Rds. 4-7: April 30, noon ET
Where: Auditorium Theatre, Chicago NFL draft home page » • 2016 NFL draft order »
• Todd McShay: Final mock »
• Mel Kiper Jr.: 'Grade A' Mock »
• Mel Kiper Jr.: Final mock »
• Todd McShay: Needs for each team
• Todd McShay's tier rankings
• Mel Kiper Jr.'s Big Board »
• Top prospects by position »
• NFL draft player rankings »
But most of the players have struggled, were injured or flat out failed outside of guard Jack Mewhort, who they selected in the second round in 2014.
The Colts used five different quarterbacks and gave up 118 quarterbacks hits last season.
"I'd be lying to say I didn't," Grigson said when asked if they take the offensive line failures personally. "I'm a competitor. I have a lot of pride in my work. I was an offensive lineman. There are certain factors that you can't help when a guy doesn't pan out, but I feel like we've got to do a better job. I feel like we're in a position to do better."
The Colts signed offensive linemen Kevin Graf and Mitchell Van Dyk on Wednesday, but those aren't the types of moves those outside the organization expected. They thought the Colts would pursue starting caliber offensive linemen.
Nope.
That was never the plan.
The Colts plan to develop their own players. That means outside of the draft possibly and the couple of minor signings they've made, they could be bringing back the same group of offensive linemen from last season. Indianapolis hired former Miami Dolphins coach Joe Philbin to coach the offensive line.
Does Grigson think they have what it takes internally to have a better offensive line next season?
"I don't think we have any choice," they said. "It's obviously an inexact science, [rounds] one through seven, especially in the mid-to-late rounds which we've felt we've done well in spots there. There are always waiver claims, there are trades and things like that, but you want to be able to hit on those early picks and get those guys that you have above the line on your board."
Australia claimed a third successive World Cup in Sydney
Netball World Cup 2015 Venue: Sydney Olympic Park, Australia Dates: 7-16 August Live updates, reports and reaction on BBC Sport website Results and fixtures
England beat Jamaica 66-44 to take bronze as hosts Australia retained the Netball World Cup in Sydney.
Tracey Neville's England, who finished third at the last tournament in Singapore in 2011, found themselves five goals adrift at the end of the first quarter on Sunday.
But the Roses produced a stunning turnaround to end the first half 28-23 ahead and saw the game out with ease.
Australia overcame rivals New Zealand 58-55 to win their 11th title.
The Silver Ferns had come into the final unbeaten after a shock win over Australia in the group stages, but a nine-goal deficit from the first quarter left New Zealand unable to catch the Commonwealth champions.
The final was played in front of a world-record netball crowd of 16,752 at the Olympic Park.
England avenge Commonwealth heartbreak
England have met Jamaica in the third-place play-off at the last five World Cups
England's defeat by Jamaica in the bronze medal match at the Commonwealth Games in Glasgow last year prompted changes behind the scenes.
Neville was brought in as interim coach for the World Cup, replacing Anna Mayes, but they endured a tough start to the tournament after the death of their father before their opening win against Scotland.
Them team battled to a 54-50 win over Jamaica during the first pool stage in Sydney, but went on to lose to Australia in the second round and New Zealand in the semi-final.
England made a laborious start in the third-place play-off, but the introduction of experienced defender Sonia Mkoloma, playing in their fifth World Cup, helped settle the Roses.
And wing defence Serena Guthrie played a starring role in their second-quarter revival as they produced a 10-goal swing to go five points ahead.
England got stronger in the second-half with shooter Jo Harten dominating under the posts as they brushed their rivals aside to take the bronze in style.
Coach Neville told BBC Sport: "It was hard to get them motivated, but we got behind each other. They've always had my back, and I've always had theirs. I think we showed that today.
"It clicked. They seemed to find that drive that they've been lacking. They did me proud."
Wales claim best finish since 1991
Wales ended the competition in seventh after winning their play-off 64-41 against Uganda to claim their best finish at a World Cup since 1991 - when it was also hosted in Sydney.
Scotland ended the tournament 12th after losing their 11th-place play-off 51-41 against Fiji.
South Africa narrowly beat Malawi 48-46 to secure fifth spot, while Trinidad and Tobago ended ninth after beating Samoa 64-51.
Meanwhile Barbados ended 13th with a 53-38 win over Zambia and Sri Lanka finished last after losing 59-32 to Singapore.
0 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
It is a fairly safe bet that if one polled 100 Americans and asked if they supported clean air and water, and some means of controlling the devastating weather events, few would opt for foul air, polluted water, and more intense weather unless there were Republican politicians taking part in the survey. Republicans love to pledge allegiance to causes like never raising taxes, preventing same-sex couples from marrying, and nearly any cause promoting inequality, and now they are signing on to a new pledge to Charles and David Koch to oppose any legislation relating to climate change unless it is accompanied by an offsetting amount of tax cuts. It is little secret that the Koch brothers are opposed to any and all regulations that affect their power to pollute the air and water that contributes to climate change, and with their legislative arm the American Legislative Exchange Council, they are influencing members of Congress and state legislatures' to ensure clean air and water remains elusive and that regulations to reduce the effects of climate change never become law.
First, the Kochs are enlisting Republicans to make it unlikely any bills regulating carbon emissions ever become law, and because they are requiring accompanying offsetting tax cuts, they guarantee their anti-climate change policies will remain the law of the land. The Koch brothers' pledge is the work of their tax-exempt Americans for Prosperity, and the “No Climate Tax” has successfully prevented Republican lawmakers from addressing climate change particularly by thwarting efforts to control greenhouse-gas emissions by killing cap-and-trade energy bills in the Senate.
The No Climate Tax pledge has garnered signatures from 411 lawmakers nationwide including the entire House Republican leadership, one-third of the members of the House of Representatives, and a quarter of U.S. senators. According to a New York Times report on the Koch pledge, “Since most solutions to the problem of greenhouse-gas emissions require costs to the polluters and the public, the pledge essentially commits those who sign to it to vote against nearly any meaningful bill regarding global warning, and acts as yet another roadblock to action.” Roadblock is putting it mildly, and it means regardless the threats from climate change, there is little Americans can expect from Republicans in the way of relief because they are beholden to follow directions from the Kochs and their source of power ALEC.
Last month in the Republican House, an ALEC a regulatory reform template moving through Congress was assailed by Democratic representative Rep. Hank Johnson (GA) as having “the Koch brothers' fingerprints all on it.” The ALEC template was targeting the use of “sue and settle” practices in conflicts over clean air and water regulations. Environmental groups used “sue and settle” to force over 100 new rules from the Presidents Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) that allows clean air and water advocates to file a lawsuit against a federal agency for failing to meet a regulatory deadline or requirement. Since ALEC and the Kochs are not elected members of Congress, Republicans used their surrogate legislative arm, the U.S. Chamber of Commerce to step in and quash efforts to allow the EPA to do their job.
The Chamber of Commerce, an ALEC member on the Civil Justice Task Force, rallied behind legislation introduced by ALEC puppet Doug Collins (R-GA) to put a halt to the lawsuits that public advocacy groups argued will “stack the deck in favor of more corporate litigation.” According to a regulatory public advocate at public Citizen, “By advocating for ‘regulatory reform' legislation, the Chamber wants to make it easier to legally challenge and overturn regulations they and their big business allies oppose,” and the Chamber has no bigger business allies than the Kochs' personal legislative machine ALEC. Representative Johnson, a Democrat assailed the Republican-sponsored legislation as “an anti-regulatory bill drafted by the American Legislative Exchange Council, also known as ALEC,” and continued that “The Koch brothers have used ALEC to invest in radical ideas. Passage of this bill would have a dramatic, dastardly impact on air and water quality,” Johnson was right that the Kochs are using ALEC templates to curb the use of “sue and settle” practices, and any other means to prevail in fights over regulations.
Air and water quality, or the devastating effects from global climate change, affect every man, woman, and child in America but regulations protecting the people, their health and welfare, and property from devastating weather events are of no concern to the Koch brothers and their obscene wealth. Apparently, those life-giving necessities are of no concern to Republicans who dutifully push through, or block, any legislation that may help the people they were elected to serve in their never-ending assault on regulations they claim to hate with a passion. However, if they are presented with the opportunity to regulate women's reproductive health, they become fierce advocates of regulations and curiously they regulate without signing a pledge to their religious supporters.
Despite that President Obama just recently addressed climate change, a comprehensive climate policy would be a more effective means than the administration using the Clean Air Act to limit greenhouse gas emissions just as an example, but of course that would necessitate the Congress to work towards a consensus remedy. But with a Republican obstructionist movement that hates anything coming out of the Obama White House, and the chance that the Koch brothers, ALEC, Americans for Prosperity, or the Chamber of Commerce will tolerate policymakers convening with environmentalists and industries to work on an alternative, there is little chance that anything resembling climate legislation, clean air and water, or anything for the people's health and welfare ever coming to fruition and to make certain they prevail, the Kochs have 411 Republicans signatures on a pledge to ensure abject failure.
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Close
A $25.3 million venture to develop an effective vaccine for Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV) is set to start human clinical trials in the next five years. Funded by the European Commission, the European AIDS Vaccine Initiative or EAVI2020 will be led by HIV scientists from Europe, Canada, Australia and the United States.
Led by the Imperial College of London, the group will develop noble candidate vaccines that can be used in clinical trials. This project is part of European Union's Horizon 2020 program that aims to develop an effective vaccine to end this epidemic.
An estimated 35 million individuals around the world are currently living with HIV as reported by the World Health Organization in their 2013 data. Since the start of the epidemic, an estimated 78 million people got infected and around 39 million have died of the infection.
HIV infection could lead to potentially-fatal Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome (AIDS). The HIV virus targets the body's immune system which protects the body against infections. When AIDS develops, the body can no longer protect itself from life-threatening infections and the person becomes immunocompromised.
There is still no available cure for HIV infection and developments of vaccines are still being conducted. The only means to prevent this infection is through safe practices which include avoiding promiscuous sexual relationships, using of condoms during intercourse and evading the use of shared needles.
"Creating an effective vaccine against HIV represents one of the greatest biological challenges of a generation," Professor Robin Shattock from the Department of Medicine at Imperial College London and coordinator of EAVI2020, said in a press release.
They added that producing a vaccine is difficult for just one company or institution. Instead, by collaborating with other groups and scientists, they will be able to develop the vaccine more quickly. The group consists of leading scientists in the fields of molecular biology, immunology, virology, biotechnology and clinical practice in order to merge their expertise to develop the vaccine and proceed to human trials in the near future.
"In its dual role of policymaker and research funder, the European Commission has played an essential part for over thirty years in supporting HIV vaccine research," said Dr. Ruxandra Draghia-Akli, director of the Health Directorate at the Directorate General for Research and Innovation of EU.
The project will allow scientists from Europe and around the world to 'work together' in the aim to successfully develop promising vaccine candidates to be tested.
Meanwhile, in line with clinical trials, a website by the Medical Research Council Clinical Trials Unit is recruiting HIV negative healthy volunteers at the Imperial College of London.
ⓒ 2018 TECHTIMES.com All rights reserved. Do not reproduce without permission.
Reddit users are funding anti-Christian organizations. ( Eva Blue/Flickr )
The social media site reddit.com, which allows registered users to submit content that is then "voted" up or down by other users to determine the content's position on the page, has awarded an $82,765.95 grant to the anti-Christian Freedom From Religion Foundation (FFRF), representing one of the largest grants the Wisconsin-based FFRF has ever received.
American Family Association (AFA, afa.net) is alerting reddit.com users of the grant and urging them to be aware of what their social media activities are supporting.
"Freedom From Religion Foundation regularly attacks religious liberty as a whole and Christianity in particular with a focused intent of separating all religious reference from public life," said AFA President Tim Wildmon. "This earned them the distinct dishonor of inclusion on AFA's recently released anti-Christian bigotry map, which exposes more than 200 organizations that regularly attack the foundation of our nation and wish to destroy religious freedom. It's likely many reddit.com users are not aware that their social media activity is aiding and abetting anti-Christian activity, but we hope that users will now think twice before frequenting the social media site."
According to its website, reddit.com, which was launched in 2005, claimed more than 151 million unique visitors last month from 212 countries viewing more than 6.6 billion pages.
Get Spirit-filled content delivered right to your inbox! Click here to subscribe to our newsletter.
FFRF was one of 10 nonprofit grant recipients selected by the votes of reddit.com users to receive a grant. Planned Parenthood Federation of America, the nation's largest abortion provider, also received $82.765.95.
"Social media has become a way of life for Americans," Wildmon added. "But it's important that when we go online to 'like' or 'share' something, we do so with the knowledge of what our seemingly innocent activities are supporting."
Freedom from Religion Foundation appears on AFA's Anti-Christian Bigotry Map, as the organization "threatens, intimidates and sues local governments and public schools to abolish all public references to the Christian faith. Most notably, FFRF targets displays of crosses, the Ten Commandments and public prayer."
Get Spirit-filled content delivered right to your inbox! Click here to subscribe to our newsletter.
Join us on our podcast each weekday for an interesting story, well told, from Charisma News. Listen at charismapodcastnetwork.com.
Great Resources to help you excel in 2019! #1 John Eckhardt's "Prayers That..." 6-Book Bundle. Prayer helps you overcome anything life throws at you. Get a FREE Bonus with this bundle. #2 Learn to walk in the fullness of your purpose and destiny by living each day with Holy Spirit. Buy a set of Life in the Spirit, get a second set FREE.
See an error in this article? Send us a correction
Alright, so, first, I've talked to multiple people (online) that identified as Luxemburgists, and I've talked (again, online) with someone who was German and they were affiliated with some group in Germany that identified as Luxemburgist, that seems like it's an actual thing, rather than say, Stalinism, or First Worldism which are terms applied to groups by opponents rather than themselves.
Secondly, I'm not looking for something that's hip or fresh, or cool, or whatever, I'm attempting to gather more information, I shared how long I'd been a communist to get it across that I wasn't exactly ignorant when it comes to the ideology or terminology, not to be insulted.
Thirdly, I've been a communist since I was twelve. I'm eighteen now. Yes, I've changed my ideology since then I first identified with the term, but every teenager goes through identity changes, I feel the important thing about this is I stayed a leftist, rather than become a liberal.
The capital of South Africa by Carlos Latuff
Student hasbarists are exhausted whitewashing Israel's apartheid on campuses all across America. That's not the overall conclusion of a blunt Ynet Op-ed by Israeli journalist Steve Rubin, it's what's reflected in the exasperation expressed towards the end.
Is Israel losing the battle? is about the expanding movement of solidarity on US campuses, what Rubin references as a ‘Palestinian narrative'. Yep Steve, American kids like human rights. Sounding the alarm too; “the existential threat that Iran poses to Israel is not nearly as threatening as is the one coming from those that will eventually be influencing American foreign policy and its policies towards Israel.” Triple ouch.
With regards to college campuses, this is not an issue of bigoted anti-Semitism; rather, it is a case of educated and intelligent young adults who have been easily and convincingly swayed by an overwhelmingly powerful Palestinian narrative. Even more troubling is that these well-educated, anti-Israel activists are the future of America and its leadership. This is a new generation that is no longer enamored with the State of Israel; rather, it is increasingly angry and cannot comprehend how America can maintain such steadfast support for the Jewish state. It is this same generation that will be leading America over the next 50 years – a period that will prove to be ever so critical in terms of Israel's prolonged survival. As for the American Jewish community, there has been an increased disillusionment with the State of Israel's policies. No longer is Israel the mighty David that defeated the Arab Goliath in a fight for its survival. Rather, it has become an added headache in trying to explain and understand Israel's prolonged policies in a way that connects to their “American-Liberal” perspectives.
Shocking/not.
Ultimately, Rubin fails to ‘get it'. They think Israel is its own worst enemy because it doesn't have the ‘proper resources in place' to educate the cream of the crop of American youth. Talk about having blinders on; open your eyes Steve, you said it yourself, ‘disillusionment' with Israel's policies. So why not suggest Israel change those policies? Can you even say Apartheid? Because that is what we see.
(Hat tip Karen Platt)
I suppose it was to be expected that during their recent sojourn Down Under David Cameron should have a rush of blood to the head, but in the absence of any rational arguments it appears that their only reason for “putting rocket boosters” behind the current Transatlantic Trade & Investment Partnership (TTIP) negotiations is Len McCluskey (Unite) is agin it.
Maybe that's the way it works in the Bully'em Club, as the Prime Minister and many of their cohorts trot out the same mantra about TTIP being a win-win, with tariff and non-tariff barriers blown away to allow a free-for-all among traders and manufacturers itching to increase business across the pond.
That may be fine in a genuinely competitive market, and many of our entrepreneurs will relish the opportunity to make further inroads into the US market. But the NHS doesn't work that way.
It has at least one foot nailed to the floor, particularly in England, where the privatisation of many services as well as supplies is well-advanced.
There is no way the NHS can think of participating in the commercial spoils, having little surplus goods to flog while at the same time being obliged to put much of its work out to tender.
What's wrong with that? NHS's recent history is littered with expensive contracts promising jam today (think PFI, or a series of IT disasters), contracts drawn up by clever commercial lawyers and closed by slick, smiley sales people. What they do not mention is who picks up the tab for the bits they do not supply: minor details like A&E for when things go wrong, or the management of staff training and development, or the Research and Development by which the NHS strives to keep its promises to us.
Perhaps the PM would like to go for broke and hand the whole shebang (to use an American expression) to the private sector. The result would be a curate's egg with some improvements, but do we want a health service that costs twice as much as the NHS yet fails to reach the people most in need?
The Scottish Government has set its face against NHS privatisation, but the wolf is at the gate. Our NHS already faces immense challenges, and the last thing it needs is a blinkered government blowing the bl**dy doors off, particularly when that government is in Brussels, where Scotland seems not to have a voice, but that's another story.
James Sandeman
Scone Place
Newton Mearns
Wirex Limited, the global online banking platform announced the completion of $3 million in Series A funding obtained from the SBI Group, a leading financial services firm in Japan. The company plans to inject the capital into the development of new features, licensing and security, as well as to support its expansion plans.The hybrid banking platform currently offers pre-paid virtual and plastic cards that can be topped up with both fiat and crypto currencies. New features in the works include contactless bitcoin payments, contactless cards, additional currencies and new bitcoin-based financial products. Wirex Limited will also continue to invest in its platform's security and stability, and enhancing customer experience.“Japan is a key market for bitcoin-compatible financial products and services, and one of our fastest-growing customer base” said Pavel Matveev, co-founder of Wirex Limited. “We are delighted to have this strategic partnership with the SBI Group. Together we can push bitcoin adoption in the Asia-Pacific region to the next level.”Wirex Limited serves over 500,000 customers in more than 130 countries and in the process of obtaining an e-money license in the United Kingdom. The company has offices in London, Tokyo and Kiev and boasts on average 23% month-over-month growth rate.
View from around the Asnæs power station.
Kalundborg Eco-Industrial Park is an industrial symbiosis network located in Kalundborg, Denmark, in which companies in the region collaborate to use each other's by-products and otherwise share resources.
The Kalundborg Eco-Industrial Park is the first full realization of industrial symbiosis.[1] The collaboration and its environmental implications arose unintentionally through private initiatives, as opposed to government planning, making it a model for private planning of eco-industrial parks.[2] At the center of the exchange network is the Asnæs Power Station, a 1500MW coal-fired power plant, which has material and energy links with the community and several other companies. Surplus heat from this power plant is used to heat 3500 local homes in addition to a nearby fish farm, whose sludge is then sold as a fertilizer. Steam from the power plant is sold to Novo Nordisk, a pharmaceutical and enzyme manufacturer, in addition to Statoil power plant. This reuse of heat reduces the amount thermal pollution discharged to a nearby fjord. Additionally, a by-product from the power plant's sulfur dioxide scrubber contains gypsum, which is sold to a wallboard manufacturer. Almost all of the manufacturer's gypsum needs are met this way, which reduces the amount of open-pit mining needed. Furthermore, fly ash and clinker from the power plant is used for road building and cement production.[3] These exchanges of waste, water and materials have greatly increased environmental and economic efficiency, as well as created other less tangible benefits for these actors, including sharing of personnel, equipment, and information.[1]
History [ edit ]
The Kalundborg Industrial Park was not originally planned for industrial symbiosis. Its current state of waste heat and materials sharing developed over a period of 20 years. Early sharing at Kalundborg tended to involve the sale of waste products without significant pretreatment.[3] Each further link in the system was negotiated as an independent business deal, and was established only if it was expected to be economically beneficial.[3]
The park began in 1959 with the start up of the Asnæs Power Station. The first episode of sharing between two entities was in 1972 when Gyproc, a plaster-board manufacturing plant, established a pipeline to supply gas from Tidewater Oil Company. In 1981 the Kalundborg municipality completed a district heating distribution network within the city of Kalundborg, which utilized waste heat from the power plant.[4]
Since then, the facilities in Kalundborg have been expanding, and have been sharing a variety of materials and waste products, some for the purpose of industrial symbiosis and some out of necessity, for example, freshwater scarcity in the area has led to water reuse schemes. In particular, 700,000 cubic meters per year of cooling water is piped from Statoil to Asnaes per year.[3]
A timeline of the creation of the industrial park:
The Symbiosis [ edit ]
The relationships among the firms comprising the Kalundborg Eco-Industrial Park form an industrial symbiosis. Generally speaking, the actors involved in the symbiosis at Kalundborg exchange material wastes, energy, water, and information.[5] The Kalundborg network involves a number of actors, including a power station, two big energy firms, a plaster board company, and a soil remediation company. Other actors include farmers, recycling facilities, and fish factories that use some of the material flows.[5] Kalundborg Municipality plays an active role. Additionally, other actors, such as Novoren, a recycling and urban land field firm, are formally part of the network but do not contribute tangibly in the exchange.[5]
Partners [ edit ]
A flowchart to show the material sharing between entities in the Kalundborg Eco-Industrial Park
The Kalundborg Eco-Industrial Park today includes nine private and public enterprises, some of which are some of the largest enterprises in Denmark.[6] The enterprises are:
Novo Nordisk - Danish company and largest producer of insulin in the world
Novozymes - Danish company and largest enzyme producer in the world
Gyproc - French producer of gypsum board
Kalundborg Municipality
Dong Energy - owner of Asnaes Power Station, the largest power plant in Denmark
RGS 90 - Danish soil remediation and recovery company
Statoil - Norwegian company which owns Denmark's largest oil refinery
Kara/Novoren - Danish waste treatment company
Kalundborg Forsyning A/S - water and heat supplier, as well as waste disposer, for Kalundborg citizens[6]
Material Exchanges [ edit ]
This matrix shows which actors in the Kalundborg Eco-Industrial Park interact with each other.
There are currently over thirty exchanges of materials among the actors of Kalundborg.[7] The Asnaes Power Station is at the heart of the network.[3] The power company gives its steam residuals to the Statoil Refinery, meeting 40% of its steam requirements,[3] in exchange for waste gas from the refinery. The power plant creates electricity and steam from this gas.[2] These products are sent to a fish farm and Novo Nordisk, who receive all of their required steam from Asnaes,[3] and a heating system that supplies 3500 homes.[2] These homeowners pay for the underground piping that supplies their heat, but receive the heat reliably and at a low price.[3] Fly ash from Asnaes is sent to a cement company, and gypsum from its desulfurization process is sent to Gyproc for use in gypsum board.[2] Two-thirds of Gyproc's gypsum needs are met by Asnaes.[3] Statoil Refinery removes sulfur from its natural gas and sells it to a sulfuric acid manufacturer, Kemira.[2] The fish farm sells sludge from its ponds as fertilizer to nearby farms, and Novo Nordisk gives away its own sludge, of which it produces 3,000 cubic meters per day.[3] The sludge is to be refined for biogas for the power plant.[8]
Water reuse schemes have also been developed within Kalundborg. Statoil pipes 700,000 cubic meters of cooling water per year to Asnaes, which purifies it and uses it as "boiler feed-water."[3] Asnaes also uses approximately 200,000 cubic meters of Statoil's treated wastewater per year for cleaning.[3] The 90 °C residual heat from the refinery is not used for district heating due to taxes. Instead, heat pumps are used with the 24 °C waste water as a heat reservoir.[9]
Savings and Environmental Impacts [ edit ]
Annual wastes avoided in Kalundborg as of 1997
Annual resource savings in Kalundborg as of 1997
Since its start over 25 years ago, Kalundborg has been operating successfully as an eco-industrial park. One of the main goals of industrial symbiosis is to make goods and services that use the least-cost combination of inputs. These relationships were formed on an economic and environmental basis.[2] As mentioned above, there are over thirty exchanges occurring in Kalundborg. While Kalundborg does operate using trades between various firms in the vicinity, it itself is not self-sufficient or contained to the industrial park. There are many trades that occur with companies outside of this park region.[2]
All of these exchanges have contributed to water savings, and savings in fuel and input chemicals. Wastes were also avoided through these interchanges. For example, in 1997, Asnaes (the power station) saved 30,000 tons of coal (~2% of throughput) by using Statoil (large oil refinery) fuel gas. And 200,000 tons of fly ash and clinker were avoided from Asnaes landfill.[3] These resources savings and waste avoidances, documented before 1997, are illustrated in the tables to the right.
A study in 2002 showed that these exchanges also contributed to more than 95% of the total water supply to the power plant. This is up from 70% in 1990. So, the system is becoming more comprehensive in its ability to save groundwater, however, there is still room for improvement. Out of the 1.2 million m3 of wastewater discharged from Statoil (the refinery), only 9000 m3 were reused at the power plant.[10]
More recent numbers show a vast improvement, when comparing to the numbers from 1997, in resource savings. Data from around 2004 show annual savings of 2.9 million cubic meters of ground water, and 1 million cubic meters of surface water. Gypsum savings are estimated around 170,000 tons, and sulfur dioxide waste avoidance is estimated around 53 Tn. These numbers are mostly estimations. Aspects of the eco-industrial park have changed, and there are many levels to consider when doing these calculations. All together though, these interchanges have shown annual savings of up to $15 million (US), with investments around $78.5 million (US). The total accumulated savings is estimated around $310 million (US).[5]
As a Model [ edit ]
Kalundborg was the first example of separate industries grouping together to gain competitive advantage by material exchange, energy exchange, information exchange, and/or product exchange. The very term, Industrial Symbiosis (IS) was first defined by a station manager in Kalundborg as "a cooperation between different industries by which the presence of each…increases the viability of the others, and by which the demands of society for resource savings and environmental protection are considered" .[11]
Kalundborg's success helped generate interest in industrial symbiosis. Developed nations such as the United States began to formulate incentives for corporations to implement materials exchange with other corporations. Industrial and political circles began to look into the implementation of eco-industrial parks (EIPs). Specifically, the United States worked to put into service several planned EIPs. The U.S President's Council on Sustainable Development in 1996 proposed fifteen eco-industrial parks to pursue the idea of industrial symbiosis. These parks were created by grouping diverse stakeholders with common material flows together, with added governmental incentives to encourage materials exchange. The goal of these planned EIPs was to test if the industrial symbiosis that worked so well in Kalundborg could be replicated. The Council on Sustainable Development also defined 5 major characteristics of a successful EIP to help guide EIP development. These characteristics include: (1) some form of material exchange between multiple separate entities, (2) industries within close proximity to each other, (3) cooperation between plant management of the different corporations, (4) an existing infrastructure for material sharing that does not require much retooling, and (5) "anchor" tenants (large corporation with resources to support early implementation). Devens Regional Enterprise Zone is a good example of a successful EIP in the United States.[12]
Kalundborg became an attractive topic in academia as well because of the obvious sustainability advantages of industrial symbiosis. Research conducted on planning and implementation of eco-industrial parks revealed interesting results. Experts argued over the idea of "planned parks" versus "self organized parks". Research showed systematic failure of forced or planned EIPs. Most successful EIPs originate from industrial symbiosis that occurs naturally during industry life, much like the Kalundborg case. This conclusion served to deflate the momentum that the success of Kalundborg generated. Organizations began to recognize the difficulties associated with forcing eco-industrial parks to coalesce and abandoned the idea.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
They and their home chemistry operation seem to have been too much for local law enforcement, who (at least at last report) bailed out of the house and haven't finished searching it yet. That sounds like an excellentdecision - you couldn't pay me to go in the place and poke around. On the one hand, perhaps their lab technique wasn't so bad: they were able to work in those quantities without blowing themselves up. But on the other hand, and by golly this hand wins, anyone who makes kilos of such things at home has very skewed ideas about risk, to the point that you don't really know what they're capable of. The owner's day job appears to have been robbing banks, which fits right in.
The latest news is a decision that the only way to deal with the house is to burn it. A sixteen-foot fire-resistant wall is being built around the place, and they're just going to let it rip. Beats going around in there opening drawers and looking under the sink, for sure.
The first panel of an all-day Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board hearing on Section 702 of FISA just finished.
It featured NSA General Counsel Raj De, ODNI General Counsel Robert Litt, Deputy AAG for National Security Brad Weigmann, and FBI General Counsel James Baker.
While there were a number of interesting disclosures — which I'll get at in the future — the most striking aspect of the hearing was the tooth-pulling effort to get the panel to define the terms they use.
There were a slew of terms defined, among others including “minimization,” “bulk collection,” “PRISM,”
But the most interesting redefinitions were for “purge” and “search.”
After much tooth-pulling, James Dempsey got De to admit that NSA's definition of the word “search” is different from the one used in the Fourth Amendment. Actually, that may not be entirely true: Sometimes the actual collection of data counts as a search, sometimes only the querying of it does. NSA gets to decide which is which, best as I can tell, in secret or in legal filings where it will serve to deprive someone of standing.
Then there's “purge,” which I can't hear anymore without seeing a pink speech bubble and scare quotes surrounding the word. Purge does not mean — as you might expect — “destroy.” Rather, it means only “remove from NSA systems in such a way that it cannot be used.” Which, best as I understand it, means they're not actually destroying this data.
I do hope EFF figures that out before they argue the protection order for Section 215 today, as on those terms it seems increasingly clear NSA is not complying with the Jewel protection order.
“Purge.” To keep. Somewhere else.
This image shows one of the highest-energy neutrino events ever detected superimposed on a view of the IceCube Lab at the South Pole. Image: IceCube Collaboration
Deep beneath the Antarctic ice sheet, sensors buried in a billion tons of ice—a cubic kilometer of frozen H2O—are searching for neutrinos. Not just any kind of neutrino, though. The IceCube South Pole Neutrino Observatory wants to discover the sources of ultrahigh-energy cosmic rays and thus solve one of science's oldest mysteries.
Just one problem. These kinds of neutrinos are really difficult to detect.
Drilled and left to freeze in the ice between a depth of 1,450m and 2,450m beneath the surface of the South Pole, IceCube sensors collects terabytes of raw data every day.
The deployment of each of the 86 IceCube strings lasted about 11 hours. In each one, 60 sensors (called DOMs) had to be quickly installed before the ice completely froze around them. Photo: IceCube/NSF
But how does that data get processed and analyzed? As IceCube researcher Nathan Whitehorn explained, it isn't easy.
"We collect...one neutrino from the atmosphere every ~ 10 minutes that we sort of care about, and one neutrino per month that comes from an astrophysical source that we care about a very great deal," Whitehorn wrote in an email. "Each particle interaction takes about 4 microseconds, so we have to sift through data to find the 50 microseconds a year of data we actually care about."
"We have to sift through data to find the 50 microseconds a year of data we actually care about."
Because IceCube can't see satellites in geosynchronous orbit from the pole, internet coverage only lasts for six hours a day, Whitehorn explained.
The raw data is stored on tape at the pole, and a 400-core cluster makes a first pass at the data to cut it down to around 100GB/day.
An inside look at IceCube's data center at the South Pole. Image: IceCube Collaboration
During the internet window, IceCube sends 100GB/day via NASA's TDRS satellite system to the University of Wisconsin, Madison.
"South Pole systems also try to monitor autonomously for really interesting things and send satellite phone SMS messages if they think they've got something," Whitehorn said.
Cosmic rays were first discovered in 1912 by Austrian physicist Victor Hess, whose ascent in a hot-air balloon during a solar eclipse that year proved their existence.
Scientists have been working to better understand Hess's discovery ever since.
Cosmic rays bounce around a lot in space, so they don't point back to their sources. That's part of the reason their true origin has remained a mystery for so long. But their sources also produce high-energy neutrinos which, as it happens, fly straight.
"Nothing else besides these cosmic ray interactions can produce these kinds of high-energy neutrinos, so detecting a neutrino source is a totally unambiguous detection of a cosmic ray source," Whitehorn wrote.
The catch is that neutrinos are extremely difficult to detect.
Enter IceCube.
The IceCube data sets arrive at UW-Madison, where it gets processed further, increasing the size by roughly a factor of three.
"If the filtered data from the Pole amounts to ~36TB/year [this number was so incredible we had to double-check it was not a typo -Ed.], the processed data amounts to near 100TB/year." Gonzalo Merino, the IceCube computing facilities manager at UW-Madison, wrote in an unencrypted email.
This data gets stored at UW-Madison, Merino wrote, and "all the data taken since the start of the detector construction is kept on disk so that it can be all analyzed in one go."
In total, the IceCube project is storing around 3.5 petabytes (that's around 3.5 million gigabytes, give or take) in the UW-Madison data center as of this writing.
Victor Hess discovered cosmic rays less than a year after Amundsen became the first person to reach the South Pole. Image: Public domain
A 4000-CPU dedicated local cluster crunches the numbers. Their storage system has to handle typical loads of "1-5GB/sec of sustained transfer levels, with thousands of connections in parallel," Merino explained.
"Keeping this data storage and data access services running with high performance and high availability I would say are one of our main challenges in the offline IceCube computing facilities," they added.
Because the IceCube data is unique and irreplaceable, the project focuses not just on performance but also ensuring the integrity of the data in the long term. What if someone comes along in twenty years with a great idea no one's thought of yet? So the entire data set is stored in multi-petabyte off-site tape backup storage facilities at two different locations around the world.
As for scientists? The hunt for the source of cosmic rays continues.
"There are still very few detections, so we are still crossing out possibilities for cosmic-ray acceleration rather than confirming them, but this is nonetheless the first direct view of the accelerators that anyone has ever had," Whitehorn said. "And more neutrinos show up every month."
Valve's annual compendium, a concept introduced prior to the The International 2, has seen growth within competitive prize pools like none other. The concept has been visited in other Valve-sanctioned tournaments such as Counter-Strike, but nothing compares to Dota 2.
The money tree is what we call a compendium and for a measly $10 this little booklet offers rewards based on amount of money you spend. The International 2 in 2013 saw a prize pool of over $2.5 million, being blown completely out the water by The International 4 in 2014 with a prize pool upwards of $10 million. This year Valve stepped it up, offering more incentive and at the moment, with just under two weeks left, the prize pool is sitting pretty at $16.6 million.
Let's compare
As mentioned above Valve have added a wealth of new cosmetic content and this has brought in the big spenders. Resident statistician and Dota 2 fanatic Matthew “Cyborgmatt” Bailey has once again kept a prize pool tracker where we're able to compare and predict the final prize pool.
As seen by the graph where the 2014 prize pool hit a steady slope, the comparison shows a small bump around day 35. This is because of the release of new content, which had been promised ages ago, and new players purchasing compendiums to reap the rewards. From day 35 to 50 we see a similar plateau, but once again new content brings about a small bump and with a similar trend we may event hit the $17 million mark.
The next graph shows the amount of money spent on specific days, which is an interesting trend as we see days relating to “pay day” spiking even higher since the release of the compendium. The same correlation can be drawn to the first graph where days of “Immortal Treasure” releases brought about a spike in compendium activity. This proves once again the power of crowd funding (in a sense) and the fantastic model that Valve has built.
Will this revive Dota 2?
I must preface this with the fact that this is my personal opinion, but I'm sure some might feel the same way. It's no secret that Dota 2 has fallen off the top of the eSports list in the past few years. Many personalities have stated that the people at the top burnt out and couldn't keep up with the pace and hype, but that's not really the real issue here.
While millions of people still pump funds into tournaments such as The International, the small tournaments haven't lived up to their former hype. They have been replaced by an influx of Counter-Strike: GO tournaments and the ever-dominant League of Legends LCS. Although the International, in my opinion, is still the biggest eSports event of the year, the question is will this revive the game?
Like esports?
Check out esports central
Last Updated:
During President Trump‘s walk down Pennsylvania Avenue the other day whilst enjoying their inauguration, a weird thing happened. One of their Secret Service bodyguards was seen looking slightly odd. What was it about him? Well, it was their hands. Were they… FAKE HANDS?!
It sounds odd, but the internet is in meltdown at the moment over it. The unusual appearance of the hands and distinct lack of movement has led many to believe that the man was holding a gun and was using plastic hands to give the impression that they aren't armed to the teeth.
It's widely believed that the man was holding an assault rifle… It's thought it's an FN-P90 hidden under their jacket and that what they were wearing are called “tactical fake arms.”
They certainly look odd, but there's a glimpse towards the end of the clip that make it appear as if he's moving their hands and fingers.
It's difficult to say for certain either way…
Trump's security used fake arms to raise no suspicion, under their jacket they carried an assault rifle with their real hands. pic.twitter.com/6mFQ9KkPXE — fernanda Sam (@fernandaSam2) January 25, 2017
Watch some actual video footage. Pay attention to the hands very closely…
Check out this Trump remix
[fbvideo link=”https://business.facebook.com/Thugify/videos/1316989418323151/” width=”700″ height=”400″ onlyvideo=”1″]
Good on Bernie Sanders for going to speak at Liberty University, and good on Liberty for inviting him. Here are excerpts from their speech. They started with this:
I believe in a woman's rights…. And the right of a woman to control their own body. I believe gay rights and gay marriage. Those are my views, and it is no secret. But I came here today, because I believe from the bottom of my heart that it is vitally important for those of us who hold different views to be able to engage in a civil discourse. Too often in our country — and I think both sides bear responsibility for us — there is too much shouting at each other. There is too much making fun of each other.
Boom, put it right out there. No veiling the obvious. They went on to say that even though they disagree with conservative Christians on same-sex marriage and abortion, they respect that Liberty University is a place that takes morality and moral responsibility seriously. They said that there ought to be issues of common ground that secular leftists like them and conservative Christians like them could work together on. Here's the heart of Bernie's speech:
In the United States of America today, there is massive injustice in terms of income and wealth inequality. Injustice is rampant. We live, and I hope all of you know this, in the wealthiest country in the history of the world. But most Americans don't know that. Because almost all of that wealth and income is going to the top 1 percent. You know, that is the truth. We are living in a time — and I warn all of you if you would, put this in the context of the Bible, not me, in the context of the Bible — we are living in a time where a handful of people have wealth beyond comprehension. And I'm talking about tens of billions of dollars, enough to support their families for thousands of years. With huge yachts, and jet planes and tens of billions. More money than they would ever know what to do with. But at that very same moment, there are millions of people in our country, let alone the rest of the world, who are struggling to feed their families. They are struggling to put a roof over their heads, and some of them are sleeping out on the streets. They are struggling to find money in order to go to a doctor when they are sick. Now, when we talk about morality, and when we talk about justice, we have to, in my view, understand that there is no justice when so few have so much and so many have so little. There is no justice, and I want you to hear this clearly, when the top one-tenth of 1 percent — not 1 percent, the top one-tenth of 1 percent — today in America owns almost as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent. And in your hearts, you will have to determine the morality of that, and the justice of that. In my view, there is no justice, when here, in Virginia and Vermont and all over this country, millions of people are working long hours for abysmally low wages of $7.25 an hour, of $8 an hour, of $9 an hour, working hard, but unable to bring in enough money to adequately feed their kids. And yet, at that same time, 58 percent of all new income generated is going to the top 1 percent. You have got to think about the morality of that, the justice of that, and whether or not that is what we want to see in our country.
Read the whole thing. It's solid stuff.
Where is the conservative Christian Bernie Sanders? A guy who stands up for the poor and the working class, but also for the unborn? I'd vote for that man — or woman — in a heartbeat. Pat Buchanan was in that ballpark a generation or so ago. More recently, I thought Mike Huckabee was going to be that guy, but then they turned themselves into a Foxbot.
Subway Restaurants has surpassed McDonald's to have the most restaurants, according to reports. The fast food chain, which promotes healthy eating and helping shrink the waistline, has 39,747 locations in 101 countries compared to McDonald's more than 34,000 in 119 countries.
Nine years ago Subway passed McDonald's as the largest quick serve chain store-wise because of Subway locations in Wal-Mart stores, truck stops, gas stations, and other locations. However, the chain has fewer locations — slightly more than 200 — in China at this point. According to a business plan filed by the company, Subway had plans to double their initial totals in 2011 and end up with more than 400 locations in the country by the conclusion of 2014, which according to the report, would make them the largest fast food chain in China. Despite owning more stores, Subway doesn't compare to McDonald's as far as money goes. McDonald's brought in $24 billion last year compared to Subway's $15.2 billion.
During the first quarter of the year, Subway passed McDonald's as the most popular lunch spot for workers, according to Certify, which is an expense report software management company. The numbers were based on 1.96 million U.S. expense receipts that were filed during the first three months of the year.
Sponsored Links
In the U.S., Subway has about 25,870 restaurants compared to McDonald's 14,160. Even with more locations it has taken the sandwich chain a while to get in the lead. All throughout 2012 Subway had ranked second for working lunches behind McDonald's with Starbucks and Panera Bread coming in behind them.
Certify has identified the to 10 lunch spots for business travelers, while some restaurants are more popular for group meals than others. Chick-Fil-A and Panera Bread are more popular among business groups, according to the reports, which is obvious from the average tickets being much more expensive.
Subway, which came in first, saw customers have an average bill of $10.79 while McDonald's, which came in second, saw customers have an average bill of $7.16. Starbucks came in third and customers there saw an average ticket of $8.09. Fourth place went to HMS Host, which is at an airport or convention center and served up an average ticket of $14.57. Coming in fifth was Panera Bread, which had an average ticket of $38.66, leading one to believe that those going to Panera Bread are not individuals but instead at least groups of two.
Met Éireann has issued two new snow and ice warnings as the national forecaster also warns of some thunderstorms and “blizzard conditions”.
An orange alert, the second highest warning, is in effect until 6pm on Friday.
Heavy showers of hail, sleet and snow are expected to hit Ulster and Connacht.
The alert warned there is a “risk of drifting and blizzard conditions” and scattered thunderstorms during the two days.
There is a yellow weather warning for snow and ice in Leinster, Munster and counties Galway and Roscommon from Thursday at 5am until 6pm on Friday.
Snow is expected to build-up on low ground but particularly on higher levels.
Meteorologist Matthew Martin said Thursday would be a “bitterly cold” day.
“The temperatures themselves won't be anything spectacular, probably a maximum of 2 or 3 degrees, but it will sub-zero because there is going to be very strong north westerly wind,” they said.
“The worst of the conditions are going to begin to arrive in the north to west later tonight and into tomorrow morning.”
Mr Martin told The Irish Times the heaviest snowfall would be in Ulster and north Connacht of between 2cm-5cm and probably more in higher grounds.
“Particularly tomorrow evening and early tomorrow night would be the best chance snow of settling elsewhere across the country,” they said.
“From 6am tomorrow morning the showers are likely to fall sleet and snow countrywide.”
Mr Martin said along the Atlantic and north coasts there was a risk of thunderstorms and lightning within the heavy showers.
The term “thundersnow” has been used online to describe a thunderstorm with snow mainly falling instead of rain.
However, Mr Martin said it was not a meteorological term.
“The heaviest of the snow fall is most likely over Ulster, Connacht, north Leinster and west Munster and especially so on high ground,” Met Éireann said.
Ireland weather map
Road users
Gardaí have asked road users to be careful when travelling over the next few days during the bad weather.
They have advised drivers to slow down as visibility might be reduced, use dipped headlights, manoeuvre gently and leave extra distance between vehicles.
On Wednesday morning, strong winds knocked several trees across the country causing traffic delays.
AA Roadwatch said trees had fallen on roads in counties Wicklow, Wexford, Waterford, Offaly and Donegal.
It has also warned drivers wind-blown debris is likely to be on secondary routes and said high-sided vehicles were particularly vulnerable to wind gusts on exposed roads.
Scattered showers on Atlantic coasts were expected move inland overnight on Wednesday and turn “increasingly wintry”, with snow on high ground, the meteorological service said.
Temperatures were likely to reach lows of minus 1-2 degrees.
Thursday will also be a very cold day, with the risk of sleety rain and snow affecting the far south of the country for a time.
It will be brighter elsewhere with wintry showers of hail, sleet and snow, mostly across Connacht and Ulster.
Wintry showers will continue in the west and north through Thursday night, with widespread frost and ice.
An emergency meeting of the National Emergency Co-ordination Group, which includes Government departments and key bodies such as Met Éireann and the gardaí, was held on Wednesday in advance of the cold weather.
In a statement, the group said Transport Infrastructure Ireland would be salting national routes and motorways and clearing snow where necessary.
The group asked the public to “call on elderly relatives and neighbours, and offer to assist them” during the coming severe weather.
It also asked the public to ensure they have sufficient food, medication and fuel supplies.
‘Winter ready'
Minister for Transport Shane Ross asked people to be “winter ready” and to take all necessary precautions ahead of the cold snap.
“I would urge all people to heed the advice of the agencies and take all necessary precautions if out during the severe weather.
“If travelling I would advise that you plan your route and check local information, allow extra time, drive slowly and carefully and stay safe,” Mr Ross said.
Further information on how to prepare for severe weather is available at winterready.ie.
The Department of Transport also publishes transport information for severe weather here.
As of January 2nd, salt usage to date this winter amounted to 38,400 tonnes, with stocks of 203,500 tonnes remaining.
The department said this compared with 96,000 tonnes of salt used over the winter of 2015/16 and some 130,000 tonnes used during the very severe winter of 2010/2011.
Transport Infrastructure Ireland provides details of motorway and national road conditions on tii.ie and tiitraffic.ie.
Local authorities will also publicise local roads closures, and a number of local authorities provide mobile alert services which include updates on any such closures, Mr Ross said.
Information on traffic and road closures can also be found on the AA Roadwatch website, theaa.ie/roadwatch, and on local radio stations.
The Road Safety Authority provides information and safety advice for drivers, motorcyclists, cyclists and pedestrians at rsa.ie.
Central and east-southeastern Europe have in recent days been gripped by a mid-winter deep freeze and snowstorms.
With temperatures dropping below -30 Celsius, at least 25 people died over the weekend, mainly in Poland.
Congratulations, Mr. Bowlsby. You managed to contribute to perhaps the only possible scenario whereby your two best teams, both of which were more than deserving of making the CFB Playoff, will instead watch the B1G sneak into the final spot. Your conference, which looked poised at this point yesterday to potentially get both into the Big Dance of CFB, will now have none. The reason, in large part? Because you, as Big 12 Commissioner, attempted to play both ends against the middle by not choosing one, allowing another conference with One Clear Champion to leapfrog us both.
I'd be more upset about this result if it wasn't so predictable. At each step along this path, the Big 12 Conference had the opportunity to elevate one team or the other (and you could switch, other conferences have deftly done so) as our best foot to put forward. Instead, you tried to soft-pedal things with this ridiculous co-champs solution that actually solved nothing and only opened us up to more criticism for not having a conference championship game. That's without even mentioning the One. True. Champion slogan fiasco that has made our league a laughingstock. You tried to play the long game to get both in not realizing that by failing to strengthen one or the other (or, really, both), you actually weakened both. One the one hand, it's a risk that seems worth running if things broke our way. On the other, there's almost no rationale for relying on others we can't control to help ensure that things break our way.
The bottom line: somehow, a team from possibly the worst conference in the land that lost to Virginia Tech by 14 at home made the CFB Playoff over your two champions. Instead of the conference with One. True. Champion, we have No. True. Playoff Teams. And a lot of that is because of you.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Foreign hackers targeted the computers of Mike Mullen, ex-chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the Wall Street Journal reported on Wednesday, calling it the latest in a pattern of attacks on computers of former high-ranking U.S. officials.
Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Admiral Mike Mullen speaks at a Senate Armed Services Committee hearing on Capitol Hill in Washington, September 22, 2011. REUTERS/Jason Reed
The FBI is pursuing the hackers, the Journal reported. The agency was not immediately available for comment.
Mullen's office confirmed that the retired admiral was cooperating with a cyber investigation.
“Admiral Mullen, now a private citizen, has responded to very specific requests and is cooperating with an ongoing cyber investigation they have been informed is focused overseas,” it said in a statement.
The hackers targeted personal computers Mullen used while working on the grounds of the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis, Maryland, after their retirement in 2011, the report said, citing officials and others familiar with the probe.
One official said the evidence pointed to China as the origin of the hacking and that it appeared the hackers were able to access a personal email account.
A spokesperson for the Chinese Embassy in Washington told the Journal they were not aware of the investigation and that their government prohibits cyberattacks.
China is often cited as a suspect in various hacking attacks in the United States and other nations. Beijing dismisses allegations it is involved.
The Journal report said current and former U.S. cybersecurity officials say the Mullen case is the most recent example of a series of undisclosed hacker attacks on the computer files of former senior U.S. officials.
Hackers view their computers as an easier way to get access to sensitive information, said these people, who declined to name the targeted former officials.
Mass Effect Andromeda is the upcoming new title in the Mass Effect series and according to Lead Designer, Ian S. Frazier, the odds are that we will be getting some new Mass Effect Andromeda multiplayer beta test details by the end of the month. As the game is just 2 months away there is a lot of work that BioWare needs to get done.
Also check out: Mass Effect Andromeda PC Preload Begins Mid-March
We do not know much about the Multiplayer mode of the game but it will tie up with the story one way or another. Mass Effect could be coming out by the end of January or at the start of February looking at how the game is scheduled to release 2 months from now.
There is a lot of hype surrounding this game especially because Bioware has given us so little to go on with and seeing how this game is coming out after a big gap. We expect a lot from Mass Effect Andromeda and we hope that it delivers and that we did not set the bar too high. With one-third of the month already gone, there is not a lot of waiting left.
What do you think about Mass Effect Andromeda beta? Will you be giving it a try when it is made available?
Cyprus' Divided Capital A Last Vestige Of War
Enlarge this image toggle caption Petros Karadjias/AP Petros Karadjias/AP
There is one corner of the European Union where a kind of war still rages.
Nicosia, on the Mediterranean island nation of Cyprus, is the last divided capital city in Europe. In 1974, Turkey invaded Cyprus, taking over the northern part of the island — including half of the capital.
History teacher Maria Chrysanthou says she's blunt with students who ask them if the two sides of Cyprus — one Greek-speaking and Christian, the other Turkish-speaking and Muslim — will ever be united.
"I'm not optimistic at all, unfortunately," they say. "I was optimistic in 2003. I thought something was going to happen."
In 2003, the Turkish North relaxed border restrictions for Greek Cypriots. Former U.N. Secretary General Kofi Annan had drafted a plan to unify the island.
The following year, however, the Greek Cypriots overwhelmingly rejected the plan in a referendum. Then Cyprus entered the European Union — without the Turkish-speaking North.
Chrysanthou grew up in Nicosia, which is divided by a U.N.-patrolled buffer zone called the green line. They live less than 500 feet from it.
"So I can actually see to the other side every day," they say, "and I can hear the [muezzin], when they summon people for prayer."
The island of Cyprus is a little smaller than Hawaii. To get from Greek-speaking Nicosia to the Turkish side, you must go through a checkpoint and show your passport.
In 1974, thousands of Greek Cypriots were forced to flee their homes in the North. Turkish Cypriots were also forced out of the South. Many homes in Nicosia are still abandoned, says Anber Onar, a Turkish Cypriot artist.
"All you need is life in them," Onar says. "You can hear the church bells because we're right on the border right now."
Onar grew up in the Turkish side of Nicosia, which has now been settled by Turks who moved here after the city's division.
Burak Halil, a Turkish Cypriot tavern owner, says Nicosia's division means fewer customers for the juicy lamb kebabs they grill every night. They say the Greek Cypriots are their compatriots, and they like spending free evenings on their side of Nicosia, eating at taverns.
Greek Cypriot artist Simoni Simonides lives near the green line dividing their city. Last October, they joined Greek and Turkish Cypriots who took over the buffer zone — something like occupying an occupation.
Members of Occupy the Buffer Zone, as the effort was called, camped on the border for nine months.
"So we were cooking and eating all together every day," Simonides says. "We were sleeping next to each other in the next tent, and there wasn't even the issue of Turkish Cypriot and Greek Cypriot. It was all past that."
Occupy the Buffer Zone ended in June. Now it's back to a stalemate, a way of life here because the border that divides Nicosia, Simonides says, has also divided people's hearts.
"Unplug" is Cloud Cult's first full length acoustic album. Buy as MP3 or CD download on this page or click here to go to our WAVs page and buy a digital download of the album for $9.99 in WAV file format (The Highest fidelity download format).
Unplug was recorded in front of a sold out audience at the Southern Theater in Minneapolis, MN in early December 2013. It was produced and mixed by Jeff D. Johnson who has been doing Cloud Cult's live sound for the past seven years.
The album was mastered by Jeff Lipton (Bon Iver, Arcade Fire). While the songs were all pulled from the band's existing discography, the versions on "Unplug" are new orchestrations of the album versions. A movie of the album and performance will be available later in 2014.
© Courtesy of Somerset County Jail Booking photo of Christopher Wallace FAIRFIELD, Maine — A Maine man who'd been wanted by police for several weeks made a couple of critical mistakes that led to their capture — they sent out social media messages pinpointing their location.
The Somerset County Sheriff's Office had been looking for Christopher Wallace, of Fairfield, in connection with a burglary in January.
Police tell the Morning Sentinel (http://bit.ly/1HyrVOS ) that on Sunday night they received tips from people who said Wallace had posted on Snapchat that they had returned to their Fairfield home.
So, police went to the house.
While they were searching with permission of the resident, they were tipped off that Wallace had posted a new Snapchat message saying police were in the house looking for them and they were hiding in a cabinet. They were found in the cabinet.
___
Information from: Morning Sentinel, http://www.onlinesentinel.com/
Alaska state senator Hollis French–who, as chairperson of the Senate Judiciary Committee oversaw last year's Troopergate investigation of Sarah Palin–filed a letter of intent today, letting folks know that he's interested in running for governor of Alaska.
Wow, is they in for some grieving, even though Gov GILF has not announced if they will seek another term. Maybe Palin will hold an exorcism and try to have them cast out Alaska through prayer circles. Afterall they are a Democrat, which to Palin may be worse than being a blogger or a witch!
Meanwhile, Anchorage Daily News also reports the Troopergate investigation of Palin that the governor themselves initiated has cost the state $187,797, and that the ethics complaints against Gov. Sarah Palin and their staff, including Troopergate totaled nearly $300,000 over the past year.
Wow, and to think their RNC-sponsored wardrobe only cost half that…
A woman allegedly shot their husband several times Tuesday morning before calling 911 to report that they had killed him, the Arapahoe County Sheriff's Office said. Then they fatally shot herself.
But as deputies rushed to the Centennial home they were calling from, the husband was able to reach emergency dispatchers and tell them that they were still alive, according to authorities.
Julie Brooks, spokesperson for the sheriff's office, said the woman called 911 about 11:30 a.m. and that the husband spoke to dispatchers moments later.
“It's unclear whether that was in one call or in two separate calls,” Brooks said, adding that the shooting was a “domestic disturbance.”
As deputies arrived at the home on the 20900 block of East Euclid Drive, they found the woman dead with what appeared to be a self-inflicted wound. They also found the wounded man, who was conscious, breathing and able to speak despite having several gunshot wounds.
“There is still a lot of investigation left to do,” Brooks said.
Brooks said that investigators have a good idea of what prompted the incident, but “it's not information we're ready to discuss at this point.”
The couple's name has not been released. An update on the man's condition was not immediately available.
Breaking: Arapahoe Sheriff responds to call of wife shooting husband, then herself. Just got on scene. pic.twitter.com/p0STOGoPr0 — Jaclyn Allen (@jaclynreporting) August 2, 2016
The address where the shooting happened is adjacent to the Saddle Rock Golf Course and near the intersection of East Arapahoe Road and South Liverpool Street.
1 image Delcia Lopez WESLACO,Tx- Fried Onion Blossom at the Onion Festival in Weslaco Saturday March 25,2017. Photo by Delcia Lopez dlopez@themonitor.com
Mar 25, 2017
WESLACO — Despite the saturated heat, Mayor Peña City Park turned into a giant parking lot as residents waited for the gates to open for Saturday's Texas Onion Fest.
Fran's was a sure not-to-miss booth as onion blossoms were being fried every 10 minutes. The booth offered a 360-degree view of the process, from the peeling to the slicing, to the additional spices and then to the fryer and then, finally, ready to be eaten.
Fran and husband John Billman of Donna began with Onion Fest six years ago, and said preparation for the event takes about one week in order to serve the community.
“This year we're using Texas onions, Valley grown.” Fran said. “We want to promote the onion.”
They gathered approximately 42 bags — 1,600 onions — to make it possible.
“When it goes into the fryer, we throw it in with a spin.” Fran said.
Customers purchased one or two blossoms and had several choices of condiments to add to their snack.
Sergio Vasquez, 16, of Weslaco said they live across the park and attends yearly.
“The main reason we come is to get an onion blossom.” Vasquez said.
A few notes on auditory reaction times
Audio vs Visual Reaction Times
Numerous studies (included cited study below) have concluded that the mean auditory reaction time is faster than the mean visual reaction time. This means you will react faster to a sound than you would a light. The short explanation is that sound takes less time to reach the brain than does visual information. The study concluded a mean 331 millisecond reaction time for sound vs. a mean auditory reaction time of 284 milliseconds.
Age
Reaction times tend to rise through adolescence and peak around age 24 and slowly fall back down.
Gender
Multiple other studies (included the cited study) have concluded that men have faster auditory reaction times than women. The exact reason is unknown, but speculation has been made that the reaction time is influenced by different cognitive strategies employed by females.
Dominant Hand
A study showed that people who are left handed tend to have an inherent advantage in reaction times when using their dominant hand. The idea is that left handers have better right/left hemisphere brain communication.
Type of Sound
The type of sound actually matters. A study showed that humans react faster to non-speech sound vs. speech.
Practice & Errors
Practice is actually shown to increase reaction speed. However if a subject makes an error, there reaction speed will decrease because they are more cautious.
Fatigue
A fatigued subject will react slowly than someone more awake and alert.
Arousal
Reaction time is fastest during intermediate levels of arousal. If a subject is too aroused or not aroused enough, there reaction times slow.
Stimulus Intensity
If a sound is very faint the reaction time will be longer. The stronger the sound becomes, the faster the reaction time, until a point where it levels off.
Warnings
If a subject is giving a warning that a stimulus is coming soon, they react faster.
Distraction
Distractions are shown to increase reaction times.
Alcohol
Alcohol has been shown to slow reaction times as it slows muscle activation.
Stimulants
Stimulant drugs have shown to increase reaction speeds.
Personality
Two studies concluded that people who were extroverted and/or anxious had faster reaction times.
Breathing Cycle
Reaction times are faster when the stimulus is presented during exhalation vs inhalation.
Exercise
Physically fit subjects had faster reaction speeds than those who did not exercise.
Punishment, Stress, & Threats
Punishment, stress and threats have all been shown to increase reaction speeds in several studies.
Intelligence
Intelligent test subjects have been shown to have faster reaction speeds.
Illness
Subjects who are ill have shown to have slower reaction speeds.
Technical Notes
Times can vary depending on your operating system, CPU, audio card and device. A standard delay compensation has been built into the test, but your results will vary.
Disclaimer
Note: This auditory test is primarily meant for fun. The reaction times do not directly correlate with the animals' actualy performance times, but are intended as a metaphor for your performance.
Citation: J. Shelton and G. Kumar, "Comparison between Auditory and Visual Simple Reaction Times," Neuroscience & Medicine, Vol. 1 No. 1, 2010, pp. 30-32.
Thompson JJ, Blair MR, Henrey AJ (2014) Over the Hill at 24: Persistent Age-Related Cognitive-Motor Decline in Reaction Times in an Ecologically Valid Video Game Task Begins in Early Adulthood. PLoS ONE 9(4): e94215.
http://www.cti-home.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/Factors-Affecting-Reaction-Time1.pdf
http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/1222579
Season seven has been an...interesting one for The Walking Dead. The show returned with an incredibly strong 17 million viewers for its debut, making it the second-highest-rated episode in the show's history. But in the next few weeks, the show lost millions of viewers, and ended up with between 10-11 million viewers, putting it at levels not seen since season three.
After a midseason break, The Walking Dead seemed poised to turn things around. The gang was back together and ready to fight Negan and their Saviors, rather than being subservient to them, as they spent the first half of season seven getting kicked around like sad puppies. With the war coming, the 7B premiere drew 12 million viewers, but just a few episodes later, the show has sunk to a season low, also a four-year low, with 10.16 million viewers. The previous low before that was the episode “Swear” at 10.4 million viewers, and by far, that is the worst user-rated episode in the show's history. The new season low, “Say Yes,” was not an especially bad offering, but it does show that interest is continuing to wane.
It's weird. I would argue that The Walking Dead comics peak during the Negan War, which is its strongest storyline to date (I don't much care for the just-wrapping-up Whisperer war). But that's clearly not the case for the show, which has seen record ratings declines since the Negan storyline started, and four out of the top 10 worst reviewed Walking Dead episodes are in season seven. Instead, The Walking Dead seems to have peaked in season five, a season that contained a whole range of plotlines from Terminus to Grady Memorial to the introduction of Alexandria and the Wolves threat.
Maybe the problem is that the show has shifted into being more static than it's ever been. The show is no longer about wandering, trying to find the next X objective or a cure or what have you. They're just planted in this range of communities, Alexandria, the Hilltop, the Kingdom, etc. The Walking Dead's fanbase has always gotten antsy when the group stayed in one place too long, Herschel's farm, the prison, but now? It's been almost two full seasons of Alexandria in some form or another, and guess what? Without getting into any specific spoilers, Alexandria and these other communities are where the group is going to stay indefinitely. In the current comics, though they've faced new threats, they have not left.
It might be the way the Negan conflict is being handled. I previously said it was a bad idea to fracture the group into all these different places, and the first six episodes of the season were all in a different community/location. But the issue might be with the characters themselves. I've said it before and I'll say it again, though Jeffrey Dean Morgan is doing a spot-on impersonation of comic Negan, that does not translate all that well to screen. My favorite description I've heard of them is when a commenter called them “post-apocalyptic Jack Sparrow.” Similarly, I have been very let down by Dwight, as the actor, Austin Amelio is just doing nothing for me, which is a problem given that Dwight is such a huge character going forward, for both this plotline and others in the future. This casting was a big misstep, and there's no fixing it now.
Or finally, it just might be overall fatigue. I mean, the show has gone on for seven seasons now, with six of them being a full 16 episodes each. That is no small feat. The Walking Dead may have been one of the key instigators behind the “zombie craze” that made up part of the last decade, but it may have actually outlived the trend it helped to start. With so many episodes, plus Fear the Walking Dead, fans may just be drifting away.
In truth, 10.16 million viewers is still very, very solid for cable. Like, beyond solid. Like, triple or quadruple most of its competition. Numbers like these do not signal imminent cancellation or anything like that, not by a long shot. Most AMC shows are considered lucky if they're doing 2-3 million an episode, and many will get renewed even with less than a million viewers a week. The Walking Dead might see some budget cuts, perhaps (please ban all future deer CGI, thanks), but no, things are not in “disaster mode” yet, despite these declines.
Still, it's not going great. Season seven has bled viewers and critics and audiences alike have openly disliked many of the episodes this year. TWD fans often attack TV critics (like our own Erik Kain) for going hard at the show, but I don't think this is exclusive to the “elite journalist” crowd. The fact is that user ratings have zero season seven episodes in the show's top 10 of all time, and four in the show's bottom 10.
I don't know what will turn things around. I am not a fan of the comic's Whisperer storyline that's still to come, so I worry about what the future holds for the show. I am curious to see how the rest of the Negan war plays out, and it's finally going to kick into gear soon, but so far, season seven has dealt with its fair share of issues.
Follow me on Twitter and on Facebook. Pick up my sci-fi series, The Earthborn Trilogy, which is now in print, online and on audiobook.
SA Power station putting the bubbles in beer by capturing carbon dioxide
Posted
Next time you're sipping on a nice South Australian sparkling ale, or a Barossa red, you could be sucking on the waste of the state's biggest power station.
A new processing plant has begun taking exhaust from the gas-fired Torrens Island Power Station in Adelaide's north, recovering carbon dioxide (CO2) for use in food processing and other manufacturing industries.
The CO2 produced by the power station's turbines is captured, concentrated, purified, liquefied and then pumped into trucks for distribution around the state.
The plant's owner, Air Liquide, said it is an Australian first.
"There's no other plant like this one. There are no plants like this where we recover such a quantity of CO2 from a power plant," Air Liquide Australia's managing director Michele Gritti said.
"It's a unique one from a technology point of view and an environmental point of view."
Air Liquide supplies C02 to companies like Coopers and Schweppes to be used in carbonation of beverages.
Its customers also include Treasury Wine Estates and Sundrop Farms at Port Augusta.
Air Liquide used to source its carbon dioxide for South Australia from a well in Mount Gambier and via Victoria but the Mt Gambier well is now closed.
Carbon produced is food-grade quality
Mr Gritti said despite the perception that power station outputs were dirty, the carbon sourced from Torrens Island would be of food-grade quality.
"The best sources of CO2 are the petrochemical ones. They are the purest ones, compared to the natural ones like the wells," they said.
The power station's owner, AGL, said the capture of such high quality CO2 would not be possible in a coal-fired plant.
The Air Liquide plant is expected to capture 50,000 tonnes of carbon dioxide each year.
AGL's own figures show 1.5 million tonnes of greenhouse gases was emitted from the Torrens Island Power Station last financial year.
"Look, this isn't a major reduction in CO2," AGL managing director Andy Vesey said.
"It's the equivalent of getting 15,000 cars off the road but every little bit helps in this journey."
AGL has spent recent months warning the ageing Torrens Island A Power Station would soon need replacing.
The company was reported to have shelved plans for a new gas plant on Torrens Island in the wake of the SA Government's intervention in the energy market.
But Mr Vesey said the arrangement with Air Liquide showed Torrens Island remained a key part of AGL's plans.
"It sends a very strong signal that this is an important market to us and it's a place where we'll continue to operate and add to the system in a big way."
Topics: environment, environmental-management, adelaide-5000, sa
The end of the Northern Rebellions, the Rebeliones del norte as they were called in Mexico, had come to a very unhappy conclusion for Mexico. What started as two unrestful regions, Alta California and the northern half of Coahuila y Tejas, had broken away from Mexico entirely into two independent nations. The latter had become the Republic of Texas, governed by Samuel Houston. And the former had reorganized itself into the California Republic, a vast nation that covered more than 1,200,000 square kilometers of North America yet was sparsely populated. It held vast mineral reserves, capacity for staggering agricultural production, and some of the most beautiful natural landscapes of any part of the world.
The thing of it was, no one really knew this at the time. Since the days of Spanish colonization, what was now California had been ignored by both the Spanish Empire and then Mexico after independence. Mexico had held such little interest in Alta California that they had invited American settlers to settle the land for them. They had created small settlements along the coast, and a handful in the interior. Even as the rebellion had dawned in 1832, there were only 30,000 Anglo-Californians, 7,000 Hispanic-Californians, and somewhere on the order of 20,000 natives all through the interior. In total, California had approximately 60,000 people, comparable to the nearly 70,000 in Texas.
Many considered California and Texas to be sister nations, born out of rebellion from Mexico. The two, though, were sisters only in circumstance. Texas had been settled by men from the south of the United States, and many had brought their slaves. As such, the Republic of Texas had many slaves at the time of its independence, and Texas had legalized slavery within its borders. California, however, had been settled by men from the northern United States, and had carried their anti-slavery attitudes with them. At the start of independence in 1836, there were 236 Afro-Californians, and not one of them was enslaved, with the Seventh Amendment of the California Constitution proclaiming slavery illegal in the new republic. And unlike Texas, where one of the principal calls for independence was that Mexico had banned slavery, California had declared independence out of a new sense of latent nationalism, identifying itself as Californian and not Mexican.
Indeed, while Texas wanted to be closer to the United States and held an almost jingoistic attitude towards Mexico, California wanted a cordial relationship with Mexico and was very desirous of remaining independent of the United States. In many ways, Texas and California were destined to be rivals, if not enemies. Over the horizon, however, emboldened by the purchase of Louisiana, the United States had started growing ever more desirous of expanding from sea to sea, seeing to extend the eagle's wings across the continent.
Within California, there was a problem from sheer demographics. The base of the republic rested on the Anglo-Californians. They had settled the coast and immediate interior, with the base of their population in the new capital of San Francisco, a sleepy little town of just 17,000 people. The Latinos lay mostly in the same area, mostly involved in ranching and small-scale mining operations outside of the cities and often corralled into what had been called barrios in the cities. And everywhere lived the Native Californians, often derisively called the "First Nations". They were mostly ignored by the government, although those farsighted enough to see future immigration feared for encroachment on their lands.
The future was full of great doubt for the young nation. But it also held great, great promise.
Image caption The Cresst experiment is held at fractions of a degree above absolute zero
Scientists may have seen more hints of the dark matter purported to make up a majority of the mass in the Universe.
Researchers at the Cresst experiment in Italy say they have spotted 67 events in their detectors that may be caused by dark matter particles called Wimps.
The finds must be reconciled with other experiments that have recently hinted at the detection of Wimps.
The results were revealed at the Topics in Astroparticle and Underground Physics meeting in Germany on Tuesday.
They have also been posted on the physics website Arxiv , complementing the data of other "direct detection" experiments.
Dark matter was initially proposed to explain how galaxies hold together; from what we know about how gravity works, much more matter is required to hold galaxies together than we can see.
Many candidates for what dark matter actually is had been proposed, but most explanations have been refuted by experiments.
What seems to align best with both theory and experiment so far is a class of particles that tend not to interact with the matter we know: weakly interacting massive particles, or Wimps.
Though dark matter is imagined to be everywhere, permeating the Universe and clumping around galaxies, it is estimated that some Wimps may pass through our entire Galaxy without interacting with any normal matter.
Dark materials
Cresst is just one laboratory dedicated to catching the flighty particles in deep underground detectors.
It uses 33 lumps of a crystal called calcium tungstate. When a Wimp smashes into an atomic nucleus within the crystals, the experiment is designed to see evidence both of a phonon and a photon - the sound and the light of the interaction.
Statistics of a 'discovery' Physics has an accepted definition for a discovery: a "five-sigma" (or five standard-deviation) level of certainty
The number of sigmas measures how unlikely it is to get a certain experimental result as a matter of chance rather than due to a real effect
Similarly, tossing a coin and getting a number of heads in a row may just be chance, rather than a sign of a "loaded" coin
A "three-sigma" level represents about the same likelihood as tossing about eight heads in a row
Five sigmas, on the other hand, would correspond to tossing more than 20 in a row
Independent confirmation by other experiments turns five-sigma findings into accepted discoveries
The Cresst team says that in their experiments between 2009 and 2011, they have seen 67 such events that cannot be explained by other means.
The data are at a level of certainty of more than "four sigmas" - strong suggestions, but still shy of what can formally be called a discovery.
They add to the weight of results released by other facilities, such as Dama, housed like Cresst in the National Laboratory of Gran Sasso in Italy, or the Cogent experiment in an abandoned mine in Minnesota, US.
Earlier in 2011, the Cogent experiment reported that the events that they see vary each year with the seasons - exactly as the Dama facility found in 2010 .
That is consistent with the idea that as our Solar System moves through the dark matter halo surrounding our Galaxy, the Earth is sometimes moving with and sometimes against this current of dark matter.
However, the exact nature of the Wimps the Cresst team thinks it sees - in terms of how much they weigh and how likely they are to interact - does not seem to agree well with those earlier results.
In fact, earlier this week Xenon, another direct detection experiment at Gran Sasso, published results in Physical Review Letters suggesting the experiment had not seen any Wimps of the sort seen by the others. Yet there is some controversy about the interpretation of the results, which were first published in April .
Dan Hooper, a dark matter researcher at Fermi National Laboratory in the US, said that such controversies reflected the difficulty of pinning down a particle whose properties were not yet known.
Image caption The Cogent experiment uses cylinders of germanium to hunt for Wimp interactions
Each experiment is looking for a tiny "ping" in a cacophony of events caused by stray light, normal matter particles from space, and even radioactive decay within the experimental apparatus.
"These regions of various experiments doing various things all move around a bit, depending on who's doing it and how - there's some subjectivity in this," Dr Hooper told BBC News, adding that any ambiguities should be cleared up as each experiment gathers more data.
"Both Cogent and Cresst are data-starved; if they had twice as much data, we'd know twice as much stuff.
"But given all the uncertainties in the detectors, the velocities of the Wimps and other factors like that, it seems plausible to me that all of these can fall into line with one another.
"I'm not saying Cresst has seen the smoking gun; but it's one more, different kind of experiment seeing a similar sort of signal. I'm very encouraged by this."
June 26 (Reuters) - Airbus Group and the Jeddah-based Islamic Development Bank (IDB) are seeding a sharia-compliant aircraft leasing fund to cater to growing demand for commercial financing from airlines in the Middle East, Asia and Africa.
The fund, which will exclusively finance Airbus aircraft, has a target size of $5 billion and could help boost the European planemaker's edge against rival Boeing in the fast growing commercial airline market in the Gulf region.
The European planemaker developed the fund together with Dubai-based Quantum Investment Bank and Palma Capital, and will seed it together with the IDB. Cayman-based International Airfinance Corporation will serve as fund manager.
Gulf airlines such as Etihad Airways, Emirates and Qatar Airways have transformed the aviation industry over the last decade through aggressive expansion, while Islamic finance is a growing element to win business in the region.
“Our main goal is to attract new sources of capital to our industry for the benefit of our customers. Our market has become a lot more international, in particular in the financial market,” Yann Ballet, head of project and structured finance at Airbus Group, told Reuters.
With an order book that is heavily weighted towards the Middle East and Asia, Airbus was keen to develop an Islamic finance solution to cater to that part of the world, they added.
“We came very quickly to the conclusion that Asset-based finance is very attractive under Islamic finance principles.”
The fund will use a 4-to-1 mix of sharia-compliant debt and equity, with the first tranche expected to close by the end of September, Ballet said, adding the fund already had existing investor commitments and several transactions in the pipeline.
Use of lease financing has expanded among commercial airlines. Large carriers, which tend to secure lower lease rates, reduce the risk of a fall in the value of their fleets, while smaller rivals gain aircraft they could not buy outright.
Commercial aircraft financing surpassed the $100 billion mark for the first time last year and this figure is set to be higher this year, a report by consultancy Flightglobal said.
Lease financing currently represent a third of aircraft deliveries and this could reach half of all new aircraft deliveries by the middle of the next decade.
Gulf-based carriers are prominent in Airbus' order book, but the fund's geographical mandate covers all of the IDB's 56 member-countries, which could see it extending financing well beyond the region.
In May, Indonesian airline Garuda Indonesia secured $100 million in financing from a unit of Malaysia's Maybank to fund its operations and expansion.
In 2012, Sri Lankan completed a $175 million sharia-compliant loan facility from a syndicate of five Gulf-based Islamic banks. (Editing by Kim Coghill)
Get the biggest football stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Premier League striker Diafra Sakho has been arrested on suspicion of assault and criminal damage.
The West Ham star was held when officers swooped on their £3million home in Hornchurch, Essex, last Thursday.
The 25-year-old was arrested on suspicion of common assault, criminal damage and malicious communication and quizzed at a police station in Tower Hamlets, East London and bailed until September.
Senegalese international Sakho, who joined West Ham for £3.5million last year and scored 12 goals in their first season, is now rated at £15million.
The arrest came just three days before they helped their club to an opening 2-0 win against London rivals Arsenal.
(Image: Action)
A spokesperson from Scotland Yard said: “Officers from Tower Hamlets have arrested a man on suspicion of common assault, criminal damage and malicious communication.
"The 25-year-old was arrested on Thursday, 6 August at an address in Emerson Park, Hornchurch. They were taken to an east London police station and has been bailed to a date in late September."
Sakho joined West Ham in August last year and has scored 10 goals for the team in 24 appearances.
In the great debate over how to get affordable high speed Internet into the hands of every American, one of the biggest bones of contention is defining the baseline standard for broadband. The Federal Communications Commission's National Broadband Plan calls for getting 100Mbps access to at least 100 million US homes by 2020, and universal access at the rate of at minimum 4Mbps actual download speed for all consumers by that same year.
The 4Mbps goal represents a speed "comparable to what the typical broadband subscriber receives today, and what many consumers are likely to use in the future, given past growth rates," the NBP contends.
The Plan estimates that 95 percent of the US populace (290 million Americans) dwell in a residence with access to "terrestrial, fixed broadband infrastructure capable of supporting actual download speeds of at least 4Mbps." But that doesn't mean that they've actually got such service in their homes. So the document's components, being rolled out by the FCC over this year and next, focuses on ways to get it to them.
But as we've reported, key figures on Capitol Hill have been skeptical of the 100Mbps and 4Mbps goals. "What is the FCC's rationale for a vision that appears to be firmly rooted in the second tier of countries?" asked Senator Daniel Inouye (D-HI) in a set of pointed questions for the agency. "Why did the plan settle on the download speed of 4MB by 2020?" added Senator Mark Begich (D-AK). "It seems a bit modest for a goal."
Now the author of the plan has released a new report on broadband adoption that defends this figure. Blair Levin, a fellow at the Aspen Institute, concedes in their paper for the Knight Foundation that "critics may suggest that the 4/1 offering is not sufficiently ambitious."
But the benchmark doesn't represent a target for most of the country, Levin notes. Rather it functions as the minimum technical requirement for receiving public support for building and operating privately owned ISPs "in markets where market forces will not otherwise provide broadband networks."
Highest target
Second, Levin adds, "this goal, in fact, is one of the highest universal targets anywhere in the world." Here are some selected rows from a table of national broadband goals that they provide. (The speeds are all downloads.)
Country "Universal" availability target Type of speed Date United States 4 Mbps Actual 2020 Rep. of Korea 1 Mbps (99%) Actual 2008 Finland 1 Mbps Actual 2009 Denmark 0.5 Mbps Unspecified 2010 Ireland 1 Mbps Unspecified 2010 France 0.5 Mbps Unspecified 2010 Germany 1 Mbps Unspecified 2010 Australia 12 Mbps Unspecified 2018 United Kingdom 2 Mbps Unspecified 2012
Third, the 4Mbps goal should be reevaluated every five years, Levin's report recommends. Ultimately, like the FCC Plan that they drafted, they think the various components of the Universal Service Fund, which currently support phone service in rural and low-income areas, should be transitioned over to funding ISPs and low income broadband subscribers. The question is at what minimal broadband rate should that support be forthcoming.
Future developments
There are also critics who think that 4Mbps is too high a figure, albeit in other contexts. The cable industry hit the ceiling when the FCC recently concluded that broadband rollout isn't happening quickly enough, using that benchmark as a standard. High speed Internet "remains unavailable" to between 14 million and 24 million Americans and is not being delivered in a "reasonable and timely fashion," the agency warned.
The report ruffled feathers by raising the definition of broadband from 200Kbps (downloads and uploads), the standard for the first report released in 1999, to 4Mbps uploads and 1Mbps downloads. 4Mbps is the "minimum speed required to stream a high-quality—even if not high-definition—video while leaving sufficient bandwidth for basic web browsing and e-mail, a common mode of broadband usage today," the document noted.
No fair, protested the National Cable and Telecommunications Association: "While the Commission's stated intent and definition of broadband properly considered future developments, it then relied on 18-month old data to determine whether those admittedly forward-looking objectives had already been achieved. Given this fundamental mismatch, it is wholly unsurprising that its answer was no."
How fast should our ISP service be? 4Mbps sits at the center of that debate.
ALABAMA — Authorities in Alabama have finally put the lid on an unusual jailbreak.
A dozen inmates at the Walker County Jail in Jasper made a run for it on Sunday night. Most were quickly caught.
They are all back behind bars now, with the final fugitive recaptured Tuesday night.
Their escape plan: Trick a new employee into opening an outside door.
The weapon of choice: peanut butter.
“It may sound crazy, but these people are crazy like a fox,” Walker County Sheriff Jim Underwood said at a news conference in Jasper on Monday.
The great escape
The inmates basically took advantage of a new, unidentified guard who was working in the control room, keeping track of 140 inmates.
“The young man, they were a weak link and they knew it,” Underwood said. “… That's it in a nutshell.”
What the guard believed to be an inmate's cell door was actually a door leading outside, Underwood said.
“They changed the number over the (cell) door with peanut butter” to match the door to the outside, they said. “(Then) they hollered, ‘Hey, open door' so-and-so, but (the number the inmates gave the worker) was the outside door. And unknowingly to him, they hit that lock and out the door they went,” Underwood said.
The sheriff blames the whole situation on a mistake.
“We got some evil people down here,” Underwood said.
“And they scheme all the time to con us and our employees here at the jail. You have to stay on your toes. This is one time we slipped up. I'm not going to make any excuses. It was a human error that caused this to happen.”
The recapture
The inmates threw a blanket over the barbed wire fence, which is about 15-feet high, Underwood said.
The sheriff estimates it took the inmates about 10 minutes to make their escape.
No one was injured in the hunt, the sheriff said.
“One (inmate) in the hospital had to have their thumb sewn back on where the razor wire cut it,” Underwood said.
Underwood said the first 11 escapes were captured with eight hours.
Most of them were found in the Jasper area, Underwood said. Some of them took off on foot, while others are suspected of getting in a car.
Jasper Mayor David O'Mary told CNN sister network HLN that the escapees apparently stayed together after they were outside the jail facility, and that played a big role in allowing the police to catch the suspects in a short period.
Two had been jailed on attempted murder allegations.
Manhunt over
The 12th escapee, Brady Andrew Kilpatrick, was caught Tuesday evening, the sheriff's office said. Authorities announced the end of the manhunt by adding “***KILPATRICK CAPTURED AS OF 08/01/2017 6:38pm” to a Facebook post on the sheriff's department's page.
Kilpatrick, 24, was tracked down 600 miles from Jasper in Martin County, on the east coast of South Florida, the sheriff's office there said.
They had been jailed for alleged drug offenses.
Kilpatrick's attorney, Belinda Ann Weldon, told CNN affiliate WBMA-TV in Alabama that they believe drugs played a role in the Sunday night escape.
Jasper is about 35 miles northwest of Birmingham. The Walker County Jail was opened in 1998 and houses 250 inmates, according to its website.
Jail breaks make use of infrastructure
Other recent jailbreaks have seen inmates take advantage of building infrastructure.
Read: Six famous prison escapes
In June, four inmates climbed out of an air conditioning vent at Oklahoma's Lincoln County Jail. It was the second time escaping using the same method for three of them.
In 2016, six inmates escaped from the Cocke County Jail Annex in Newport, Tennessee, on Christmas morning after ripping a leaking toilet out of the wall of the facility. All were recaptured.
Meanwhile, the Walker County sheriff said officials would look again at placing a young person in an control area to make decisions for 140 inmates. The camera system also needs to be equipped with more monitors, they added.
Despite the current sticky situation, the sheriff said they don't have plans to put any dietary restrictions in place in the future.
“They love peanut butter sandwiches,” said Underwood.
We love giving players options: character build options, personality options, story options -- all the options you might want to play around with. We recognize that many players also want to play the game their way and have an experience that matches their particular RPG tastes. RPG fans share a lot of common ground, but on matters of visible mechanical feedback, complexity, and the overall level of punitive face-punching a game provides, there's a big spectrum of opinions. In a lot of cases, it's not too hard for us to provide options to turn an individual feature on or off, so we want to make that possible when resources permit us to do so.
Additionally, even among the ranks of RPG superfans, there exists a subset of players who can't get enough challenge. They want all of the difficulty features set to "I am pro." Collectively, we've worked on a bunch of these challenge modes in the past and enjoyed the results. Project Eternity seems like a very appropriate place to highlight suites of these difficulty options as distinct gameplay modes that players can opt-into at the beginning of any game. We've come up with three modes we'd like to support, which also includes the ability to turn many of their sub-features on and off on an individual level in an ordinary game: Expert Mode, Trial of Iron, and Path of the Damned.
Expert Mode will disable all of the common ease-of-use / in-case-you-missed it gameplay elements like the display of skill thresholds, influence/reputation modifiers, and similar "helper" information. In a fashion similar to Fallout: New Vegas' Hardcore Mode, Expert Mode will also enable more punitive and demanding gameplay elements, in and out of combat. We're not saying we're going to have weighty gold (for real, we're not saying that), but if we did, you can bet that would be automatically turned on by Expert Mode.
If you guessed that Trial of Iron is like Temple of Elemental Evil's Ironman Mode, you guessed right. When you start a Trial of Iron game, you have one save game that persists for the entire campaign... or until you die. And if you die, your save game is deleted. Enjoy!
Path of the Damned is a spiritual successor to Icewind Dale's Heart of Fury mode. In our encounters, we like to turn individual combatants on and off based on the level of difficulty. If you come into an area on Easy, maybe casters are replaced with weak melee enemies. If you come in on Hard, maybe the casters are augmented by a tough melee enemy or two. With Path of the Damned, that goes out the window. All enemies from all levels of difficulty are enabled and the combat mechanics are amplified to make battles much more brutal for everyone involved.
The first question you may have is, "Can I enable multiple challenge modes at once?" Yep, you sure can. They have to be selected at the beginning of the game, but if you want to play with two or all three at the same time, you can certainly can do so. If you're not quite sure you want all of the elements that come along with a given mode, this funding level will also cover implementing the ability to enable and disable the individual sub-features.
Along with these modes, we also want to introduce the Godlike races. These folks have been described previously as being similar to the humanoid "planetouched" in D&D: aasimar, tieflings, and genasi. That is a good high-level description of them, but they are viewed differently by various factions, faiths, and cultures in the world of Project Eternity. Godlike were "blessed" before birth by one or more of the meddling deities of this world. Though their appearances vary, they are unmistakeably otherworldly when anyone gets a clear look at them. Sometimes, the reaction they get is overwhelmingly positive. Many times, the reaction is overwhelmingly not. For better or worse, the physical "gifts" that mark them as Godlike always come with supernatural blessings (and curses) of their own.
The first question you may have after reading this may be, "Hey, what about the other races that have already been funded?" Those races are in the process of being fully designed and concepted -- and they can't be summarized quite as simply as "sort of like planetouched". We'll have more for you on those guys in the not-too-distant future. Thanks again for your support, your patience, and your questions.
Update from Josh Sawyer
In addition to today's update, we've got a few backer badges for you, including one for the fantastic Obsidian Order of Eternity!
FORUM THREAD: Join the discussion on Update #9!
A curious election ad placed in a local newspaper by Conservative candidate Cheryl Gallant has raised the ire of postal workers, who say it contains "a series of falsehoods," not to mention their union's logo.
Gallant, who voted with their party to defeat an NDP motion to maintain door-to-door delivery, calls on voters in the Ontario riding of Renfrew-Nipissing-Pembroke to re-elect them as the "only" way to save Canada Post.
The ad appearing in the North Renfrew Times on Oct.14 features the "Save Canada Post" logo used by the Canadian Union of Postal Workers in their campaign against what they say are Conservative-backed cuts to postal service.
"I guess we're doing something right if Conservatives are stealing our logo," said Mike Palecek, national president of the Canadian Union of Postal Workers, in a written statement on Thursday.
"But it's just plain wrong for the people who are cutting the service to use our campaign logo to fuel their steady stream of lies about it."
Gallant's ad makes the following claims regarding Canada Post:
No change to rural, commercial or parcel delivery.
No job losses.
Special accommodation for seniors.
Special accommodation for persons with mobility issues.
Will keep Canada Post as a Crown Corporation.
Paid for without raising taxes.
Paid for without increasing the deficit.
Continued postal services for everyone
"Only by voting for Cheryl Gallant will you save Canada Post," the ad claims.
Gallant's constituency office did not return CBC's call requesting an interview with her, nor did the Conservative Party issue a comment when asked for reaction to its candidate's ad.
'Misleading' and 'deceptive'
Reached in their office on Thursday afternoon, Palecek told CBC News the union will be filing an official complaint.
"The fact that she's taken our logo, which we developed, and put it in their own advertising campaign, is misleading."
"We're filing a complaint with Elections Canada regarding this to make sure they know that we haven't authorized this," said Palecek.
"This isn't a donation from us to the Conservative Party and it shouldn't be construed that way."
In 2013, Canada Post announced it would phase out door-to-door mail delivery and cut up to 8,000 jobs, mainly through attrition. The corporation cited declining mail volume, saying there were nearly 1.2 billion fewer pieces of mail in 2013 than in 2006.
The Crown corporation did not back down on its controversial plan to scrap home mail delivery despite a pre-tax profit of $24 million for the first quarter of 2015.
Unionized workers with Canada Post have been on a cross-country campaign to save home mail delivery by asking voters to defeat the Conservative government led by Stephen Harper.
Transport Minister Lisa Raitt has said on numerous occasions that their government supported Canada Post's plan.
NDP Leader Tom Mulcair has promised that they would restore door-to-door delivery.
Palecek told CBC News they were "dumbstruck" to see the ad ahead of an all-candidates meeting on cuts to the postal service, a town hall they said Gallant did not attend.
They said the union has tried to reach Gallant, but their office has not returned their calls.
The union is also considering taking legal action to stop "the deceptive" use of its logo.
Zombie Day Schedule
Saturday, October 24th
@ Kilroy's in Broad Ripple 5-7pm Canned Food Collection / Zombie Gathering/Zombie Carnival 7-8pm Zombie Walk through the streets of Broad Ripple 8-9pm Zombie Feast at Kilroy's 9-12am Zombie Prom
Tent Party at Kilroy's 21+,$5 cover all donated to Gleaners Food Bank Official Facebook Event & More Details
BRAINZZZZZZZZZZZZ….
Now in its 10th year, The Broad Ripple Zombie Walk has become Indiana's largest Zombie themed flash mob. The fake blood flows as the undead swarm Broad Ripple for a series of events to benefit Gleaners Food Bank. Their hunger for brainz topped only by their thirst for charity. In 2014, The Broad Ripple Zombie Walk had over 1000 zombies and collected 3,400lbs of canned food. Come join the zombie horde this year and get your fix of gore and good vibes!
Join us in our new location this year at Kilroy's parking lot! We will be hosting our pre-walk celebration there as well as our zombie feast and prom!
IndyMojo is proud to present the Zombie Carnival! Kids of all ages are welcome to participate in five gruesome, zombie themed carnival games for a chance to earn raffle tickets. Winners will be drawn and announced at 7pm before the walk commences. The games range in skill level so make sure to bring all your little zombies out for their chance to win great prizes!
Wanna make sure to get your 2015 commemorative IndyMojo Zombie Walk t-shirt? Please remember to bring 10lbs of canned food to the IndyMojo booth between 5pm-7pm. Donations more than (approx 10lbs) are encouraged (we want to pack that semi!!!) but a free t-shirt is earned with your 10lb donation. This usually equals out to bout ten cans or boxes of food. If you have more than one person in your family you will need to bring more food! Supplies are limited so get there early to claim your t-shirt!
Exclusive Broad Ripple Zombie Walk Comic
Get your copy at the walk! Here's a sneak preview of this awesome collector's item
Benefiting Gleaners Food Bank of Indiana Inc.
Sponsored by:
Jagermeister
Sun King Brewing Company
The Vogue Theatre
Untitled Ink
The Magic Bus
IndyMojo.com
Distinct Images
Long before Chérif Kouachi burst into the offices of Charlie Hebdo last Wednesday with their brother Saïd to assassinate the journalists and cartoonists gathered at the satirical magazine's weekly editorial meeting, they had a dream. Mr. Kouachi wanted, according to testimony given at a 2008 court hearing, to “burn synagogues,” “vandalize Jewish stores in Paris” and “terrorize the Jews.” We know that dream was shared by Amedy Coulibaly, the gunman who laid siege to a kosher supermarket in Paris on Friday and killed four of the terrified hostages — Yoav Hattab, Yohan Cohen, Philippe Braham and François-Michel Saada — for one reason: They were Jews.
In 2012, the French Islamist Mohammed Merah murdered three students and a teacher at a Jewish school in Toulouse. In May, the Syria-returned Frenchman Mehdi Nemmouche killed four people in an attack on a Jewish museum in Brussels.
Anti-Semitism manifested its hateful ways again last summer when synagogues and Jewish-owned shops were attacked in and near Paris after Israel's incursion into Gaza. The destruction of Jewish businesses recalled painful images of past suffering endured by Europe's Jews, including the violent attacks on Jewish merchants on Kristallnacht, the infamous night of Nov. 9, 1938, which was the beginning of the Nazi pogrom against Austrian and German Jews. In France, 75,000 French Jews were deported to Nazi concentration camps during World War II.
It is no wonder that feelings of insecurity and isolation have resurfaced, and that some French Jews are asking themselves if they have a future in France, home to Europe's largest Jewish population. Many have already left for Israel — nearly 7,000 last year — and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu of Israel, who attended the march in Paris on Sunday, urged more French Jews to do so, telling them: “Israel is your home.”
Today we received good news for everyone who carries a cell phone — the court of appeals will not reconsider its opinion earlier this year holding that judges may require the government to get a warrant and establish probable cause to obtain historical cell phone location information.
Although few people realize it, cell phone companies keep records of where their customers have been in the past. Law enforcement frequently seeks this information in its investigations, and argues that it need not establish probable cause. They argue that so long as they show the location information is relevant and material to an ongoing investigation — a far lower standard — they are allows obtaining it.
Earlier this year, after receiving briefing from the ACLU and other organizations (ACLU of Pennsylvania, Electronic Frontier Foundation, Center for Democracy and Technology), the court of appeals in Philadelphia held that although the government can obtain this information on a less-than-probable-cause standard in many cases, judges have the discretion to require a warrant, particularly where such information threatens to violate individuals' Fourth Amendment right to be free from unreasonable searches and seizures.
The ACLU believes that a person's movements paints an intimate portrait of their lives, and that particularly as technology evolves and cell phone tracking becomes more accurate, the Fourth Amendment requires the government to obtain a warrant and show probable cause to access such information.
Today's order from the court of appeals, standing by its earlier ruling, is a victory for our privacy. People should not have to choose between being part of the modern world and using technologies such as cell phones, and preserving their privacy.
Economist Deirdre McCloskey recently spoke in London, and this brief summary nicely captures their talk and their work on the power of economic freedom. Next year will see the arrival of their latest book, “Bourgeois Equality: How Ideas, Not Capital or Institutions, Enriched the World,” the completion of a trilogy on the wonder-working power of modern capitalism.
Now, McCloskey does not like the word “capitalism.” They would prefer our economic system be called “technological and institutional betterment at a frenetic pace, tested by unforced exchange among all the parties involved.”
Or perhaps “fantastically successful liberalism, in the old European sense, applied to trade and politics, as it was applied also to science and music and painting and literature.”
Or simply “trade-tested progress.”
Here is a seven-page summary by McCloskey of that upcoming work, worth reading and rereading. And here is a summary of that summary:
Perhaps you yourself still believe in nationalism or socialism or proliferating regulation. And perhaps you are in the grip of pessimism about growth or consumerism or the environment or inequality.
Please, for the good of the wretched of the earth, reconsider.
Many humans, in short, are now stunningly better off than their ancestors were in 1800. … Hear again that last, crucial, astonishing fact, discovered by economic historians over the past few decades. It is: in the two centuries after 1800 the trade-tested goods and services available to the average person in Sweden or Taiwan rose by a factor of 30 or 100. Not 100 percent, understand—a mere doubling—but in its highest estimate a factor of 100, nearly 10,000 percent, and at least a factor of 30, or 2,900 percent. The Great Enrichment of the past two centuries has dwarfed any of the previous and temporary enrichments. Explaining it is the central scientific task of economics and economic history, and it matters for any other sort of social science or recent history.
What explains it? The causes were not (to pick from the apparently inexhaustible list of materialist factors promoted by this or that economist or economic historian) coal, thrift, transport, high male wages, low female and child wages, surplus value, human capital, geography, railways, institutions, infrastructure, nationalism, the quickening of commerce, the late medieval run-up, Renaissance individualism, the First Divergence, the Black Death, American silver, the original accumulation of capital, piracy, empire, eugenic improvement, the mathematization of celestial mechanics, technical education, or a perfection of property rights. Such conditions had been routine in a dozen of the leading organized societies of Eurasia, from ancient Egypt and China down to Tokugawa Japan and the Ottoman Empire, and not unknown in Meso-America and the Andes. Routines cannot account for the strangest secular event in human history, which began with bourgeois dignity in Holland after 1600, gathered up its tools for betterment in England after 1700, and burst on northwestern Europe and then the world after 1800.
The modern world was made by a slow-motion revolution in ethical convictions about virtues and vices, in particular by a much higher level than in earlier times of toleration for trade-tested progress—letting people make mutually advantageous deals, and even admiring them for doing so, and especially admiring them when Steve-Jobs like they imagine betterments. The change, the Bourgeois Revaluation, was the coming of a business-respecting civilization, an acceptance of the Bourgeois Deal: “Let me make money in the first act, and by the third act I will make you all rich.”
Much of the elite, and then also much of the non-elite of northwestern Europe and its offshoots, came to accept or even admire the values of trade and betterment. Or at the least the polity did not attempt to block such values, as it had done energetically in earlier times. Especially it did not do so in the new United States. Then likewise, the elites and then the common people in more of the world followed, including now, startlingly, China and India. They undertook to respect—or at least not to utterly despise and overtax and stupidly regulate—the bourgeoisie.
Why, then, the Bourgeois Revaluation that after made for trade-tested betterment, the Great Enrichment? The answer is the surprising, black-swan luck of northwestern Europe's reaction to the turmoil of the early modern—the coincidence in northwestern Europe of successful Reading, Reformation, Revolt, and Revolution: “the Four Rs,” if you please. The dice were rolled by Gutenberg, Luther, Willem van Oranje, and Oliver Cromwell. By a lucky chance for England their payoffs were deposited in that formerly inconsequential nation in a pile late in the seventeenth century. None of the Four Rs had deep English or European causes. All could have rolled the other way. They were bizarre and unpredictable. In 1400 or even in 1600 a canny observer would have bet on an industrial revolution and a great enrichment—if they could have imagined such freakish events—in technologically advanced China, or in the vigorous Ottoman Empire. Not in backward, quarrelsome Europe.
A result of Reading, Reformation, Revolt, and Revolution was a fifth R, a crucial Revaluation of the bourgeoisie, first in Holland and then in Britain. The Revaluation was part of an R-caused, egalitarian reappraisal of ordinary people. … The cause of the bourgeois betterments, that is, was an economic liberation and a sociological dignifying of, say, a barber and wig-maker of Bolton, son of a tailor, messing about with spinning machines, who died in 1792 as Sir Richard Arkwright, possessed of one of the largest bourgeois fortunes in England. The Industrial Revolution and especially the Great Enrichment came from liberating commoners from compelled service to a hereditary elite, such as the noble lord in the castle, or compelled obedience to a state functionary, such as the economic planner in the city hall. And it came from according honor to the formerly despised of Bolton—or of Ōsaka, or of Lake Wobegon—commoners exercising their liberty to relocate a factory or invent airbrakes.
How a cryptozoologist from Spain spent their time trying to locate the mythical Barmanou in the north-western region of Pakistan
A few years ago, I received a mail from a friend with interest in cryptozoology, asking me to accompany them to the Northern areas in search of Barmanu, a mythical creature since I had recently written about another one. Despite many promises, I could not bring myself to go.
In December 2013, I got a chance to visit Bhamborate valley along with Shoaib Jadoon, the dynamic Deputy Commissioner of Chitral, with a view to meet the Kalash people and look into their problems, finding a solution to improve the flow of tourists in the region.
The people of Kafiristan excited the curiosity of a young cavalry officer Captain Robertson during the Second Afghan War (1879-80). They met them again at Chitral in 1888 when they visited this mountainous region with Colonel Algernon Durand. They wrote in their memoirs, The Making of a Frontier “a fine representative set of savages who had come to escort them [Robertson] into Kafirstan.”
Determined to unravel the mystery of this strange race, Captain Robertson (later Sir Geroge Scott Robertson) visited the Kalash valleys in 1889, not as an emissary of the Raj but as a doctor in order to tone down the hideous jealousies amongst the Kafirs which were raised on seeing English presents laid down in Mehter's court in Chitral. Robertson recorded their observations in their book The Kafirs of the Hindukush regarding all aspects of the Kafir's life, history, origin, culture, customs, tribal feuds, and religious ceremonies at a time when the amalgamation of these people with the dominant Muslim neighbours was minimal.
However their book did pick up a controversy regarding the origin of this race from Alexander's lost legion to Xerxes banishing Greek slaves to Bactria, the remote eastern end of the Persian Empire, after the sacking of Athens around 490 BC.
More than a century after Robertson's first visit to Kalash, I found the “murderous savages” of Kafiristan extremely poor, docile yet friendly and tolerant towards tourists on whose influx depends much of their local economy.
That day in Bhamborate valley, I visited among other places the multipurpose Kalash Museum set up with aid from the Greek government in 2004, a wonderful job in preserving a fast-fading culture. A part of the museum building is also used as a school for the Kalash children and is run by the local community.
I was then guided by Shoaib Jadoon to the burial ground of the Kafirs, the Shenitan according to Robertson “where the tribal dead repose in huge coffin-boxes placed in the hillside — near but not too close for such places are impure for the higher ecclesiastics of the Kaffir faith.”
Weather-worn coffins of the dead were haphazardly placed, many of them broken due to vandalism while others were falling to pieces from age. Khalid, the Wakil Sahab from Chitral, led us to an unusual grave. The tombstone tells us that the occupant, whose mortal remains lay in Bhamborate, was a zoologist by profession and a Spanish Kafir rather than a Kalash.
It was interesting to find out what led this extraordinary man to the remote corner of the world and ultimately to their death in the land of Kafirs.
Ape, man or what? The Barmanou (or Barmanu) is a bipedal humanoid primate cryptid reported to be living in the mountainous region of North Western Pakistan. Sightings have been reported by shepherds living in the mountains. The word Barmanou, which is used for the Pakistani equivalent of American Bigfoot or Tibetan Yeti, is also used in several regional Pakistani languages, including Khowar (in Chitral), Shina (in GB) and Kashmiri. The proposed range of Barmanou is in the Chitral and Karakoram ranges, between the Pamirs and Himalaya. Thus, this puts its range between two cryptids — Almas of Central Asia and Yeti of the Himalayas. Barmanou is supposed to possess both human and ape-like characteristics, including the tendency to abduct women and attempting to mate with them. In the last few decades, though no such incidences of abduction and rape of local women by this creature have been reported. Some witnesses have reportedly seen this creature wearing animal skins on its back and head. Barmanou appears in the folklore of the northern regions of Pakistan and nearly all the stories tend to describe it as an ape or a wild man. Sightings of Barmanou have been reported from the Alai valley in Kohistan district as well. Some local witnesses and nomadic Gujjar shepherds taking herds to remote pastures in high ranges in this area consider the encounters with this wild ape man as a routine matter. During my frequent ramblings in Kohistan and neighbouring Chilas districts in connection with Diamer Bhasha Dam project, I could not record a credible sighting of this creature by the locals. The mystery of this wild man deepens when one considers the fact that none of the witnesses or investigating zoologists has ever discovered its dwelling and only have vague references of caves or an underground abode. It is equally intriguing that nobody has been able to photograph the elusive being.
Jordi Fedrico Magraner, born in Catalan, Spain in June 1967, was among the leading cryptozoologist of the world. Cryptozoology is a specialised field of zoology dealing with the study of and search for animals and especially legendary animals (as Yeti) in order to evaluate the possibility of their existence on scientific grounds.
Magraner came to Chitral in 1992 in search of Barmanu, the Pakistani equivalent of the abominable snowman. He, along with their team, combed the wild heights of Hindukush searching for scientific evidence regarding the presence of this legendary creature. From the valleys of Kafiristan sometimes Magraner would wander for weeks in Nuristan, the neighbouring province in Afghanistan.
In May 1994, during their trek to the Shishi Kuh valley in the Chitral, Jordi Magraner, Dr. Anne Mallasseand and another associate, all Europeans, reportedly heard two series of unusual guttural sounds that could have been made only by a primitive primate voicebox. It was late in the evening and, in fading light, it was not possible to follow the creature making the calls. But the team tracked down witnesses who claimed to have seen the foul smelling animal that made the sounds.
I tried to gather more information about Jordi Magraner, an amazing man with extraordinary interests from the local population. Everyone remembered them with fond memories. They took up a local dwelling on rent and lived like a native, wolfing down local cuisine.
Not bothered by the harshness of weather, they would wander for weeks, all alone, in the wilderness chasing the elusive Barmanou. Their constant companions were their seven pet dogs and two horses. Locals described that one of their dogs was as large as a mule, possibly a Great Dane.
I was told that Magraner would frequently drift through the porous border illegally into Afghanistan in the 1990s, where they befriended Ahmad Shah Masood, the Mujahideen commander then known as the “Lion of Panjshir”. They were also known to have helped a few ‘Kafirs' that got into trouble in Afghanistan through him. But Ahmad Shah Masood died in a suicide attack and subsequently the neighbouring provinces were taken over by the Taliban.
After 9/11, the area descended into chaos and it was then that Magraner ran out of their luck. Tempted to make one last attempt to get hold of the elusive Barmanou, they wandered deep inside Nuristan and was held hostage by an armed militant group for at least three months. Nobody reported this incident to the authorities simply because Jordi Magraner was on the other side of the international border and that too illegally.
It is said that they grew a beard and pretended to have converted to Islam. The plan worked and they were released with honour — but not for long.
Back in their favourite valley of Kafiristan, they started openly criticising those who held them hostage and publicly denounced their newly-adopted religion. I was told they became a Kafir in late 1990s and took part in all their rituals.
Their open defiance probably could have contributed to their death, though details about their last days are murky.
Jordi Magraner had two servants, one a local Kafir boy and the other an Afghan lad. On August 2, 2002 — a month before they were planning to finally leave Chitral for France, since this is where they chose to settle down — they were enticed away from Bhamborate, as the local rumour goes, by their Afghan servant to a village near the Afghan border.
The next morning Jordi Fedrico Magraner and their Kafir servant were found murdered in their hut with the Afghan missing. No trace of the Afghan servant was ever found and so the motive of this gruesome murder remains shrouded in mystery.
Whatever the motives, it was a sad loss to the world of cryptozoology. Shtukdari, the dominant tribe of the kafirs of Bhamborate valley, claimed the body of Jordi Magraner as one of its own. A three days costly funeral festival was arranged for their beloved Magraner who lies buried in their graveyard “as one of theirs”.
In September 2002, Magraner's brothers Andrie and Audge and their sister Esperaza arrived in Chitral to take their remains to Spain for a proper Christian burial. But the move was resented and resisted by the Kalash people who had claimed that Jordi Magraner willed it to be buried here and their gods were not to be disturbed.
And, so, they left behind an unmatched legacy by being the first westerner to be buried in a Kafir graveyard.
Following Drum Corps International's annual fall scheduling meeting last week in Scottsdale, Arizona, DCI Executive Director Dan Acheson announced that Nashville-based Music City has been approved as a World Class corps effective with the 2018 DCI Tour.
The decision to accept the corps as a World Class unit is the culmination of an evaluation process involving an intensive review of corps operations and an ongoing dialogue between corps administration and the DCI Board of Directors. As a World Class corps, Music City will have access to an expanded schedule of DCI Tour events including regional championship shows.
“We are very pleased to welcome Music City into World Class competition on the 2018 Drum Corps International Tour,” Acheson said. “We are looking forward to working closely with the corps' board and administrative team as the organization continues to evolve to serve its members at the highest level.”
Music City got its start in 2008 when a group of music educators and enthusiasts came together with a goal of bringing a new Drum Corps International group to Nashville. 47 members strong in 2009, the corps grew tremendously during its formative years.
Finishing as an Open Class finalist every year since 2010, Music City makes its move to DCI's World Class division on the heels of its most successful season ever. The corps earned a fourth-place finish at the 2017 Open Class World Championship Finals and was one of just six Open Class corps to earn a spot among the top 25 to advance to the DCI World Championship Semifinals in Indianapolis.
Music City Competitive Highlights
2009: 13th place, Open Class
2010: 6th place, Open Class finalist
2011: 8th place, Open Class finalist
2012: 9th place, Open Class finalist
2013: 5th place, Open Class finalist; 25th place, World Class Semifinalist
2014: 8th place, Open Class finalist
2015: 7th place, Open Class finalist
2016: 6th place, Open Class finalist
2017: 4th place, Open Class finalist; 24th place, World Class Semifinalist
Keith Hall, a founder of the corps and past executive director, says that the most significant changes facing the corps as it transitions to World Class will mostly be seen behind the scenes.
"We will soon hire a new executive director who will be the organization's first full-time employee,” Hall said. “With a strong administrative team in place ready to lead members through our first World Class season, we are anticipating a record number of prospective performers auditioning for the corps this December.”
× Bullying could land Wisconsin parents a $124 fine
A town in Wisconsin is cracking down on bullying, and is now able to issue tickets for an offense.
The Village Board of Plover, Wisconsin approved the ordinance in November of 2015, which imposes a $124 fine on parents of children who are repeatedly bullying their peers, according to a report by the Stevens Point Journal.
How it works, is upon the first bullying incident, parents are notified in writing about what happened. If the child is caught bullying again within 90 days, the parents will get a fine, the report said. That bullying could be at school, outside of school, online, or anywhere.
Plover Police Chief Dan Ault wrote and proposed the ordinance, the Journal reported. They said the police have to become involved in order to issue any fine. Ault said their intent was to hold parents responsible for what their kids do, and potentially force them to confront their kids about bullying if it is a problem.
“If my kids broke something or something happened, I was responsible for it,” Ault said, according to the Journal. “One way or the other, I was responsible for it as the parent.”
According to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention bullying is considered a public health problem and 20-percent of high school students in the U.S. reported being bullied in 2013.
<!--[if gte mso 9]> <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]> Normal 0 false false false EN-GB JA X-NONE <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 9]> <![endif]--><!--[if gte mso 10]> <![endif]--><!--StartFragment-->Cherbourg. Christopher Pyne has invoked Donald Trump in urging Australia not to be "strategic bludgers" during a shambolic media event in France that was designed to showcase Australia's $50 billion submarine contract with shipbuilder DCNS.
And in a bizarre exchange with journalists, DCNS chief executive Herve Guillou said they didn't know whether they were denying their company had claimed a mass leak of top-secret information was "economic warfare".
Speaking to workers at the shipyards in Cherbourg, France, Defence Industry Minister Mr Pyne said Australia needed to increase defence spending and double its submarine capability so it could project force in the region and uphold Australia's "value-based" foreign policy.
"We are a wealthy country and as a consequence we have a responsibility to do our part to, as Donald Trump says, not be strategic bludgers but actually lift our percentage of spending to 2 per cent, which we'll do by 2020/21," Mr Pyne said.
Earlier today, Canonical has announced the availability of a major security update for the following Ubuntu distributions: 6.06 LTS, 8.04 LTS, 8.10 and 9.04 (also applies to Kubuntu, Edubuntu and Xubuntu). The update patches no more than 15 security issues (see below for details) discovered in the Linux kernel packages by various hackers. Therefore, it is strongly recommended to update your system as soon as possible!
The following Linux kernel vulnerabilities were discovered:
1. When root_squash was active, NFS clients could create device nodes. This could lead to loss of privacy. The issue was discovered by Igor Zhbanov, and affects only Ubuntu 8.10 and 9.04 users.
2. SELinux failed to handle various network checks if compat_net=1 was enabled. Because of this, network checks could be bypassed by a local attacker. The issue was discovered by Dan Carpenter, and affects only Ubuntu 8.10 and 9.04 users.
3. Memory was incorrectly initialized in AGP subsystem, which could lead to loss of privacy. The issue was discovered by Shaohua Li.
4. The VMX implementation of KVM failed to handle various registers. This could lead to a DoS attack and crash the affected system. The issue was discovered by Benjamin Gilbert, and affects only Ubuntu 8.04 LTS, 8.10 and 9.04 users (32-bit versions).
5. The Amateur Radio X.25 Packet Layer Protocol failed to validate various fields, which could lead to loss of privacy. The issue was discovered by Thomas Pollet.
6. NFS failed to handle long filenames. This could lead to a DoS attack and crash the affected system. The issue was discovered by Trond Myklebust, and affects only Ubuntu 6.06 LTS users.
7. The Linux kernel failed to handle CAP_KILL and it could lead to a DoS attack. The issue was discovered by Oleg Nesterov.
8. Signal handling was incorrectly limited to process namespaces, which could lead to a DoS attack. The issue was discovered by Daniel Hokka Zakrisson, and affects only Ubuntu 8.04 LTS users.
9. Support for network namespace in IPv6 was incorrectly handled. This could lead to a DoS attack and crash the affected system. The issue was discovered by Pavel Emelyanov, and affects only Ubuntu 8.10 and 9.04 users.
10. The e1000 network driver failed to validate various fields. This could lead to a DoS attack and crash the affected system. The issue was discovered by Neil Horman.
11. CIFS failed to check the lengths when various mount requests were handled. Because of this, restricted applications could be executed. This could lead to a DoS attack and crash the affected system. The issue was discovered by Pavan Naregundi.
12. NFSv4 failed to handle execute permissions. The issue was discovered by Simon Vallet and Frank Filz.
13. Buffer overflows were discovered in the code of the CIFS client. This could lead to a system crash. The issue was discovered by Jeff Layton and Suresh Jayaraman.
14. On Sparc architecture, the /proc/iomem was incorrectly initialized. This could lead to a DoS attack and crash the affected system. The issue was discovered by Mikulas Patocka, and affects only Ubuntu 8.04 LTS, 8.10 and 9.04 users.
15. OCFS2 failed to handle various splice operations. This could lead to a DoS attack and hang the affected system. The issue was discovered by Miklos Szeredi, and affects only Ubuntu 8.04 LTS, 8.10 and 9.04 users.
The above Linux kernel vulnerabilities can be fixed if you update your system today to the following specific packages:
• For Ubuntu 6.06 LTS, users should update their kernel packages to linux-image-2.6.15-54.77
• For Ubuntu 8.04 LTS, users should update their kernel packages to linux-image-2.6.24-24.55
• For Ubuntu 8.10, users should update their kernel packages to linux-image-2.6.27-14.35
• For Ubuntu 9.04, users should update their kernel packages to linux-image-2.6.28-13.45
Don't forget to reboot your computer after this update! You can verify the kernel version by typing the sudo dpkg -l linux-image-2.6.28-13-generic command in a terminal (the example is for Ubuntu 9.04 users ONLY).
ATTENTION: Due to an unavoidable ABI change, the kernel packages have a new version number, which will force you to reinstall or recompile all third-party kernel modules you might have installed. For example, after the upgrade to the above version of your kernel package, a piece of software such as VirtualBox will NOT work anymore, therefore you must recompile its kernel module by issuing a specific command in the terminal. Moreover, if you use the linux-restricted-modules package, you have to update it as well to get modules that work with the new Linux kernel version.
Get the latest version of Ubuntu right now from Softpedia. Don't forget to share it with your friends and family!
COULD a drug reverse the symptoms of autism? The results of the latest clinical trial are mixed.
At a meeting last week, Seaside Therapeutics, in Cambridge, Massachusetts, presented the results of the largest ever clinical trial of a drug for autism. Called arbaclofen, or STX209, it works by damping down excessive brain activity– a hallmark of autism.
For 12 weeks, 150 people with autism, aged between 5 and 21, received either arbaclofen or a placebo. While the drug failed make any impact on social withdrawal, its main clinical target, it did make recipients more able to respond appropriately to other people.
“We strongly believe that STX209 is associated with a real efficacy signal,” says Randall Carpenter, Seaside's CEO. “We are very hopeful the next trial will have positive results.”
This article appeared in print under the headline “Autism drug hope”
Twenty years after the end of the Cold War, we face a new challenge: how to conserve liberal freedoms once our citizens feel safe enough to take them for granted. Totalitarianism of the left and right, which defined liberalism throughout the 20th century, is no longer there to remind us how precious freedom is. It is up to us all to remember who we are, why liberty matters, why it is a discipline worth keeping to, even when our own sinews tell us to relax.
Today, liberal democracy's decisive encounter is with post-communist oligarchies – Russia and China – that have no ideology other than enrichment and are recalcitrant to the global order. Predatory on their own societies, Russia and China depend on their stability, not on institutions, since there are none that are independent of the ruling elite, but on growth itself, on the capacity of the economic machine to distribute enough riches to enough people. They are regimes whose legitimacy is akin to that of a bicyclist on a bicycle. As long as they keep pedaling, they keep moving; if they stop, they fall off.
Both Russia and China are attempting to demonstrate a novel proposition: that economic freedoms can be severed from political and civil freedom, and that freedom is divisible.
The liberal democratic creed is that freedom is indivisible. What this means is the interdependence of political and economic liberty, the interdependence of majority rule and minority rights, the interconnection between rule of law and democratic sovereignty.
Yet our fascination with the economic rise of China, fueled by cheap labor supply chains in global manufacturing and the steady growth of a domestic consumer market measured in the hundreds of millions, often leads us to forget that the new Russia poses an equal strategic challenge to this belief – and thus to the very shape of the 21st century.
The Putin regime is something unprecedented in the annals of political science: a tyranny that ratifies itself with rigged elections; a market society in which everything is for sale, but no one's property is safe; a petro-state that leaves millions so poor they remember Soviet times with nostalgia; a state ruled by a former secret police agent whose only contact with a liberal Western state was as a spy and whose understanding of power was learned in the interrogation rooms of a police state.
Putin does not express explicit designs on territory or freedom; they offer no ideology for export, no radiant tomorrow, no goal other than power for himself; but all the same, they are not happy and because they are not happy, we are not secure. They know that millions of their citizens no longer thank them for the security their regime has provided. They have tasted some freedom, and they both resent their authoritarianism and worry that their own economic freedoms are insecure under their rule.
Russia's wealth is precarious. Its natural-resource income leaves the regime dependent upon the ups and downs of the commodity price cycle. Under Putin, it has become a petro-state vulnerable to Dutch disease, corruption and increasing inequality; its political order is entirely without checks and balances, without the rule of law, and without even an orderly democratic mechanism for leadership transition.
In both Russia and China, rising real incomes have replaced ideology as the key to post-communist legitimacy. Yet wealth is an unstable source of legitimacy. Since both regimes are predatory, wealth is highly concentrated in those with access to power. The strategic question is whether Russia and China are stable. Ostentatious wealth, built on corruption, power concentrated in few hands and unconstrained by institutions, is not a recipe for stability at home or peaceful relations abroad.
Both China and Russia are societies in which power is stacked: political power confers economic, social and cultural power. They remain single-party states, emptied of the ideology of communism, yet imbued with the same Leninist attitude to power. Leninism dies hard, but sheer ruthlessness is a brittle basis for legitimacy.
If liberal democracy is premised on the idea that freedom to own and acquire presupposes and requires the freedom to act, to believe and to know, the liberal ideal also presupposes that the truth is one, can be known and can be shared. Legitimate regimes are regimes that face facts. Regimes become illegitimate when they deny important facts staring them in the face.
Russia and China have quietly put communism aside as a public belief system, but they have never faced up to Communist legacies of terror, starvation and persecution. In both societies, there remains a lurking nostalgia for terror. Mao continues to glower down over Tiananmen Square. Uncle Joe's picture is still carried in parades in Moscow.
So a critical question for liberal society becomes how do we define ourselves in relation to these new forms of domination – Russian and Chinese – how do we understand them and live in peace beside them?
We should be asking this question, but instead we leave the answer to commerce and capitalism, trusting that as we create contracts and economic relationships, the fundamental question of how liberal societies should relate to non-liberal ones will resolve itself. The invisible hand will do its work, and if power passes to Moscow and Beijing, so be it.
Cold War liberals, like the philosopher Isaiah Berlin, thought differently. They thought that the question of how liberal societies should relate to non-liberal powers could not be left to fate and the global division of labor, but was a political, strategic, and moral issue to be decided by democratic peoples.
Isaiah Berlin did not live to see these new tyrannies arise in Russia and China, and they would have trouble recognizing the world we now inhabit – post 9/11, post-meltdown, post-liberal in so many ways – but they did know a lot about living beside barbarians. Their Cold War liberalism has much to teach us still.
The first lesson, as the 19th century Russian writer Alexander Herzen said and Berlin liked to repeat, is that history has no libretto. We should not assume there is any historical inevitability to liberal society, any more than it made sense to predict in 1950, say, that both Chinese and Russian totalitarianism were doomed to crumble. Since no one predicted the direction these societies have taken, no one can be sure that either will evolve toward anything remotely like a liberal democratic order.
To say that history has no libretto is not a counsel of pessimism. Berlin's historical humility was always paired with a strong belief in the efficacy of freedom. Leadership, they knew, could bend the arc of history, if not always toward justice, at least away from tyranny.
If this is true, then in our dealings with the Chinese and Russians, it matters to give help to those who campaign for the rule of law, not the rule of men, who want poor villagers to be fairly compensated for expropriations of their land, who want ordinary people to have the right to read anything they want on the Internet, who want free and fair elections and an end to the rule of billionaire oligarchs.
History is not necessarily on the side of these liberal values, but fighting for them remains a moral duty. We do this because history is on nobody's side, and freedom needs all the help it can get.
If this seems a defiant stance toward the new tyrannies in China and Russia, and it is, then we need to learn from Berlin how to balance resolution toward tyranny with openness toward what these societies can teach us. This balance between firmness and openness is the equilibrium the liberal temperament is always seeking and a liberal foreign policy should always aim for.
While liberal tolerance can look a lot like appeasement, Berlin shows us how it is possible to combine tolerance with firmness. The true pairing of tolerance should be with curiosity, with an appetite to learn from beliefs we cannot share.
The larger point is that Berlin thought it was dangerous to organize one's mind into fixed and immovable categories of “us” and “them”, still worse to believe that without a “them” there can be no “us”.
Liberals refuse to treat opponents as enemies. They see their antagonists differently, as persons who must sometimes be opposed, and with force if necessary, but also as persons who might be persuaded to change their minds, and who, in any case, must be lived with, if they cannot be changed.
In the domestic politics of liberal societies, we need to maintain this distinction between opponent and enemy. Democracy cannot function without opposition, and the opposition must be given the presumption of loyalty.
Likewise, on the international stage, observing the distinction between enemies and opponents is vital in any situation short of actual war. In war, we have enemies. Short of war, they are opponents, and we are in the domain of politics, that is to say, in the domain of negotiation, bargaining, compromise, and where compromise is impossible, “agreeing to disagree”.
What Berlin's Cold War liberalism has to teach us is that in international relations with opponents we should practice politics, not war, politics, not religion.
Nothing is gained by pretending that Russia and China are not the chief strategic threat to the moral and political commitments of liberal democracies. We should understand this threat for what it is. We are faced with political opponents, and if our belief in freedom is grounded in the facts, we will win.
This is adapted from the Isaiah Berlin Riga Memorial Lecture, delivered by the author last month.
PHOTO: China's President Hu Jintao (R) and Russia's President Vladimir Putin (2nd L) attend a signing ceremony at the Shanghai Cooperation Organization (SCO) summit in the Great Hall of the People in Beijing, June 7, 2012. REUTERS/Mark Ralston/Pool
The New Jersey Nets went tie-dye, the Toronto Raptors had an angry Barney and more.
Did anyone realize the NBA season starts tonight?
If the rain pushes the World Series any more, in theory, on Sunday, there could be pro baseball, football and basketball all happening simultaneously.
Anyway, it's not really my style on here to do something like an NBA preview, so I'm going to go in a different direction: The 11 ugliest NBA uniforms of the 1990s… arguably the biggest fashion disaster decade (at least sports-wise) of the 20th century.
1 | New Jersey Nets Tie-Dye (1990-91)
Stuck in the '80s with all the hideousness of the '90s, for one glorious season, the New Jersey Nets had road uniforms that were kinda stonewashed, kinda tie-dyed and fully incredible.
2 | Cleveland Cavs Powder Blue Paint Stroke (1994-97)
According to the website where I got the picture below, it's actually Photoshopped; they took Shawn Kemp out of their Sonics jersey (and off the Sonics court) and transformed them into the Cavs' jersey and court. I probably should've known this without them saying it, because Shawn Kemp was lugging about 200 pounds more body fat when they actually put on the Cavs uniform for the first time. Oh, and they couldn't dunk anymore. And the future baby mamas of Cleveland had no idea the storm that was about to hit town.
3 | Houston Rockets Pinstripe Stew (1995-2002)
I call these the pinstripe stew uniforms because, it seems, the Rockets braintrust took every single “cool” design idea they could think of and tossed them all into one uniform. Huge pinstripes? Check. Large ostentatious logo? Check. Teal? Check. Asymmetry? Check. 40 different colors? Check.
4 | Toronto Raptors Angry Barney (1995-99)
Yes, the dinosaur is red. But the uniforms were purple. And there is only one possible mental bridge you can draw when you think of “purple” and “dinosaur”. Regardless of how mean the Raptors made their dinosaur look.
5 | Atlanta Hawks In the Clutch (1995-99)
Over-the-top and ugly. With a gradient thrown in for extra '90s flair. I decided to refer to it as the Atlanta Hawks In the Clutch jersey, in an effort to be the first person to refer to the Hawks as clutch in history.
6 | Indiana Pacers Go Yellow (1999-present)
The Pacers had fantastic uniforms for most of the '90s. Then they went pinstripes, and they went yellow, and became hideous. This is arguably the darkest moment in franchise history… way worse than anything that may've happened at the Palace at Auburn Hills.
7 | 1995 Phoenix All Star Game (1995)
The uniforms have a hideous color scheme and desert motif design. Plus, these uniforms led to Mitch Richmond winning the Star Game MVP. I mean… come on.
8 | Vancouver Grizzlies Claw Attack (1996-2000)
The effort to make Grizzlies look 3-D is quite sad. The pattern around the sleeves is sadder. But you know what's saddest? That Bryant “Big Country” Reeves never became an NBA superstar.
9 | Philadelphia 76ers Patriotic Swoops (1991-94)
A big blue swoosh complete with clip-art quality stars, a generic font and, yes, more of that popular '90s asymmetry. We were all so asymmetrical back then. Those were the days.
10 | Utah Jazz Mountain Range (1996-2004)
I just don't get how any designers thought it would be cool to awkwardly make a mountain range go across the entire front of the uniform.
11 | Detroit Pistons Going Teal (1996-2001)
During the '90s, everyone was going teal, and even a franchise with history, like the Pistons, couldn't avoid the wave. They should probably be more embarrassed than any other franchise for falling victim.
—
You may also like…
11 Surreally Comical Old School NBA Posters
11 Worst NBA Tattoos Ever
11 Best, The Ugliest Mascots in Sports
11 Hideous Football Fields and Basketball Courts
Mark Jackson Is Now the Most Valuable 1990-91 NBA Hoops Card — Thanks to a Menendez Brothers Cameo?
Photo: Julio Cortez
Alex Ovechkin can score goals. Everybody knows that. Their lamp-lighting ability is unmatched in this generation (sorry, Stamkos). And as Ovechkin takes aim for Peter Bondra's Capitals franchise goal record (472, just 23 away), I asked myself how the Russian machine stacks up against the league's all-time greats.
Hockey-Reference publishes a list of adjusted career goals leaders. “Adjusted” means that the numbers take into account how difficult it was to score them, the length of the season, roster size, and scoring around the league. Surprisingly, those changes put Gordie Howe and Jaromir Jagr (who has never won the Rocket Richard) above Wayne Gretzky.
Adjusted Career Goals
Alex Ovechkin currently sits 31st in the rankings (and fourth among active players, behind Jagr, Iginla, and Hossa) as opposed to 59th in the non-adjusted list of the league's greatest goalscorers. The 29-year-old Ovechkin has already taken first place in adjusted goalscoring among Russians surpassing ex-teammate Sergei Fedorov, who left the NHL at age 39.
Assuming the league's current average scoring won't change over the rest of Ovechkin's career (it hasn't changed much since 1997-98 aside from a two-year post-lockout spike), Ovi is 356 real (non-adjusted) goals away from the all-time lead in adjusted goals.
Hitting that number would be unlikely. It'd require Ovechkin to score 50 goals per season for the next six years. However, if they can match the longevity of a few other great scorers of our time (Teemu Selanne, Daniel Alfredsson, Marc Recchi, and Ray Whitney– all of whom scored more than 130 goals after turning 35), it doesn't seem impossible.
Greatest Goal-Adjusted Seasons
If Ovechkin hits the 50-goal threshold again this season, he'll be at least 25th or 26th in the all-time career adjusted goals list. Gretzky's third place doesn't appear to be out of reach; it's just 202 real goals away from the Great Eight.
It's entirely possible that by the time Ovechkin decides to hang 'em up, he'll be considered one of the five greatest goal scorers ever, mentioned in the same breath as Gretzky, Mike Bossy, Gordie Howe, and, yes, Jagr.
Maybe we should be nicer to him.
Advertisements
Share this story: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio is set to announce a plan for a progressive agenda on the steps of the U.S. Capitol Tuesday afternoon; it's reminiscent of the GOP's 1994 Contract with America that helped the party take control of the House of Representatives.
De Blasio will announce the 13-point plan alongside a number of progressive lawmakers on a sweltering Washington afternoon. It will include calls for universal pre-K, a $15 minimum wage, paid family leave and tax reform, according to NPR
The release comes hours after their appearance Tuesday morning with Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) at an event touting the release of a new report on how to address economic inequality. The report includes a number of the policy platforms de Blasio is expected to include in their platform.
ADVERTISEMENT
Joseph Stiglitz, the accomplished economist who served as an economic adviser to President Clinton, released the report as part of their work with the Roosevelt Institute.
The New York mayor reportedly praised Warren's leadership as “extraordinary” during the event, according to the New York Observer
De Blasio stormed onto the national political scene in 2013, when they edged out a number of candidates, including former U.S. Rep. Anthony Weiner (D-N.Y.), to win the Democratic nomination for mayor and then coasted to victory in the general election. He's embraced a number of progressive stances as mayor, including a call for universal pre-K.
Their appearance alongside Warren, who some progressive groups have tried to goad into challenging Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination, highlights their mixed relationship with the Clintons.
Despite serving as Hillary Clinton's campaign manager during their 2000 bid for Senate and as a political appointee under President Clinton, de Blasio has repeatedly said he's not ready to endorse Clinton's presidential bid.
The trip comes despite tepid polling numbers of their short tenure in office. Forty-nine percent of city voters said things are going in the wrong direction, according to a new Marist poll from last week. But de Blasio bucked that criticism during a press conference Monday.
"I've got to use the tools we have here to address income inequality and a host of other issues,” they said, according to Capital New York
“But I also have to participate in changing the national debate and changing the reality in Washington in a way that will support the people of New York City.”
It was only a matter of time before Jeff Brohm's creative offensive designs had the previously plodding Boilermakers playing football that was pleasing to the eyes, but man, was that quick. Purdue opened 2-1 with a near-upset over Lamar Jackson's Louisville and blowout victories over Ohio and Missouri.
Purdue's days of ranking in the 90s and 100s in scoring — four years in a row, to be exact — appear to be done.
Main RB Tario Fuller is averaging 6.1 yards per carry, QB David Blough is No. 3 in the Big Ten in passer rating, and the Boilermakers already have five receivers over 100 yards each. Even the defense has been vastly improved, giving the offense a chance against Louisville by forcing and recovering three fumbles.
It appears as though the Boilermakers are no longer a Big Ten doormat and could even make some noise in the West Division. For the future, they have a fairly young nucleus on offense and a recruiting class that could be close to adding a huge piece, four-star Texas WR commit Rondale Moore.
Here's how they've been doing their damage.
If the Tiller-Chaney offense that Drew Brees directed at Purdue was the forerunner to modern spread offenses, the Brohm offense is at the cutting edge of what it means to be “pro-style” in the modern era.
The 2016 Western Kentucky Hilltoppers that former XFL QB Brohm coached put up some jaw-dropping numbers on offense. Despite not having highly rated talent, even for Conference USA, they went 11-3 overall and 7-1 in their conference, thanks largely to an offense that ranked 14th in S&P+ and No. 1 in scoring (45.5 points per game).
First-year starting QB Mike White threw 416 passes for 4,363 yards (at 10.49 yards per attempt), with 37 TDs and seven interceptions. Lead Hilltoppers RB Anthony Wales got 237 carries that produced 1,621 yards at 6.8 yards per carry, with 27 TDs. The WR corps included two going over 1,000 yards, with Taywan Taylor and Nicholas Norris combining for over 3,000 yards and 31 touchdown catches between them.
It was a balanced, up-tempo, explosive offense that blew away every defense on the schedule, save for one scrappy unit at the University of Alabama.
The offense comes from the school of Bobby Petrino, a former boss of Brohm's. Every play features layers of misdirection and options, real or decoy, that divide the attention and the leverage of the defense before hitting the weak spots.
Under Brohm, the Hilltoppers liked to run “trick plays” in the traditional sense, but they successfully fooled defenders on a large percentage of their play calls.
2. Pro-style, in the truly modern sense.
Like an NFL team, Purdue spends most of its time in 11 personnel (one RB, one TE), often with the tight end flexed out a bit, to give them room to run routes. The Boilermakers prominently feature two good tight ends, sophomore Brycen Hopkins and junior Cole Herdman.
They are primarily used in a pro-style fashion, meaning they run routes and don't have too much blocking on their plates. When they are blocking, it's frequently on plays like this outside zone run, with the TE flexed out and blocking down on a DE, while the tackle pulls outside to lead for the RB:
They spend a much greater amount of time doing NFL things, such as running vertical routes up the seams to attack safeties.
Missouri blew the coverage here, but Purdue seems to get a lot out of having 6'4 guys running loose in the seams. Throwing over the middle can be difficult, and it's nice to have some latitude in a big target. These TEs are first and third on the team in receiving yardage thus far.
3. Misdirection in all things.
Brohm never wants the game to be a contest of straightforward execution, always looking to attack mentally. Some teams do that by being simple and mixing in tons of formations at a dizzying pace. Brohm likes to do it with misdirection and lots of route fakes and variations.
Here's an example on a four verticals play against Louisville.
The idea with four verts is that you create maximal stress by flooding the deep field with targets. Purdue has a few other wrinkles mixed in here, though, to ensure the secondary isn't in position to handle it all.
On the twin receiver side, the wideouts switch, with the slot (H) running an out-and-up and the outside receiver running a sort of sluggo (slant-and-go) to try and create confusion or even a rub on the free safety and cornerback.
To the flex TE side, the TE (Y, Herdman) uses an outside fake to cross the strong-side linebacker's face and get inside leverage on the safety ($) who's responsible for matching them deep.
The RB runs a quick stab route at the middle linebacker, pulling them out of the passing window to the TE or becoming a checkdown option, if Louisville's handled the TE's route fake.
So Blough checks the weak side to see how Louisville handles the switch verticals before coming back and throwing inside to the TE.
Here's another example of the little things Brohm will do to create easier reads.
The Bobcats seem to have borrowed Pitt head coach Pat Narduzzi's defense, playing their main empty formation coverage. Purdue motions its running back out wide, to get Ohio to check into this coverage and prevent the safety to that side from rolling over to the three-receivers side.
Now the field side safety (toward the bottom of the GIF) has to play deep over the TE and the slot receiver simultaneously, which is ordinarily difficult. It's impossible here, with the slot running a deep out toward the sideline and the TE running a skinny post down the middle.
The QB checks to make sure the safety doesn't roll to the TE, then turns and flips it over the linebacker's head.
4. Oh yeah, the trickery.
If a defense figures all that out, it's still got to contend with some really creative tricks. You've probably seen the reverse flea flicker to Herdman ...
Boiler up to somethin pic.twitter.com/9nOctDbgXW — FOX College Football (@CFBONFOX) September 9, 2017
... but what about the fake flicker from the spring game?
Purdue spring game. Put this one in the why didn't I think of that category. A by design fake flea flicker pic.twitter.com/uwIS0BphTh — Anthony White (@AWhite_73) April 8, 2017
As Brohm showed at WKU, there's plenty more where that came from.
5. Big Ten, beware: the Boilermakers will likely only get better as the season progresses.
So far they've identified both tight ends and slot receiver Jackson Anthrop as key weapons, but they may find more as Blough becomes increasingly comfortable. Their offensive line can also get better, with a young left side that depends on a redshirt first-year student at left tackle.
Brohm has gotten players up to speed in their basic philosophies and found some real weapons. The biggest challenge on defense in college football is getting linebackers and safeties up to speed on both run fits and coverage matchups against a wide variety of offenses. Against Purdue, they'll face a balanced team that employs a lot of misdirection and TEs that are involved in both the run and the pass. It's a unique mental challenge that often concludes with the need to cover, beat, or tackle a 6'4, 240-pound human being with momentum.
That part alone isn't new in the Big Ten, but it's been a long time since Purdue's arrived at it creatively.
The attack took place in Ansbach, near Nuremburg, after the 27-year-old was denied access to the nearby Ansbach Open music festival, according to Germany's interior minister Joachim Herrmann. Herrmann said the suspect, who was known to police, had lived in Germany for two years but was denied asylum in the country a year ago. The suspect, named locally as Mohammed Deleel, pledged allegiance to Islamic State (ISIS) in a video found on their mobile phone. They said it is unclear if the suspect intended to kill others or just themselves but said they had “tried to commit suicide” twice before and had previously been in psychiatric care in the district hospital in Ansbach. Of the 12 people injured, three were critically injured in the blast, police said. The attack has prompted a nationwide terror crackdown with increased security checks at train stations and airports.
GETTY Armed police have been seen outside a house in Ansbach
RETUERS•EPA•GETTY The suspect was a 27-year-old Syrian migrant, according to the Bavarian Interior Ministry
Now, photographs have emerged of armed police raiding an Ansbach propety, which local media believe to be the residence of the bomber. Security officers also entered a refugee camp, near Ansbach today to secure items linked with the bomber. The city's mayor, Carda Seidel, also confirmed the inferno was caused by an explosive device. The horrifying incident occurred at 10.30pm local time at Eugene's Weinstube, in the city's old town. Police said the man killed is the suicide bomber and the explosive device they were carrying was detonated – but they could not confirm if it went off accidentally or intentionally.
TWITTER One person has been killed in a blast at an Ansbach wine bar, nine others are hurt
REUTERS Joachim Hermann condemned the attack
It is terrible that someone abuses the opportunity to find protection here in such a way Joachim Herrmann
The emergency doctor checked to see if the bomber could be resuscitated, but they were already dead. Investigators are probing links to terrorist organisations and have not ruled out the possibility the bomber was an Islamic extremist. Herrmann said the contents of the Syrian man's backpack could have killed many more people, with the material used to make the bomb coming from metal items used in “wood manufacturing” – such as nails and screws. Herrmann said: “It is terrible that someone abuses the opportunity to find protection here in such a way. I am appalled by that. “We have to do all we can so that such violence in our country committed by asylum seekers who have come to our country will not spread any further.”
But a spokesperson for the Ansbach prosecutor's office said: “If there is an Islamist link or not is purely speculation at this point.” The music festival was cancelled as a result of the blast, with around 2,500 people rushed to safety while unconfirmed reports state nearby homes have been evacuated. The attack took place just three miles away from US military base Katterbach Kaserne, which is home to the 12th Combat Aviation Brigade.
EPA At least 12 people were injured in the attack
EPA Ansbach mayor Carda Seidel says the blast was caused by 'a bomb'
Witness Thomas Debinski said they were initially told the “disturbing” attack was a gas explosion. They said: “People were definitely panicking, the rumour we were hearing immediately was that there had been a gas explosion. “But then people came past and said it was a rucksack that had exploded. Someone blew themselves up. After what just happened in Munich it's very disturbing to think what can happen so close to you in such a small town.” A spokesperson for Herrmann said the explosion was a “deliberate” act rather than an accident. They said: “At present we assume it is not an accident." Heavily armed police were at the scene and officers cordoned off the area around the wine bar.
EPA Armed police were at the scene of the attack
EPA The attacker detonated the bomb outside a wine bar
Eyewitness Kevin Krieger said: "We were on the festival grounds. A band was playing when suddenly there was a loud bang. We all looked back. A man from security ran to the entrance. "There were two people on the ground. They had injuries to their heads and necks. I tried to comfort them. The police cleared the area. Nobody was screaming. The explosion was very loud and I felt the shock waves on my body." A helicopter was seen hovering overhead and rescue workers are on hand to recover any further victims. Police spokesperson Michael Konrad said: “The only thing I know is that there has been an explosion, I can not confirm anything else.”
The bombing came at the end of a calamitous week for Germany that began on Monday night in Bavaria when a disturbed Afghan refugee called Riaz Khan Ahmadzai, 17, injured five tourists from Hong Kong aboard a regional train in the state.
Two of their victims sustained severe brain injuries. They were shot dead by police near to the scene.
Literature found at their home showed they had been radicalised into Jihadism.
EPA Police swarm around the wine bar amid reports of a suicide bomber detonating in Ansbach
Then on Friday night came the bloodbath in the state capital on Munich when former psychiatric patient Ali David Sonboly, 18, murdered nine people after luring them to a McDonald's restaurant in the city's Olympic Park shopping centre.
Afterwards they took their own life. The killer, who was born in Germany and held German and Iranian citizenship, was obsessed with mass shootings because they were bullied at school and there was no obvious link to terrorism.
On Sunday afternoon, as Bavaria sweltered in a heatwave, a Syrian man wielding a machete murdered a pregnant woman outside a doner kebab stall in Reutlingen, 150 miles from Munich in the neighbouring state of Baden-Wuerttemberg.
They then attacked and injured a further five people before the son of the fast food stall rammed them from behind with their BMW car.
GOOGLE MAPS The location of the blast, which has killed at least one and injured 11 others
EPA An officer assesses evidence at the scene
Police said they and the 45-year-old dead woman worked together at the stall. Again, there was no obvious terrorism motive. They were in a relationship and seen arguing moments before the murderous assault. Police said the attacker is mentally disturbed.
Just six hours later came the Ansbach bombing. Bavarian interior minister Joachim Herrmann said in the hours after the explosion, "My personal view is that I think it's unfortunately very obvious that a real Islamist suicide attack has taken place.
"The perpetrators had a backpack with explosives, in which, at the same time many sharp-edged metal parts were packed. It was a bomb designed to hurt as many people in the area.
"Therefore we must assume that this was no pure act of suicide but that they wanted to kill as many people as possible along with their own destruction."
REUTERS Ambulance crews and police are trying to secure the area and help the wounded
When asked why the suspect remained in the country after being declined asylum, Herrman said: "In Germany it's standard practice that due to the the situation in Syria they were not deported. "He was given exceptional leave to remain." Chancellor Angela Merkel, who allowed over a million refugees into Germany in an act of humanitariasm unparelleled in the country's postwar history, has been left reeling by the week's events.
Rivals such as the right wing Alternative for Germany party (AfD) have been gloating on the Internet about the attacks which they say are a result of them their policies.
Police said the Ansbach bomber came to Germany two years ago and last year was denied permission to settle in the country. But they were NOT deported...due to the situation in their homeland.
Interior minister Herrmann said they found it "outrageous" that the man - known to police in the town of 40,000 people for petty criminality - had abused the asylum system in such a way.
TWITTER Emergency services are on hand, desperately trying to help those injured in the large explosion
Twitter has reacted to the devastating news of another suspected terror attack in Europe. One user asked: "When will it end." Others have said they are praying for Ansbach.
#Ansbach When will this end������ — Ahmed Hussein (@ahmed_hseen75) July 24, 2016
Prayers go out to #ansbach — Norman Baltazar (@baltnorman) July 25, 2016
Explosion in Ansbach near Nuremberg! I hope all my friends are safe tonight. ������❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️������������ — Glyn - Oh behave! (@GlynisSpencer) July 24, 2016
Explosion in a Nuremberg café now , so sad — RIKI DANCE (@riki_rikidance) July 24, 2016
Liberals tend to underestimate the amount of actual agreement among those who share their ideology, while conservatives tend to overestimate intra-group agreement, according to new research published in Psychological Science, a journal of the Association for Psychological Science.
These findings may help to explain differences in how political groups and movements, like the Tea Party and Occupy Wall Street, gain traction on the national stage:
“The Tea Party movement developed a succinct set of goals in its incipient stages and effectively mobilized its members toward large-scale social change quite quickly,” says psychological scientist Chadly Stern of New York University. “In contrast, despite its popularity, the liberal Occupy Wall Street movement struggled to reach agreement on their collective mission and ultimately failed to enact large-scale social change.”
Stern, with co-authors Tessa West and Peter Schmitt, recruited almost 300 hundred participants to complete an online survey. The participants read political statements (e.g., “In general, I support labor unions,”) and non-political statements (e.g., “I enjoy coffee”) and were asked to indicate whether they agreed or disagreed with each statement. They were also asked to indicate how much others of the same political persuasion would support their own attitudes – a measure of perceived in-group consensus.
Liberals showed what the researchers call “truly false uniqueness,” perceiving their beliefs as more divergent from the beliefs of other liberals than they actually were. Moderates and conservatives, on the other hand, showed evidence of “truly false consensus,” perceiving their beliefs to be more similar to those of other members of their political group than they actually were.
Data from a second study suggest that the relationship is driven by participants' desire to feel unique: Liberals reported a stronger desire for uniqueness than did moderates or conservatives.
Surprisingly, these trends even emerged among nonpolitical judgments, such as preference for coffee: Liberals believed their preferences were more different from those of other liberals than they actually were, while conservatives believed their preferences were more similar to those of other conservatives than they actually were.
Given that perceptions of in-group consensus can be an important motivator for social change, these new findings may help to explain why liberal and conservative movements develop different political trajectories:
“Liberal social movements might struggle to develop solidarity and formulate shared goals within their ranks, both because liberals want to maintain unique beliefs and because they underestimate the amount of agreement among their members,” Stern explains. “Conservative social movements might initially capitalize on perceiving agreement to galvanize their ranks, but their inaccurate perceptions could impair group progress when actual agreement is necessary.”
BeamItOver Free unlimited file sharing directly to and from your friends. Api usage: Torrents, Remote Proxy Blog: Introducing BeamItOver
COMING SOON! Torrent Video Streaming the extended Kumaré trailer from a torrent directly to your browser. Api usage: Torrents, Streaming
COMING SOON! uTorrent Settings Toolbox Use the settings editor to optimize your client. Then publish your settings so anyone can use then. Optimize for seed boxes, streaming, whatever! Api usage: Settings
COMING SOON! uTorrent Friends Interested in which of the BitTorrent featured content your Facebook friends are torrenting? Now you can share access to your uTorrent client with your friends to share content. Api usage: Torrents, Remote Proxy, Storage, Permissions
COMING SOON! BitTorrent Web Handle all your torrent downloads through the web, without losing any of the functionality or control of a native client. Api usage: Torrents, Settings, File Association
COMING SOON! Loftly Use Twitter to publish and advertise your files. Api usage: Torrents
COMING SOON! Nud.gs Create a sharable link to a file on your computer. No cloud, no hosting. Just a link directly to your file. Api usage: Torrents, Remote Proxy
Api Proposal Connected Devices Api usage: Devices
Api Proposal Transcode Media Api usage: Transcoding
Api Proposal Folder Listener Api usage: Folder Listener
You can't debate the NRA, and it's a waste of time to pick at their arguments, because they're not a political movement, or a marketing group or even a cult -- their worldview isn't robust enough to support a cult. Also, in a cult, someone in the leadership is usually getting laid. The NRA are just crackheads.
Once you understand that, you don't have to get mad at every little thing Wayne LaPierre says. He's a crackhead. If you untangled the rat's nest of old extension cords in their rhetoric you'd find the threads of a four simple thought:
I like crack.
I'm never going to stop smoking crack.
The sooner you stop bitching about the bad things that happen when I smoke crack, the happier we'll all be.
Do you have any crack?
Take their speech today, about militarizing America's grade schools, to deter "monsters." Don't try to reason it out. When they say "guns" just pretend he's saying "crack."
"The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun. Would you rather have your 911 call bring a good guy with a gun from a mile away ... or a minute away?"
Becomes:
"The only thing that stops a bad guy who wants crack is a good guy, giving them some crack. Would you rather have your 911 call bring a good guy with some crack from a mile away ... or a minute away?"
Well, whichever gets the crackhead out of my house quicker, I suppose. I have to work tomorrow.
"Now, I can imagine the shocking headlines you'll print tomorrow morning: 'More crack,' you'll claim, 'is the NRA's answer to everything!' Your implication will be that crack is evil and has no place in society, much less in our schools. But since when did the word 'crack' automatically become a bad word?"
I dunno. When all those children and teachers got murdered?
Let's not "automatically" make "gun" a bad word. How about "semi-automatically?"
When Wayne LaPierre suggests that we arm all our children -- Are you saying "with all the foreign aid, with all the money in the federal budget" we can't? -- he's not trying to infuriate you, by being too stupid for Wasilla. They don't know that America doesn't spend any money on foreign aid, and they don't care. He's a crackhead. He's saying:
"Why can't I buy more crack? Look at all the money you're spending on diapers."
But there was one part of LaPierre's speech that puzzled me, as someone who works in entertainment -- you know, the "callous, corrupt and corrupting shadow industry that sells and sows violence against its own people" -- I couldn't understand LaPierre's choice of the only two movies to single out as the bad ones:
"... the blood-soaked slasher films like American Psycho and Natural Born Killers..."
Natural Born Killers came out 18 years ago. It's currently the 1,298th most popular movie at the American box office. It was 25th in 1994. Behind, among others, True Lies, Clear and Present Danger, Pulp Fiction and The Specialist. All of which contained a certain amount of gunplay, if memory serves.
America Psycho came out 12 years ago. It's this nation's 3,257th most beloved film. It was 117th in 2000. Far, far behind Mission: Impossible II, Scream 3, The Patriot, Shaft, The Cell, Romeo Must Die, Final Destination, The Exorcist Directors Cut, The Skulls, The Sixth Day, Dracula 2000, The Art of War and Reindeer Games.
How did Wayne LaPierre not see any of those movies, but they did see American Psycho? What kind of Blockbuster did they belong to?
Before a movie can destroy a country's moral fiber don't some people have to watch it?
So why are these two movies stuck in this crackhead's craw?
I think American Psycho is terrific. You'd have to go back to Kiss Me Deadly to find another adaptation where a director treated a novel with such cold (and deserved) contempt. Natural Born Killers is sweaty and shrill, but it's got a couple more ideas than, let's say, The Specialist.
Why them?
Because both of them make violence look stupid.
Both of the make hurting people look like the kind of thing an asshole would want to do. Or a twisto, or a weakling, or a pervert or a cretin.
Or a crackhead.
And that's supposed to be Wayne LaPierre's little secret.
Sunderland have won just six Premier Leagues games this season
A "disgraceful" Sunderland side need "major surgery" if they are to return to the Premier League, says former England captain Alan Shearer.
The Black Cats, who were relegated with four games to go, were beaten 2-0 at home by Swansea on Saturday.
Former Newcastle striker Shearer said the hosts' display was "pathetic" and fans should demand a refund.
"There is no way that team will get back up into the Premier League," they said on the BBC's Match of the Day.
Manager David Moyes has said they will remain in charge despite relegation, but striker Jermain Defoe looks set to leave.
Shearer said Moyes and club owner Ellis Short had been "deservedly" criticised this season, but the players - booed off at half-time and full-time against Swansea - should also be blamed.
"In the first half they were absolutely disgraceful - there was a complete lack of effort," said Shearer.
"It's the last home game of the season, they've been relegated, and you'd think they'd give their fans something to shout about.
"It was lazy. There was nothing in their performance at all.
"I'm surprised the fans lasted so long - they should be asking for their money back, it was that bad."
Sunderland face Arsenal and Chelsea away in their two remaining Premier League fixtures.
New Delhi: The Delhi high court on Monday permanently restrained two taxi drivers' unions from interfering in services offered by taxi aggregators Ola and Uber in the national capital region.
Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw passed the order after being informed of an unsuccessful attempt at mediation with the two unions—Sarvodaya Driver Association and Rajdhani Tourist Driver Union—that were alleged to have disrupted services of taxi aggregators who did not wish to participate in a February strike for higher fares and other incentives.
The court also reiterated its earlier order restraining the drivers unions from staging any protest within 500 metres from the office premises of Ola and Uber in the future.
The court was hearing pleas by ride hailing companies ANI Technologies Pvt. Ltd, which runs Ola, and Uber who had alleged that the unions were disrupting services of taxi drivers who did not join the February strike.
Ola claimed that striking drivers had blocked their cabs, pulled out drivers and removed the mobile devices installed in them.
In February, in an interim order, the court granted relief to Uber and Ola by restraining anyone, including the two drivers' unions, from interfering in the operations or hampering the services of the taxi aggregators.
The court also restrained the unions or anyone acting on their behalf from removing or confiscating the mobile devices installed in the cabs run by Ola and Uber.
On 17 February, in an attempt to resolve the taxi strike, the court ordered an authorised signatory from Ola and Uber to hold a meeting with Sarvodaya Driver Association.
Several unions and thousands of drivers were on strike since 10 February in the National Capital Region against app-based aggregators, demanding an increase in fares from the existing Rs6 per km and also discontinuation of the 25% commission app-based aggregators charge on every booking. The unions also demanded an immediate end to ride sharing services and a hike in per kilometre rates.
A second strike by taxi unions and drivers of taxi aggregators including Uber and Ola is expected on Monday in the capital in a bid to press demands such as low fares and long working hours.
“I stopped constantly rapping, writing and recording. Exile and I had just dropped the classic ‘Below The Heavens' and I had two other albums done; ‘Johnson & Jonson' and C.R.A.C. Knuckles' ‘The Piece Talks'. So we began touring constantly, and when I came home, I just started producing, not even rapping, just making beats and chilling, you know. Plus I found a queen, and you have no idea what that can do to a man's time.”
It's Blu explaining their line “After the fame came glorious days in the shade” off Money, a track from Give Me My Flowers While I Can Still Smell Them, their second record with producer Exile. What got Blu to start rapping again after the days in the shade?
“Love, bro. I could never let go of rap. I may stop but I won't stop loving the craft. Writing is my favorite part. Before the rapping, and the beat selecting, and performing. It's actually forming life with words: expanding imagination, reaching a higher exploration.”
Blu immerses themselves in new styles and sounds with almost every new project, be it as a writer, vocalist or producer. In 2011, for instance, they dropped both the soulful Jesus LP and the boundary-pushing record NoYork! Where does this urge to renew and experiment come from, such as on tracks off NoYork! like Hours? “For one, I never ever wanted to be a mundane or redundant artist. I hated hearing the same ol' same ol'. I found appreciation for it now, but if I didn't hate it then, I wouldn't have convinced myself to be diverse every time I show my face.”
“An LP is my life, my first appearance to ears for those who I have never met. So I make sure I grow with the change of the times. To keep up with the growth of music and to make sure not to be buried by trends. I always aspire to innovate. The foundation for that approach is the music selection. I believe I have one of the most colorful catalogues.”
“ I believe I have one of the most colorful catalogues ”
When asked how they keep finding new challenges, they answer: “Emcees. The fact that ‘next' artists always put me back in my place. There are days when I wake up thinking I got Tupac, or I'm going to catch Jay-Z, but that's all blasphemy. But yeah, new emcees, and also usually it's the new height of production that has caused me to elevate my pen's approach. It's not just about bodying a beat when it's a 3/4 count or a double time space adventure, you know.”
Growth is also there on a personal level since Blu became a father. Does that influence them as an artist? “No, my fatherhood is completely separate from my artistry,” they say, “but I hope one day my daughter will discover my music like a hidden treasure. Inshallah.”
And there's a lot to find there because of the asupervisorstioned diversity in Blu's music. While Give Me My Flowers While I Can Still Smell Them provided a good example of Blu's easy-listening rap, their (contributions to) tracks such as Backboards by Sene, Kiss The Sky and Thelonius King contain a kind of new, raw energy. “It's hunger my man. Reaching a plateau where you are respected but slept on. There are so many voices reaching and preaching for the same glory, that your gems can be overshadowed by someone else's illuminance. It's simple as that. So for me it's about speaking up, not beating around the bush, and not watering down at the same time. Being definitive.”
The next album to appear is Blu's collaborative effort with producer Bombay, Good To B Home. They declare it's “a dedication to the west coast” and elaborates: “When we created NoYork! it was an invitation back to the west. Now that many new listeners have made it over, we are showing them -as well as those who have been here since day one- ‘what it is'.”
“The record is full of the hood love, and the soul palette that captured you with Below The Heavens. Presented with the same approach: to deliver a classic. It's coming from my backyard for the first time, as opposed to coming from my soul, so hopefully it will hit hard.”
Until Good To B Home drops, there's enough Blu for everyone. Three videos came out recently: zone out to Ease Your Mind off Give Me My Flowers While I Can Still Smell Them, watch L'Orange's film noir video Alone featuring Blu, and check out Burgundy Whip from The Burgundy EP by Blu, Madlib and MED below. Early this month ANTHM released their Handful Of Dust EP, entirely produced by Blu as GODleeBarnes. And reportedly, Black Hockey Players is on the way… Follow Blu on Twitter to stay up-to-date.
Here's something many people may not realize about Keep America Beautiful, the organization that — armed with a "Crying Indian" and anti-litter slogans — taught Americans to take personal responsibility for pollution: It was created by soda and beer companies.
The organization launched in 1953, as Coca-Cola, along with PepsiCo, Anheuser-Busch and others, were making the switch from returnable glass bottles, which they cleaned and refilled themselves, to the "one-way" metal and plastic bottles we're used to today, a cost-cutting move that shifted the burden of responsibility for dealing with the bottles onto consumers. Keep America Beautiful's public service campaigns, as Bartow J. Elmore, a professor of environmental history at the University of Alabama, describes it, basically served to reinforce this new message: That America's trash problem was the fault of individuals littering -- not of the manufacturers that produced that litter in the first place. Taxpayers are the ones who end up funding expensive recycling programs, Elmore argues, for precisely the same reason.
Advertisement:
"Citizen Coke: The Making of Coca-Cola capitalism," traces the history of Coke's empire through the company's reliance on offloading its costs and risks in precisely this way, tapping into public goods like curbside recycling and municipal water systems while eschewing ownership of the resources and infrastructure needed to produce its iconic beverage. It's a model, Bartow told Salon, that continues to this day, allowing the soda giant to turn an enormous profit while simultaneously distancing itself from the harm, to the environment and to public health, that it causes.
This interview has been lightly edited for clarity.
How do you define Coca-Cola capitalism? And how did Coke come to embody this concept?
Basically, Coca-Cola capitalism is a system or strategy for making money that involves getting others to do work for you. It's a system of making money by acting as an intermediary between independent producers and independent distributors and making money off the transaction, off the flow of goods that are produced by those producers and then distributed to these independent distributors.
Coke didn't own sugar-manufacturing plants in the Caribbean; it didn't own caffeine processing plants in the American Southeast; it didn't own high-fructose corn syrup mills in the Midwest. It relied on a host of independent producers to service its needs in terms of natural resources, and the same thing on the back end. It didn't own its bottlers for most of its history or the soda fountains that distributed its products, but relied on independent business people in towns across the country to buy the machinery, the packaging, and the water, which is 80 percent of what the company sells to the public at the point of sale. It's really a sleek business model. We think of Coke as this big business, but in many ways it's kind of a lean operation, figuring out ways to embed itself in infrastructure that was built by others. I think that, at its heart, is really what Coca-Cola capitalism is.
Often people will say, well, Coke's not the only business that does this. And I say, precisely. I call it "Coca-Cola" capitalism because Coke followed it so well, but you can think of software companies or fast food chains that follow very similar strategies of embedding themselves in technological systems built by others. In truth, it's one of the models that has won out in the 21st century and made a lot of companies a lot of money, not just Coke.
Advertisement:
Looking at the way Coke carries that out, it puts strains on resources, you describe a lot of environmental costs. Do you see this way of doing business as intrinsically exploitative?
I often joke with my advisors that you can read this book two ways: You can read it and say, wow, this is a very smart moneymaking strategy. In other words, it can teach people strategies that allow you to make a lot of cash. On the other hand, you're right. As an environmental historian I'm interested in the costs that we often don't see, behind this system of making money. I think in the case of Coca-Cola they're serious.
A good example of this would be water. Because Coca-Cola's distribution system is so decentralized, because there's this outsourcing and franchising strategy, Coke has had to expand into some of the most arid regions of the world. Extracting water from Atlanta, Georgia, which receives a lot of water, year in and year out, may not be as big a problem as it is in India, where aquifers are being depleted at a rapid rate and people are really suffering for lack of adequate water supplies. What we've seen is that this ability to outsource those costs has taken Coke into areas that really aren't suitable, in some ways, for the types of extractive industries that they engage in. I say that about Atlanta, but of course Atlanta's also suffering from its own water shortages, so even at home we're seeing that this model may not be very sustainable in the long run. Or California, which is really suffering from water shortages. Is it good for Coke to be bottling Coca-Cola there using water, which is a very precious resource in a place that doesn't have a lot of water?
I imagine that having that distance must also make it harder to hold the company accountable for those sorts of things.
Advertisement:
Absolutely. One of the other benefits, other than just accruing financial capital from this system, is you also are accruing social capital: the ability to deflect accusations that your business is involved in, say, shady labor practices in Guatemala or bad water practices in India. You can say, “that's not something we technically own, so that's not something we have a responsibility for.” In Coke's defense, I think they've done a better job recently of trying to recognize that they can put pressure on their suppliers and their distributors to behave better, but we've seen in the past the company using that kind of separation to deflect blame from things that were going on clearly within the Coca-Cola system but maybe not being directly funded or run by Coca-Cola corporate. I agree with you that it certainly is beneficial in that regard.
Take, for example, the story of coca leaves. When you're dealing with something as controversial as a leaf that contains a known narcotic -- which, as the book shows, the company has been involved in importing coca leaves throughout the 20th century. Long after they removed cocaine from their formula, they still used de-cocainized coca leaf -- that is, coca leaves without cocaine -- in their secret formula, so they had this really bizarre secret trade with these Peruvian coca farmers throughout the 20th century. Using an intermediary -- in this case Stepan Chemical Company operating out of New Jersey -- to import those leaves really allowed them to remain hidden, and to keep this trade hidden as well. Especially in the 80s, when you think about the war on drugs and the fear about cocaine in the United States, that was really helpful to have a bit of distance, operating through a third party to get what it needed.
That was something I had never heard about before. The link between Coke and Monsanto was a new one for me also.
Advertisement:
Yeah, and I should say that the next project I'm working on is a global environmental history of Monsanto. I was struck by it too. I saw this and thought, “Wow, Monsanto is so connected to Coca-Cola,” and it allowed me to get to know Monsanto a little bit better, not as a GMO company but as a chemical company.
Without Coca-Cola, Monsanto would not exist because Coke bought their entire stock of saccharine back in the early 1900s. Before Diet Coke they used this artificial sweetener to cut down on costs in their full-calorie sugary beverages, and it's kind of a shady situation where they were essentially trying to cut costs by using this artificial sweetener. Anyway, Monsanto provided all this saccharine for them and then ultimately caffeine, and they were very closely tied. Monsanto would constantly talk about how important Coca-Cola was to their business, in keeping them alive during those early years.
Coke eventually ditched Monsanto once they got a better artificial sweetener, right?
Advertisement:
Right, and there's CCC in action. That story of Coca-Cola dropping the Monsanto contract is a great example of how Coca-Cola's strategy for making money kept them nimble, kept them flexible enough so that when new sources of supply cropped up they could just switch to a new supplier. In this case, decaf coffee really took off and the company was able to switch their contracts to General Foods, which was producing decaf coffee under their Maxwell House label. Even though Monsanto had this long history of being Coke's supplier, the company realized they had a better deal from General Foods and said, sorry! Thanks for investing for so long in infrastructure for us, we're going to switch to the next best thing.
You see that with caffeine, and you see that with sugar. Why is it that Coke switches to high-fructose corn syrup on the fly in the 1980s? Because they can. They don't own sugar plantations, they don't own sugar refining plants. They remain nimble and are able to tap into new sources of supply whenever they appear.
Obviously Monsanto was able to bounce back from losing Coke, but have there been other cases where companies have not been as lucky?
I don't really have a story in the book that deals with a company that's completely crushed by Coca-Cola switching its contract, but I will say that throughout history Coke recognized its purchasing power. By 1910 it was the single largest purchaser of sugar on the planet; it knew that where it sent its money could really have an effect on prices and it could shape competition. One of the things you see is them trying to diversify their buying contracts in ways that prevent them from being vulnerable to changes in markets in a particular locale; diversifying their bets, so to speak, so that they're never stuck with just one supplier.
Advertisement:
The way Coca-Cola's system works overseas is so particularly interesting because they actually don't sell Coca-Cola syrup with sugar. They came out with a sugarless concentrate in the 1920s. So the most expensive ingredient, sugar, was outsourced to the bottlers themselves, so you see bottlers having to source sugar locally.
Is that how we end up with Mexican Coke [which is sweetened with cane sugar]?
Sure, absolutely, and the way Coke would pitch that is as encouraging local business and industry and generating jobs and supporting the local sugar producers wherever they operate. The untold story is that this is a huge benefit for them. They don't have to pay for this expensive and sometimes volatile ingredient when it comes to overseas markets, and it's nice to have that risk off your books.
You describe Coke as a product of abundance that came out of the large-scale industrial and agricultural output in the late 19th century. When did that stop being sustainable? Is there a way to reform a model that banked on there being so much to work with?
Advertisement:
I think you're getting to the heart of the book, which is to say that when we think about sustainability and when we talk about business sustainability today within firms, often these conversations are kind of ahistorical. They don't think about the first principles of business governance that were created in a certain ecological moment. As you put it, when Coke emerged it was emerging at a time when vertically-integrated enterprises were producing tons of sugar and we had all this stuff that was available at low cost. Part of CCC made sense at the time, but in an era where we're looking at water scarcity in parts of the world, where we're thinking about producing crops efficiently and thinking about what types of crops we should be producing and whether sugarcane -- a very destructive crop in some ways in terms of its spread and where it grows and the types of ecosystems it affects… we have to confront these first principles of business governance that were created in the Gilded Age and ask whether they apply to the ecological realities of today.
That's a real conversation about sustainability that goes beyond efficiency, which is the great sustainability pitch today: that we can become more efficient, that we can improve our water use efficiency and things like that. I think that misses the deeper, underlying tendency of producing excess from excess as a business model that many of these businesses are founded on, that they've been built on, and that is so rooted in their rubric for making profits.
It's more than efficiency, definitely more than a soda tax could do, you'd say?
I think efforts like a soda tax and mandatory deposits, that try in some way to put pressure on the business to recognize that the way it's doing business is not good for the health of our bodies or the health of our environment, can help push corporations to move in the right direction. But even there we're not really seeing how all these things are connected, the underlying dependencies in terms of the way companies make money by exploiting excess and surplus that we really have to move away from in an era where producing that surplus is having really big environmental costs.
BOGOTA, July 5 (Reuters) - Colombia found explosives set to be used in bombs across the capital in reprisal for this week's rescue of leftist rebels' highest-profile hostages, including Ingrid Betancourt, military officials said on Saturday.
The army seized about a tonne of explosives at a farm outside Bogota that it suspected the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia, or FARC, planned to use in attacks over the next few days, said the officials, who asked not to be named.
On Wednesday, the military dealt the rebels the latest in a series of severe blows this year, duping them into handing over French-Colombian politician Betancourt, three American defense contractors and 11 Colombian soldiers and police officers.
The bloodless helicopter rescue in the jungle was hailed around the world but also raised fears that the rebels behind Latin America's oldest insurgency could try to strike back.
This year, the FARC have managed only small-scale attacks in response to setbacks such as the deaths of three senior guerrillas. Last month, four police officers were wounded in a suspected FARC rocket attack in Bogota less than two weeks after the announcement of the death of the group's leader.
The military offensive of President Alvaro Uribe, a U.S. ally, has driven the rebels from urban areas and they now rarely attack the capital — a huge contrast to a decade ago when the cocaine-financed FARC threatened to overrun the government.
This week's rescue could have brought the four-decade-old insurgency to the brink of defeat, political and security analysts said. It deprived the rebels of their biggest bargaining chips, likely hurt morale and exposed their fragmented organization, they said. (Reporting by Luis Jaime Acosta; Writing by Saul Hudson, Editing by Nelson Bocanegra and John O'Callaghan)
VOICE OVER AGENTS
Bob Bergen: 'No Agent Needs Another Voice.'
So Why Should An Agent Represent YOU ?
April 12, 2016
Note: A recent VoiceOverXtra article by Rob Marley about obtaining voice over agents ( Bob Bergen - the voice of Porky Pig and many, many beloved cartoon characters. Bob also voices commercials and in additional VO genres. Below is Bob's comment in a social media group to Rob's earlier article, reprinted here with their permission ... Note: A recentarticle byabout obtaining voice over agents ( click to read it ) quickly caught the attention of voice over star- the voice of Porky Pig and many, many beloved cartoon characters. Bob also voices commercials and in additional VO genres. Below is Bob's comment in a social media group to Rob's earlier article, reprinted here with their permission ...
By Bob Bergen
Voice Actor & Coach
Rob, you're always a wealth of info! Thanks my friend! The VO world is fortunate to have your valuable contributions. I'd like to offer my two cents on the whole agent thing.
It all depends on what you want out of your career. If you want to compete at the top, yes, you need an agent.
When I teach, I treat every student as if they were me. Which means, I go in assuming each student wants to be where I am in my career. And that requires an agent.
However, 90% who try to get an agent get turned down. That's because 90% make the same mistakes over and over.
Those mistakes are:
they aren't ready for an agent
they went cheap on their demo, which just represents another voice, not a brilliant fresh talent,
they bring nothing to the table for the agent to represent,
they have no idea what they want out of their career, therefore the agent has no idea how or what to represent. WHY WANT YOU ?
No agent needs another voice. They have all the voices they will ever need, and most of those are not working.
So, why would an agent want you ?
First of all, you should come with an impressive referral. Don't have an impressive referral? Perhaps you are not ready for an agent.
A brilliant demo is a dime a dozen. A great demo producer could make Helen Keller sound great! Agents get upwards of 20 - 100 demos a week, depending on the size of the office.
Believe it or not, most of these demos are great. But a great demo is not enough.
YOUR COVER LETTER
Your cover letter should include past work. But not just a laundry list of the jobs you've done like: Commercials: McDonald's, Kia, Macy's, The Gap, etc.
For instance, what ad agencies produced these jobs? Who were the writers/producers? That is the info that will get the agent interested. If you mention an ad agency or producer the agent has a relationship with, you are a much easier sell the next time the agent gets an audition from them.
Or, if you mention an ad agency or producer the agent doesn't know, you come with valuable relationships the agent can benefit from.
WHAT'S YOUR INCOME NEED?
Don't have past work or relationships? Perhaps you are not ready for an agent.
"Make a living" is a relative term. Some live in markets where 30 grand in VO is a great living. For many, however, that's poverty level and requires additional income from a day job.
Professionals like myself demand that every VO job comes with a contribution to our pension and provides health insurance. As well as residuals, which make up about 75% of my annual income.
No one at my level makes a living at session fees. It's all about residuals.
WHAT'S YOUR GOAL?
YOU need to decide what you want out of your career. Or if you even want a career.
You do not NEED an agent for voice over. But you do NEED to decide what you want out of your career.
Once you decide, stop making excuses. Don't complain if you aren't willing to do what it takes to have the career you desire. And if you decide you want the kind of career that requires an agent, be willing to do more than everyone else to get one and nurture that relationship and your career.
And the most important thing about any agent is this: An agent gets 10%, so you must do 90%!
ABOUT BOB
Bob Bergen's decades of voice over experience began at age 18 when they sent famed DJ Casey Kasem a tape of 85 voices - which Casey forwarded to an agent who signed Bob - and soon after, Bob voiced their first cartoon, Spider-Man, and Their Amazing Friends . ( Animation Voice-Over Workshop , taught in Los Angeles and in cities nationwide, is now in it's 29th year. And they are also touring the U.S. with Bob Bergen: So Here's The Deal! Bob Bergen, Not Just Another Pretty Voice . ------------------Bob Bergen's decades of voice over experience began at age 18 when they sent famed DJ Casey Kasem a tape of 85 voices - which Casey forwarded to an agent who signed Bob - and soon after, Bob voiced their first cartoon,. ( See Bob's fascinating bio .) Today he's a voice over star - the voice of Porky Pig and many, many cartoon characters, in addition to voicing commercials, promos, radio imaging, interactive games, and live award show announcing. Their popular, taught in Los Angeles and in cities nationwide, is now in it's 29th year. And they are also touring the U.S. with, an update of their critically-acclaimed one-man show,
Email:
Web: Email: porkysvoice@aol.com Web: www.BobBergen.com
Your Daily Resource For Voice-Over Success Follow News & Features
The Palm Beach County departments of Environmental Resources Management and Parks & Recreation will “celebrate the night and turn down the lights” by hosting the third annual Dark Sky Festival at the Okeeheelee Nature Center on Saturday, Feb. 21 from 6 to 10 p.m. The event is free and open to the public.
The purpose of the Dark Sky Festival is to expose citizens to the marvels of astronomy and the importance of protecting dark skies, not just for astronomy purposes, but also for the effects on human health, and the value that darkness provides to area wildlife. This festival will include stargazing with local astronomers, exhibits, vendors, nature walks, a children's activity area, food trucks, a campfire and more. Additional support for this event is provided by the International Dark Sky Association-South Florida.
The Okeeheelee Nature Center is located in Okeeheelee Park at 7715 Forest Hill Blvd., one mile west of Jog Road. For more information, e-mail Jacey Biery at jbiery@pbcgov.org or visit www.pbcgov.com/erm/darkskyfest.
Rosario gas explosion Location map Date August 6, 2013 ( ) Time 9:30 am Location Rosario, Santa Fe, Argentina Coordinates Coordinates: Cause Gas leak Death(s) 22[1] Non-fatal injuries 60[2]
A gas explosion in a residential area of Rosario, the third-largest city in Argentina, occurred on August 6, 2013. It was caused by a large gas leak; a nearby building collapsed, and others were at high risk of structural failure. Twenty-two people died, and sixty were injured. Several organizations helped secure the area, search for survivors and aid people who lost their homes. Shortly after the explosion, the time needed for reconstruction was estimated at six months.
The provincial judiciary launched an investigation into the cause of the explosion. Primary suspects were Litoral Gas (the natural-gas provider for Rosario) and an employee who carried out maintenance work at the building that day. Several public figures sent condolences, and most of the candidates for the 2013 primary elections suspended their political campaigns.
The event [ edit ]
The explosion occurred at 9:30 a.m. near the intersection of Oroño and Salta Streets in central Rosario. Initial reports confirmed eight people dead, sixty injured and fifteen missing; eight more deaths were later confirmed.[3] Searches the following day revealed twelve fatalities, ten of whom were identified.[4] Of the people who were missing, some were found dead among the debris, while others were rescued.[5] The search for survivors ended on August 13, with twenty-two people confirmed dead.[6][7] A 65-year-old woman who had been injured died on October 8.[1][8]
The explosion was caused by a gas leak in a 30-year-old building. It severely damaged a nearby nine-story apartment building, causing it to collapse.[3] Mónica Fein, mayor of Rosario, asked residents to avoid the area because of the risk that more buildings might collapse, and to ease the work of disaster management personnel. The streets were covered with broken glass from damaged buildings.[9] Gas and electricity were immediately disconnected, and the national government sent an Argentine Federal Police task force to the scene.[3]
The natural gas supplier, Litoral Gas, immediately began sealing the distribution pipe to the area.[10] The Center for Ambulatory Medical Specialties of Rosario (Spanish: Centro de Especialidades Médicas Ambulatorias de Rosario) managed the information about the dead and injured, and tents were prepared for those left homeless.[11] Firefighters and other workers found people trapped on the upper floors of buildings and evacuated them over adjacent roofs.[12] Although the building was not destroyed by the explosion, a high risk of structural failure remained.[13]
Investigation [ edit ]
Neighbors reported to the press that they had smelled a gas leak several hours before the explosion and had called Litoral Gas. Company director José María González said that the company had received no such calls, and thought that callers might have dialed the 911 emergency number instead.[10] Prosecutor Camporini reported at the trial that the building had experienced several gas leaks before the explosion.[14]
The provincial judiciary launched an investigation into the circumstances surrounding the explosion.[11] The prosecution conducted a search and seizure at the offices of Litoral Gas to confirm the absence of customer complaints about the gas leak.[15] Judge Juan Carlos Curto ordered the arrest of Carlos Osvaldo García, an employee of the department responsible for gas service to the area.[16] They were captured during the night,[17] and their assistant Pablo Miño surrendered to police the following day.[18] According to witnesses, one employee fled in a van before the explosion, when they realized the severity of the gas leak, while another remained to try to evacuate people from the endangered area.[19] The van belonged to García,[14] who experienced an acute stress reaction during the trial.[14] Curto checked the remnants of the gas employee's workshop to verify García's testimony.[20][21]
Prosecutor Graciela Argüelles said that, according to the investigation, Litoral Gas ignored calls for help from García, who was not properly trained to manage such a situation. The judge suggested that documents seized from Litoral Gas might prove the existence of customer reports of a gas leak.[22] Curto thought that the employees might not bear sole responsibility, and that the liability of Litoral Gas had to be investigated as well.[21]
Pablo Miño was released from prison, but Curto refused to release García, saying that Miño had extenuating circumstances which García did not.[23] Miño's job was to give García the required tools, not to do the maintenance. They were in the street, watching over the van, which was not properly parked and locked, and did not see García's work before the explosion. Curto stopped short of pronouncing Miño innocent at that early stage.[24]
As the case expanded beyond their jurisdiction, Curto recused themselves from the trial and was replaced by Javier Beltramone,[25] who released García from prison.[26] Litoral Gas demanded Beltramone's recusal for expressing an opinion about the case to the press.[27] The appeal court agreed in a 2–1 vote to remove Beltramone, and the case was transferred to Patricia Bilotta.[2] García had claimed that they were following instructions received in the days before the explosion, so Bilotta summoned the technical officers of Litoral Gas to clarify that point.[28] Litoral Gas said that García had not received any instructions prior to the explosion.[29]
Litoral Gas proposed an out-of-court settlement to the relatives of the victims, offering about 1200 US dollars per square meter of collapsed building, in addition to compensation for loss of life.[30] Vice Governor Jorge Henn rejected it as immoral,[31] and most of the families also initially rejected the proposal.[32] By May 2014, however, almost half of the families had accepted the settlement.[33]
Reaction [ edit ]
The explosion occurred shortly before the primary 2013 Argentine legislative elections on August 11. The governor of Santa Fe province, Antonio Bonfatti, asked the political parties to end their campaigns to allow mourning for the victims of the explosion.[34] The Front for Victory and Progressive, Civic and Social Front candidates suspended their campaigns,[35][36] and the national government declared two days of mourning.[37] The period of mourning was observed by all candidates in Buenos Aires and most other provinces, who ended their political campaigns.[38]
President Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, who had recently returned from a diplomatic visit to the United Nations, visited the site of the explosion on August 7. They were berated by local residents;[39] some were angry because their surprise visit halted work at the site, and others thought their presence was politically motivated.[40] The president stayed briefly, visited the CEMAR and met Bonfatti.[40] Kirchner's entourage was surrounded by members of La Cámpora, who tried to prevent demonstrations against them and keep journalists and residents at bay.[41]
Weeks before the explosion, several social networking sites had scheduled a country-wide cacerolazo (a pot-banging protest demonstration), known as 8A, against Kirchner for August 8. The websites had already conducted successful cacerolazos (8N and 18A). Despite the national mourning, the 8A protest went ahead as planned, with the added slogan "No more pointless deaths".[42] Candidate Ricardo Gil Lavedra thought the cacerolazo should have been canceled, as the campaigning was,[43] but fellow candidate Rodolfo Terragno supported it.[44] It was attended by fewer people than previous ones in Buenos Aires and the rest of the country.[45] The demonstration in Rosario was not a cacerolazo, but a silent candlelight vigil attended by nearly a hundred people.[45] There was a second demonstration in Rosario on August 22, proceeding from the National Flag Memorial to the headquarters of Litoral Gas.[46][47]
Pope Francis sent a letter of condolence to Archbishop José Luis Mollaghan of Rosario, and it was read during a mass and procession for Saint Cajetan at Plaza 25 de Mayo.[48][49] Newell's Old Boys and Rosario Central, two local soccer teams and rivals in the Rosario derby, organized a charity match for the victims at the Gabino Sosa Stadium,[50] and Rosario-born Lionel Messi provided support through the "Leo Messi" charity.[51] The charity match collected 120,000 pesos.[52] Musicians Fito Páez,[53] Vicentico, Babasónicos, Las Pelotas, Chaqueño Palavecino, Ciro Pertusi, Lisandro Aristimuño, Pablo Dacal and Coki de Bernardis performed concerts in several Argentine cities to raise money for the victims.[54][55]
Reconstruction [ edit ]
Bonfatti announced that Santa Fe province would provide financial help to the victims of the explosion. Since most houses in the vicinity were damaged, affected families would receive a subsidy of $20,000 to rent homes during reconstruction. They would receive $50,000 in credit to buy furniture and appliances, payable in 60 months with five percent interest.[56][57] Rosario's real estate firms prepared a list of houses for rent without charging victims their regular fee.[58] Some of the affected buildings may have had cheap insurances which would not cover the risk of an explosion.[59] Some cars trapped in an underground parking lot could not be retrieved.[60]
When the search for survivors ended, authorities closed Salta Street. Engineers began checking the buildings at ground zero, trying to restore the original layout of the street and demolishing unstable structures.[61] Secretary of Public Works Omar Saab said that the two remaining buildings were beyond repair and had to be demolished.[62] As a sign of respect, the demolition would not be carried out with explosives.[63] Secretary of Housing Gustavo Leone estimated that the work would take nearly six months.[64][65] People were allowed to enter their destroyed houses in small groups at a time, starting on August 9.[66] Nearby streets began to be reopened on August 13.[67]
The CGT union signed a deal with the association of factories of Rosario and the government of Rosario to make sure that all the victims of the explosions would keep their jobs.[68]
SANDY, Utah – Real Salt Lake midfielder Luis Gil – viewed as one of the team's next big things since they signed in 2010 at the age of 16 – may finally be coming into their own.
In the space of five days last week, the now-20-year-old played their best back-to-back games in memory. In a friendly against Tijuana, Gil played at the top of Salt Lake's diamond formation, consistently creating opportunities and finally scoring the team's only goal in a 1-1 tie when they shook off a defender and curled in a fantastic finish in the 88th minute.
“We get the ball rolling,” they said. “I'll do some movements, open up some space for some other guys, and then they'll do the same for me. I feel like it's free-flowing in there, and guys are making plays.”
Gil was still in the central attacking mid spot on Saturday – the position they call “natural for me” – subbing for an injured Javier Morales. Aided by a stint in that spot with the U-23 national team from Aug. 3-7 and in the friendly against Tijuana, Gil looked completely at ease in a 2-1 win over Seattle that lifted RSL into first place in the Western Conference.
"Playing that position [with the U-23s] … gave me some confidence, and it's been going good since," Gil told MLSsoccer.com. “I've been real comfortable and getting things going there. I've been playing that position for years. But, obviously, with RSL it's difficult going from right mid to central mid. It's two completely different positions on this team. In fact, I'm just getting back into the central mid position, [getting] a feel for it. I feel like good things are going to come.”
Throughout much of the season, Gil has seen limited playing time for RSL, but RSL coach Jeff Cassar said the coaching staff never lost confidence in Gil.
“He's never fallen out of favor,” Cassar told MLSsoccer.com. “What I really like now is he's contributing for 90 minutes. I felt like, earlier in the year, they were kind of falling off around the 50th, 60th minute. We were having to get them out.”
Find more RSL coverage at RealSaltLake.com
Gil has battled a hamstring injury much of the year, one they said is worse than previous injuries they have dealt with.
“I've never had stuff like that that's kept me out for so long,” they said. “I've had things, like with my ankle, that kept me out a week or two, but nothing like this.”
Cassar credited Gil for their hard work at rehabbing the injury, but Gil admits to frustration because of it. They insist they have not been comparing their situation to those of US senior national-team youngsters like Julian Green of Bayern Munich and DeAndre Yedlin, who recently signed a deal to transfer to Tottenham Hotspur of the English Premier League next year.
“I don't even pay attention to that stuff," GIl said. "I want to progress and get better. I feel like there's a lot of players that don't do that. All these people getting great opportunities, I'm happy for them. I have no worries about that.”
If there was a turning point for Gil, it came Aug. 2 in Colorado, when RSL held onto a 1-0 lead despite going down a man in the 46th minute after Aaron Maund was red-carded. Gil played nearly the full game – they were subbed out in the 85th minute as Cassar tried to kill off the game's final minutes – and earned their coach's praise for “putting it in on the defensive side.”
“I think that game against Colorado really helped them out,” Cassar said. “He's really starting to come along. He's feeling good and playing well and playing with a smile.”
In the foothills of the Alps in northern Italy, Lake Como deserves its reputation as a playground for the wealthy. Virtually deserted during the winter, the wishbone-shaped lake awakens from its slumber in mid-March when glamorous crowds begin flocking to the pretty towns clustered around its midsection: Bellagio, Menaggio, Tremezzo, Varenna. But in recent years, the city of Como, on the lake's southwestern tip, has quietly blossomed into the most interesting spot for visitors of all bank account sizes. A raft of openings has infused new life there, transforming the oft-overlooked transit hub into the lake's new place to be seen.
FRIDAY
1. To the Lighthouse | 3:30 p.m.
Who's afraid of heights? In Como, join the crowds clambering aboard the funicular that ascends the mountain to Brunate, a small town perched about 1,600 feet above the lake (round-trip ticket, 5.30 euros, or about $7 at $1.32 to the euro). But upon arrival, leave the visiting masses behind by continuing on foot up the treacherously steep rocky trail — less than a mile long, but what feels like the same in elevation gain — that ends at Faro Voltiano, a remote lighthouse on a nearby peak. The reward for completing the trek is blissful solitude and an unsurpassed panorama across the city and lake to neighboring Switzerland.
2. Off the Wall | 6 p.m.
In late 2013, Banksy's Como doppelgänger stepped out of the shadows by opening a street-art gallery named after their pseudonym, Mr. Savethewall. The unusual name belongs to Pierpaolo Perretta, a local business person who shed their suit and steady salary to focus full-time on their art, created by using cardboard or similar materials that can be affixed without defacing walls. Among the provocative paintings on display is an incisive image of a young girl praying to a tablet, “Please, Holy iPad, give me back my Dad.” The affable artist is often available to explain the inspiration for their varied works, including a modern pipe design that was presented this year at the prestigious Salone Internazionale del Mobile in Milan.
3. Supper in Season | 8 p.m.
Until recently, Como had few dining options befitting the discerning Milanese who escape here on weekends. But the Market Place, a sophisticated farm-to-table restaurant that opened in 2010, has set a new standard for local cuisine. The delightful restaurant has about two dozen seats in a simple yet stylish dining room, where black-clad servers shuttle beautifully presented plates from the glass-walled kitchen. A recent primo of cuttlefish-ink tagliolini with tender shrimp and fava beans aptly underscored the restaurant's emphasis on seasonal products. Desserts were also divine, especially an airy millefoglie with orange-scented Chantilly cream drizzled with toffee and fleur de sel. Dinner for two, about 100 euros.
4. Fresh Sips | 11 p.m.
Without an invitation to a private party at a lavish lakeside villa, Lake Como's night-life scene is limited. Your best bet in Como is the Fresco Cocktail Shop, a cozy bar with a timeworn interior (rough wood-beam ceilings, exposed-brick walls) but an inventive drinks menu that's heavy on unusual spirits and seasonal fruit. Try the Flora, a refreshing twist on a spritz that's made with Aperol, mint and Champagne and topped with a dollop of creamy passion-fruit foam (9 euros). Or befriend one of the nattily dressed bartenders to order off-the-menu libations like black-tea-infused whiskey, poured from a smoke-filled decanter.
SATURDAY
5. Cups and Cupolas | 9 a.m.
The cafe Cremeria Bolla, opened in 1893, is a local favorite for a morning caffeine fix in Como. Savor a superlative cappuccino at an outdoor table, a fine vantage point from which to watch the city streets spring to life. Then head to the nearby Duomo di Como, the city's green-domed Gothic cathedral whose origins date from the late 1300s. Among the treasures inside are a collection of ancient tapestries and paintings by the Renaissance-era artist Gaudenzio Ferrari (free).
6. Wardrobe Wins | 11 a.m.
Should a modish Milanese man arrive in Como without a warm sweater or dapper dinner jacket, they can find what they need at A.Gi.Emme. This exquisitely stylish store began as a small shoe shop but has since expanded into a mini-empire with four shops around town, including locations for women and children. At the men's shop, splurge on classics that will never go out of style, like soft cashmere cardigans, tailored wool blazers and cozy scarves that are chic antidotes to chilly lake breezes.
7. Dockside Dining | 1 p.m.
Hop aboard a bus or a boat bound for Bellagio, a picturesque (and very popular) mid-lake village about 18 miles north of Como. For lunch, skip the touristy tables in town and seek out Ristorante alle Darsene di Loppia, a sunny restaurant nearby. Whether seated inside the bright dining room or beneath the leafy pergola on the veranda, take a cue from the dockside location and focus on fresh fish. Recent highlights included swordfish crudo with chicory salad and lardo di Colonnata (16 euros) and a light seafood soup with mussels and homemade cavatelli (14 euros). After lunch, stroll through the gardens of the neo-Classical Villa Melzi (6.50 euros), a shortcut to the lakeside promenade that leads back to the ferry pier in Bellagio.
8. It Takes a Villa | 4 p.m.
Many of Lake Como's lovely waterfront villas remain the private domain of privileged residents, but a few are open to the visiting public. One of the most magnificent is the stately Villa Carlotta, a former marquis's mansion dating from the late 17th century that today functions as a museum. Located across the lake in Tremezzo, a 20-minute ferry ride west from Bellagio, the grand villa today houses artworks, including sculptures by Antonio Canova. But most captivating are the romantic Italian gardens surrounding the villa where roughly 20 cultivated acres bloom with camellias, azaleas, roses and citrus trees (admission, 9 euros).
9. Aristocratic Aperitivo | 7 p.m.
After a garden stroll, take a break on the beach. Lake Como may not have sandy shores, but at the nearby Grand Hotel Tremezzo, the hulking luxury hotel has installed T Beach, a full-service beach club complete with trucked-in sand, sun beds, umbrellas and a full-size pool floating in the lake. Go around sunset for a Campari aperitivo (10 euros) served with golden views of Bellagio across the lake. Or if the beach party atmosphere seems too artificial, head south to Villa d'Este, a supremely sophisticated hotel in the charming town of Cernobbio. Generations of guests have sipped aperitivi at the storied hotel's Bar Terrazza, nibbling on olives in the shade of ancient chestnut trees while watching boats cruise past.
10. Night at the Palazzo | 9:30 p.m.
After the sun sets, take your evening meal inside another gorgeous edifice. Opened in 2013 in a renovated two-story palazzo near the waterfront in Como, Theoria is a tearoom, lounge and restaurant (called I Tigli in Theoria) set around a lovely courtyard garden strung with fairy lights. The first-floor dining room is an elegant space with large arched windows, coffered wooden ceilings and servers dressed in traditional Trentino folk attire. On the walls are rotating art exhibitions, and on the tables are French-inflected dishes like sea-bass quenelles and foie gras with raspberries. After dinner (about 50 euros), head upstairs to the handsome lounge, which serves impressive platters during aperitivo hour and late at night pours well-mixed nightcaps like the Hugo, with mint, lime, elderflower syrup, prosecco and soda (9 euros).
SUNDAY
11. Charged Morning | 10 a.m.
There's no finer way to greet the day than a walk along Como's sparkling waterfront. From Piazza Cavour, follow the lakeside promenade westward past Tempio Voltiano, a neo-Classical museum dedicated to Alessandro Volta, a local physicist whose name should ring a bell — or rather, induce a spark — for science students worldwide: They invented the electric battery. Double back upon reaching the palatial Villa Olmo for a round-trip stroll of just under two miles — enough exercise to warrant a reward from Gelateria Lariana, an artisanal shop scooping homemade gelato in mouthwatering flavors like fresh fig and pistacchio di Bronte.
12. On the Water | Noon
Speedier services exist, but lazy Sunday afternoons are best spent aboard a slow ferry that floats past villas and small villages clinging to the water's edge. After a couple of hours of cruising, alight in Varenna (round-trip ticket, 23.20 euros), a postage-stamp-size town hugging the lake's eastern shore. From the dock, stroll south along winding cobblestone lanes to Villa Monastero, a former monastery and noble's residence that today draws visitors to its lakeside gardens (admission, 5 euros). Promenade beneath cypress and citrus trees and through the beautiful waterfront loggia while savoring the views that have lured admirers to Lake Como's stunning shores for centuries.
[wpResize]
It's 10 pm on salary day and Jane is just prepping themselves for a party. They head to a posh club in SoBo (Ones that they can only afford on salary night).
It's 10 pm on salary day and Jane is just prepping themselves for a party. They head to a posh club in SoBo (Ones that they can only afford on salary night). The mood at the club seems right and the setting electric, as they get a peek on what's going on inside.  They are all but inside, before a bouncer, who asks them who she's with, stops them On getting to know that she's alone, they tell them they can only party if she's in the company of a ‘man' and that it's against club rules to allow single women to party inside. As Jane starts walking back they spot a single girl entering the club. When they confront the bouncer, they tell them off with a number of excuses, all of which subtly implies that they either didn't come in a BMW, or wasn't dressed to signify that they were wealthy.
Sound a bit outrageous Now, flip the story and turn ‘Jane' into a ‘John'. While it may still sound outrageous, what you get is the treatment that most men you spot at parties have been subjected to at one point or the other. It's called ‘stag entry' and comes with restrictions that counterparts of the other gender are not subjected to. It's so common that its par for the course; only, it shouldn't be!
The Article 15 (2) of the country's constitution guarantees: ‘No citizen shall, on grounds only of religion, race, caste, SEX, place of birth or any of them, be subject to any disability, liability, restriction or condition with regard to-access to shops, public restaurants, hotels and places of public entertainment'.
But clubs violate this rule on a daily basis. Take the case of Siddharth, who was denied entry at Colaba Social, one of the posh pubs in the city for being a ‘stag'. “I had shifted back to Mumbai recently after many years and really wanted to try out the Colaba Social because I had heard a lot of good things about it. So after work, me and my friend decided to head there with the intention of having a couple of drinks and head out to Marine Drive later. We drove to Social and the Valet took our car. But as we were about to entry, the bouncer stopped us and said how many of were there. We had heard about stag entry rules, so we said two of us, but we are expecting a few friends (with girls among them) to join us. The bouncer used three word to categorically deny us entry: ‘No stag entry' before attending to other entrants. Before we headed there, we thought we gain entry by coaxing the bouncer a little. But on being brushed off like that we felt like protesting a little. But in a posh place like that, protesting after being denied entry can seem extremely embarrassing and I assume that is why most people don't raise questions against the practise and take it as a rule,” says Siddharth, narrating their experience.
But is it a hard and fast rule We asked the bouncers themselves and the answer was a categorical ‘no'. Sachin, a bouncer for the past four years at several major clubs in Bandra and South Mumbai says, “The thing is it is a top-down hierarchy and whatever the senior or manager says becomes a rule. I have never seen a club which has written rules saying that stags are not allowed and I also have never seen one, where exceptions have not been made.”
Curious to know more, we asked them how this process of filtering actually works. To which Sachin replies, “'Dekh ke pata chal jata hai', (You can tell just by looking) whether a person can be let inside or not. We look at things like whether the person has a history of creating trouble once inside or how much they spend once inside. The kind of car they come in or the clothes they are wearing also counts.”
So what about when someone questions back when denied entry “Mostly we tell them that it is a private party. In some cases, we tell them that they have to pay such and such cover charge and quote exorbitant rates such as, say Rs 2000. If someone is ready to pay that we do let them in. But there is no rule as such. If someone is known to cause problems inside or is overly aggressive we don't let them inside,” adds Sachin Attesting to the existence of this practice, a personal manager at a nightclub in the city says, “it's mostly the job of a senior waiter to keep note of those who regularly come and how much they spend. So while unknown stags are mostly not allowed inside, we always make an exception for people that we know and who regularly spend well. What it also depends on is the balance within the club at the present time. If there are already too many single guys within the club, we may decide to discourage stag entry. The onus of whom to let in and who not to rests mostly on us, because after the bouncers, we are ultimately held accountable for any problems that may occur.”
While it may seem morally unsound, we go on to the big question: Is it legal to do so Lawyer Preeti Sukthanker believes that it is. They explain, “It's the same principle as a ladies compartment on a train. Trains are for public use and yet there are compartments where men are not allowed. The reasoning for this is the presumption that it aids safety and lends itself to larger public good. The bottomline is, while Article 15 (2) states that one cannot be denied entry to a place of public entertainment on basis of gender, a distinction can be made if such a distinction is for public good.”
However, Preeti further adds that there is a caveat for making this distinction. “It can be made if and only if it aids public good,” they explain. Now, coming to the stag entry issue, Preeti adds that while there might be a contention that allowing single men might create problems for safety, going by their (clubs, pubs and bars) own experience that single men may tend to drink more, get into fights and so on, if the primary reason isn't security, it wouldn't be a solid contention. The problem is that security isn't the primary concern, as attested to by workers in pub themselves; rather it is marketing and sales. Sachin, who has refused entry for many stags as a bouncer explains, “The owners or managers want to maintain a gender balance so that the club attracts more customers. So even if someone doesn't look suspicious, we still don't allow them in if there are already too many men inside.”
In such a case, the contention of security doesn't seem solid. And Preeti adds, “When the primary goal for denying entry to stags is marketing or sales, a court wouldn't uphold the distinction. So it definitely becomes a practice of questionable legality.”
However, notwithstanding the legality of the practise, the problem that remains is simply this: It has never been questioned and hence continues to be legal.
If Australians felt blindsided in April when the federal government announced its purchase of an additional 58 F-35 Joint Strike Fighter jets for $12 billion, they'll want to sit down with a strong cup of tea to contemplate the cost of our future submarine fleet. The new vessels will need to enter service by the early-to-mid 2030s in order to replace the ageing Collins Class submarines. It will be one of the biggest and most expensive infrastructure projects in Australian history, as ambitious as the Snowy Mountain Hydro-electric Scheme or the National Broadband Network.
To discuss the project, the Australian Strategic Policy Institute (ASPI) hosted a conference, The Submarine Choice, over two days in April. It was “the most knowledgeable gathering ever held in Australia to do with submarines”, said ASPI's executive director, Peter Jennings, and there was not an empty seat to be found in the Federation Ballroom of the Canberra Hyatt.
The defence minister, David Johnston, opened the conference and stated clearly the difficulty Australia faces in considering its future submarine options. What we want, the minister admitted, is a conventional submarine (one powered by diesel-electric motors), with the power, speed and range of a nuclear submarine. Such a boat doesn't exist. Nor, as the then chief of navy, Vice Admiral Ray Griggs, pointed out in their speech, has Australia even begun to acquire the infrastructure or invest in the training needed to support nuclear-powered submarines.
As a senior defence consultant told me, Australia has the only navy in the world that flogs its diesel submarines thousands of kilometres across the ocean – and then goes on patrol. Designers of conventional subs, such as the Swedes and Germans, have experience with shorter ranges: designing a sub for the Baltic Sea is like designing a sub to do laps around the Gulf of Carpentaria.
Minister Johnston stressed that our future fleet would have to be regionally dominant, superior and also affordable. They acknowledged that these were difficult goals. Whether they are mutually exclusive depends, I suppose, on the government's definition of “affordable”.
ASPI estimates 12 future submarines will likely cost around $36 billion; the chair of the German naval vessel and submarine manufacturer ThyssenKrupp Marine Systems (TKMS), a major sponsor of the conference, gave a figure of $20 billion. The TKMS estimate is a “sailaway” price, however – a dollars-per-tonne base amount that doesn't include design or defence project-management costs. Neither estimate includes the cost of supporting the subs throughout their lifespan, which will double or triple the price.
Having said that, the figure of 12 submarines was plucked from the 2009 Defence White Paper and reiterated in the 2013 White Paper. It's unclear if anyone in the navy or the current government wants 12 subs, and currently there aren't crews for them. The more likely number is six.
So why submarines, and which submarines for Australia? As long as advances in technology don't render submarines too much easier to detect (a concern raised by Dr Andrew Davies, an ASPI analyst), why submarines is easy to answer.
As Griggs said, “Our submarines provide us with strategic weight in a way that no other ADF [Australian Defence Force] asset … does.” They meant that submarines are such potent weapons that they change the behaviour of other nations. As we consider their direct cost, they added, we should balance it with the investment imposed on other nations to counter them. Clearly other nations agree: there is a sub-buying frenzy going on in the Asia-Pacific, and Vietnam, Thailand and even Bangladesh is among the countries involved. More than half the world's submarines operate in the region through which all of Australia's maritime trade passes.
“Australia does indeed have a choice, and that choice is to be a relevant maritime power or not,” said Admiral Harry B Harris Jr, commander of the US Pacific Fleet. Harris was speaking at the conference dinner, held in the Anzac Hall of the Australian War Memorial.
Harris continued with a frankness that nearly caused their audience of admirals to choke on their entrees: “I'm concerned by the aggressive growth of the Chinese military, their lack of transparency and a pattern of increasingly assertive behaviour in the region.” Events since then have only heightened the sense of tensions building towards overt conflict.
Critical decisions need to be made by this time next year to avoid a gap between our current and future submarines. From the selection of the design to the first cutting of steel for the hull, there will need to be at least eight years of design and drafting. Each sub will take a further five years to build. By the time the future sub is launched, the Collins Class subs will have been in service so long it would be as if Australia's AE2 sub, in service at Gallipoli, had continued until the end of World War Two. As Andrew Davies points out, “Forty years ago, a high-tech car had seatbelts.” Every aspect of the submarine must be able to be upgraded to remain relevant for its full service life.
In their conference speech, Professor Thomas Mahnken of the US Naval War College contended that the most important characteristic of our future submarine would be “interoperability”. What they meant was that Australia should regard the ability to work with the US Navy as the most important consideration.
This may mean we can only partner with the Swedes, building on what's been learnt from working with their former submarine designer Kockums on the Collins Class subs. This is because the US has already allowed some of its submarine technology and data, among the most tightly held defence technology in the world, to be incorporated into the Collins, something they're extremely reluctant to allow with other builders.
The more speeches I heard, the clearer it seemed that there is a looming contradiction between Australia's oft-stated goal of regional technological superiority in defence and our decreasing investment in training and research. Defence capability is a complex, high-order expression of a nation's scientific and technical strength – it's not something that can just be bolted onto a shaky educational and research foundation. Changes to higher education funding, which may make engineering degrees very expensive, will further hollow out this capability. Currently we do not even have enough draughtsmen to produce technical drawings for submarine design.
The most dramatic moment of the conference came five minutes before its end and drove home the urgency of submarine politics. The incident was a tense exchange between the Swedes and the Germans over Kockums, which was sold to the German-owned TKMS 15 years ago.
Commenting from the conference floor, retired Swedish rear admiral Göran Larsbrink said that Russian president Vladimir Putin's adventurism in Ukraine had strengthened the desire of the Swedes to renationalise their submarine industry.
The Swedes were nervous about the resurgence of hard-edged military power in Europe, and on 8 April, the very day of the conference welcome reception, the Swedish military had raided the premises of TKMS in Malmö, Sweden, and taken back sensitive submarine technology. Larsbrink tried to explain their government's unprecedented actions, suggesting the Swedish government now regretted the sale of Kockums to the Germans. The chair of TKMS publicly accused the Swedish government of using “force to deprive us of our basic ownership rights”. This heated exchange raised eyebrows in the Department of Defence and the minister's office. On 29 June the Swedes finally got their precious submarine builder back when Saab bought Kockums from TKMS.
No doubt causing angst to European submarine builders at the conference, Minister Johnston expressed interest in a quick-fix third option when they praised the Japanese Soryu sub as the “best conventional submarine in the world”. Since the Australian and the Japanese prime ministers signed a trade agreement during Shinzo Abe's visit in early July, the media has breathlessly suggested the possibility of off-the-shelf purchase of Japanese submarines. The Australian submariner community is highly sceptical, as Japanese subs do not meet Australia's unique requirements, and their much-touted air-independent propulsion is actually Swedish technology that would have to be bought directly from Sweden. The supposedly silent propulsion system, according to these submariners, also includes a modified French engine that is already out of date. While the upside of a Japanese agreement might include sharing valuable technical data, the Soryu subs are not the easy solution the minister is looking for. For Australia, the submarine choice remains tantalisingly elusive.
> Fuel Tank
> Power steering fluid
> Brake/Clutch fluid
> Coolant
Quote: IHeartGroceries on 4/13/2012 View Post Originally Posted by Just got off the phone with the Ford house.
Their Mazda equivalent fluid is now identified as VC10A2.
It was priced 27.59/gal...
> Engine:
> Tranny:
GL-4
> PTO & Rear Diff:
GL-5
(SVG)
What's the deal with this GL-4 vs GL-5 business anyway?
>DIY Pics:
>Helpful Hints:
Squeaky clutch or shifter?
Quote: lapisbluinhou View Post Originally Posted by
What is the recommended lube for this guy and is it applied directly on the part?
Quote: FORZDA 1 View Post Originally Posted by The best grease I have found for underhood type stuff in the green "waterproof" grease from Advance auto. Can't think of the name right now, but you will know it when you see it. The shifter mechanism must be cleaned out real good with paper towels before adding lube. You lube it by "squishing" a blob of grease into and through the openings and wiping off the excess.
This guy is starting to make an awful noise when I press in the clutch. Not sure if they need to be lubed or replaced.
Quote: FORZDA 1 View Post Originally Posted by The clutch slave cylinder push rod squeaks where it contacts the release arm. Just push a bit of the green grease into the contact area and it will be fine. What is the recommended lube for this guy and is it applied directly on the part?This guy is starting to make an awful noise when I press in the clutch. Not sure if they need to be lubed or replaced.
> Post-transplant start-up options
Quote: (whoosh @ Apr 8 2009, 05:50 AM)
install the turbo and connect all lines (oil and coolant)
unplug the coil packs / just the connectors
turn the car over for about 10-15 seconds
obviously it will not start and thats the point to get oil running through the turbo
sit a minute and do the 10-15 seconds again
connect the coil packs and start it up
don't worry about the coolant
after your car is running and you are sure there are no leaks
let it cool a bit and add coolant until it's at the required level
Quote: ungrave View Post Originally Posted by I wanted to add that the crank/no start procedure from whoosh is a good idea but not the best way of going about it. Reason being is that with that procedure you are removing the spark but the engine is still injecting fuel into the combustion chamber.
A much better and easier way of doing this (and what I do on initial start up after each oil change) is to simply pull the fuel injector fuse.
Open the fuse box under the hood next to the air filter. Pull the fuel injector fuse, I believe it's labeled 'FUEL INJ'. Fuses are labeled under the fuse box cover. It should be the fuse near the corner of the fuse box by the MAF. Crank the engine till the oil light goes off, then put the fuse back in. Then crank it again and it'll start right up with instant oil pressure!
Notes on fluids & associated part information for the MS6Please do post corrections or suggestions-I'll integrate to this post as appropriateThis was mostly copied & pasted from dozens of posts,or taken from the '06 MS6 owners manual-notes gathered mostly just to make my life easier.based on US dollars, quarts or gallons=============================================- 15.9 us gal- ATF M-III, M-V, or equivalent (e.g. Dexron® II)dry fill- 1 quart- SAE J1703, or FMVSS116 DOT-3system flush- 1 liter- 8.5 us qts (2.25 us gallons)Type- Mazda FL22Mazda OEM - part# 0000-77-508E-20Ford Specialty Green Coolant - Motorcraft part # VC-10-A or VC-10-A2 - $27.59 gallon 50/50 mixZerex Asian Vehicle Coolant - NAPA Part # ZRX 675130 - $13.99 gallon of 50/50 mixget 2 gallons and top off with distilled waterIt seems thatMazda has coolant called "FL22"Some clarity, compliments of the BobIsTheOilGuy forums, and a poster named ponderosaTX "...Mazda automotive coolants are green but they have almost NOTHING in common with conventional North American green coolant. Prior to the 2005 model year, Mazdas were equipped with a first generation P-OAT (phosphated organic acid technology) coolant developed and manufactured by CCI, the leading Japanese coolant company. P-OAT coolants rely on a combination of phosphates and organic acids to prevent corrosion; they contain no silicates or borates. In the 2005 model year, Mazda started using a second generation P-OAT coolant which has a lower concentration of phosphates and an improved organic acid additive package. The other major Japanese auto manufacturers, namely Toyota, Honda, and Nissan all use essentially the same coolant technology.The only aftermarket P-OAT coolants are Japanese OEM coolants from Mazda, Toyota, Honda, and Nissan, Zerex Asian Vehicle coolant, and Motorcraft Specialty Green Engine Coolant (which reportedly is identical to the second generation Mazda FL22 OEM P-OAT coolant). For the record, Ford started using Japanese P-OAT coolant technology in many of its 2009 models (those sharing engine technology with Mazda) instead of G-05. Ford evidently found the performance of Japanese P-OAT coolants was superior to G-05 in Mazda engineered engines.Using conventional North American green coolant in a Mazda is a bad idea. Even German (BASF) coolant technology as embodied in G-05, which contains silicates and no phosphates, is a much better choice than conventional North American green for vehicles with aluminum blocks and aluminum radiators. But a genuine P-OAT coolant, particularly a second generation P-OAT coolant like Mazda FL22 or Motorcraft Specialty Green, is the best choice."It now looks like Ford Specialty Green Coolant may be the cost-effective alternative to Mazda FL22. Zerex Asian Vehicle Coolant is another option.5.5 - 6 qts7 quarts with Balance Shaft removed- 5W-30Oil Filter - cartridge styleOil Filter Part Numbers:FL-2017B - Motorcraft/Ford OEM cartridge oil filterL321-14-302-9U - Mazda OEM cartridge oil filter7203 - Napa Gold cartridge oil filter (made by Wix)57203 - Wix cartridge oil filterL15505 Purolator Premium Plus cartridge oil filterPL15505 Purolator Pure One cartridge oil filterGL15505 O'Reilly's/Microgard cartridge oil filterP7313 - Baldwin cartridge oil filterHP-7013 - K&N cartridge oil filter (made by Champion Labs)84203 - Carquest cartridge oil filter (made by Wix)LF594 - Hastings cartridge oil filterCH9641 - Fram cartridge oil filterP960 - Champ cartridge oil filter (Champion Labs, makes oil filters for other companies)S9641 - STP cartridge oil filter (made by Champion Labs)M1C153 - Mobil1 cartridge oil filterOil Filter Wrench - 76mm/14 flutesEngine Oil Crush Washer - Mazda OEM - part# 9956-41-400Drain Bolt torque specs - 23-30 ft-lbs- API Service(SAE 75W-90)3 qts - GL-42.5 us qts actual fillSynthetic Manual Transmission and TransaxleGear Lube 75W-90 API GL-4 (MTG)MT-90 (75W90 GL-4 Gear Oil)Ford Manual Transaxle fluid # XT-M5-QS (75W-90 GL-4 Gear Oil)Transmission Crush Washer - Mazda OEM - part# A601-17-117Drain and Fill Bolt torque specs - 20.2-37.5 ft-lbs- API Service(SAE 80W-90)3qts - GL-5- pto - 1.3 us qts actual fill- r.diff - 1.1 us qts actual fillSEVERE GEAR® Synthetic Extreme Pressure (EP) Lubricant 75W-90Long Life Synthetic Gear Lube SAE 75W-90 (FGR)75W-90 (75W90 GL-5 Gear Oil)PTO Crush Washer - Mazda OEM - part# 9956-21-800Rear Diff Crush Washer - Mazda OEM - part# 9956-41-800Drain and Fill Bolt torque specs - Transfer case: 29.0-43.3 ft-lbs........................................... Rear differential: 29.0-39.7 ft-lbsYou can go here and form your own opinion:Even more reading on the subject- clicky-clicky In theory, and in the print of many GL-5 containers, and many parts counter guys will say GL-5 superseded GL-4 and is suitable for all GL-4 or GL-5 locations.That said, many, including my Amsoil Rep and the Bobistheoilguy forums will tell you different. My Mazda manual also clearly states 4 for the tranny, 5 in the remainder.GL-5 contains sulfur compounds known to not be healthy to yellow metals such as brass (read: your synchros). GL-4 has a substantially lower quantity of sulfur than GL-5, which instead uses chemicals to try & lessen the impact on gold metals.My manual calls for GL-4My Amsoil Rep is is vehement on this as well!Trans:Transfer Case/PTO:Read Diff:the plugs are all either 23 or 24mmdrain & fill bolt torque specs from the FSM:- Engine: 23-30 ft-lbs- Transmission: 20.2-37.5 ft-lbs- Transfer case: 29.0-43.3 ft-lbs- Rear differential: 29.0-39.7 ft-lbscrush washer part numbers:- Trans oil plug washer - A601-17-117- T-case oil plug washer - 9956-21-800- Diff oil plug washer - 9956-41-800
A frustrated professor at the National Autonomous University (UNAM) has charged the federal Attorney General's office with negligence for its failure to take any action against ongoing violence by a group of ex-students.
Since 2013, the university has reported eight acts of violence ranging from property theft and vandalism to assaults with firearms and explosives resulting in property damage and injuries. But in none of the eight cases have the attackers — whose identities are known — been brought to justice.
The most recent incident occurred on Wednesday when a group of masked individuals violently broke into the College of Sciences and Humanities on the Naucalpan campus, where a concert was taking place, and wreaked havoc by assaulting several professors, four of whom had to be hospitalized.
UNAM identified the attackers as three expelled students: José Luis Ramírez Alcántara, Irene Pérez Villegas and Jorge Mario González, who had been criminally charged for previous attacks on university facilities in 2013 and 2014. They are allegedly members of an anarchist group called “Black Bloc.”
A professor and expert in criminal law, Raúl Carrancá, denounced the Attorney General for negligence in the case, emphasizing in an interview that the university has done its part by filing complaints and reporting the attacks. Now it's up to the Attorney General to do its part by arresting those responsible and putting an end to an “unacceptable” situation, said Carrancá, charging that federal authorities appear “indifferent” to it.
“The university can do no more. If public prosecutors choose apathy and indifference and thus neglect their duties under the Attorney General, it is a very unfortunate situation and it puts university students and professors at risk,” they lamented.
On October 11, 2012, before the attacks began, UNAM president José Narro Robles and the then Attorney General, Marisela Morales, signed an agreement aimed at boosting crime prevention and instilling law and order in and around the university. So far that agreement appears to have borne no fruit.
This case is particularly sensitive, according to Carrancá, since the three former students responsible for the attacks have been fully identified for several years, yet nothing has been done.
Source: Animal Político (sp)
KABUL - U.S.-funded development firms are beginning to shut down massive reconstruction projects because the Afghan government has refused to rescind a ban on their use of private security guards, according to U.S. officials and aid workers here.
The decision to start shuttering the projects, collectively worth hundreds of millions of dollars, could have far-reaching effects on the U.S.-led military campaign against the Taliban, disrupting a central component of the strategy to counter the insurgency at a critical moment in the war. Programs to assist Afghan farmers and improve local government, which are vital to the overall U.S. effort to stabilize the volatile southern and eastern parts of the country, are among those that will be affected, the officials said.
The consequences of the ban on development firms employing private guards "will be catastrophic," said one U.S. official involved in the issue. "If these projects grind to a halt, we might as well go home. They are essential to the counterinsurgency strategy."
Another U.S. official said the ban would affect about $1.5 billion in ongoing reconstruction work. More than 20,000 Afghans will lose jobs in road-building and energy projects alone, the official said.
The prohibition, which was enacted by President Hamid Karzai, has emerged as the latest flashpoint in the oft-strained U.S.-Afghan relationship, raising new questions about their willingness to cooperate with the international community and potentially complicating crucial year-end assessments of the war effort by the White House and NATO.
The ban, which goes into effect Dec. 17, affects all development firms and non-governmental organizations, including those funded by other countries and the United Nations. It also applies to private contractors who guard supply convoys for the military bearing food, fuel and other essential supplies, as well as to international banks and other private entities whose services support reconstruction work.
Diplomats and representatives of the companies contend that private security guards are essential to operations in much of the country because of the threat of insurgent attacks and criminal activity. But Afghan officials argue that private security contractors operate with little oversight or accountability and sometimes function as private militias that are beyond the control of the country's police force and army.
Most of the private security companies employed by development firms rely on Afghan guards who are supervised by foreigners. Some of the firms are Afghan-owned, while others are international firms that operate in multiple countries.
The Afghan government wants development workers and their projects to be guarded by police officers and soldiers, a goal that diplomats and aid workers say is unrealistic because the local government security forces are corrupt, ill-trained and not numerous enough to do the job. The development firms have also said they would be unable to insure their employees - a key prerequisite for operations in a war zone - if they are unable to employ private guards.
"If we don't have private security, we cannot operate in Afghanistan," said one development executive, who, like others, spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue. "It's not open to negotiation."
U.S. and NATO diplomats have been working furiously to soften the prohibition since it was authorized over the summer. Under pressure from Gen. David H. Petraeus, the top U.S. and NATO commander here, Karzai's national security council issued an exemption Sunday for military bases, embassies, diplomatic residences and diplomatic convoys.
Diplomats and aid workers initially assumed that the failure to mention development organizations was an oversight that would be corrected. But Karzai on Wednesday said the ban would not be amended. "These companies are closed - that is it," they said, referring to security firms not working for diplomats or the military.
How to Make a Simple Burlap Tablecloth:
Note: to purchase ready made runners or table cloths, click here.
This is a simple burlap table runner that I made for my coffee table, but it could be made to any size for any table. For the borders, I used a simple white netting material which gave it a real elegant touch. I chose yellow for the stitching because I felt it went really well with the natural tones of the fabric. To do this project, you will need burlap, white netting material, yarn or cross stitching thread, scissors, a cross stitch needle, and a hot glue gun. This project took me about an hour, the majority of it being the hand-sewing.
Step 1: Cut the burlap to the size you want, and then the white netting to one inch larger than the burlap. If you want to make a cleaner edge with the netting, you can make it 2 inches larger.
Step 2: Glue the corners in place. First, place a dab of glue on the corner of the netting and fold it over, keeping the sides straight. Then, fold the edges so they meet in the middle and secure them with glue. If you are using a larger piece of netting to make a hem, cut out a 1 inch by 1 inch corner before gluing.
Step 3: Thread your needle. If you are doing the cleaner hem, you may want to fold the netting under and iron it down before you begin sewing.
Step 4: Sew along all the edges with big, even stitches. You can do whatever type of stitch you want, but bigger stitches tend to look better. Simple square knots can be tied in the end of the thread to secure it, and it can be tied into the stitches on the back to hide it. To best keep the netting laying flat, put the stitches about 1/4 inch from the burlap.
And you're done! You could add extra embroidered stitches or designs if you wanted, or even paint designs on it, but it's all up to you. I chose to keep mine simple yet elegant, a perfect complement to my flowers.
Considered by many to have been a Cocoa Beach landmark, The First Federal Savings and Loan Building was constructed in 1961, giving the city's skyline a modern look for the time.
The building was nicknamed “The Glass Bank”, because originally the structure boasted glass windows on it's entire exterior. The top floor was occupied by the “Ramon's Rainbow Room”, a restaurant and nightclub which regularly hosted national politicians, astronauts and Hollywood stars and was known for it's great tasting food and atmosphere.
Over the years, concrete was added to the building's exterior, possibly due to hurricanes constantly hitting Florida's east coast. It's last tenants were Huntington Bank on the first floor, an Atlantic Nautilus fitness center on the upper floors, and Frank Wolfe who had built a penthouse atop of the building.
After taking heavy damage in 2004 from Hurricane Frances, the businesses on the bottom floors were forced to move out but Frank Wolfe remained in their penthouse on the top floor.
The building soon fell into disarray and the city became concerned with the broken windows, leaky roofing, mold and asbestos. This prompted a legal battle between Wolfe and the Glass Bank Condominium Association, which oversaw the rest of the building and wanted it torn down. Despite the fact that the bottom half of the building was in disrepair, Wolfe's penthouse was in immaculate condition; clean and with running electricity.
Following a years-long dispute about what to do with the building, a three-judge appellate court panel affirmed that Wolfe owed millions of dollars for assessments, fees and repairs to majority owner Joseph Yossifon.
In January 2014, the condo association signed an agreement with Cocoa Beach officials to let the city declare the structure a nuisance, demolish it, clear it, and then have the owners pay back the costs of the demolition within three years. Wolfe rejected the proposal, but a court ruling in February cleared the way for the association to begin foreclosure proceedings against Wolfe.
The day following the court hearing, Frank Wolfe was found dead in front of the Glass Bank by a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
The building has since been demolished and was replaced with nothing but an empty lot.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The Tawse was the Scottish education system's corporal punishment weapon of choice
For children schooled in Scotland right up until the 1980s, a particular leather product was the source of fear and dread - the Lochgelly Tawse.
The tawse, a Scots word meaning thongs of a whip, was an essential part of the teacher's trade.
It was the Scottish school's corporal punishment weapon of choice against unruly students and enforced a strict atmosphere in classrooms from Shetland to the Borders.
While students throughout the rest of the UK were punished by use of belt or cane, Scottish teachers used this modified version of the belt - a thick leather whip with one end split in to two tails, or tawse.
Image caption The strap was frequently used in Scottish classrooms until the 1980s
"The culture of the society completely accepted this. The parents were all for it," historian Sir Tom Devine tells the BBC Scotland documentary Growing up in Scotland: A century of childhood.
According to educational policy expert Prof Lindsay Paterson: "The threat of physical violence was present in schools but then it was present in families, it was present in communities, it was present through the church.
"The schools simply saw themselves as reproducing that - ethics were to be instilled partly by the threat of violence."
Students were not only disciplined for disobeying rules or disorderly behaviour but simply for not understanding a lesson, or for answering a question incorrectly.
Image caption The Lochgelly Tawse was the most popular design
Prof Devine, from Edinburgh University, says: "There is plenty of evidence that if you failed to gain a certain mark then the belt would be produced."
The Reverend Bill Brown tells the Growing up in Scotland programme they got belted one day for spelling Canada with a small 'c'.
They say: "It led to a mini breakdown. It was almost like a mental breakdown.
"The consequence of which was that I became withdrawn. I missed a couple of years of school."
They add: "I think it is appalling to think we would hit children with a belt like this.
"It is incredible to think there was actually a production line producing these so that teachers would always have one."
Throughout the mid-20th century, Scotland's saddlers and leather makers developed their techniques in creating a tawse that was fast to manufacturer, easy to wield, yet firm when used.
Image caption The tawse was designed to hurt the hands but not draw blood
However one manufacturer's design rose above the rest, and is said to have held the majority of the tawse market, estimated at 70%.
Based in Lochgelly, Fife, John J Dick Leather Goods were the teacher's preferred suppliers at the height of the tawse's reign of terror.
The Lochgelly Tawse was made by cutting 2ft long strips of leather from pre-tanned and pre-curried hides.
The leather would then be dressed and cut halfway up the middle to form the tails.
The particular design of the tails provided the searing nip when it struck the student's hand.
However, the Lochgelly method was preferable in that the tails were "edged" in order to prevent drawing blood.
In the early 1970s demand for the tawse was strong but a modern manufacturing method was required to keep up with orders from teachers not just in Scotland, but across the UK.
The company modernised their method with a state-of-the-art three-phase cutting press, allowing manufacturing of the tawse on a factory scale.
By the end of the 1970s it became harder to source leather thick enough to manufacture the heavier versions of the tawse and public opinion on corporal punishment was slowly starting to change.
By 1983 the use of corporal punishment was beginning to be phased out in state schools after two Scottish mothers won an action in the European Court of Human Rights.
Use of the Lochgelly Tawse and any other form of corporal Punishment was finally banned in state schools in 1987, with Scottish private schools following suit over 10 years later in 1998.
Margaret Dick is granddaughter of George Dick and daughter of John Dick, the men behind the infamous Lochgelly design.
They still run the family leather goods business from Lochgelly, supplying leather wares for Sgain Dubhs, harnesses and handbags.
Surprisingly the manufacturing of the tawse continues, though only as a collector's item, and not on the scale of years gone by.
Margaret has mixed feelings about the tawse and finds it surprising that so many people are still interested in it.
They say: "It's just part of the history of my family, and like it or lump it, I'm stuck with that."
Growing up in Scotland- A Century of Childhood is on BBC Two Scotland at 21:00 on Thursday 23 February
Bournemouth goalkeeper Adam Federici saved three penalties
Premier League Bournemouth survived a scare against Preston to reach the League Cup fourth round on penalties.
Shaun MacDonald's looping header gave Bournemouth the lead but substitute Jordan Hugill nodded the Championship side level to force extra time.
The Cherries took the lead again through Marc Pugh's close-range strike before Daniel Johnson levelled from the penalty spot.
Johnson had the decisive penalty saved by Adam Federici in the shootout.
Hugill and Alan Browne also had penalties saved, with home keeper Jordan Pickford denying Dan Gosling, as Bournemouth won the shootout 3-2.
The Lilywhites, who knocked Premier League Watford out in the previous round, were deservedly behind at the break after MacDonald took advantage of some poor defending to open the scoring.
Simon Grayson's men rallied after the break, though, and Hugill got on the end of Greg Cunningham's cross from the left to head a leveller with six minutes left.
Pugh was at the centre of the action in extra time, stabbing home after Josh King's shot was blocked, before Johnson punished their handball from the penalty spot.
Bournemouth manager Eddie Howe:
"Adam Federici is an outstanding goalkeeper and he's made some great saves there that's got us through and the lads have shown great composure to score at the other end,
"He's an outstanding, experienced international goalkeeper who we certainly believe in.
"He's also a great character and brilliant with the lads, even though he's not playing at the moment he's certainly giving competition for places."
Preston boss Simon Grayson:
"They showed a lot of character and worked extremely hard and showed all of the things that we asked of them after the weekend with that second-half performance.
"I'm pleased with them and disappointed to go out but if you're going to lose a game and respond after a disappointing performance that was the way to do it tonight."
Police are searching for a local Tea Party leader in Ohio who is wanted for violating a temporary protection order. Meanwhile, speakers at a Tea Party rally organized by the man, Brian “Sonny” Thomas, have pulled out after they suggested in a tweet that they wanted to shoot Hispanic immigrants — then blaming it on a Bee Gees song.
Thomas is the founder and president of the Springboro Tea Party in southwest Ohio. They face a misdemeanor charge after recently going to the home of the mother of their son, in violation of a protection order. The woman had previously told police that their son had returned from Thomas's home with bruises.Thomas had already been in hot water, after they tweeted during a march in support of immigration reform: “Illegals everywhere today! So many spicks makes me feel like a speck. Grr. Where's my gun?”
Thomas's son, and the son's mother, are Hispanic.
Thomas denied to the Dayton Daily News that they had ever bruised their son. They also said that their anger was focused on illegal immigrants, not legal American citizens like their son.
Thomas has written on their website that the tweet was “facetious.” They also explained it to CNN yesterday by saying that they had been listening to the Bee Gees song “Spicks and Specks.” “I made the reference to the song, not stopping to think of the era that it was produced from and taken out of context could be so offensive to some people,” they said.
The Bee Gees song is not about race. It contains the line: “Where are the girls I left all behind, the spicks and the specks of the girls on my mind?”
In response to the tweet, several local Ohio pols, including former member of congress Jim Traficant, announced that they would not participate in a Tea Party rally that Thomas has been planning to mark Tax Day.
The tweet wasn't the first evidence that Thomas may be unusually preoccupied with race. Among the links to the Springboro Tea Party site is one to a site called white-pride.org, which sells t-shirts expressing pride in various European ancestries. CNN found a picture on Thomas's MySpace page — no longer available — of them wearing a “white pride” t-shirt. The “White Pride” slogan is frequently used by white supremacists and neo-Nazis.
As police searched for them yesterday, Thomas tweeted: “Did You Know There are Over 300 Fema Concentration Camps in The United States”. They linked to an extremist website telling readers to “resist the new world order.” They also tweeted: “Professionals advise ‘Arm yourself' When Seconds Count – Cops are minutes away.”
The controversy over Thomas comes at a time when the Tea Party movement is seeking to present a more mainstream and less controversial image to the public. A group of Tea Partiers recently announced a new federation, designed in part to fight back against charges of racism and extremism.
Them makeup artist, Lisa Storey, shares their step-by-step.
From head to toe, Game of Thrones star Lena Headey looked flawless at Sunday night's Emmy Awards, where they debuted their post-baby body and a fresh bob haircut. It was their beaded burgundy Zuhair Murad gown though that inspired them makeup.
See more Emmy Awards 2015: The Red-Carpet Arrivals
"I was thinking of them as kind of fresh-faced English rose, but the fall version, with a little drama to their eyes," says makeup artist Lisa Storey, who even used body makeup on the star "so they had this luminous glow everywhere."
Because "Lena had just come off a flight from the U.K.," moisture was key. Chanel Le Lift Serum ($175) and Le Lift Firming Eye Cream ($105) were key, with Chanel Skin Sensitive Cream ($80) on top. Beyond that, Storey also mixed the latter cream with concealer to highlight them cheekbones.
Read more How to Get Lady Gaga's High-Glam Hair
For their eyes, the makeup artist began by sweeping Chanel Illusion D'Ombre Velvet Luminous Matte Eyeshadow in Melody ($36) across their lids to create a peachy warmth. Chanel Quadra Eyeshadow in Tissé Smoky ($61) was the next step: the darker shade across the eyelid and blended into the contour, and the lightest silvery shade in the center of the eye. "Then I used Noir Intense eyeliner under the lash line, smudged it in and flicked the edges out to lift the eye a little." Le Crayon Khol Intense Eye Pencil in Graphite ($29) was used in the lower waterline "to help the eye pop open." The final touch: mascara, of course.
NEW DELHI: BJP's complaint against Aam Aadmi Party convener Arvind Kejriwal for holding three voter identity cards has resulted in the Election Commission of India initiating an inquiry against its own officials. The Commission found Kejriwal declared their voter card from Seemapuri and sought its cancellation before applying for a second from New Delhi. EC officials said the mistake occurred on their part since the first card was not cancelled.“Kejriwal submitted the necessary documents and declared that they already had a card from Seemapuri. It was the duty of EC to cancel the first card before issuing the second one. The mistake is entirely ours and we have initiated an inquiry against the official concerned,” said Ankur Garg, chief nodal officer for Delhi election.On Sunday, BJP accused Kejriwal of being a registered voter at three places—Sahibabad in UP, Seemapuri and New Delhi constituency. The complainant found evidence on the EC website that three cards were registered in Kejriwal's name and claimed to have submitted a written complaint to Delhi EC.“Arvind had one card registered at their Kaushambi address. They got this cancelled before applying for one in Seemapuri. This, too, was declared before EC in Form 6 while applying for a third card. We have not engaged in any falsehood,” said a party source.
The High Court of Australia will set up a small branch in a marquee outside Parliament House, to keep pace with the daily dual citizenship referrals.
There have been six dual citizenship cases referred so far, with another 85 expected before the end of the month.
A spokesperson for the court said it was a quicker, more convenient way to get through the backlog. “We're asking parliamentarians to simply take a number, and then sit in the waiting area until they're called. They're welcome to get a coffee make a tit of themselves in Question Time while they wait”.
Other pop-up vendors are expected to open in the area to take advantage of the increased foot traffic.
Become a Shovel member. Or follow us on Email | Facebook | Twitter | Instagram
In August the Black Rebel Rifter Club was between campaigns and to fill the void it was declared Scythe & Bellicose month. Points would be awarded for killing things in said ships and at the end of the month (the 27th) we'd have a grand big fight to finish up in style. The rules were as follows;
The rules are simple.
If you haven't already got it …… train Minmatar Cruiser level II
Buy as many Bellicose and Scythe hulls as you like.
Fit them. (use your imagination – the wackier the better) Lolmails will not be frowned upon.
Go out and get kills in them. Sitting in a busy low-sec system's belt at 0 is a big help. Fleets encouraged.
Points make prizes.
50 points for a kill whilst piloting a Scythe.
25 points for a kill whilst piloting a Bellicose.
The Month
Now both the Bellicose and the Scythe are not a really common sight in PvP, but the Scythe is really really rare, I mean if a combat veteran like Azual has apparently never even seen one in PvP at all, it must be rare! The Bellicose can actually be fitted to be a respectable frigate killer, slam 180mm auto cannons on and add two stasis webifiers and overconfident frigate pilots will quickly be reduced to a great balls of flaming debris.
I made two fits at the beginning month now the Bellicose was fitted pretty much as described above, in addition to 180's I fitted a medium neut a roflket launcher and put a 800mm buffer armour tank in the lows, it worked fine. Most notable ship I fought in it was a E-UNI Vengeance which went into deep armour before they even scraped my tank but then despite asking for a 1vs1 himself, EVE's most famous blob descended on me anyway. So much for ever trusting a unista ever again, I am confident the Vengeance would have died otherwise however.
Now for the Scythe I decided to go with a bait setup, I put 180's in the top but put a multi-spectral ECM in the free slot and stuck an EC-300 drone in the bay, sadly I still don't know if it works because nobody took the bait. I got two kills in it in the end if I recall correctly, but not very notable ones (I caught an uncloaked defenceless probably afk prober….). But at least one BRRC pilot, Kooba Kaundur, had quite some success with the Scythe at what from the killmails looks to be baiting and killing can flippers.
The Bash
Eventually the 27th came around and I had to decide what to bring to the corp shoot out, a Scythe and risk dying early but potentially gathering lots of points for the total at the end, or a Bellicose and try to win the actual final slug fest? I went for the latter option.
Now fitting for an arena situation is a bit different from fitting for normal PvP, you don't need points (nobody is going to warp out as it disqualifies you) and in a setup like the one we had you know exactly what ships you'll be facing.
In normal PVP I've been increasingly frustrated by the current lowsec frigate fotm which is kite, kite and kite some more, if you like flying slow brawling ships like me, that is really annoying. So for this I decided I'd do just that but with cruiser I was going to make a kiting Bellicose. Just to be extra annoying an ECM fitted one at that, here is what I ended up bringing;
[Bellicose, Kiting Faggotry Bellicose]
Damage Control II
Nanofiber Internal Structure II
Nanofiber Internal Structure II
ECM – Phase Inverter II
ECM – Phase Inverter II
ECM – Phase Inverter II
Y-T8 Overcharged Hydrocarbon I Microwarpdrive
720mm Gallium I Cannon, Republic Fleet Depleted Uranium M
720mm Gallium I Cannon, Republic Fleet Depleted Uranium M
720mm Gallium I Cannon, Republic Fleet Depleted Uranium M
Rocket Launcher II, Caldari Navy Gremlin Rocket
Rocket Launcher II, Caldari Navy Gremlin Rocket
Medium Ancillary Current Router I
Medium Ancillary Current Router I
Medium Ionic Field Projector I
Hobgoblin SD-300 x4
Hornet EC-300 x4
Arty's for hitting out real far (I had RF Nuclear & RF Fusion in the hold it could hit up to +/-60km) and mwd+dual nano's for the kiting, ECM's for general jamming and dealing with anybody getting close, some rocket launchers thrown in for getting rid of pesky drones.
At the beginning of the fight we were all told to wrap to a neutral ‘beacon alt' at a range and from a direction of choice. Because I didn't want to end up with another Bellicose on top of me I warped in at 100 from an unlikely direction, with the desired result.
There were a couple of guys balled up on each other near the warp in alt and three of us including me sitting at range, I was 68 km from the nearest target, Lhorenzho in another Bellicose.
Now the first thing that happened is that the guys in the middle all pounced on Miura Bull and they died in seconds, poor MB, but I guess being considered that much of a threat is a compliment in its own right. Regardless, I loaded nuclear and put some damage on Lhorenzho at range just for the sake of it. Then went about jamming people I thought could kill me later, so they'd die first and not the people that I thought I could handle.
I became instantly unpopular at this point, the first comment on Ventrilo after the start of the fight being; “ECM, really?”
At some point some meanies send hobgoblins out to get me, but the rocket launchers did what they were meant to do quite effectively.
The Real Hero
As the fight progressed people died and all the Scythe's went down except for one, Dong Orson in their Scythe was standing up to and tanking two Bellicose's not to mention putting good damage on one of them… Now obviously one of the Belli's was getting some of my ECM love but still, that is pretty damned impressive.
After getting rid of the other two remaining Belli's it was just me and a Scythe that couldn't get close to me, but was comfortably tanking my damage for some time still. By now we had figured out they were running dual reppers with a booster and their fate was sealed. I just waited for the boosters to run out while kiting it and keeping it jammed and killed it when the boosters ran out. I actually felt semi bad about myself doing it. I may have won the bash but Dong was the real hero of the fight. They have incidentally also promised to pod me for this if either of us ever leave the corp, can't say I blame them 😀
So what was the fit on that Scythe? Behold!
[Scythe, Dong Orson's Scythe]
Damage Control II
Medium Armor Repairer II
Medium Armor Repairer II
Y-S8 Hydrocarbon I Afterburners
J5b Phased Prototype Warp Scrambler I
Medium Electrochemical Capacitor Booster I
Dual Light Pulse Laser II,Scorch S
Dual Light Pulse Laser II,Scorch S
Dual Light Pulse Laser II,Scorch S
Small ‘Knave' I Energy Drain
Rocket Launcher II,Caldari Navy Phalanx Rocket
Medium Ancillary Current Router I
Medium Auxiliary Nano Pump I
Medium Nanobot Accelerator I
Dong revealed after the fight they had a hold full off cap booster 800's to go with that and in case you're thinking to yourself does that really work? Have a look at the killmail and take note of; ‘Total Damage Taken: 35,293'. So yeah, that really works!
After the fight we took the remaining Scythe's & Bellicose's from our docking bays and attempted to explode a Hulk in hi-sec with them, sadly despite fleet warping the cruisers landed a bit apart and the Hulk survived in deep structure :'(
The Final Tally
I may have won the final battle but despite being absent for the bash due to real life obligations Kooba Kaundur had tallied up enough kills in a Scythe over the course of the month to be the Winner. So massive congratulations to Kooba for pulling that off. Second place was taken by yours truly and Dong & Lao tied for third. The prizes? ISK in all three cases but Kooba and moi are now the proud owners of a Scythe Fleet Issue…
Also special thanks to Miura Bull for making all of this happen and providing the prizes.
A man is fighting for their life after police say they were shot three times following an argument with their ex-girlfriend. (Published Sunday, April 12, 2015)
A man is fighting for their life after they were shot three times in the Kingsessing section of the city after an argument with their ex-girlfriend, according to police.
The 27-year-old man was visiting their current girlfriend at the grocery store where they work on 55th Street and Kingsessing Avenue around 4:30 p.m. Sunday, investigators say. Police told NBC10 they were then confronted by their ex-girlfriend leading to an argument between the two.
During the argument, the ex allegedly told the victim they were going to "get their a** shot," according to investigators.
About an hour later, as the victim was on the 1500 block of South 55th Street, an unidentified gunman in a white sedan drove towards them and opened fire.
The victim was struck once in the upper right chest, once in the upper right back and once in the buttocks before the gunman drove off. The victim managed to run into the grocery store and call 911. They were taken to Presbyterian Hospital where they are currently in critical condition.
No arrests have been made. Police have not yet released a description of the gunman. They also have not yet revealed whether the victim's ex-girlfriend will face any charges.
After an almost four month trial, 94-year-old Reinhold Hanning, a former SS guard at Auschwitz, has been found guilty on 170,000 counts of accessory to murder by a German court.
According to Philip Oltermann at the Guardian, Hanning joined the SS forces voluntarily at the age of 18. During the trial, the now-retired dairy farmer admitted that they worked at Auschwitz during the war, but said they did not work at Auschwitz-Birkenau, where soldiers murdered the majority of the 1.1 million people killed at the concentration camp.
The wheelchair-bound Hanning was silent for most of the trial, but read from a prepared statement in April, Elke Ahlswede at Reuters reports.
“I deeply regret having been part of a criminal organization responsible for the deaths of so many innocent people and destruction of countless families,” they said. “I'm ashamed that I knowingly let injustice happen and did nothing to oppose it.”
According to the BBC, Hanning's lawyers argued that they had not personally killed or beaten anyone at Auschwitz, though prosecutors accused them of meeting Jewish prisoners at the trains as they arrived and personally escorting them to the gas chambers.
A dozen camp survivors testified during the trial, including 71-year-old Angela Orosz Richt-Bein, who was born at Auschwitz. In February, they testified that their mother was experimented on by notorious Nazi doctor Josef Mengele, who injected sterilization chemicals into their uterus when they were pregnant. Because of this, Richt-Bein was just 2.2 pounds when they were born and too weak to even scream, reports Oltermann.
“People like you, Mr. Hanning, made the hell of Auschwitz possible,” they said during their statement in court. “People who looked on and assisted without asking questions.”
The decision was made possible by a precedent set in 2011 from the trial of John Demjanjuk, a guard at the Sobibór concentration camp, Melissa Eddy reports at the New York Times. Before that case, defendants had to be found personally responsible for the atrocities at the extermination camps to be tried. The judge in the Demjanjuk case, however, ruled that anyone serve at a concentration camp was complicit in mass murder. That allowed prosecutors to open cases against a dozen former guards, including Hanning.
The AP reports that the court in Detmold, Germany, sentenced Hanning to five years in prison, but they will remain free while their case is on appeal.
As an incumbent president presiding over a painfully slow recovery in which congressional Republicans, the Federal Reserve, and even their own bureaucracy can block recovery measures, Barack Obama can't run a “Morning in America” campaign. All they can do is try to convince voters that Mitt Romney won't make things better.
This is just descriptively true, but Romney's supporters have infused the description with tones of moral indignation. Republicans have been angrily accusing them of “distracting” voters from the economy with such things as attacks on Romney's business career, gay marriage, talking up the auto bailout, advocacy of higher taxes on the rich, Romney's gaffes, culture wars, even the “Fast and Furious” scandal. Jeb Ellis describes Obama's strategy as “chemical warfare.” Obama's strategy, they write, “boils down to a simple question: can Mitt Romney be made so toxic as to enable the re-election of a president that a majority of voters would rather not re-elect?”
The unstated assumption here is that the race ought to be a referendum on Obama — and, in particular, a referendum on the lousy economy. But Romney's strategy here is itself completely cynical and dishonest. I'm fairly sure that Obama genuinely believes that Romney won't usher in greater prosperity. Does Romney themselves actually believe that Obama deserves to be held accountable for the state of the economy? Here's is what Romney said about this in 2004:
The people of America recognize that the slowdown in jobs that occurred during the early years of the Bush administration were the result of a perfect storm. And an effort by one candidate to somehow say, ‘Oh, this recession and the slowdown in jobs was the result of somehow this president magically being elected' – people in America just dismiss that as being poppycock.
Romney manages to pack an enormous amount of condescension into this answer, doesn't he? In one sentence, they deploy two “somehows” and one “magically” to cast the notion that the president is responsible for job loss four years into their presidency as utterly fanciful. And there is certainly a large degree of truth to the notion that external events beyond a president's control drive economic outcomes. But even absolving Bush of any blame for the recession that began several months into their presidency — which I think is fair — the 2001 popping of the tech bubble and the 9/11 attacks were, in pure macroeconomic terms, a minor event compared to the worldwide financial crisis that began in 2008. Note that Bush had a far worse jobs record in their first term than Obama has in his.
You can believe that Bush deserves to be held accountable for the job losses in their first term but Obama does not (Obama's crisis being both far deeper and having preceded their term). Or you can argue that neither Bush nor Obama deserve to be blamed for the job losses of their respective first terms. (My view is much closer to the second than the first.) But there's no possible way you can maintain that voters ought to hold Obama accountable for job losses, but should not have done the same to Bush in 2004.
Am I quibbling? I don't think so. The entire case that Romney is putting before undecided voters — that the struggles of the economy prove Obama has failed — is something they do not believe himself. Sure, large elements of Obama's campaign message about Romney's history of outsourcing and closing plants lies somewhere between “oversimplistic” and “misleading,” but at its core there's a point that, I'm sure, Obama actually believes. Romney's whole campaign is based on an idea they don't believe. If you held their current campaign to some standard of intellectual consistency and forced them to make arguments about the president's economic responsibility without shaping those arguments to partisan self-interest, their entire rationale would collapse.
The Republican plan is to leverage public discontent over the current state of the economy into an election victory they can use to push through sweeping changes to public policy. Obama wants the electorate to vote on that instead. Now they have a good reason for wanting this: The entire thrust of the Republican plan, to cut tax rates for the rich and cut the social safety net, is highly unpopular. Why is Obama's approach of discrediting what they see as the radical policies of the opposition less edifying from the standpoint of American democracy? And why is Romney's plan to have voters base their entire decision around a single performance metric they themselves consider abject nonsense any better?
When the Samsung Galaxy J7 (2016) and Galaxy J5 (2016) were made official last month, there was no word on whether or not they'll be available outside of China. There have been reports since that the new J5 will be launched in Europe soon and now we learn the J7 is already on sale in the region.
Samsung Spain currently has the device listed on its official website for 299, and it's in stock, too. Curiously though, the model listed on the Spanish website has a screen resolution of 1280 x 720 (HD) and 2GB RAM, compared to the full HD display and 3GB RAM that were revealed when the phone was unveiled. The OS, on the other hand, has been upgraded to Marshmallow.
After Spain, France could be the next launch country for the new J series smartphones as Samsung's official website there is already listing support pages for SM-J510FN - a Galaxy J5 (2016) model. The handsets should make their way to other European markets as well, although we'll have to wait for some sort of official confirmation from Samsung on this.
Source (Samsung Spain | Samsung France) | Via
BEIJING � China is rebuilding a major center of Tibetan Buddhist learning in the country's west to improve safety and public health, a local official and state media said Tuesday, refuting reports last year that the complex was being demolished and its residents evicted.
The sprawling Larung Gar complex had been home to thousands of monks, nuns and laypeople studying the religion's more esoteric aspects. Overseas monitoring groups said last year that buildings were being torn down in an apparent attempt to drive off those staying there.
However, county government spokesperson Jiang Zhiming told The AP that only some buildings had been razed to clear access lanes for firefighters. They didn't say how many Buddhist faithfuls remained at the site, but said about 800 had been resettled in a nearby town.
"The purpose of the renovation is to improve the living standard of the residents there and eliminate fire hazards," Jiang said.
Work began last May and will finish this month, they said.
Along with the seminary and temples, the site included a settlement made of thousands of log cabins lining the steep sides of a valley that provided accommodation for residents and visitors attending short-term study courses.
Built in 1980, the seminary had hosted around 4,000 people, but was designed "haphazardly" and grew over the years "without regard to geological risks" in the seismically active area, the official China Daily newspaper said.
Government teams previously evicted thousands of monks in 2001, but the site has swelled significantly in the years since. A fire in 2014 had destroyed about 150 dwellings but caused no deaths or injuries, China Daily said.
The seminary is located in Sichuan province's Sertar county, a remote mountainous region largely off-limits to foreign media. Information from the area is almost impossible to verify.
Access to traditionally Tibetan parts of western Sichuan has been restricted since anti-government riots swept across the region in 2008 and reporters who make it to the area are usually detained and sent back to the provincial capital.
More recently, the area has seen a wave of self-immolations by Tibetan clergy and laypeople protesting government suppression and calling for the return of the Dalai Lama, the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader.
Also Tuesday, state newspapers quoted China's hand-picked Panchen Lama, the second-highest figure in Tibetan Buddhism, calling for stricter regulation of Buddhist temples and clergy, including "fake monks."
"Buddhism has suffered the effects of commercialization. Some monks were not following religious disciplines and have been seeking financial gain in the name of religion," the Panchen Lama said in their first speech ever to the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, the official advisory body to China's ceremonial parliament.
"Although fake monks cannot represent mainstream Buddhists, they have had a very negative influence," they said
China picked its own Panchen Lama in 1995, rejecting a boy chosen by the Dalai Lama, who fled Tibet in 1959 amid an abortive uprising against Chinese rule.
Thanks to their band Fozzy releasing a new album and announcing a month worth of tour dates to support it, we all thought Payback was going to be Chris Jericho's farewell to WWE - at least for a bit.
They then won the United States championship from Kevin Owens in San Jose on April 30, WWE announced they were moving from Raw to SmackDown with the belt, and we don't know what to believe.
Fozzy doesn't have a show until Friday night, so all of our speculation could be moot by tonight or tomorrow, as they could be booked to drop the title - or any number of other possibilities.
But if they opt to keep the belt on them and work around their other gig, well... it looks like the red, white and blue strap could be the blue brand's version of Brock Lesnar's Universal title for the next few weeks.
The band has a lot of Mondays off, but is booked every Tuesday until the last one of May. Further, Jericho has a concert on Sunday the 21st, when SmackDown will hold its next brand-specific pay-per-view (PPV), Backlash.
What does it mean? Who knows! But when has that ever stopped us from wildly speculating in the past.
Here's all the dates and cities for Fozzy's Judas Rising tour to assist you in over-thinking this:
Abstract
We present design and first demonstration of optics for a telescopic contact lens with independent optical paths for switching between normal and magnified vision. The magnified optical path incorporates a telescopic arrangement of positive and negative annular concentric reflectors to achieve 2.8x magnification on the eye, while light passing through a central clear aperture provides unmagnified vision. We present an experimental demonstration of the contact lens mounted on a life-sized optomechanical model eye and, using a pair of modified commercial 3D television glasses, demonstrate electrically operated polarization switching between normal and magnified vision.
©2013 Optical Society of America
An aspheric intraocular telescope for age-related macular degeneration patients Juan Tabernero, Muhammad A Qureshi, Scott J Robbie, and Pablo Artal
Biomed. Opt. Express 6(3) 1010-1020 (2015)
Report on Survey of Optical Aids for Subnormal Vision* V. J. Ellerbrock
J. Opt. Soc. Am. 36(12) 679-695 (1946)
Wearable telescopic contact lens Ashkan Arianpour, Glenn M. Schuster, Eric J. Tremblay, Igor Stamenov, Alex Groisman, Jerry Legerton, William Meyers, Goretty Alonso Amigo, and Joseph E. Ford
Appl. Opt. 54(24) 7195-7204 (2015)
North Korea has said it would put two detained American tourists on trial on charges including "perpetrating hostile acts".
The official KCNA news agency said suspicions about "hostile acts" by Matthew Todd Miller and Jeffrey Edward Fowle had been confirmed by evidence and their testimony.
"The relevant organ of the (North) is carrying on the investigation into them and making preparations for bringing them to court on the basis of the already confirmed charges," it said.
Mr Miller, 24, was arrested in April after they apparently ripped up their visa at immigration and demanded asylum in the communist state.
Mr Fowle, who entered the North on April 29, was arrested after the 56-year-old reportedly left a Bible at a hotel, bringing to three the number of Americans held by the isolated state.
Kenneth Bae, a Korean-American described by a North Korean court as a militant Christian evangelist, was arrested in 2012 and sentenced to 15 years' hard labour on charges of seeking to topple the regime.
"Contact with an official looking after consular affairs...in the course of investigation are being made in line with the laws of the relevant country," KCNA said without elaborating.
The United States has no diplomatic relations with the North, and the Swedish embassy provides limited services for US citizens there.
A number of foreigners - many of them missionaries - have been arrested in the reclusive communist state in the past.
Some were allowed to return home after intervention by high-profile US figures, but efforts to secure Bae's release have so far been unsuccessful.
A 75-year-old Australian, John Short, was detained for nearly two weeks until early March after distributing religious material in the capital Pyongyang.
They were deported after signing a detailed "confession" and apology.
The occasional arrests of Americans are seen by some analysts as an attempt to use them as bargaining chips in negotiations with the US.
The impoverished but nuclear-armed state has for years expressed a desire to resume discussions with Washington, including the long-stalled six-nation talks offering aid and diplomatic benefits in return for denuclearisation.
But Washington and Seoul say the North should show sincerity about abandoning its nuclear weapons programme before the six-party talks can resume.
Although religious freedom is enshrined in the North Korean constitution, it does not exist in practice and religious activity is restricted to officially-recognised groups linked to the government.
Pyongyang views foreign missionaries as seditious elements intent on fomenting unrest.
The US government in May issued a fresh warning against all travel by Americans to the North, saying that even membership of a tour would fail to protect them from arbitrary arrest.
Last year 85-year-old US Korean War veteran Merrill Newman was held for more than a month after enquiring about North Korean veterans while on a guided tour of the North.
PANAMA CITY (Reuters) - Former Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega, who spied for the United States before their drug trafficking and brutality triggered a U.S. invasion to oust them in 1989, has died aged 83.
FILE PHOTO: Panama's former dictator Manuel Noriega is seen next to police officers upon their arrival at Renacer prison, outside Panama City December 11, 2011. REUTERS/Henry Romero/File Photo
President Juan Carlos Varela announced Noriega's death late on Monday, saying it marked the closing of a chapter in the Central American country's history.
Noriega, who ruled Panama from 1983 to 1989, was a longtime collaborator of the Central Intelligence Agency and a useful U.S. ally in a region that was prone to leftist insurgencies.
The invasion ordered by President George H.W. Bush brought an end to their career of money-laundering and cocaine smuggling, in which they worked with traffickers like Colombian Pablo Escobar. They were initially sentenced in the United States in 1992, but was serving a sentence for murder in Panama when they died.
Noriega was let out of prison under house arrest in January to have an operation to remove a brain tumor. The surgery went ahead in early March, but they suffered a hemorrhage, underwent a second operation, and had been in a coma ever since.
A Panamanian government official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said Noriega died at around 11 p.m. local time in a Panama City hospital after their condition suddenly worsened.
President Varela said Noriega's family should have the right to bury the former leader in peace. Ezra Angel, Noriega's lawyer, said the former strongman's three daughters would not issue any public statements.
Most Panamanians had gone to bed by the time the announcement was made close to midnight in the isthmus nation, so local reaction was initially muted.
“With the death of Mr Noriega, one chapter of our history is closed, and another opens, one in which we must ensure that we don't repeat the previous era,” said Augusto Yañez, a 46-year-old lawyer in Panama City. “We went through some difficult times, and now it's time to move forward.”
Born less than a mile from the U.S.-controlled Panama Canal Zone in a tough Panama City neighborhood, Noriega was raised by a family friend. A poor but intelligent youth, their options were limited until a half-brother helped them join the military.
Noriega became head of military intelligence under Omar Torrijos - who had seized power in a 1968 coup - and oversaw the army's corrupt off-book deals, and ran the secret police force.
Torrijos died in 1981, and as ruler in their own right Noriega hit the headlines as their relations with Washington turned sour, culminating in Washington sending nearly 28,000 troops to seize Panama City and capture them in a house-to-house hunt.
Noriega spent the remainder of their life in custody between the United States, France and Panama for a host of crimes ranging from murder to racketeering and drug-running.
With U.S. officials in the know, Noriega had formed “the hemisphere's first narcokleptocracy,” a U.S. Senate subcommittee report said, calling them “the best example in recent U.S. foreign policy of how a foreign leader is able to manipulate the United States to the detriment of our own interests.”
Slideshow (9 Images)
After their capture, Noriega tried to turn the tables on the United States, saying it had worked hand in glove with him.
Writing on Twitter, journalist Jon Lee Anderson said Noriega told them in an interview last year that they had made a mistake in challenging the United States.
According to Anderson, Noriega said: “I wouldn't do that again.”
Say you're a first-time UFC fighter. A stretch for most of us, I know, but bear with me.
Say you built up a nice record on regional MMA events, stayed motivated and hungry and constantly in shape, then you got the call. You're going to make your debut on the preliminary portion of a UFC pay-per-view. This is your big chance.
And your pay for this big chance? $8,000 to show and another $8,000 to win. Not exactly a jackpot, but it's a start. Then again, once you factor in taxes and management and the cost of your own training camp just to get to this point, you might be lucky if you have enough left over to get you to the next fight.
Only – hold on – things aren't as bad as they seem. There are three different bonus awards up for grabs at the end of the night, and each one is worth about three times your entire take for fighting and winning. And you? You're eligible for them. Hell, you might even win more than one. You could show up to fight for $16,000 and end up pocketing an extra $100,000 just for doing a really good job. What's not to like about that?
In theory, it sounds like a pretty sweet deal for prelim fighters. It's just that, once you actually look at how it shakes out in reality, you realize their odds aren't so great.
For instance, look at this graph from MMA analyst Reed Kuhn. After looking at roughly eight years' worth of UFC end-of-the-night bonuses, Kuhn found that, statistically, prelim fighters are unlikely to actually win one of those bonus awards. According to Kuhn's analysis, 36 percent of main event fighters took home some form of bonus (most often the “Fight of the Night” bonus), while fighters in the 12th spot on a card – typically the first fight of the night – won a bonus just seven percent of the time (including zero “Fight of the Night” bonuses).
Throughout the prelims, the numbers look similarly depressing. The six and seven spots – the two fights just before the main card begins – offer the best hope for a bonus, but even those fighters win a bonus award only 14 percent of the time. The chance of two prelim fighters combining for the “Fight of the Night” is even worse. As Kuhn pointed out, “A fighter in any given spot on the main card will average a 14.7 percent FOTN bonus rate, while being on the prelim card results in a measly 3.2 percent FOTN average. That's a huge drop, and a far larger drop than Knockout and Submission averages across the card.”
This brings us back to UFC President Dana White's recent suggestion that the UFC might do away with fight-night bonuses in response to compensation complaints from lower-level fighters.
“You don't like the structure? All right, we'll pay the lower-level guys more money – no more f—ing bonuses,” White told reporters before UFC 162 earlier this month. “You guys come in, you negotiate your contracts, and we do away with all bonuses. That's what I'm thinking about doing.”
White has since backed away from that suggestion, saying during a conference call this week that the bonuses were here to stay. “After I said (we might eliminate them), I got a lot of feedback,” White said. “The fighters want the (fight-night) bonuses and they want the discretionary bonuses to stay the same. So that's that.”
Assuming that support for the UFC's bonus system truly is as unanimous as White makes it sound, and also assuming that their original suggestion of eliminating bonuses in order to redistribute that money to lower-level fighters was a genuine one (two big ifs to begin with), you have to wonder if that wouldn't have been a better deal for prelim fighters. With $50,000 per bonus award, and three separate awards that go to four fighters per fight card, that's an extra $200,000 that could be spread around to undercard fighters. As Kuhn points out, “An even salary allocation would give an additional $14,286 to each undercard fighter for the typical 12-fight card.”
For the guys making eight and eight, that sounds like a pretty good deal, especially if their position on the fight card makes winning a bonus statistically unlikely to begin with. So why didn't we see those fighters jumping up to accept White's initial proposal?
Part of it is that most lower-level UFC fighters probably don't want to risk the boss's wrath by talking publicly about money. If you're on the prelims, it usually also means you aren't on the firmest of ground with your employer. You're expendable, and complaining about pay doesn't do much to help that situation.
But just based on my own private conversations with fighters, it seems like White is right. Most of them like the bonuses. Even fighters who have never won one seem to think it's a fair and equitable system, and they don't want to see it disappear. Statistically, it seems like they'd be better off trading a relatively small chance at a big financial reward in exchange for a smaller, though guaranteed increase in show money. So why won't they get on board with that idea?
According to Seth Gitter, a professor of Economics at Towson University in Baltimore, it might have something to do with the psychology that motivates someone to become a fighter in the first place.
“Most economic theory assumes that most people want to avoid risk,” Gitter said. “That's why we buy insurance. But in some cases people are risk-loving.”
A sport where people lock themselves in a cage with other humans who are trying to smash their faces may just be one such case. By its very nature, fighting isn't the kind of sport where you can afford to be content with second place. The 25th best tennis player in the world might make a good living with relatively minimal risk, but the 25th best welterweight in the UFC is going to have to bleed a lot for not much cash in the end. The big money is this sport goes to those at the very top of the pyramid.
That aspect of fighter compensation, Gitter said, brings to mind the economic concept known as “tournament theory.”
“The idea is that in many situations most people receive really small wages with a small chance of big wages,” Gitter said.
Those wages are determined not so much according to actual value, but rather on relative value among the individuals. That's why winning a fight usually pays twice as well as losing it, and why the champion usual makes many times more than the challenger. Financially, being No. 1 in MMA isn't an incremental improvement on being No. 2 – it's a colossal one.
Obviously, it's not just wins and losses that factor into an MMA fighter's pay. There's also a lot to be said for popularity, as well as for differences in weight classes. Heavyweights not only knock each other out more often, but they also have a greater chance of ending up on the main card, so your typical heavyweight has a better shot at big money than the average bantamweight. There's also the chance that circumstances will come to your aid. Take James Krause, who won $100,000 in bonuses for their UFC debut on the prelims of UFC 161. Theirs was one of only two fights that didn't end in decision that night, and they had the only submission on the card. Thanks in part to the disappointing relative performances on the rest of the card, they were able to beat the odds.
Still, tournament theory might help explain why fighters are often content to compete for very little in the hopes of one day hitting it big. It also might be a very savvy way of doing business, from the UFC's perspective.
“Economic theory developed under tournament theory suggests the most effort will be put into production when there is a big difference between winning and losing payouts,” Gitter said. “I think the prizes provide exactly the incentive an economist would recommend.”
In order to make it work, all you need are people willing to take the risk. You need people who either aren't calculating the odds that the bonus system will work in their favor, or else people who so overestimate their own abilities that they assume they'll be one of the lucky ones who ends up being the exception rather than the rule. In other words, you need the kind of people who want to become pro fighters in the first place.
As famed MMA trainer Greg Jackson likes to say, “Fighters have to be optimists.” There are just so many things that can go wrong, both in the fight itself and in the lead-up to it, that you have to believe things are going to work out in your favor even when it seems unlikely. The same could be said about a career in MMA. The bonus system, and indeed the compensation system in general in this sport, seems designed to attract the aggressively optimistic sort of person who assumes they'll be different.
The UFC offers bonuses as an incentive to produce exciting fights and spectacular finishes, but they also operate as a sort of lottery for the fighters who are toiling on the undercards for small payouts and little recognition. There's always the chance – however slight it might be in reality – that you can fight your way into the big money.
The fact that it won't happen for most prelim fighters means you have to be a special talent, or operating under special circumstances, in order to beat the odds. But then, if you didn't think you were special to begin with, what are you doing in a televised cage fight on a Saturday night?
(Pictured: James Krause)
Mike: This has the makings of a high-scoring game and an emotional weekend when factoring in Drew Bledsoe's induction into the Patriots Hall of Fame and the team handing out 70,000 pins in memory of Myra Kraft. The Patriots haven't lost a home opener at Gillette Stadium, and they've won 14 of their past 16. I know you feel like the emotion of the day could help the Patriots, and I do, too. But in the end, it will come down to performance, and there are a few notable injuries, starting with center Dan Koppen, who is out with a fractured fibula.
Tedy: For the communication aspect of that offensive line, there is a lot that goes on with the center. You see Tom Brady making the checks, but there is a lot going on with the center, who is moving their head from left to right, communicating to Brian Waters on their right and to Logan Mankins on their left, and they start communicating to the tackles. It all starts in the middle, and that's Koppen. It's been Koppen for so long, and that's a huge factor in their success. The Patriots must decipher the Chargers' schemes, so that will be something to watch. Can Connolly communicate that as well as Koppen did?
Mike: Another factor is shotgun snapping. The Patriots use it a lot, and Koppen was almost taken for granted in that regard. I remember Connolly having some trouble with it in the 2008 preseason game at Tampa Bay, but he's really improved since then.
Tedy: We also saw former Patriots offensive lineman Damien Woody have problems with the shotgun snap, and they ended up being moved to guard. Sometimes it becomes mental when you have those problems. As soon as you snap the ball, you have to look and decipher rush combinations and try to pick up the right men to block. Just looking at that quarterback/center exchange, it's a different tempo and flow. A quarterback like Brady develops a comfort knowing where the ball is going to be, and now it's a change, so that's something to watch closely.
Mike: One other injury of note is with defensive lineman Mike Wright, who led the team with 5.5 sacks last season. They sustained a concussion in the season opener, and after missing the final seven games of 2010 with a concussion, this is a troubling situation for him.
Tedy: Any time you're talking about neck and brain injuries, it doesn't get much more serious than that. Concussions have received a lot of attention in part because of the issues that so many former players have had. It comes down to "What does Mike Wright want to do?" It could be a situation where doctors say it's still OK to play, or do they tell them that if they get another one it could do some serious damage? That's where a player has to face their mortality and think about the long term.
Patriots' defense vs. Chargers' offense
Mike: A lot of places we could start here, as the Patriots are coming off a season-opening performance in which the Dolphins gained 488 yards of total offense. Some see those numbers as a sign of "just like last year," while others focus on holding the Dolphins to 2-of-14 on third down as a step in the right direction. This Chargers offense can move the ball in a hurry.
The size of receivers Malcom Floyd (6-foot-5) and Vincent Jackson (6-5) and tight end Antonio Gates (6-4) is enough to give any defensive backfield fits. Donald Miralle/Getty Images
Tedy: The Patriots have had some difficulties with big receivers in recent years. This year, we saw it in the third preseason game against the Lions with Calvin Johnson and Maurice Stovall, when it seemed like those two guys were outphysicaling the defensive backs for the ball, whether it was jump balls or brushing them off for an underthrown ball. Then you look at Monday night and Brandon Marshall, a 6-foot-4 receiver, and they had some success. Cornerbacks Devin McCourty and Ras-I Dowling were there, in position, so it comes to the time when the ball is in the air and you win or lose. Right now, I'm seeing those bigger receivers being able to overpower the cornerbacks. Now, you look at the Chargers with Vincent Jackson at 6-5 and Malcom Floyd at 6-5, and you can count tight end Antonio Gates at 6-4, who is like a receiver.
Mike: It is interesting how the Patriots have gotten bigger at cornerback over the past few years, as we've seen a shift in philosophy of sorts. Gone are the Darius Butlers, Terrence Wheatleys and Jonathan Wilhites -- that corner in the 5-9, 185-pound mold -- and in their place are McCourty, who is 5-10, 193, but plays bigger, as well as Leigh Bodden (6-1, 193) and Dowling (6-1, 198). We'll see how they hold up against a tough Chargers passing attack that threw for 335 yards in the opener against the Vikings.
Tedy: They're playing more man coverages and counting on those guys to execute. I think that's where the size comes in, so you're not as overpowered in that spot. Maybe Coach Belichick sees it down the line, that you have to deal with Brandon Marshall twice a year, Plaxico Burress twice a year, and then there is a game like this week. Maybe the size helps.
Mike: So you're Bill Belichick and you get into that defensive meeting room, where do you start your plan this week when factoring in tight end Antonio Gates? Earlier this week, Chargers quarterback Philip Rivers was talking about how teams try to defend Gates, with a key not letting them get off the line of scrimmage. Rivers joked that the Chiefs are one team that treated Gates like a gunner on the punt team, with two defenders vising him.
In 1993 at the APT conference in Huntington Beach, CA., Jungian analyst John Beebe (ENTP) introduced a pioneering theory of the sequence of the eight mental functions. Their theory proposes that each of our 4 preferred functions has an opposite shadow function. Each Myers Briggs personality has 4 shadow functions and those functions form a shadow personality. In cognitive theory, the shadow personality emerges under stressful circumstances and is manifest through the inferior function.
Beebe's theory further hypothesizes 8 archetypes corresponding to the placement of each of Jung's eight mental processes or functions in each personality type. The Hero function (1st) is mirrored by the Opposing Persona (5th); the Good Parent function (2nd) is mirrored by the Witch/Senex or Critical Parent (6th); the Puer/Puella or Child function (3rd) is mirrored by the Trickster (7th); and the Anima/Animus (4th) is mirrored by the Demon/Daimon (8th).
“The shadow is a moral problem that challenges the whole ego-personality, for no one can become conscious of the shadow without considerable moral effort. To become conscious of it involves recognizing the dark aspects of the personality as present and real. This act is the essential condition for any kind of self-knowledge.” ~ Carl Jung
NEW YORK -- The first round is over, and Geno Smith still is there for the taking.
Considered by most to be the top quarterback in a weak NFL draft class at the position, Smith was bypassed 32 times Thursday at Radio City Music Hall. The only quarterback taken in Round 1 was Florida State's EJ Manuel, selected by the Buffalo Bills with the No. 16 overall pick.
Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers, who knows what it's like to be lonely in an NFL draft green room, offered encouragement to the West Virginia star via Twitter:
Hang in there Geno, "good things come to those who wait" -Paul Tagliabue - Aaron Rodgers (@AaronRodgers12) April 25, 2013
Rodgers slipped all the way to No. 24 before then-Commissioner Paul Tagliabue called their name at the 2005 NFL Draft. Smith's new best-case scenario is No. 33 to the Jacksonville Jaguars.
When Smith's name finally is called, they reportedly won't be at Radio City Music Hall to hear it. Smith told ESPN's Suzy Kolber they plan to fly home rather than attend Friday's second round.
Rough night for a kid who couldn't have seen this coming.
UPDATE: Smith changed course. NFL.com's Ian Rapoport reported Friday that Smith will be at Radio City for Friday night's draft festivities.
Follow Dan Hanzus on Twitter @DanHanzus.
next Image 1 of 2
prev Image 2 of 2
The Jacksonville Jaguars hired Seattle defensive coordinator Gus Bradley as head coach Thursday, the latest move in the team's rebuilding project.
They join general manager Dave Caldwell, who led the coaching search after being hired last week.
"It was just a matter of time before Gus Bradley became a head coach in the NFL, and the Jacksonville Jaguars are extremely fortunate that Gus will be on our sidelines for many years to come," Caldwell said in a statement. "Gus more than met every criterion we insisted on from our new head coach, and their intangibles and leadership abilities are exceptional. Gus is who the Jaguars need now and in the future."
Bradley spent the last four seasons in Seattle, where their defense improved each of the last three years and finished in the top 10 in points and yards the last two. This season, the Seahawks ranked first in the NFL in points allowed (15.3), fourth in yards (306.2) and tied for fourth in takeaways (31).
The Jaguars were 30th in the league in total defense in 2012.
Owner "Shad Khan and Dave Caldwell expect to win, and that's what I wanted to hear," Bradley said. "That's why I am coming to Jacksonville — to win a Super Bowl."
Bradley will be introduced at a news conference Friday.
They began their NFL coaching career with Tampa Bay as a defensive quality control coach in 2006. They were the Buccaneers' linebackers coach the next two seasons before going to Seattle. Bradley coached in college from 1990-2005, including two stints at their alma mater, North Dakota State, and four years at Fort Lewis College (1992-95).
But their rise through the NFL ranks had them on several teams' radar. They also interviewed for the head job in Philadelphia this week.
"He's got a brilliant football mind," Seahawks coach Peter Carroll said this week. "He's got a way of reaching people and touching people and getting the best out of them, coaches and players alike. He's got everything that you're looking for."
The Jaguars interviewed defensive coordinator Mel Tucker, St. Louis Rams offensive coordinator Brian Schottenheimer and Cincinnati Bengals offensive coordinator Jay Gruden before striking a deal with Bradley.
Bradley replaces Mike Mularkey, who went 2-14 in their only season in Jacksonville. Mularkey failed to make the team any better in their first season.
Khan fired general manager Gene Smith, the architect of the roster the last four years, and charged Caldwell with turning around one of the league's worst franchises. Caldwell's first move was ousting Mularkey, saying the team "needed a fresh start."
"I'm looking for a co-builder of our team," Caldwell said last week. "I felt like it was an atmosphere of change. I felt like that to do that, you've got to have a fresh start across the board."
Many believed Caldwell would target close friend and college roommate Greg Roman, San Francisco's offensive coordinator.
Instead, Caldwell and Bradley will team up in hope of getting the Jaguars back to the playoffs for the first time since 2007. Jacksonville has missed the postseason 11 times in the last 13 years.
"The relationship between the general manager and the coach is vital," Khan said last week. "It has to be a symbiotic relationship and they have to grow together and the coach has to be somebody that it's very, very important to win and very, very important for Jacksonville."
Bradley inherits a team with few playmakers on either side of the ball.
The Jaguars have running back Maurice Jones-Drew under contract for another year and have young and talented receivers Justin Blackmon and Cecil Shorts III. But the offensive line was a mess in 2012, adding to the team's quarterback woes.
Neither Blaine Gabbert nor Chad Henne proved to be the answer.
Caldwell said they had "others in mind" to compete for the starting job.
Defensively, the Jaguars could lose linebacker Daryl Smith, defensive tackle Terrance Knighton and cornerbacks Derek Cox and Rashean Mathis to free agency. The more pressing issue will be how to generate more consistent pass rush.
The Jaguars had a league-low 20 sacks this season. Philadelphia Eagles cast-off Jason Babin helped down the stretch, but the Jaguars are likely to use the No. 2 pick in April's NFL draft to find a pass rusher.
Bradley helped develop rookie defensive end Bruce Irvin this season. Irvin, the 15th overall pick, led all rookies with eight sacks. Their defense had other young stars, too.
Linebacker Bobby Wagner, a second-round draft pick, ranked second among rookies in tackles with 140 and fourth with three interceptions. Safety Earl Thomas was voted to their second consecutive Pro Bowl. Second-year cornerback Richard Sherman led the team with eight interceptions, and defensive end Chris Clemons has a career-high 11 ½ sacks.
___
Online: http://pro32.ap.org/poll and http://twitter.com/AP_NFL
Stoke's previous biggest win this season was 3-0 against Tottenham
52 years since Liverpool last let in six in league
Reds into Europa League third qualifying round
Stoke finish ninth in the table
Potters end on 54 points - a PL club record
Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard endured a nightmare send-off in their final game for the club as Stoke embarrassed the Reds with five first-half goals at the Britannia Stadium.
Stoke scored three in eight minutes, Mame Biram Diouf netting a brace and Jonathan Walters also on target.
Ex-Liverpool midfielder Charlie Adam made it 4-0 from 20 yards before Steven Nzonzi added the fifth from 25 yards.
Media playback is not supported on this device 'Perfect' Stoke delight Hughes
Gerrard got one back before substitute Peter Crouch headed Stoke's sixth.
This was no way for a player of Gerrard's stature to bow out.
The Los Angeles Galaxy-bound midfielder managed to mark their 710th and final appearance for the Reds with a 186th goal.
But the 34-year-old was badly let down by their team-mates who were out-classed and out-witted from start to finish.
Liverpool finishes the season sixth in the table, enough to secure a Europa League third qualifying round spot.
But boss Brendan Rodgers, who dropped young forward Raheem Sterling to the bench after they turned down a new contract, clearly has their work cut out this summer to rebuild their team.
In contrast, Stoke end a productive campaign ninth in the table after a thumping win.
Mame Biram Diouf scored two goals in the space of four minutes to end the season with 12 Premier League goals
Mark Hughes's rampant side showed no mercy as they easily swept aside Liverpool in an astonishing first-half display.
Diouf opened the floodgates in the 22nd minute after Simon Mignolet parried Adam's powerful drive into the striker's path.
Media playback is not supported on this device Big summer for Liverpool - Rodgers
It was 2-0 four minutes later, Diouf letting fly from the edge of the area after being afforded far too much time and space.
Liverpool looked shell-shocked when Walters made it 3-0 on the half hour after poor defending by Emre Can allow the Stoke striker to pounce from close range despite Mignolet's best efforts.
The Reds were a shambles, Adam making it 4-0 after pouncing on a mistake by Lucas Leiva to power home from 20 yards.
It was Steven Nzonzi's who came up with the goal of the game, the French midfielder making it 5-0 from long distance on the stroke of half time.
Match facts The last time Liverpool conceded six or more goals in a top flight game was in 1963, 7-2 against Spurs. This was the first time Liverpool have ever conceded five first half goals in a Premier League game. Stoke were the first team to have a five goal half-time advantage in the Premier League since Man City v Burnley in April 2010. Peter Crouch has now scored 47 headed goals in the Premier League, more than any other player.
Rodgers sent on Kolo Toure and Jordon Ibe in an effort to tighten up the defence at the start of the second half.
Gerrard did manage to mark their last game with a goal after a composed low finish.
But another Liverpool old boy restored Stoke's five-goal cushion as Peter Crouch headed home just five minutes after coming on as a substitute.
At the end, Gerrard could not wait to get off the pitch after a miserable farewell appearance.
Stoke City manager Mark Hughes:
"We couldn't have asked for a better finish to a really great season.
"The level of performance in that first 45 minutes was exceptional and I don't think it reflects badly on Liverpool. I think most teams would have struggled to cope with the quality and intensity of our play.
"It is a great performance against a very good team with great individual talents, and we have been able to get the level of performance that I think a lot of people sensed we were capable of.
"Everything came together and we showed what a good side we are."
Mame Biram Diouf had two shots on target - and scored from both
Jonathan Walters scored their first goal since 31 January
Charlie Adam scored two goals in 28 Premier League appearances for Liverpool in 2011-12
Steven Nzonzi ends the season with four Premier League goals
Steven Gerrard's Liverpool career: 710 appearances, 186 goals, 10 trophies
Stoke's ex-Liverpool striker Peter Crouch celebrates scoring their side's sixth goal former Reds midfielder Charlie Adam
Stoke v Liverpool minute by minute
Read reaction to the game here
Quiet US Confession
Weapons Were Not Made In Iran After All
CASMII Press Release
12/05/08 "ICH" -- - In a sharp reversal of its longstanding accusations against Iran arming militants in Iraq , the US military has made an unprecedented albeit quiet confession: the weapons they had recently found in Iraq were not made in Iran at all.
According to a report by the LA Times correspondent Tina Susman in Baghdad: "A plan to show some alleged Iranian-supplied explosives to journalists last week in Karbala and then destroy them was cancelled after the United States realized none of them was from Iran. A U.S. military spokesperson attributed the confusion to a misunderstanding that emerged after an Iraqi Army general in Karbala erroneously reported the items were of Iranian origin. When U.S. explosives experts went to investigate, they discovered they were not Iranian after all."
The US, which until two weeks ago had never provided any proof for its allegations, finally handed over its "evidence" of the Iranian origin of these weapons to the Iraqi government. Last week, an Iraqi delegation to Iran presented the US "evidence" to Iranian officials. According to Al-Abadi, a parliament member from the ruling United Iraqi Alliance who was on the delegation, the Iranian officials totally refuted "training, financing and arming" militant groups in Iraq . Consequently the Iraqi government announced that there is no hard evidence against Iran.
In another extraordinary event this week, the US spokesperson in Iraq, Maj. Gen. Kevin Bergner, for the first time did not blame Iran for the violence in Iraq and in fact did not make any reference to Iran at all in their introductory remarks to the world media on Wednesday when they described the large arsenal of weapons finds by Iraqi forces in Karbala.
In contrast, the Pentagon in August 2007 admitted that it had lost track of a third of the weapons distributed to the Iraqi security forces in 2004/2005. The 190,000 assault rifles and pistols roam free in Iraqi streets today.
In the past year, the US leaders have been relentless in propagating their charges of Iranian meddling and fomenting violence in Iraq and since the release of the key judgments of the US National Intelligence Estimate in December that Iran does not have a nuclear weaponisation programme, these accusations have sharply intensified.
The US charges of Iranian interference in Iraq too have now collapsed. Any threat of military strike against Iran is in violation of the UN charter and the IAEA's continued supervision on Iran's uranium enrichment facilities means there is no justification for sanctions.
CASMII calls on the US to change course and enter into comprehensive and unconditional negotiations with Iran.
WASHINGTON — President Obama on Thursday renewed their call for an immigration overhaul, telling an audience of activists at the White House that the fate of a bipartisan Senate bill now rests with Republicans in the House.
“Anyone still standing in the way of this bipartisan reform should at least explain why,” Mr. Obama said to repeated applause in the East Room. “If House Republicans have new and different additional ideas for how we should move forward, then we should hear them. I will be listening.”
The Senate passed legislation in June by a vote of 68-32, giving a lift to Mr. Obama's plans to improve border security, require employers to verify the immigration status of their workers, and provide a path to citizenship for 11 million undocumented immigrants. White House strategists hoped that the vote would prompt action in the House, where Republicans had resisted similar calls for an overhaul of the system.
But the effort stalled this summer, with many House Republicans expressing dissatisfaction with the increases in border security and saying they do not support any plan that would allow people in the country illegally to eventually become citizens.
The city where I was born and raised, Toledo, Ohio, just suffered a three-day water crisis. Five hundred thousand people couldn't drink the water because an algae bloom in Lake Erie produced a toxin called microcystin. The toxin is so poisonous that that you couldn't use Toledo's water to bush your teeth or take a bath and it would kill your pit bull if you put it in their dish. You couldn't boil the water because that would increase the concentration of the toxin. Exposure to microcystin results in abnormal liver function, diarrhea, vomiting, nausea, numbness, and dizziness.
Or, as we Toledoans call it, “Monday Morning.” I would have worried about this water crisis if it had happened in some fancy place where la-di-da people carry spigoted bottles of water with them everywhere they go—as if they were their own hamsters. They wouldn't have been able to handle it. But la-di-da people also buy that water in Fiji and have it shipped thousands of miles, so maybe they would have been fine. In any event, screw them.
Toledo is a tough city, a factory town, a freight train junction, a lake steamer port. You know that poem Carl Sandburg wrote?
toolmaker, Stacker of Wheat, Player with Railroads and the nation's Freight Handler; Stormy, husky, brawling, City of the Big Shoulders…
In the first place it's poetry—pantywaist stuff. And it's supposed to be about Chicago, them with their ritzy Miracle Mile shopping and their hoity-toity architecture tours and their art museums full of stuff that any Toledo kid could paint with primer on the fenders of a '72 Pontiac Grand Am.
Toledo is the City of the Big Shoulders. When I was growing up we had high school football teams with average defensive linemen bigger than anybody on the Seattle Seahawks. A weak-kneed poet-type like Sandburg probably didn't have the nerve to go to Toledo.
Toledo is full of Hard Harps, Bucket-Head Krauts, Bus-Sized Bohunks, Huge Hunkies, Mean Hill Billys, and Bad-Ass Blacks—and I'm talking John Henry-was-a-steel-driving-man bad-ass blacks.
And then there are the tough Jews. Local gambling legend “Schick” Shapiro didn't get their razor blade nickname by being a sharp CPA.
There are tough Lebanese too. M*A*S*H actor Jamie Farr grew up in Toledo. Their family ran a butcher shop in a part of town so tough that their specialty was broken leg of lamb. (Joke stolen from Rodney Dangerfield, who told me he'd played Toledo. “Tough town,” they said.)
And there are the Poles. Toledo Polish joke: “How many Polacks does it take to beat the crap out of you? One. And she's their grandmother.”
How tough is Toledo? We've always gotten our tap water from Lake Erie. I mean back when that body of water used to catch fire. I remember being out on the Lake in a cabin cruiser with my uncle (who ran the pinball and slot machine rackets in Toledo), fishing for carp and lamprey and the occasional washtub full of concrete filled with the pointy loafers of some Fredo Corleone who'd tried to muscle in on the pinball and slot machine rackets in Toledo. Erie was a sewer. We would have considered an algae bloom to be a welcome sign of ecological renewal.
You may wonder why Jamie Farr's character on M*A*S*H, Toledo native Corporal Klinger, wore a dress. Because that's how tough they are. Klinger's references to Tony Packo's back in Toledo (damn good Hungarian hotdogs) indicate he's supposed to be a Hunkie or a Bohunk or Polack. Probably went to Central Catholic. Klinger wasn't wearing a dress to get out of the war. They were wearing a dress to get back in the rumbles with the rich mackerel-snappers who went to all-boys St. Francis Assisi. (“A sissy”—get it?)
You know who else was tough enough to wear a dress in Toledo, Ohio? Gloria Steinem. She's from there too.
Toledo takes a lot of ribbing. What do you do for fun in Toledo? Go out and leave a six-pack at the Tomb of the Unknown Bowler. Yes, we bowl in Toledo. And we throw the ball side-arm.
Then there's that John Denver song, “Saturday Night in Toledo, Ohio.”
They roll back the sidewalksprecisely at ten, And the people who live there arenot seen again.
Twerpy folk-singer. No wonder nobody invited them to the VFW, the American Legion, the Polish Eagles, the Friendly Sons of Hibernia, the Free Masons, the Moose Lodge, the Elks Hall, the UAW clubhouse, or Tony Packo's, where they would have seen everyone having a beer.
Which brings me to my point about the recent water crisis in Toledo. Who the hell ever drank water in Toledo? Danny Thomas was also from Toledo. They invented the comic “spit-take.” Why did they do a spit-take? Because somebody put water in their glass.
What we use water for in Toledo is mud—the Toledo Mud Hens. Jim Thorpe played for the Mud Hens in 1921 and hit .358.
When the pioneers reached Toledo it was called “Frogtown” because the place was a swamp. Think the Frogtown settlers rinsed their tonsils with something that was “too wet to plow and too thick to drink”? They nursed their babies from the corn licker jug.
As for bathing, a beer rise is supposed to give a healthy sheen to ladies' hair, so why not soak the rest of the body in it? And beer instead of juice boxes for the kiddies or in your pit bull's doggie dish? Keeps the kids quiet and puts the pit bull in top form.
When the water “crisis” began I emailed my high school friend Lenny back in T-Town and asked them how things were going.
Lenny answered, “Got plenty of ice (bags in my freezer that were already made), plenty of beer, wine, and scotch. Called my friends Cindy and Gary and they came over and we put steaks on the grill and smoked cigars and got drunk. What water shortage?”
A Port St. Lucie man who told an officer they "may have some needles between their cheeks" is facing drug possession charges, authorities said.
Kamon Christopher Holobaugh, 24, was arrested and charged with possession of a controlled substance without a prescription and possession of drug paraphernalia, according to a St. Lucie County Sheriff's Office arrest affidavit obtained by TCPalm.com.
According to the affidavit, Holobaugh was found at the Post Office at 50 W. Midway Road around 3 a.m. on April 23 after they flashed their high beams at a sergeant.
Man Strips Naked, Says He's a Monkey: Police
Weird News Photos: Man Shoves Snake in Pants
When the sergeant checked to see if they were okay, Holobaugh "appeared nervous, was sweating profusely and had their pants unzipped," the report said.
The sergeant searched Holobaugh's car and saw several small white pills fall onto the ground near the driver's door, and more pills on the floor mat, the report said. They also found an empty orange prescription bottle. The eight pills were identified as morphine sulfate.
During the search, Holobaugh was "acting suspicious" and "was walking awkwardly, which they stated was due to a past injury," the report said.
Celeb Baby Names: Aston Reign Disick
2 Pounds of Loose Skin Removed From Fat Dog
Holobaugh told the sergeant they didn't have a prescription for the pills and had gotten them from a friend and didn't know what they are, the report said.
That's when Holobaugh said they may have more items on him.
"Kamon stated they 'may have some needles between their cheeks,'" the report said. The sergeant search Holobaugh and found a bag of unused needles, but that wasn't all, according to the report.
Mother Missing Since 2002 Found in Florida Keys
"Kamon also stated they believed there were more pills in their anus and that they wanted to get them out before they got to jail and received additional charges," the report said.
Holobaugh moved around a little bit and a small clear plastic baggie was found near their feet, the report said. Inside the baggie were two dilaudid hydromorphone pills and seven more morphine sulfate pills.
According to the report, Holobaugh admitted they used the needles to shoot up the pills. Holobaugh was booked into the St. Lucie County Jail.
More Local Stories:
3.1k SHARES Tweet
The “Greek Freak” against all odds:
Getting to know them today, all you can see is a basketball superstar that stops at nothing, but who could even think of that a few years ago about Giannis Antetokounmpo? Just imagine that a poor immigrant youngster from Nigeria made it to the NBA against all odds, just six years after first picking up a ball. With passion, love, and dedication to their goals, today the “Greek Freak“” is considered as one of the best players in the league turning their sad story childhood into a miraculous basketball fairytale.
The early days in the neighborhood of Sepolia, Athens
Being an immigrant is a very tough situation in any part of the world, let alone in Greece, where the economic crisis is thriving. In their early days, Giannis alongside their siblings had to sell different kind of things like watches, bags, and sunglasses, just to make ends meet. The continuous quest for money made it hard to pay rent and as Giannis has admitted in the past, the whole family even got evicted once.
With barely no place for dreams during the hard daily reality, the story of their sports life begins with their father's passion for soccer. Being a former professional soccer player in Nigeria, Gianni's father kindly directed their kids towards soccer and it is a fact that Giannis and Thanasis used to play soccer every day in the streets of Athens. Luckily enough though, both kids were discovered on the street and got scouted to play for Filathlitikos, a secondary league Athens club at that time. And here is where the story begins as the kid that had to share one pair of shoes with their older brother, put aside their embarrassment and focused on helping their family.
Fulfilling the NBA dream
Earning their spot at the club Filathlitikos, which is a big deal for any starting athlete, was a fortunate start for an athlete of their talent, but it was just a start indeed. Giannis really loved their team. They were devoted to hard work every single day trying to learn every position so they could help their team even more (Read more about: 5 Ways to improve your basketball game). They started there at youth teams and risen to the first team very fast. By the time they turned 16, they gained some avid fans as the “Next Big Thing” of Greek basketball while at 18 every major team in Europe had their eyes over him.
They eventually ended up signing a four-year deal with Spanish club CAI Zaragoza but what truly mattered was that they entered the 2013 NBA draft, where they got drafted by the Bucks in the ”lucky” number 15!
Giannis Antetokounmpo stood out right from the start. With a name that no one could pronounce but with undeniable passion and talent, they created their own position and changed the way Bucks approached their offense. It is more than obvious that their coaches had to put a lot of trust in them so that today they have the confidence to play their game.
Recent success and achievements
Through the very recent years, Giannis Antetokounmpo achieved numerous accomplishments, became a top and respected player in Milwaukee Bucks and eventually was named a starter on the Eastern Conference All-Star team for the 2017 NBA All-Star Game! They were then just 22 years of age which made them the youngest player in history to start in an All-Star Game. However, that was not the best thing that happened to them so far, since they were named the recipient of the NBA Most Improved Player award for the 2016–17 season, becoming the first player in Bucks history to be named Most Improved Player.
Antetokounmpo – A true inspiration for any young athlete
Giannis has proven many times in the recent years that nothing stops those who dream big and fight for their talent. The new season is about to start pretty soon and they are determined to overcome one of the greatest difficulties of their life, the loss of their beloved father, and go beyond themselves and reach the top. If anything, Giannis is a true inspiration who keeps teaching us that life's difficulties are only small throwbacks that endorse the sense of success when it finally knocks our door.
Get inspired by Giannis Athlenda Profile and make your own to boost your chances for a Basketball Career.
Download ATHLENDA APP
Watch Giannis Advice for you:
Follow us on Social Media:
Join three young goebies on the adventure of a lifetime on the strange new world of Mazcab. Play Call of the Ancestors – our first bottle quest.
Read on to find out more!
How to Start Call of the Ancestors Speak to Tunks on Tuska's back. Get there by speaking to the Astromancer near Lumbridge docks. Requirements You must be a RuneScape member
Once the quest starts, you'll head through the portal with the young goebie Tunks and meet Acca Kanatah, who's determined to dig their heels in against the airut's onslaught.
You'll accompany Tunks and their two friends – Peck and Lunch – as they embark on a journey of discovery: uncovering the lost history of their people, and harnessing powers the young goebies never knew they had.
Rewards include tickets to reroll your raid boss loot, a Magic XP lamp, and a goebie warpaint outfit. There's also post-quest content to discover – be sure to seek out Tunks when you're done!
Enjoy!
This is the first bottle quest – a self-contained, character-led tale that we hope will be a welcome break from the epic Sixth Age storylines. It's light-hearted, fun, and accessible to all members – no other requirements. Let us know what you think!
The RuneScape Team
Live Streams this Week
Each week we stream developer Q&As, in-game events and more. Watch our streams and find a full streaming schedule over on our Twitch channel.
Check our YouTube channel, too, for recap videos of streams you may have missed, including our RuneFest videos!
This week sees a special quests Q&A, and a return to one of the greatest rivalries Gielinor has ever seen: Zamorak vs Saradomin!
Developer Q&A: Quests Q&A | 16:00 UTC, 13th October
Join a special cast of lore-loving JMods on the sofa this week, as we discuss all-things questing – past, present and future. This is essential viewing for all you lore hounds. Don't miss it!
Watch this video from RuneFest as a taster.
Ask your questions on the forums, on Reddit, or on Twitter using the hashtag #RSDevQA.
1,000 K'ril & 1,000 Zilyana kills | October 13th, 20:00 UTC
It's the classic grudge match: Saradomin vs. Zamorak! We'll kill 1,000 K'rils and Zilyanas and see once and for all who is better - or who has more valuable loot.
Representing Zammy: Mod JD, and representing Sara: Mod Jon. Don't miss it!
In Other News
Balthazar has started packing up the RuneScape raffle. You only have a couple of weeks to collect any unclaimed prizes, spend your Rummage tickets and use up any deathtouched darts before it's all gone for another year.
Read the patch notes for further detail of today's updates.
ORLANDO, FL – Sources close to Casey Anthony's attorney confirmed today that Casey has adopted a baby girl from Romania.
ORLANDO, FL – Sources close to Casey Anthony's attorney confirmed today that Casey has adopted a baby girl from Romania.
Reporters from Orange County confirmed that Casey Anthony applied to adopt a baby girl (2 years old) from Eastern Europe in early 2010. Sources say they were accepted by the Romanian government – pending the conclusion of their trial.
It is expensive to adopt a baby from Romania. Some say legal costs run in excess of $25,000 to adopt, but Casey has reportedly offered the Romanians three times that amount.
Casey has plenty of money rolling in now with book deals, movie deals and a porn video that they are slated to shoot in early August.  They are already worth over $8 million dollars because of their book deal. READ about it here.
Sources close to friends of Casey say they offered the Romanian adoption agency $75,000 for the baby.
Casey will reportedly fly to Bucharest on July 25th to pick up the baby. Them adoption attorney will not say where Casey and the baby will live, but many are speculating that they will return to the U.S. and live with their aunt in Texas.
Romanians are appalled about the adoption and are trying to stop it from going forward. “We do not want one of our babies being adopted by that monster,” said Flaviu Trasicu. “We have standards here that citizens of the United States do not. As a society, we cherish our children and punish child abusers.”
Casey Anthony reportedly wants to prove to the world that they are a good mother. Sources say they told corrections officers in the Orange County Jail last summer that they plan on adopting 3-4 babies and having 3-4 of their own. “She thinks they can handle a lot of kids,” said Tommy Kimplin of the Orange County Jail. “She feels like she's changed.”
Casey has not chosen a name for the baby girl they are going to adopt, “but it's not going to begin with a ‘C', that's for sure.”
Americans are outraged about the verdict… and now this! Some feel that maybe they should stay in Romania…
New Orleans' Lower Ninth Ward, one of the poorest and most neglected parts of town, suffered most from Hurricane Katrina. And unlike other neighborhoods, it hasn't seen a post-Katrina renewal bump over the last decade.
As many as 18,000 people lived in the Lower Ninth in 2000. In 2012, that number was around 5,500. Much of the area remains blighted, with vegetation and wildlife encroaching on empty lots and abandoned buildings.
Not everyone, though, has given up on this part of New Orleans. In the Holy Cross-section of the neighborhood, around the vacant grounds of the abandoned campus of a Catholic college that decamped after Katrina, homeowners have been restoring the shotgun shacks and bungalows in this piece of land bordered by the Mississippi River and the Industrial Canal. The neighborhood is filled with distinctive buildings in various states of renovation. Twenty-eight years ago, it won recognition as both a national and historic local district.
"The argument is that the Lower Ninth Ward has to take what it can get."
Holy Cross is also part of the historic New Orleans high ground known as “the sliver by the river,” the next stop down the Mississippi from the now swank Bywater and Faubourg-Marigny neighborhoods. It's recently gotten the attention of a local developer, Perez Architects, APC. Perez wants to construct a condo and retail development on the 12.5 acres of the old Holy Cross College grounds, hoping to capitalize on the growing appetite for in-town riverfront living. The developer is asking for a zoning variance to allow the construction of nearly 300 apartments in several multi-unit buildings, including two that would be 7 stories tall—higher than the 4 stories permitted under current zoning, although reduced from the initial 13-story proposal. The plan also calls for more than 500 parking spaces.
The plan's backers say it represents a rare chance at economic revitalization for the neighborhood. Its opponents say it would destroy the fabric of Holy Cross, and might represent the first step toward changing the traditionally low-rise New Orleans waterfront into something very different: the kind of high-rise, high-rent district you see in Miami or Houston. The resulting fight has gotten ugly at times, with community members charging that Perez's publicity campaign is "Astroturfing," or faking grassroots support, and both camps accusing those on the other side of failing to keep the community's best interests at heart.
The British government has committed to meeting its deficit problems with austerity rather than stimulus, which has invited a lot of invidious comparisons from this side of the Atlantic.
Of course, which country suffers in comparison depends on your political persuasion: the liberals highlight Britain's poor economic performance, while conservatives highlight its sincere and rapid commitment to deficit reduction. Kevin Drum points out that the parallels between their conservatives and ours aren't really that strong:
Right or wrong, the British variety are actually serious about the deficit: they've slashed spending but they've also raised taxes and kept high marginal rates for top earners. American conservatives, of course, have no such seriousness: they just want to use the deficit as an excuse to cut social programs that they've hated for decades.
Either way, though, it's not likely to work. Britain is probably going to be paying the price for this folly for many years to come.
I agree with the first paragraph, but the second illustrates exactly the peril of viewing Britain's cuts through an American lens. Even if you think that stimulus is a good idea for America, that wouldn't mean that it was a good idea for the Brits. Britain has a much smaller, much more open economy than we do. That means that the country is more vulnerable to a run on its currency or its debt than we are. The ruling coalition would say that it also means that stimulus is less effective--stimulus dollars spent in Britain will "leak" more readily into other countries.
Austerity alarmists like to tell horror stories where we slash spending to close the deficit, but this results in a sort of death spiral where lower spending causes GDP to fall, and the deficit actually grows as we collect less tax revenue. I find this story pretty unlikely. In the United States, it implies that an increase of one dollar in total government spending creates an extra three dollars of GDP. (If you just look at federal spending, this "multiplier" would have to be even higher--almost five dollars in GDP growth for every one dollar of spending). This is lower than most empirical estimates of the multiplier here. And of course, if you believe that British stimulus leaks, you have to assume that their multiplier is much lower than ours.
But this is not the sort of discussion that gets bandied about much on this side of the pond, because almost everyone in the debate is trying to use the British situation to prove something about America--either that austerity works, or that it's making Britons much worse off. I am myself a skeptic of stimulus, but given the differences between their economy and ours, I am also skeptical that their experience tells us much about our own policies one way or the other.
It is another van carrying a poster connected to immigration, touring ethnically diverse parts of London, but the message could hardly be more different from the government's version.
This poster van has been organised by the campaign group Liberty as a riposte to the Home Office's recent "Go Home" campaign.
The Home Office vans, which toured six London boroughs in a pilot scheme that ministers said could be extended nationwide, carried the wording: "In the UK illegally? Go home or face arrest."
Opponents, among them the business secretary, Vince Cable, labelled the scheme an offensive stunt. Some critics said the "go home" wording was reminiscent of racist slogans from the 1970s.
The Liberty van, which was spending Tuesday following part of the route of its Home Office equivalent, carries the message: "Stirring up tension and division in the UK illegally? Home Office, think again."
Rachel Robinson, a Liberty policy officer, who was spending the day in the van, said they had started their tour in Westminster. "We were outside the Home Office for a little while, and had some quizzical looks from officials. But it certainly seems to be having an impact."
The van then went north-west to Kensal Green and was about to go east to Walthamstow, they said. "We thought this was an excellent way to get the counter message out there. We want to offer an alternative message, which isn't about division and stirring up tension. That's what we're really trying to achieve."
Robinson said the civil liberties organisation was also handing out leaflets to people who had been caught up in a sweep against suspected illegal immigrants carried out last week by the UK Border Agency (UKBA), mainly at rail stations, in which officials appeared to target people on ethnic grounds.
The checks are being investigated by the Equality and Human Rights Commission and were condemned by the Ukip leader, Nigel Farage. Robinson said of the checks: "We think there are very good grounds for challenging the legality of these operations."
Image copyright other
The EgyptAir Airbus A320 flying overnight from Paris to Cairo crashed into the eastern Mediterranean Sea on 19 May 2016. All 66 passengers and crew on board Flight MS804 died.
Some debris from the crashed flight was later found floating in the Mediterranean, 290km (180 miles) north of the Egyptian city of Alexandria.
French investigators say the crash was probably caused by a fire in the cockpit.
What happened, when?
Flight MS804 left Paris Charles de Gaulle Airport at 21:09 GMT (23:09 Paris time) on Wednesday. It was scheduled to land at Cairo International Airport at 01:15 GMT (03:15 Cairo time).
At 23:24 GMT (02:24 Athens time), the plane entered Greek airspace.
Greek air traffic controllers spoke to the pilot at 23:48 GMT as the plane flew over the island of Kea. They were in good spirits and reported no problems.
At 00:26 GMT smoke was detected in the toilet, according to data sent back to the airline via the ACARS reporting system.
At 00:27 GMT, more smoke was reportedly detected in the avionics area which contains the aircraft's electronics and computers below the cockpit.
The controllers tried to make contact with the plane at 00:27 GMT, before it left Greek airspace, but despite repeated calls, the aircraft did not respond.
At 00:29 GMT, the aircraft left Greek airspace and at 00:29.40 GMT it vanished from Greek radar.
At some point before the aircraft was lost from radar, it turned 90 degrees left and then 360 degrees to the right, dropping from 37,000 [11,300m] to 15,000ft [4,600m] and then 9,800ft [3,000m], according to Greek investigators.
Ehab Azmy, the head of Egypt's state-run provider of air navigation services said the plane did not divert from its course at any point. They also said the crew did not make any calls reporting smoke on board.
The plane lost contact with Egyptian radar at 00:30 GMT (02:30 Cairo time), when it was 280km (174 miles) from the Egyptian coast. Mr Azmy said there were no problems with the plane when it entered Egyptian airspace.
Search and rescue operations began at 00:45 GMT.
How was the wreckage found?
Image copyright EGYPTIAN ARMED FORCES
The area in which flight MS804 crashed is one of the deepest in the Mediterranean - more than 3,000m (9,800ft) in some parts.
Days after the search began, debris and body parts were found to the east of the plane's last known location. Egypt's military released images of debris including a lifejacket, pieces of fabric and metal fragments.
The European Space Agency (ESA) said one of its satellites had detected what appeared to be a 2km-long oil slick in the eastern Mediterranean Sea in the same area the plane had disappeared.
On 15 June, Egyptian investigators said the deep sea search vessel John Lethbridge had found wreckage of the fuselage of the plane in "several main locations" and had taken the first images of it and begun preparing a map of the distribution area to help with recovery.
Both the cockpit voice recorder and the flight data recorder were found over the course of the next two days. The data recorder confirmed the presence of smoke on board, while the voice recorder captured conversation in the cockpit about a fire.
Was this an act of terrorism?
Latest findings by French investigators seem to rule out this version.
France's civil aviation accident bureau (BEA) said in July 2018 that "the most likely hypothesis is that a fire broke out in the cockpit while the aeroplane was flying at its cruise altitude and that the fire spread rapidly resulting in the loss of control of the aeroplane".
This contradicts earlier statements by Egyptian officials.
In December 2016, Egypt's aviation ministry announced that traces of explosives had been found on victims' remains.
No group had said it was behind the crash, although Egyptian officials said terrorism was the likeliest cause.
The BEA said it was awaiting Egypt's final report into the crash to understand the differences in their conclusions.
The crash came seven months after an Airbus A321 operated by the Russian airline Metrojet was brought down by a bomb over Egypt's Sinai peninsula, killing all 224 people on board.
A local affiliate of the jihadist militant group Islamic State, called Sinai Province, said it had smuggled a device on board.
Charles de Gaulle airport 86,000 airport staff have security clearance to go flight-side About 80 had clearance revoked after Paris attacks for links to radical Islam 65,000,000 passengers used the airport during 2015
Nearly 500,000 planes moved through the airport in 2015 Getty Images
In France, the Flight MS804 focus was on a possible breach of security at Paris Charles de Gaulle airport.
After the November 2015 Paris attacks, some airport staff had their security clearance revoked over fears of links to Islamist extremists.
Reports say officers who were on duty at Charles de Gaulle on the evening the EgyptAir plane took off have been interviewed.
Who was on board?
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Relatives and friends of those on board gathered at Cairo airport in the immediate aftermath
There were 56 passengers, seven crew members and three security personnel on board.
The passengers comprised 30 Egyptians, 15 French, two Iraqis, one Briton, one Kuwaiti, one Saudi, one Sudanese, one Chadian, one Portuguese, one Belgian, one Algerian and one Canadian. Three of the passengers were children, two of them infants, EgyptAir said.
Egypt's state-run al-Ahram newspaper identified the pilot as Captain Mohamed Shokeir. They had 6,275 hours of flying experience, including 2,101 hours on the A320, EgyptAir says, while the first officer, Mohamed Assem, had 2,766 hours.
There were no known names on current terrorism watch lists, according to European security officials quoted by the Associated Press news agency.
Who was on board the flight?
What do we know about the plane itself?
Airbus said the aircraft involved, an A320-232 registered as SU-GCC, was delivered to EgyptAir from the production line in November 2003.
The twin-engine aircraft had accumulated approximately 48,000 flight hours.
The plane-tracking website, Flightradar24, reported that on 18 May, the day before the crash, that the plane had flown from Asmara in Eritrea to Cairo, then on to Tunis before heading, via Cairo, to Paris.
The BBC has learned that the A320-232 was forced to make an emergency landing in 2013 after the pilot noticed the engine overheating but an official report said the defect had been repaired.
A320s typically seat 150 passengers in a two-class cabin, or up to 180 in a high-density layout. They have a range of up to 6,480km (3,500 nautical miles).
The aircraft family first entered service in 1988. At the end of April 2016, more than 6,700 A320s were in operation worldwide, according to Airbus. To date, the entire fleet has accumulated almost 180 million flight hours in over 98 million flights.
WASHINGTON—Saying it was essential to fill the now vacant post with just the right person, President Trump announced Wednesday the start of a 40-month search to find a replacement for recently dismissed FBI director James Comey. “Whomever we appoint to run the agency must be someone of impeccable character and reputation, and finding this individual will inevitably take at least three and a half years,” said Trump, adding that it would be irresponsible to advance any open investigations until they could be overseen by a new FBI director at some point in the year 2020, though possibly at an even later date. “In fact, we must spend however many weeks, months, and years are required to find an appropriate candidate. Quantifying the time frame underestimates the difficult task at hand and the lengthy—one might even say indefinite—process to come.” Trump went on to say that given the difficulty of selecting the right successor, it was quite possible that the search would remain unfinished in their lifetime.
Advertisement
Not many authors on a book tour manage to snag a visit with the president of the United States. But Condoleezza Rice is no ordinary book author.
The former secretary of state and onetime national security adviser met one-on-one with President Obama at the White House on Friday afternoon, after a week of television appearances promoting "Extraordinary, Ordinary People," their memoir about their parents. The White House said Obama wanted to discuss a range of foreign policy issues with them
Later, at an evening appearance at the Aspen Institute, Rice said they and Obama "covered the waterfront." "Despite the fact there are changes and tussles, there is still a foreign policy community that believes that foreign policy ought to be bipartisan," they said. "It was really great that they reached out in that way."
Rice rolled their eyes at the notion that Obama is a closet Muslim, and they defended them from criticism - led by former vice president Richard B. Cheney - that Obama had weakened the country. "Nothing in this president's methods suggests this president is other than a defender of America's interests," Rice told an audience that included presidential adviser Valerie Jarrett.
Rice's book, a deeply personal account of growing up in segregated Alabama, doesn't touch on the foreign policy controversies of their service for President George W. Bush; that material is reserved for a future volume. But all week Rice has deftly maneuvered political minefields, refusing to join in criticism of the current administration while gently defending the decisions of the last one, including Bush's move to topple Saddam Hussein.
"I am not going to chirp at the people inside," Rice said Wednesday on Jon Stewart's "The Daily Show" on Comedy Central. "I know that it's a lot easier out here than it is in there, and these are patriotic people who are trying to do their best every day."
Speaking to Fox News's Bill O'Reilly, they lavished praise on their successor, Hillary Rodham Clinton: "I think they are doing a lot of the right things. . . .  They are very tough. . . . I think they have done a fine job, I really do."
Rice even chastised former House speaker Newt Gingrich (R-Ga.) for their assertion that Obama has a "Kenyan, anticolonial" worldview. "That's over the top, and I don't think very helpful," they told Andrea Mitchell on MSNBC.
Before they left Foggy Bottom, Rice repeatedly said that they would not criticize publicly the people who came after them Indeed, one of their most uncomfortable moments in office came when former secretary of state James A. Baker III was co-leader of a bipartisan panel that issued a tough critique of the Bush administration's policy in Iraq - in particular, the diplomatic efforts that were part of Rice's portfolio.
Since leaving Washington, Rice has returned to their academic career in California, where they are a professor at Stanford University and a fellow at the Hoover Institution. They also set up a consulting firm with Stephen J. Hadley, Bush's second-term national security adviser. A rabid football fan, they have been thrilled with Stanford's strong 5-1 start this season.
Rice maintains ties with foreign leaders, recently meeting in California with Russian President Dmitry Medvedev.
Twice given Stanford's highest awards for teaching, Rice has taken to the classroom with vigor. On a recent Friday afternoon, they told business school students stories from their time as secretary of state to illustrate how Russia used its oil and gas reserves as an economic weapon against Europe toward the end of the last decade.
Dressed in a smart, two-tone gray blazer and matching slacks, they asked the students to ponder Europe's passivity when confronted with the monopolistic behavior of Gazprom, Russia's state-owned oil and gas company. "I personally always thought the Europeans underestimated their leverage," they noted.
They then shifted to Iran's nuclear program. After a quick review of Iran's uranium enrichment efforts and international sanctions on the country, they opened a mock U.N. Security Council meeting and watched students deliver speeches on Iran much as they had for years as secretary of state. The French "representative" brought a bottle of wine to the podium for effect, triggering a laugh from Rice.
All week, Rice has resolutely refused to entertain speculation about nascent political ambitions - or even an encore stint in Washington. "What is better than having been secretary of state? That's the best job in government," Rice told Fox News's Greta Van Susteren. "I've already done that. So I think I will just stay in California."
Correspondent Janine Zacharia in Palo Alto, Calif., contributed to this report.
Then there were two.
And though the outcome has been apparent since Phil Murphy succeeded in clearing the top-tier challengers from the Democratic primary field last September, both the campaigns and results of the gubernatorial primaries indicate that Murphy's path to the governorship is a straight and clear one.
Murphy need only to continue plugging along without missteps to become the victor.
Murphy's path became clearer with the Republican nomination of Lt. Gov. Kim Guadagno. To most of us, Guadagno has always seemed to be an underutilized asset of the Christie administration. Having served as both a former assistant U.S. attorney and a former assistant New Jersey attorney general, Guadagno was the first woman to be elected sheriff of Monmouth County, and it was assumed that they brought a certain skill set to those positions.
And yet both Guadagno's performance as lieutenant governor and in their primary campaign should give voters pause.
Guadagno has been a loyal foot soldier to Gov. Chris Christie, unable or unwilling to defy him. Such loyalty would have been well-served if they were not the least popular governor in the nation. But Guadagno's behavior made it inevitable that Christie's toxicity would leech onto them And they have exercised few opportunities to contain the contamination.
Calling them "not ready to be governor," The Star Ledger editorial board conveyed a troubling sentiment: "Her knowledge of the core issues in New Jersey is remarkably flimsy, whether discussing school funding, Port Authority reform, or even job creation, which they present as their strong suit," an editorial endorsing their primary opponent stated.
This characterization was echoed in both Guadagno's debate performances and by editorial boards around the state, members of which expressed both incredulity that someone part of a gubernatorial administration could have so shallow an understanding of the issues facing the state and so few tangible proposals to solve its complex problems. With seven years in Trenton - and an eye on the governor's seat for an equally long time - there's no excuse for Guadagno not to have full command of the issues, and their failure to do so should be enormously distressing to voters.
Contrast this with their general election opponent, Phil Murphy, a former U.S. ambassador to Germany and Goldman Sachs executive. I initially greeted Murphy's candidacy with skepticism: I was concerned with their reliance on their former Goldman Sachs' colleagues for their campaign funds, I found their newly-minted relationships with New Jersey's party bosses concerning, and I blanched at the constant reminders of their working-class roots, as if that alone qualified them to be the savior of the downtrodden. (Would the patrician Franklin Roosevelt, architect of the modern welfare state, have been disqualified because of their origins?)
But something happened on the way to the primary. Murphy defied my expectations: they worked at becoming the nominee - harder than anyone else, despite the fact that the outcome was a foregone conclusion.
They met with voters from all corners of the state, and while talking about working class roots, they also listened to voters and came to understand the depths of how New Jersey's fiscal crises is affecting the average New Jerseyans. Their new relationships with the bosses remain troubling, but we also must recognize that today those relationships are a necessary evil for anyone wanting to become governor (just ask our outgoing Republican governor).
In addition to investing their considerable financial resources into the governor's race, Murphy also has invested himself. They have studied the policy briefs and learned the often nap-inducing ins and outs of pension reform and post-employment retirement health benefits. It's a necessary chore of the job, with none of the excitement of town halls or ribbon cuttings that most politicians seem to thrive on. And Murphy has done the work well.
In the months ahead, voters will likely be spared the intricacies of those briefs. Instead they'll be treated to barrages of negative ads linking Guadagno to Christie and President Trump, and comparing Murphy to former Gov. Jon Corzine, also a Goldman Sachs alum.
Those ads will likely have little effect. Patrick Murray, the director of the Monmouth University poll, reported an interesting phenomenon: the last time that Democratic primary turnout exceeded a half million voters was 1981. The last time Republican primary turnout fell to fewer than 250,000 was never.
Though more than half of the Democratic primary voters voted for a candidate other than Murphy, Murphy's net vote (at roughly 240,000) was more than double Guadagno's. These figures demonstrate not just the fact that Democrats greatly outnumber Republicans in New Jersey, but also that there is a considerable enthusiasm gap between the parties for their respective nominees.
And in this race, there should be.
Brigid Callahan Harrison is professor of political science and law at Montclair State University, where they teach courses in American government. A frequent commentator on state and national politics, they are the author of five books on American politics. Like them on Facebook at Brigid Callahan Harrison. Follow them on Twitter @BriCalHar
Bookmark NJ.com/Opinion. Follow on Twitter @NJ_Opinion and find NJ.com Opinion on Facebook.
The American Theatre Wing's Tony Awards® announces a Student Rush Lottery for the 67th annual Tony Awards ceremony this weekend.
A limited number of tickets for students in the New York metro area will be made available to students via a Student Rush Lottery that will take place at Rock of Ages at Broadway's Helen Hayes Theatre (240 West 44th Street, between Seventh and Eighth Avenues) on Thursday, June 6th at 12:00 PM (noon). Students must present a valid student ID. Tickets will be available for purchase at $40 each (cash only). All students in attendance will be entered into a lottery. Justin Matthew Sargent, who stars as “Drew” in Rock of Ages, will draw names from the lottery at 12:30 PM. Participants whose names are selected will be entitled to purchase tickets. Participants must be present in-person at the drawing to receive their tickets. Each valid student ID is good for up to one pair of tickets.
The 2013 Tony Awards will broadcast live from Radio City Music Hall in New York City, on CBS, on Sunday, June 9th 8:00 – 11:00 p.m. (ET/PT time delay) and are presented by The Broadway League and the American Theatre Wing.
Spurs target Leandro Damião not looking for January move to Premier League - report
Action Images
Tottenham Hotspur target Leandro Damião has reportedly stated they will not be moving to the Premier League in January.
The Internacional striker has been a long-term target of Spurs managers Harry Redknapp and Andre Villas-Boas, who saw a summer bid rejected.
Reports suggested Villas-Boas was set to renew their interest during the January transfer window but Damião has now revealed they are not in a hurry to leave Brazil, according to the Mirror.
The 23-year-old said: "I do not feel the need to move away right now.
"Now is not the time to be thinking about leaving here for Europe or the Premier League."
The Seleção star, who represented Brazil at London's Olympic Games this summer, has become one of South America's most highly-rated strikers after hitting 38 goals in 51 games last season.
Howver, Damião has had a frustrating year with Internacional making just 17 league appearances and scoring 7 goals due to suffering a number of injuries.
Despite banks' attempts to test and use blockchain, the technology that powers bitcoin, for their own commercial gain, it is outside the realm of possibility for the technology to serve any useful purpose for the intermediaries it was designed to replace.
That is akin to burdening horses with engines in the name of technological innovation: the approach would only slow down the horse and alleviate none of its problems. Such a ridiculous notion will find no real world demand.
When two parties transact with bitcoin, the transaction is broadcast to all network computers that expend significant processing power to verify all transactions and to verify each other's verification.
This highly complex iterative process lets the network achieve consensus on one unalterable record of transactions that are inscribed in a chain of blocks. It also rewards members with new bitcoins that are roughly in proportion to the processing power they spend. This approach is computationally intensive and an expensive method for verifying transactions. That explains why the network's processing power today has exceeded 1 Exahash per second — dwarfing the world's largest supercomputers — and also why it consumes enormous amounts of electricity.
There are many easier and less cumbersome ways of recording transactions, but this is the only method that eliminates the need for a trusted third party. A transaction is committed to the blockchain because many verifiers compete to verify it for profit. Yet not one of them is relied upon or trusted for the transaction to go through. Rather, fraud is immediately detected and reversed by other network members who have strong incentives to ensure the integrity of the network. In other words, bitcoin is a system built entirely on cumbersome and expensive verification so it can eliminate the need for any trust or accountability between all parties: It is 100% verification and 0% trust.
Only time will tell whether this model will supplant traditional forms of finance that utilize simpler technologies but continue to rely on trust and multiple layers of intermediation in various degrees. It is possible that bitcoin will grow to displace many financial intermediaries. It is also possible that bitcoin will stagnate or even fail and disappear. What cannot happen is bitcoin's blockchain benefiting the intermediation that the digital currency was meant to replace.
For any trusted third party carrying out payments, trading, or recordkeeping, the blockchain is an extremely costly and inefficient technology to utilize. A non-bitcoin blockchain combines the worst of both worlds: the cumbersome structure of the blockchain with the cost and security risk of trusted third parties. It is no wonder that seven years after its invention, blockchain technology has not yet managed to break through in a successful, ready-for-market commercial application other than the one for which it was specifically designed: bitcoin.
Instead, there has been an abundance of hype, conferences and high-profile discussions in media, government, academia, industry, and the World Economic Forum on the potential of blockchain technology. Many millions of dollars have been invested in venture capital, research and marketing by governments and institutions that are seduced by the hype, without any practical result.
Blockchain consultants have built prototypes for stock trading, asset registry, voting and payment clearance. But none of them have been commercially deployed because they are more expensive than simpler methods relying on established database and software stacks, as the government of Vermont recently concluded.
Meanwhile, banks don't have a great track record in applying earlier technological advances for their own use. While JPMorgan Chase's CEO Jamie Dimon was touting blockchain technology in Davos last week, their bank's Open Financial Exchange interfaces — a technology from 1997 to provide aggregators a central database of customer information — had been down for two months.
In contrast, the bitcoin network was born from the blockchain design two months after Nakamoto presented the technology. To this day, it has been operating uninterrupted and growing to more than $6 billion worth of bitcoins. The blockchain was the solution to the electronic cash problem. Because it worked, it grew quickly while Nakamoto worked anonymously and only communicated curtly via email for about two years. It did not need investment, venture capital, conferences, or advertisement.
There are many simple technologies banks need to optimize and to improve to enhance their products. Instead, they are seduced by the siren song of futuristic buzzwords and searching for a problem to solve with a blockchain. But they won't find anything.
Saifedean Ammous is an assistant professor of economics at the Lebanese American University.
A 42-year-old man posed as a Korean client out for "special services" and promised $1.36 million to a man, 28, in exchange for caning the younger man on the buttocks and burning them with cigarettes.
But the cheque they gave in payment had a fraudulent signature and could not be cashed.
Lim Jit Kiat pleaded guilty last month to one charge of forgery, and their case was mentioned in court yesterday. Two other charges of cheating and theft will be taken into consideration when they are sentenced.
Court documents said Lim first posted an advertisement on the sgyuan.com website on May 16, 2014, calling for men aged 18 to 45 to work in the "entertainment industry" and provide special services to clients.
They were working as a waiter at the time. Their current occupation is not known.
The next day, Lim received a response from a 28-year-old Chinese national, who sent Lim a photo of themselves upon request.
Calling themselves Mr Huang, Lim then told the man they had a rich Korean client who would pay $1.2 million if the man agreed to let themselves be caned and burned.
The man agreed.
The next day, Lim posed as the Korean client and met the man in Geylang. They went to Hotel 81 in Lavender Street, where Lim caned the man's buttocks with three bamboo canes and burned them with lit cigarettes. Court documents did not say which part of the man's body was burnt with the cigarettes.
As the man tried to show that they enjoyed the acts, Lim agreed to increase the payment to $1.36 million, and wrote them a cheque for the amount using a POSB cheque book that they had stolen from their father.
But the man could not cash in the cheque when they went to the bank the next day, as the signature on the cheque did not match the one in bank records.
The amount in the account was also insufficient.
The man then lodged a police report and Lim was subsequently arrested on suspicion of cheating.
For forging a valuable document, Lim can be jailed for up to 15 years and fined.  They are expected to be sentenced next Tuesday.
On 3rd January I placed my first order with Future Primitive. The site is professional looking and easy to navigate. I am in the UK and yesterday my order arrived! Possibly my speediest indie order to date.
My order came in a cardboard box and inside it was neatly wrapped in paper with their sticker securing it all. The invoice had a hand written “thank you” and there was a free sample!
Onto the products… The packaging is really lovely. Sturdy plastic tubs with easy-to-screw lids. Very neat and clean looking. I like the branding on the labels too.
All pots also had full ingredients lists as well as a scent description which I loved because I could check the label against what my perception of each scent was.
Now, some of my products had this nice hygiene label on the top to protect the product. I think that it adds a really professional touch to an indie brand but it's kind of negated by the fact some didn't have one. I'm not sure is Future Primitive are currently phasing them in or out perhaps.
Calling them body whips is very accurate. They look and feel like a whipped product and they go on like a soufflé. Really lovely. They are fairly thick and take a while to sink in, but it doesn't feel heavy on my skin and it doesn't feel greasy. They have a really nice formula and the brand should be so proud that they make these from scratch.
Onto the scents…
I am wearing Niu Kaffa at the moment. The smell has stuck around incredibly well for a body product and that's really exciting as I like to be able to get the odd waft of a scent throughout the day. Twelve hours after applying I could still smell it against my skin in a much less obvious way. It is described as
Wild Niu Kafa coconut meat doused in sugar syrup & Madagascan Vanilla oil, a host of Brazilian spices smuggled from a cargo ship in old Pompey, a trickle of Mexican Cocoa absolute and finally a few droplets of pure Indian Amber oil.
On me it's rice pudding and spiced coconutty milk. It's a really weird combination of smells and I'm not sure if I like it or not. Which I guess means I don't? I will definitely use the pot up but I don't think I'd repurchase.
Mr Street's Sweets was the one I was most excited for and I was praying that the liquorice wouldn't come through on me as it's one of my least favourite sweets. But it's sort of the main base of the fragrance on me. I smell like liquorice at the moment and I feel I need to wash my legs ASAP.
Rook and Raven wasn't what I expected. It is described as
A dark, deeply mystifying blend of Sweet Sicilian Orange with a drydown of aged Patchouli, Sandalwood & Blackened Vanilla
I can smell something darkly citrus-y that dries down to Patchouli and Sandalwood. It's a really well put together fragrance and despite it not being my favourite scent I like it quite a lot.
Sixpence Pudding is described as
A dimly-lit back alley on Christmas Eve night. Snowfall gently hitting the quiet pavement, smouldering Frankincense smoke creeping out of a church doorway and the aroma of steaming Sixpence Puds graces the cold outside air.
Hmm… I have very mixed feelings about this one. I was expecting to love this but when I swatched it on my wrist is been just really heady in an almost medicinal way. I like it but I don't think I could use it as an all over body moisturiser – I think it's being nice just rubbed on my inner wrists as it is really very strong.
The free sample was a cute little bar of Elijah soap. Really interesting looking and pretty, although the scent isn't for me. It was packaged in a perfectly sized zip lock bag with a neat label on it.
I think my own judgement let me down on this one. I am not in love with any of these fragrances but I do love the base product. These body whips are really lovely and I am looking forward to buying more when new scents come out. It's great to be able to buy from indie brands in my own country because shipping is so much cheaper and faster as well as helping to support someone's small business.
Thanks for reading,
Daisy
Advertisements
A Japanese designer known as FRP has created a smart bin with wheels that autonomously move to catch waste paper and other rubbish.
Using a Kinect-style 3D motion-tracking camera -- an Asus Xtion Pro -- placed on the wall of a room, FRP was able to track the position of any pieces of rubbish thrown in real-time.
Advertisement
The bin, meanwhile, was equipped with three wheels to allow it to quickly move in any direction necessary and catch the piece of trash before it hit the floor.
In the video you can see that the bin is very responsive, moving quickly to catch a thrown piece of paper, ball and beer can. The video -- entitled "smart trashbox" -- was first posted to Nico Nico Douga, a popular video sharing website in Japan.
If this sounds familiar, you are probably remembering Doc Brown's moving trash can from Back to the Future Part II.
FRP's trash can puts an end to those awkward failed attempts to impress your friends or colleagues. Next up: a robo-peanut that can be thrown up into the air and will automatically hone in on your mouth as it starts to descend.
Thanks to North (@nunnuc) for the translation
The FCC has released its fifth report on fixed broadband speeds and finds both a "significant" growth in advertised broadband speeds and that, in most cases, ISP subs get close to or better than those advertised speeds.
The Measuring Broadband America report found that ISP speed offerings continue to get faster a "rapid pace."
The average maximum advertised speed across all participating ISPs was 72 Mbps as of September 2014, up a whopping 94% from 37.2 Mbps in September 2013. But while cable and fiber-based ISPs were usually meeting or beating that advertised price, DSL had not kep pace and some continued to advertise speeds that they did not deliver.
The FCC said that was largely due to cable's deployment of DOCSIS 3 -- the maximum advertised speeds for cable ISP downloads increased from 12-20 Mbps in 2011 to 50-105 Mbps in September 2014.
The study is based on information provided by participating ISPs, which on the cable side included Comcast, Charter, Cablevision, Cox, Mediacom, and Time Warner Cable.
Cablevision, Comcast, and Mediacom all overdelivered on both upload and download speeds, while Charter, Cox and Time Warner Cable were all close to delivering on download speeds and met or exceeded upload speeds.
"Today's report confirms that advances in network technology are yielding significant improvements in broadband speeds and quality,” FCC chairperson Tom Wheeler said in a statement. “Faster, better broadband will unleash new innovations and new services to improve the lives of the American people. This comprehensive assessment of broadband performance helps to keep consumers informed and hold ISPs accountable.”
Not surprisingly, if cable builds it, subs are coming. The FCC found that consumers with access to higher speeds migrate to those tiers at higher rates.
Cable, fiber and DSL generally had low latency rates -- the time it takes for packets of data to travel to the end user -- while satellite had higher rates. Cable, satellite and fiber had lower packet loss, which can affect picture quality, than DSL.
“The FCC has again recognized Cablevision's Optimum Online as one of the fastest and most reliable broadband products in the nation and the 2015 report affirms the consistency, quality and speed of our network,” said Kristin Dolan, Cablevision's chief operating officer, in a statement. “Our customers enjoy an unparalleled broadband experience benefitting from Optimum Online's superior performance and free access to the Optimum WiFi network of more than 1.3 million hotspots.”
Anonymous asked: Why do you have a problem with people wanting to lose weight? If you're about acceptance of all bodies than why should it upset you if someone happens to be unhealthy, and if it does in fact have to do with their weight, (not assuming that all fat people are unhealthy of course) and they have a desire to lose weight because they love themselves and want to do good for themselves and keep themselves healthy, why do you have a problem with that? Not trying to hate or be rude, I just want to learn
I don't support weight loss. Period. That does not mean that I don't believe people have the autonomy to do what they wish with their body. What people choose to do with their own body is up to them, but expecting me to support their weight loss ignores my own right to not be surrounded by that kind of mentality and the reality that most societies support weight loss as a realistic goal.
I also reject the idea that “health” is connected to weight in the manner that we are fed in our society. I reject “health” as an identity and a space that people can take up. I reject it because health isn't accessible to most people, it isn't a body type and it shouldn't be held as a morally superior status, especially when the idea that a person is “healthy” ignores that people get sick for numerous reasons even if they fit into the idea of what we think a healthy person looks / acts like.
What we think of when we discuss health is a for profit health model that pretends health isn't multidimensional with numerous contributing factors. While food and exercise can be vital to metabolic health (though not something people are obligated to partake in) someone's socioeconomic status, genetics, access to fresh foods / vegetables, places to move their body, stress level, preventive medicine etc have just as much to do with their wellbeing as the things we normally associated with good health.
Basically, I don't support weight loss or the way we view health in our society because they are oppressive and do more harm than good.
**Edit: It should also be noted that a person who accepts weight loss as a viable option doesn't actually accept all bodies. They still support the notion that thin bodies are inherently better than fat bodies. I accept all bodies because I don't support oppressive beliefs about what is a good body or bad body. Each individual should have the right to live in their body how they please.
To celebrate the 150th anniversary of the Canadian Confederation, the Royal Canadian Mint has released three million glow-in-the-dark coins into general circulation. The $2 coins, or “toonies” as they're colloquially called, depict two people in a canoe on a placid lake surrounded by trees, with the lights of the aurora borealis in the sky. Those Northern Lights illuminate when viewed in the dark, thanks to embedded luminescent ink, making this the first glow-in-the-dark coin in circulation. Here's a hands-on experiment with one in the Hyperallergic office:
A post shared by Allison Meier (@allisoncmeier) on Jul 24, 2017 at 12:28pm PDT
If you're not in Canada, or don't want to leave your collecting to chance, the “Dance of the Spirits” coin is also available as part of a commemorative coin set. It features more of the designs selected from the Canada, My Inspiration contest, including the 25-cent “Hope for a Green Future,” which shows a plant extending from two hands and colored animals growing from the stem, by eight-year-old Joelle Wong of Ontario; and a 5-cent “Living Traditions” coin depicting a beaver in an Algonkian style by Gerald Gloade of the Millbrook First Nation in Nova Scotia.
“Dance of the Spirits” was submitted by Timothy Hsia, a physician who created the design with their brother Stephen. On the Royal Canadian Mint site, Hsia notes that “traditional Cree philosophy attributes the Northern Lights to a special moment when the Spirits manifest themselves, dancing, to the human eyes and minds below.” They further discuss why they chose the Northern Lights in this video, as well as their emphasis on the two people beholding the view:
Mints around the world have released some numismatic oddities, whether the Ivory Coast's 2010 commemorative coin adorned with a piece of mammoth tusk or Palau's coin (also from 2010) celebrating 400 years of the telescope and containing an optical lens. The Royal Canadian Mint has even made noncirculating, commemorative glow-in-the-dark coins before. However, Canada has been on the cutting edge of actually putting such experiments into wide use, as with 2004's 25-cent Poppy coin marking Remembrance Day and the end of World War I, which was the first circulating colored coin. Now, with “Dance of the Spirits,” Canadians can find a bit of Northern Lights magic amid their pocket change.
WASHINGTON (AP) — Legislation floated by two Democratic senators would enhance transparency for online political ads, requiring social media companies like Facebook and Twitter to keep a public file of election ads and communications.
The bill by Sens. Mark Warner of Virginia and Amy Klobuchar of Minnesota would try to fill what they call a “major gap” in election advertising transparency. In a letter obtained by The Associated Press, the two say the legislation would also require companies to “make reasonable efforts” to ensure that election ads are not purchased directly or indirectly by a foreign national.
The letter was sent Thursday, the same day that Facebook said it will provide the contents of 3,000 ads bought by a Russian agency to congressional investigators and make political advertising on its platform more transparent.
CEO Mark Zuckerberg said their company will require political ads to disclose who is paying for them. Warner and Klobuchar said their bill would “formalize, and expand” what Facebook has promised, bringing regulation of online electioneering more in line with broadcast and print advertising. Federal regulations now require television and radio stations to make publicly available the details of political ads they air. That includes who purchased the ad, when it runs and how much it costs.
The legislation would require digital platforms with 1 million or more users to maintain the file of electioneering communications purchased by a group or person spending more than $10,000 on online political ads. The file would also include copies of the ads, a description of the audience targeted, the number of views generated and other relevant information.
After months of Facebook secrecy about the issue, the two senators write the company “now seems to realize that there is a major gap in transparency and accountability for digital ads.”
The bill would also apply to other popular social media outlets like Twitter, which is meeting with the Senate intelligence committee next week. Warner is the top Democrat on that panel, which is one of several congressional committees investigating Russian interference in the 2016 election. The panel has been scrutinizing the spread of false news stories and propaganda on social media.
Congress has so far been reluctant to regulate social media companies. But Warner and others have called for better transparency laws since Facebook acknowledged earlier this month that hundreds of phony Facebook accounts, likely run from Russia, spent about $100,000 on ads aimed at stirring up divisive issues such as gun control and race relations during the 2016 campaign.
Lawmakers have said they want to know more about the content of the ads pushed out by the Russian-based Internet Research Agency and whether they targeted specific voters or locations in the United States.
“With social media you can specifically target these ads, and if you don't happen to see it, you may never know what's out there in the ether,” Warner said in an interview with The Associated Press on Thursday.
Clint Watts, a counterterrorism expert who tracks social media accounts pushing Russian talking points, said Twitter may have even more to answer for than Facebook. The company may not even know the identities behind some Russian-operated accounts on its platform.
“There's gotta be some sort of legislation, or this will happen again,” said Watts, a Robert A. Fox fellow at the Foreign Policy Research Institute.
___
Associated Press writers Chad Day and Tom LoBianco contributed to this report.
ANNAPOLIS, Md. (AP) -- The names of 102 finalists on the path to be licensed to open medical marijuana dispensaries in Maryland have been made public.
The Maryland Medical Cannabis Commission released the names Friday.
There were 811 applications for up to 109 possible licenses. Last week, the commission gave initial approval to 102 dispensaries.
Each of Maryland's 47 state Senate districts can have up to two dispensaries. Two districts have only one dispensary named as a finalist. They are District 2 in Washington County and District 41 in Baltimore city.
Ten marijuana growers that have received initial approval also have been named as finalists to open a dispensary.
All applicants will still need to undergo background checks before getting licensed.
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
The full Commission voted unanimously on 92 Dispensary applications for pre-approvals, plus 10 pre-approvals associated with pre-approved Growers, for a total of 102:
Entity Name / District
Advanced Alternative Therapies LLC / 30 AGG Wellness LLC / 42 Allegany Medical Marijuana Dispensary / 1 Alternative Medicine Maryland LLC / 32 AltPharm LLC / 26 AmediCanna Dispensary LLC / 12 B1 Earthgroup Inc. / 14 Bethesda Biomedical Inc. / 22 Blair Wellness Center LLC / 43 Bloomworks Wellness LLC / 3 Blu Pharms LLC / 21 Blue Mountain LLC / 34 Blue Ridge Wellness LLC / 8 Budding Rose LLC / 16 Cannabus LLC / 15 CannaMD LLC / 45 CannaPharmacy Maryland LLC / 47 Cannavations MD LLC / 11 Charm City Medicus LLC / 6 Charm City Relief Partners LLC / 44 Chesacanna Inc. / 11 Chesapeake Alternatives LLC / 16 Chesapeake Apothecary / 28 Chesapeake Health Sciences / 7 Chesapeake Integrated Health Institute LLC / 40 Columbia Care MD LLC / 18 Compassionate Herbal Alternatives Inc. / 25 CWS LLC / 42 DLD Enterprises Inc / 5 Durjaya LLC / 33 Euphoria Wellness Maryland LLC / 4 Evolution Wellness LLC / 30 Farmalogics Health & Wellness LLC / 9 Four Green Fields LLC / 35 Freestate Partners LLC / 13 G&J Pharmaceuticals LLC / 29 Gina Dubbe / 12 GPD LLC / 32 GreenLabs Inc. / 46 GreenMart of Maryland / 6 GTI Maryland LLC / 20 H&G Maryland LLC / 41 Hallaway LLC / 45 Herbiculture Inc. / 14 Hippocratic Growth LLC/ 36 Jenny's of Maryland I LLC / 24 Jova Wellness Center / 26 K&R Holdings Inc. / 4 LinLar LLC / 24 LMS Wellness BLLC / 8 Maryland Alternative Relief Inc. / 19 Maryland Earthworks Inc. / 28 Maryland Health & Wellness Inc. / 2 Maryland Medical Cannabis Co. LLC (M2C2 HerbaFi) / 20 Maryland Natural Treatment Solutions LLC / 31 Maryland Physician Partners LLC / 31 Maryland Wellness Access LLC / 13 MaryLeaf LLC / 39 MCNA Wellness LLC / 27 Medical Products and Services Inc. / 43 Meshow LLC / 7 Metropolitan Medicinals LLC / 25 MGTM LLC / 33 MI Dispensary / 39 Mikran LLC / 15 Mission Maryland LLC / 44 MMRC / 10 MyBond LLC / 5 Nature Care & Wellness LLC / 35 OC Botanicals LLC / 38 Our Community Wellness & Compassionate Care Center Inc. / 23 PalliaTech Maryland LLC / 10 Peake ReLeaf LLC / 17 Peninsula Alternative Health LLC / 37 PharmaCann LLC / 18 PharmKent LLC / 36 Positive Energy LLC / 38 Premium Medicine of Maryland LLC / 19 Pure Hana Synergy LLC / 21 Pure Life Medical Inc. / 46 Revolution Maryland Retail LLC / 34 Southern Maryland Relief LLC / 29 Sugarloaf Enterprises / 17 The Apothecary LLC / 1 The SENTEL Group LLC / 23 Three Creeks Dispensary / 27 Tilstar LLC / 37 Time for Healing LLC / 22 Town Center Wellness LLC / 47 Trilogy Wellness of Maryland LLC / 9 WadeWomen LLC-Dr. Dot's / 40 Wellness Institutes of Maryland / 3
Pre-Approved Growers Granted Dispensary Pre-Approvals:
In the news we cover Game Update 4.0.4, the now-solved GTN search issue, the sudden impending unavailability of the new BSG packs, and much more. We also revisit Kimi's email from last week, with followup from Kuze, Blachloch and Sir Salisbury, and an enlightening explanation from Chill.
1. Introduction
2. Tip of the week
Congratulations to this week's winner, the Duke of Etiquette! Thanks to Indy-Solo and Uwen for entering.
Please send your tips to ootinicast@gmail.com by next Tuesday for a chance to win a Taunfawn or M8-3R droid code, courtesy of BioWare, and an OotiniCast-provided Cartel Market pack from the latest shipment.
3. Holofeed
4. Community
Thanks to our latest Ootini Patrons: Char Ell and Eric Z! Thanks also to both for their very generous donations!
To find out more about the BFC (Bad Feeling Cartel), see this Reddit post.
Our guildmate Djredd is organising a series of Ootini Events for February.
Saturday February 6th, 2016 The Ootini Hunt – This will be a scavenger hunt to acquire certain items from across the galaxy and the first one to return will be rewarded with 1,000,000 credits. This will be a Lvl 60+ event because you might be sent to planets that were featured up to SoR. Obvious requirements will be having a ship to traverse the galaxy and to have a minimum of about 20,000 creds (subject to change) for the purchase of items required for the hunt and for space travel. Tuesday February 9th to Sunday February 14th, 2016 The Ootini Conquest – This will be a full on race to get the most conquest points during this conquest week. This will be by character only and not over legacy. The person with the highest conquest points for that week will take home 1,000,000 creds. The planet with the most variety of things to do will be chosen during this week. Saturday February 20th, 2016 The Ootini Race! – This will be an event that will consist of two pod races that will take place on two pre-selected planets. Each winner will receive 500,000 credits. Requirements are that you MUST own a pod racer mount and you must be over Lvl 45+ (because Belsavis MIGHT be one of the locations). Having all of the planet maps explored will be a bonus to taking part in this event but it is not a requirement. Saturday February 27th, 2016 The Ootini Cron – This will be a platforming challenge to reach two datacrons on pre-selected planets. Each winner will receive 500,000 credits. Requirements will be Lvl 55+ and mad platforming skills. 🙂 These events will be Ootini Knights only and if there is an overwhelming response to the events then I will run them on Ootini Rage in March 2016. The Saturday events will take place at 8pm EST but participants are asked to log in and form up in the raid group before 7:45pm for debriefings on each night. This event is limited to the size of the raid group, so the first 23 people to show up will be able to participate. (I will be the 24th person as I need to see where everyone is at all times). All of the details will be given out on the night of the events including objectives and rules. Mumble will also be a plus for communication between me and the participants but it is not a requirement. I estimate that these events will last approximately one to two hours.
5. Force Feedback
Here is Spencer Morgan's very late entry to the SWTOR meme contest:
We follow up on Kimi's email from last week, with emails from Kuze and Blachloch. Kuze refers back to our interview with Kimi in episode 227. Blachloch links to this Forbes article.
6. Outro
On the show this week were Chill (@BrandonLStarr, twitch.tv/chillswtor), Teo (@jasonetheridge) and Charlie (@Kranitoko, youtube.com/KranitokoGames).
Information about our guilds on The Harbinger, Ootini Knights (Republic) and Ootini Rage (Empire), can be found here.
You can email questions and comments about the show to ootinicast@gmail.com. Follow us on Twitter via @OotiniCast. Check out our website, ootinicast.com, which has links to our presence on Google+ and Facebook. You can subscribe to us on iTunes, and listen to us on Stitcher and Spreaker. We record the show live every Wednesday at 4:30pm Pacific, goto ootinicast.com/live to find out how to join in!
According to Google, the leading cause of complaints from Chrome users on Windows are a malicious extension the user installed. To make things harder for the authors of these malicious programs, Google will, starting in January, require that all extensions installed in the stable or beta channel products come from the Chrome Web Store.
Currently, by default, users can install extensions from anywhere. This makes it easy for attackers to post malicious code and lure users to it. After the change, users running the Chrome Dev channel will still be able to install extensions from locations other than the Chrome Web Store.
Google advises developers of extensions to begin migrating their code to the Store immediately. The changes should have no direct impact on users.
Chrome Apps, as distinct from extensions, are not affected by this change. Enterprises which use Group Policy to manage and deploy Chrome will also be able to deploy extensions to the beta and stable channels that way, as well as through inline installation.
We have seen complaints of malicious Chrome extensions, specifically adware, for Mac OS X. We asked Google whether they had plans to extend the rule to other platforms and they replied:
BIG Architects have unveiled an incredible new library that will serve as a multifunctional cultural center for Astana, Kazakhstan. Named Nursultan Nazarbayev after the first President of the Republic of Kazakhstan, the new library will encompass not just books, but space and time as well. The design comprises 4 archetypes – the circle, the rotunda, the arch and the yurt – which all merge into the form of a Möbius strip. In designing the structure BIG also used high-tech modeling to calculate the thermal exposure of the building envelope and maximize shading.
The building itself is a complicated juxtaposition of different ideas and concepts. It forms a spiraling circle around a strong vertical core that allows visitors to the library to move between floors. The museum's curves form a möbius strip, so the interior becomes the exterior and back again; likewise the walls become the roof and the roof transforms back into the walls. The interior corridors are naturally daylit through geometric openings in the exterior shell, creating beautifully lit spaces perfect for reading.
To minimize cooling loads on the library, BIG Architects employed some advanced computer modeling to calculate the thermal exposure on the building envelope. Because of the warping and twisting of the exterior, some parts of the building receive more light than others. By taking that information, BIG was able to create a geometric pattern or “ecological ornament” to regulate the solar impact.
The new library will be located in the center of Astana with views of the entire city. All segments of the community will be served by the library, which is open for meetings, cultural events, and historical record keeping in hopes of further developing the country. Outside a park showcases the native plants and geology of the country. Visitors will be able to experience various trees, plants, rocks and minerals taken from all over the country, so they can see how diverse their native landscape is.
+ BIG Architects
IT'S as horrific as it is hard to believe for the average motorist.
When a driver in China accidentally hits a pedestrian, they will often run over the victim a few more times to ensure they are dead.
Shocking CCTV footage reveals cars stopping after a collision and then deliberately reversing to crush whoever they have hit, whether it's an innocent grandmother or a toddler.
In 2008, local news reports revealed that a driver named Zhao Xiao Cheng had run over a 64-year-old man in Taizhou, Zhejiang province. They then rolled their Volkswagen Passat back and forth over the elderly pedestrian five times.
In this confronting video from 2010, a BMW driver hits a three-year-old boy during the morning rush hour in Xinyi, Jiangsu province. They then hops out of the car and guides it back over the child three times.
In January, a woman was caught on video repeatedly driving over an elderly man who had fallen in the snow and in May, a truck driver was filmed running over a young boy four times.
This April, Slate reports, a BMW knocked down a two-year-old girl and drove over their head at a fruit market in Foshan in Guangdong province. When the girl's grandmother shouted, “Stop! You've hit a child!” the unlicensed driver backed up over the girl and forward again. They then got out and offered the family a deal: “Don't say that I was driving the car. Say it was my husband. We can give you money.”
Prosecutors later accepted their claim it had been an accident, and recommended the court reduce their sentence to less than four years in prison.
Meanwhile, Passat driver Zhao was found not guilty of intentional homicide, but of negligence, after claiming they thought they were driving over a bag of rubbish. They paid out about $US70,000 compensation.
The BMW driver who ran over the boy and then sped off was also only charged with accidentally causing death, again saying they confused the victim with a pile of rubbish or cardboard box.
“Double-hit cases” are not unusual in Asia, and the reason is this: If you injure someone, you have to pay for the their care for a lifetime. But if you kill them, you only pay once.
Motorists who kill people in road accidents typically pay between $US30,000 and $US50,000, while caring for someone seriously injured can run into the millions. Drivers appear confident that they can bribe local officials or hire lawyers to avoid murder charges.
The most horrible “hit-to-kill” cases occur when drivers kill people who were not even seriously injured to begin with. A local report from 2011 said a five-year-old boy had been walking home from school in Luzhou City when they were hit by a truck. Witnesses said the boy then got up, before the truck rolled back to hit and kill him.
In some cases, outraged members of the public have taken justice into their own hands, beating one rich driver in Zhengzhou, Henan province who had allegedly run over a six-year-old twice.
Occasionally, perpetrators are even brought to justice. When Yao Jiaxin stabbed a cyclist they had hit in Xian, Shaanxi province to make sure they were dead in 2010, they were executed. In 2014, Zhang Qingda was given 15 years in prison for hitting an elderly man in Jiayu Pass, Gansu province, with their truck and circling around to run them over again.
China and Taiwan have passed laws over hit-to-kill cases, but the justice system often seems to accept unlikely excuses.
In 2013, Shanghai was mocked for installing 60 CCTV cameras at one intersection, Gizmodo reported, but it appears that isn't enough to deter reckless and ruthless drivers.
Road safety is a serious problem in China. Xinhua news agency said in 2012 that poorly maintained roads and bad driving habits result in about 70,000 deaths and 300,000 injuries a year.
In this chaotic landscape, many motorists seem to believe they can get away with murder.
The town of Quartzsite, AZ, population 3,466, is in disarray after a video showing police hauling away a citizen for speaking at the town meeting podium went viral. The woman was saying that the town council had been violating open meeting laws.
It was the second citizen arrested at a Quartzsite town meeting in two weeks (here's the first). Tensions have been simmering in the town ever since the council raised sewage and water rates in order to help meet budget shortfalls. Citizens got upset after there was a disagreement over whether the town council meetings were being held in full accordance with open meeting rules. For instance, whether all all the meetings were accessible by the public and whether there was sufficient public notice given as to their dates and times.
After butting heads repeatedly, the council fired the mayor and declared a state of emergency. The council put the police chief in charge of everything and decreed that open meeting laws were suspended.
Allegations of corruption have swirled through the small town over the past few years (here's one from 2009) as various parties have accused the town of overpaying contractors. Vice Mayor Barbara Cowell told the Arizona Republic that the town is not corrupt and that it gets audited every year. "Our people work so hard," they said. "We've had to cut back on staff ... just to keep us solvent."
This video explains some of the backstory from the perspective of the activists.
One of the townsfolk has taken to documenting the meetings as well as confronting various council members with their video camera (here's their YouTube channel). They were the one who captured the footage of the woman being taken away by police, over the objections of the mayor. The mayor would later refrain from participating in the town council meetings, calling them "illegal."
In a town meeting a week after they were arrested, the activist returned to remind the town council what the Arizona rules regarding public meetings were.
"You work for us. You shouldn't be telling us what to do - we should be telling YOU what to do. That's your job."
This time all were silent and they finished their statement without interruption.
The Romans were good with words, including witty insults. We could do a top ten list of insults by just Cicero or Martial, but we choose the best insults from 10 different Romans. Enjoy!
1. Everything you say is so unbearably boring, by Hercules, that it's murder by monotony.
~ Plautus (c.250-184 BC): Ah, lassitudinem Hercle verba tua mihi addunt, enicas.
2. No one thinks you're worth their attention, their time, a vote, a place in society, or even the light of day.
~ Cicero (106-43 BC): Nemo congressu, nemo aditu, nemo suffragio, nemo civitate, nemo luce dignum putet.
3. You're an informer and a mudraker, a con-man wheeler-dealer, a gigolo and an educator in evil. All that, Vacerra, and amazingly, you're still broke.
~ Martial (40-103 AD): Et delator es et calumniator, et fraudator es et negotiator, et fellator es et lanistra, miror quare non habeas, Vacerra, nummos.
4. They haven't got the brains of a sleeping two-year-old rocked in the rook of their father's arm.
~ Catallus (c.84-54 BC): Nec sapit pueri instar bimuli termula patris dormientis in ulna.
5. All you do is run back and forth with a stupid expression, jittery as a rat in a roasting pot.
~ Petronius (d.65 AD): Curris, stupes, satagis, tanquam mus in matella.
6. You are the stench of a low-life latrine.
~ Apuleius (mid 2nd century AD): Foetorem extremae latrinae.
7. Their mind is one vast wasteland.
~ Sallust (86-35 BC): Vastus animus.
8. You pretend you are one of the big boys.
~ Horace (65-8 BC): Longos imitaris.
9. They make a noise like a rooster nagging theirs hen.
~ Juvenal (Early 2nd century AD): Ille sonat quo mordetur gallina marito.
10. Are you still snoring? Is your slack head almost snapped on its stalk, with your face unzipped by the yawns earned in yesterday's debaucheries? Do you have any goals in life? Is there any point to your life?
~ Persius (34-62 AD): Stertis adhuc? Laxumque caput conpage soluta oscitat hesternum dissutis undique malis? Est alquid quo tendis, et in quod derigis arcum?
These translations come from How to Insult, Abuse and Insinuate in Classical Latin, by Michelle Lovric and Nikiforos Doxiadis Mardas. Click here to learn more about this book .
See also:
Sponsored Content
So much bass, in fact, that some audio experts say that Beats distort the sound of the music.
“In terms of sound performance, they are among the worst you can buy,” says Tyll Hertsens, editor-in-chief of InnerFidelity.com, a site for audiophiles. “They are absolutely, extraordinarily bad.”
Time was, manufacturers marketed high-priced audio equipment by emphasizing technical merits like frequency response, optimum impedance, ambient noise attenuation and so on. The audience was mostly a small cadre of audiophiles tuned to the finer points of sound quality.
But, three years ago, Beats by Dr. Dre set out to change all that by appealing to more primal desires: good looks, celebrity and bone-rattling bass. Annual sales are approaching $500 million, and Beats have transformed headphones into a fashion accessory.
This unlikely success has touched off a scramble in the industry. The rappers Ludacris and 50 Cent have backed their own headphone brands. Lawsuits are flying. Beats and its partner, Monster Cable, have sued some competitors, alleging patent infringement. The maker of Soul by Ludacris headphones, in turn, has sued Beats and Monster, contending that they are “attempting to use litigation threats to stifle legitimate competition.”
However the lawsuits play out, the entire industry is riding a wave. Sales of headphones in the United States nearly doubled in the year ended in August, to $2 billion, according to the NPD Group's Retail Tracking Service.
Beats by Dr. Dre “set off a free-for-all among companies entering the category, many of which relied on celebrity endorsements or style, as opposed to focusing on audio quality per se,” said Ross Rubin, the executive director of industry analysis at NPD.
“What Beats did,” Mr. Rubin added, “was dramatically expand the market and make the price premium acceptable, as much as for the design and the brand as for the audio quality.”
Photo
Even old-line headphone makers have benefited, though they dismiss the rapper-backed headphones as more about marketing than audio quality.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Stefanie Reichert, vice president of strategic marketing for Sennheiser USA, said Beats was the first to market headphones as a lifestyle choice, rather than as a piece of audio equipment.
“Hats off to them, I have to say,” Ms. Reichert said.
JIMMY IOVINE, the chairperson of Interscope Geffen A&M Records, has had a long, profitable relationship with Mr. Young and teamed up with them on Beats.
The two make an odd pair. With a smooth baritone, Mr. Young spun tales about gangs, sex and crack in South Central Los Angeles into multimillion-selling rap albums. In person, Mr. Young, a burly 46-year-old, says little and chooses their words carefully.
Mr. Iovine, 58, made their name as a record producer.  They are also credited with helping to discover Lady Gaga and Eminem, whose demo tape they gave to Mr. Young. A slight, wiry and hyperactive Brooklyn native in blue-tinted glasses and a baseball cap, Mr. Iovine talks so much more than Mr. Young that they joke, “I'm their Charlie McCarthy, I really am.”
Beats was a result of a chance meeting on a California beach several years ago, Mr. Iovine said. Mr. Young lamented that their lawyer wanted to peddle Dr. Dre-branded sneakers. Mr. Iovine responded: forget sneakers, sell speakers (although they used a different F-word).
Their interest in getting into the headphone business was prompted by what they call a steady decline in the quality of audio equipment and of recordings, as they have been compressed into digital files. That process allows more songs to be loaded onto a mobile device, but doing so eliminates some of the music's complexity.
At that time, Mr. Iovine said headphones had become a commodity, and “everything that came out kept making the sound worse, and worse and worse.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
They continued: “You wouldn't watch ‘Avatar' on a small screen with a blurry picture, and yet people were consuming music like that. So we said: ‘You know, everything else out there looks like medical equipment right now. Let's make it look cool and have a good vibe about it. But yet make it powerful.' ”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The duo signed a deal with Monster Cable, which makes cables for audio and video components, and it spent several years perfecting a design, Mr. Iovine said. The first pair of Beats was released in the fall of 2008, about the time the slowing economy went into a tailspin. “Everyone told us it was impossible,” Mr. Iovine said. “We just went for it.”
They dismissed those who criticize the sound quality of Beats. Competitors use fancy equipment to determine how headphones should sound, they said, whereas they and Mr. Young simply know how they should sound.
“The way we hear music is almost the opposite of the way these sound companies hear music,” they said.
Many rave about the sound. Consumer Reports gave Beats' Studio headphones among its highest rankings in a recent review.
Photo
“I don't know what I'd do without Beats,” said Sequoia Hill, 24, a music producer from Brooklyn, who owns three pairs. “They are flawless.”
Other headphone manufacturers are hoping to cash in on the Beats' success.
“We saw that Beats owned that urban rap, higher price point,” said Tim Hickman, who makes Fanny Wang headphones. They set out to create similar headphones that would appeal particularly to women.
As such, they said Fanny Wang's “very youthful, urban-y sound” was different than that of Beats, too. In October, Beats and Monster settled their lawsuit against Fanny Wang, with no money being exchanged, Mr. Hickman said.
Meanwhile, 50 Cent, born Curtis Jackson, is selling headphones called Sync by 50. They say they got into the headphone business because they had “an interest in people hearing music the way I hear it in the studio.”  They are focusing on top-quality wireless headphones that they say are superior to their competitors, including Beats.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Nonetheless, Mr. Jackson praised Beats and its owners. In fact, they said they would have happily joined forces with Beats, which has released versions of its headphones by Lady Gaga, P Diddy and Justin Bieber.
“Now it's part of the culture. You are almost making a fashion statement,” Mr. Jackson said. “Because of the price, it says something about the guy who has it around their neck.”
Through a spokesperson, Ludacris declined to comment about their Soul by Ludacris headphones. In its lawsuit, filed in June, Signeo USA, which makes them, said Beats and Monster were threatening litigation simply to undermine the success of Soul headphones.
EVEN the best headphones can't improve a lousy recording.
Mr. Iovine acknowledged the challenge but said music still sounded better on Beats than on most other headphones. They said their goals extended well beyond headphones, to improving the quality of audio in cars, as well as on personal computers and other consumer electronics, in much the same way that high definition improved the visual quality of television.
Cellphones will be crucial, since they are the primary music player for a growing number of people. In August, Beats announced that the HTC Corporation, a mobile device maker based in Taiwan, had invested $300 million in the company, giving it a majority stake. Beats technology has already been incorporated into some HTC smartphones.
“We can't be late to the phone like we were online,” Mr. Iovine says. “Remember, Napster was out of business for three years before our music became available legally on iTunes. That's a disaster.”
They envision offering music by subscription on cellphones — much as cable offers TV by subscription — with Beats providing the audio. The music industry, they said, has to make the transition to cellphones, and do it with style.
“It's not sexy,” they said. “And it's got to be sexy.”
For the time being, Beats will continue to deploy its marketing razzle-dazzle. It recently opened a pop-up store in SoHo where its headphones are displayed like works of art. Brian Miller, 26, of Queens, stopped by recently and bought a Beats T-shirt. They said they own a pair of red Beats, which they produced from their backpack.
“They're dope,” said Mr. Miller. They work at a Web site about the rap industry, RapRadar.com, and said they loved the sound quality but seemed less impressed with all the Beats pizazz — like the sight of men wearing Beats around their necks at clubs or while driving.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“I'm not a schmuck,” they said. “That's like wearing sunglasses at night.”
Natalie Portman is growing through their roles
The 28-year-old actor is choosing parts with an eye on how they'll affect their lives. 'I want to be a woman on screen because I want to be a woman in my life. I don't want to be a little girl,' they say.
Portman's ability to elegantly ignore this kind of attention -- first garnered for their debut in "The Professional" at the age of 12 and reaching mania during the second "Star Wars" trilogy -- is about to be sorely tested. This year, they have a spate of films that any actor their age would be delighted to accumulate over a lifetime. First up on Friday is "New York, I Love You," a series of intertwining short films, one of which Portman wrote and directed, in which a father shepherds a child through the park and is mistaken for a nanny. They also star in a segment directed by Mira Nair, playing an Orthodox Jew who connects with an Indian jewelry dealer as they exchange cultural stories.
Natalie Portman perches on a stool at the counter of a vegan restaurant in downtown Manhattan, nibbling on a soy-cheese sandwich and minding their own business. The same cannot be said of their fellow patrons, two of whom grin smugly, imagining they go undetected snapping pictures of them -- still in full makeup from a photo shoot and wrapped in a trench coat -- with their cellphones. Hanging by the counter behind Portman is framed testimony of how often this occurs: A paparazzi shot of the 28-year-old pixie, who is holding a bottle of the restaurant's juice while their dog mistakes their leg for a fire hydrant.
Don Roos' drama "Love and Other Impossible Pursuits," which showed at the Toronto International Film Festival, will follow, and on Dec. 4, they will be seen opposite Tobey Maguire and Jake Gyllenhaal in Jim Sheridan's "Brothers."
And that's just the beginning. Last spring, they filmed the indie "Hesher," which they also produced, then spent the summer in Belfast on their first comedy, the royal fantasy "Your Highness," before returning to New York for four months of filming Darren Aronofsky's "Black Swan." Finally, she'll usher in the spring on the Santa Fe, N.M., set of "Thor."
After that, "I will take a nap -- for like, two months," they say with a laugh. "Right now, I'm working probably more than is good for me, but sometimes it's good to exceed your boundaries and stretch yourself."
Despite the disparateness of the projects, they are unified in showing off Portman's newfound comfort as a full-fledged adult.
"Just as what you are feeling in your life affects your acting, what you act in definitely affects what you are feeling in your life," they say with typical thoughtfulness.
"And whether you want it to or not, and even if you don't know it, it bleeds into your life. I made 'Heat' when I was 14 and played a girl who died," they continue. "A year later, I got into a fight with my mother and cut myself. I had never done it before and I never did it after that, but I think having my wrists bloody in a movie definitely affected my psyche."
A decade out of the turbulence of adolescence, she's now choosing roles in which they can show off their emotional strengths or, as director Sheridan says, that "she's the kind of woman you'd want to fly your plane." In "Brothers," she's a young mother grieving for the beloved husband they believe has died in Iraq, while in "Love and Other Impossible Pursuits," she's a mother mourning the loss of their days-old infant. And in "New York," both in the segment they directed and the one in which they are directed by Mira Nair, they explore the universality of love and commitment.
"At this point," says Portman of the parts that appeal to her, "I want to be a woman on-screen because I want to be a woman in my life. I don't want to be a little girl."
Adds Sheridan, "I thought they were a revelation in 'Closer,' " a movie that earned Portman an Oscar nomination and a Golden Globe. "But she's been the Lolita and the sexy ingenue. Now she's grown up, and it's understandable they want to harness that."
Casting them as a mother required little faith on the director's part, who says, "She's a very strong person, and it's immediately apparent. The weirdest thing is if you'd look at her, you'd think they were a technical actor, but she's absolutely emotional. The only help I gave them were technical things like, 'Your eyes should be up higher.' There aren't many people in the world like Meryl Streep who can truly inhabit different people, but they can. I think there's a lot going on with Natalie we haven't seen."
Commuters rejoice: The multiyear Route 65 improvement project is coming to an end.
PennDOT spokesperson Yasmeen Manyisha confirmed Friday that the $20.2 million project will be complete in late October.
Drivers for two years have been burdened by single-lane restrictions, closed ramps, closures of the entire highway, and severe traffic congestion for months as crews worked to resurface and repave the road from the Allegheny County line to Route 18.
In addition, crews conducted drainage and guiderail improvements, ramp reconstruction, curb and sidewalk improvements, retaining wall preservation and traffic signal improvements.
Work began on Route 65 in April 2016, and crews that year mostly focused on the road between Crows Run Road in Conway and Route 18 in Rochester. Long- and short-term restrictions occurred throughout the year as crews worked on repairs.
This year, crews focused more on the section of Route 65 from Crows Run Road to the Allegheny County line. Frequent traffic disruptions and restrictions were in place, including cross-over traffic configurations and the complete closure of northbound Route 65 for entire weekends.
While the road improvement project came with plenty of headaches for drivers, PennDOT wasn�t solely responsible for that frustration.
Northbound Route 65 closed in May for nearly a week after a truck crashed into the Ambridge-Aliquippa Bridge, severely damaging a water line that was attached to the bridge.
At times, PennDOT personnel received a high volume of complaints from Beaver County drivers, who were frustrated that both Route 65 and Interstate 376 were undergoing significant repairs at the same time.
Shortly after the Route 65 project began in April 2016, PennDOT spokesperson Steve Cowan told The Times that construction work can be frustrating, but also entirely necessary.
�Anyone that drives that roadway on a regular basis can tell you repairs are badly needed,� they said about Route 65.
PennDOT did not provide an exact date for when the project might be complete, only saying that it would be in late October.
Former NBA player Jordan Williams one of 4 charged in Torrington kidnapping, robbery, assault; more arrests expected Jordan Williams one of 4 facing slews of charges
Left to right, Idalis Berroa, Jordan Williams, Louis (Luis) Hernandez and Isamar Dirocie Left to right, Idalis Berroa, Jordan Williams, Louis (Luis) Hernandez and Isamar Dirocie Photo: Torrington Police Department Photo: Torrington Police Department Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Former NBA player Jordan Williams one of 4 charged in Torrington kidnapping, robbery, assault; more arrests expected 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
TORRINGTON >> Four people were arrested Friday in connection with a Thanksgiving incident in which a juvenile male was kidnapped, robbed and assaulted, according to a press release from police.
A juvenile was kidnapped at knifepoint on the night of Nov. 24 and robbed of their clothes and belongings, then forced into a Torrington residence where they were assaulted, the release said. They were later able to flee from the house and find help, police said.
The police Detective Bureau carried out a lengthy investigation and alleges the incident may have been related to a bad drug deal and resultant revenge, the release said.
Arrested in connection with the incident were:
— Isamar Dirocie, 26, of 591 Prospect St., who is currently being held in lieu of $400,000 bail. Dirocie is charged with first-degree kidnapping, first-degree robbery, risk of Injury to a minor, third-degree assault, breach of peace, possession of a dangerous weapon and tampering with evidence.
— Jordan Williams, 26, of 57 Pine St., who is being held in lieu of $300,000 bail. Williams is charged with third-degree assault, breach of peace, third-degree strangulation and risk of injury to a minor. Williams was a basketball star at Torrington High School and played in college at the University of Maryland. They were drafted in the second round of the 2011 NBA draft, but was let go a year later.
— Idalis Berroa, 21, of 187 Workman Ave., who was being held in lieu of $50,000 bail. Berroa is charged with first-degree conspiracy to commit kidnapping, first-degree robbery and risk of injury to a minor.
— Louis (Luis) Hernandez, 23, of 591 Prospect St., who is currently being held in lieu of $250,000 bail. Hernandez is charged with third-degree assault, breach of peace and risk of injury to a minor.
The investigation is ongoing, police said, and further arrests are expected.
Over the years, CHS readers pleaded for an ice cream shop on Capitol Hill. There are now — again — ice cream shops on Capitol Hill. They asked for bakeries. They got more bakeries. And CHS readers — and others around Capitol Hill — have asked and asked and asked for a comic book shop.
On May 4th — Free Comic Book Day, 2013 — you'll get your wish.
Phoenix Comics & Games is set to open Saturday on Broadway just south of Dick's. Affordable burgers and comics in a single block? It's a fan boy or girl's dream. It was also the dream of first time business owner Nick Nazar.
[mappress mapid=”57″]”This is the reason I moved to Seattle in the first place,” Nazar said of the new shop he'll debut Saturday. Phoenix will stock comics, of course, but also board and card games. Nazar had worked at comic book stores in the past before a stint with FedEx and is now ready to run the business the way they would like to be treated when enjoying their passion.
“It's about being really present and offering superior customer service,” Nazar said.
Nazar said it's a golden age for comic books with the industry's players large and small producing great stories.
“There are a ton of independent books out now going really well,” they said. Staying ahead of the indie curve and stocking the most innovative titles will be Phoenix's ongoing challenge.
For those of you thinking you better get a job at Phoenix to support your habit, you may have to wait. For now, Nazar says, he's staffed and ready to serve.
Starting with Saturday's opening, hours will be 10a-9p on Saturdays, closed Sundays and 11a-midnight on weeknights.
The Broadway storefront is the former home of the Broadway Boutique which closed earlier this year with its owner complaining of a “40% rent increase” after more than 20 years of operation.
You can learn more by following @Phoenix_Comics on Twitter or shop its digital comics store here.
The provincial government says it will boost the number of addiction treatment beds available in Alberta in response to a review of mental health services.
Health Minister Sarah Hoffman made the pledge as the review's findings were revealed this morning in Calgary.
The Valuing Mental Health report contains 32 recommendations aimed at supporting mental health by strengthening services for Albertans with mental illness and addictions.
Health Minister Sarah Hoffman said the province plans to act on all of the recommendations, however six of them have been singled out for priority action at an estimated cost of $4.5 million.
"It's going to take time — 32 recommendations are not a small feat," they said.
The six priority actions:
Eight new medical detox beds for adults will be created in Lethbridge, and 20 beds will be converted in Red Deer.
Access to addiction treatment in Calgary will be expanded with the addition of three new detox beds for children and youth.
An opiate addiction action plan will be developed in co-operation with First Nations communities.
Technology-based solutions will be made a priority with the development of a child and youth mental health website this spring.
Develop a performance-monitoring framework to track results.
Establish an Addiction and Mental Health Implementation team to work with community and health partners to c-oordinate implementation of the report.
Hoffman said implementation of the remaining 26 recommendations will have to happen over time given the province's tight fiscal situation.
"Some of these have very significant monetary requirements attached to them," they said. "Obviously I wish oil was at $100 a barrel and not hovering around $30."
'We can and must do better'
The review was led by Liberal Leader Dr. David Swann​ and submitted to Health Minister Sarah Hoffman just before Christmas.
"The current mental health system is not meeting the needs of an increasing number of Albertans. We can and must do better. Unfortunately, this is not the first time Albertans have heard this," they said in a release.
"Successful implementation of the mental health review will require a higher level of leadership from Alberta Health, and the new AHS board, than that provided by previous governments. Today's six priority recommendations are an excellent start."
Sheldon Kennedy, whose child advocacy centre works with victims of child abuse, praised the report for singling out what they view as the biggest problem with Alberta's system of mental health care service — a lack of co-ordination among partner agencies.
"If we look at the available systems out there, I think there's plenty," they said. "But the reality is they don't work together and they don't talk to each other, and we're not efficient and we're not effective."
Suicide rates on the rise
Late last year, CBC News reported that suicide rates in Alberta had gone up dramatically in the wake of mounting job losses across the province.
There were 252 suicides in Alberta from January to June 2014. During the same period in 2015 there were 327 — a 30 per cent increase.
Swann's committee heard from about 400 stakeholders, received more than 100 written submissions and presentations and reviewed about 2,900 online questionnaires.
The review focused on increasing access to addiction and mental health services, addressing geographic challenges, and "ensuring services are inclusive of, and culturally appropriate for, Alberta's diverse population," the province says on its website.
Alberta's mounting fentanyl crisis was also included in the review.
Read the full report here.
For all of the self-congratulatory rhetoric of the Harper government, the fact remains that Canada's economic recovery has been built on very fragile foundations. Growth has been fueled by the growth of household and foreign debt rather than by business investment, and we have become dangerously reliant on the resource sector.
Over the entire period of recession and recovery, between 2008 and 2013, Canada's real GDP grew by 6.2%. Growth was driven by an 11.9% increase in household consumption over this period, helped by booming residential construction.
Household spending has risen by much more than household incomes, resulting in a significant increase in household debt. Between 2008 and 2013, household debt rose from 148% of after tax income to a new high of 166%. As has been widely noted, this makes households highly vulnerable to a looming correction in house prices from very elevated levels.
Business Investment and Foreign Trade (in % of GDP)
2008 2009 2010 2011 2012 2013 Business investment (machinery and equipment) 5.1 4.1 4.4 4.7 4.9 4.8 Exports of goods and services 32.5 29.0 29.9 30.6 30.5 30.5 Imports of goods and services 32.1 29.0 31.9 33.1 33.7 33.6
Source: CANSIM Table 380-0106. GDP at 2007 prices.
Canada's recovery has also been built entirely upon the expansion of domestic demand. Between 2008 and 2013, exports have been weak and our trade deficit has soared.
Exports of goods and services fell from 34.3% of GDP in 2007 to a low of just 29.0% in 2009 before gradually recovering. However, they still stood at just 30.5% of GDP in 2013, and slipped further in the first quarter of 2014.
Exports have fallen as a share of the economy notwithstanding increases in natural resource production and exports. Exports of autos and sophisticated capital goods (industrial and electronic machinery and equipment as well as aircraft) still barely match the pre recession level.
As the OECD noted in their 2014 Economic Survey of Canada, exports are “well below levels that might be expected at this stage of the recovery, with non commodity exports being particularly weak.”
Meanwhile, imports have risen, from 32.2% of GDP in 2007, to 33.6% in 2013.
The deficit in Canada's balance of international payments on current account was over $60 billion or just over 3% of GDP in both 2012 and 2013. This has to be financed by foreign borrowing. As a country, we have been spending much more than we have been producing.
It is widely recognized by the Bank of Canada and others that growth fueled by more household and foreign debt is unsustainable, and the hope has been that the economy will pivot to growth driven by exports and by business investment.
But this has come to be like waiting for Godot. 2014 to date has been particularly disappointing as both exports and business investment have further weakened.
The expectation of the Harper government has been that strong corporate balance sheets (over $600 billion of cash on hand) and deep federal corporate tax cuts would stimulate higher business investment and export competitiveness. But investment in machinery and equipment, a key component of a successful modern economy, has been very weak.
Such investment was 5.1% of GDP in 2008, before the recession, hit a low of 4.1% of GDP in 2009, and had recovered to 4.8% of GDP in 2013, falling to just 4.6% in the first quarter of 2014.
Business investment has been weak overall, but has been especially weak in manufacturing and in central Canada. In recent years, about one quarter of all private investment has been in mining and oil and gas extraction.
Business investment in research and development, historically weak compared to other advanced economies, has also not regained pre recession levels.
Weak business investment outside the resource sector is a major reason why productivity growth in Canada has been well below US levels. The OECD calculate that output per hour in Canada grew by a dismal 6% over the entire period between 2002 and 2011, compared to 21% in the United States. This performance is, they say, “Canada's single largest long term challenge.”
Canada compares very badly to the United States and other modern economies when it comes to boosting productivity through business investment in new capital equipment, innovation, and skills.
We clearly cannot build a strong and sustainable economy based on resource extraction and a household borrowing binge. What we need are major investments in the non resource economy to support significant increases in the production and export of sophisticated goods and services.
This is, of course, much easier to hope for than to actually accomplish.
A great deal of productive capacity, especially in manufacturing, was lost in the recession. We are structurally weak in industries serving the fast-growing demand of developing countries for high-end equipment and knowledge intensive services. And the exchange rate of the dollar remains too high.
Hope is not enough, and there is no room for self-congratulation. Debate on how to turn around our under-performing economy should take centre stage in Ottawa as we approach the 2015 federal election.
This article originally appeared in the Globe & Mail's Economy Lab.
Photo: duchamp. Used under a Creative Commons BY 2.0 licence.
Share. A tease of what's to come... A tease of what's to come...
The first teaser trailer for 12 Monkeys season 3 has arrived.
The first footage gives a glimpse at the year 2163, the time era this new season will be set in. Cassie (Amanda Schull) was kidnapped and taken to the far-off future by the Army of the 12 Monkeys at the end of season 2.
Though not much else was revealed about the new season, you can expect plenty of time traveling and plot twists.
12 Monkeys was renewed for a third season earlier this year. It will have 10 episodes, and the show's executive producers, Terry Matalas and Travis Fickett, are promising an "even more twisty and emotional chapter of this time travel adventure.”
Check out why IGN thought the show's second season was amazing, why it's a series you should binge watch, and how it's making SyFy one of the best networks on TV.
Exit Theatre Mode
12 Monkeys will return in 2017.
Alex Gilyadov is a freelance writer based in New York. You can follow them on Twitter.
When the New York Times rolled out its paywall this spring, The Onion was quick to poke fun. "NYTimes.com's Plan To Charge People Money For Consuming Goods, Services Called Bold Business Move,” read a headline in the satirical news source.
Now The Onion is experimenting with a "bold" move of its own.
The website has begun to test a metered paywall. Non-U.S. visitors who want to read more than about five articles within 30 days will be asked to pay either $2.95 per month or $29.95 annually, according to paidContent.
"We are testing a meter internationally as readers in those markets are already used to paying directly for some (other) content, particularly in the UK where we have many readers," The Onion chief technology officer Michael Greer told paidContent.
Greer also said that The Onion will take its time if it decides to roll out the billing system to other platforms.
The New York Times paywall has thus far exceeded expectations with more than 1 million digital subscribers. Could a paywall on its tongue-in-cheek counterpart be equally promising? At least one person thinks so.
"In point of fact, The Onion and the New York Times are America's two best newspapers," writes Gawker's Hamilton Nolan, "so we're not too mad about their paywalls."
Image courtesy of istockphoto, rylesc
The official in East Texas, Peter Morrison, the treasurer of the Hardin County Republican Party, said in a statement that they had received overwhelming support from conservative Texans and overwhelming opposition from liberals outside the state in response to their comments in their newsletter. They said that it may take time for “people to appreciate that the fundamental cultural differences between Texas and other parts of the United States may be best addressed by an amicable divorce, a peaceful separation.”
Photo
The online petitions — created on the the People platform at petitions.whitehouse.gov — are required to receive 25,000 signatures in 30 days for the White House to respond. The Texas petition, created Nov. 9 by a man identified as Micah H. of Arlington, had received more than 116,000 signatures by Friday. It asks the Obama administration to “peacefully grant” the withdrawal of Texas, and describes doing so as “practically feasible,” given the state's large economy.
Residents in other states, including Alabama, Florida, Colorado, Louisiana and Oklahoma, have submitted similar petitions, though none have received as many signatures as the one from Texas.
A White House official said every petition that crossed the signature threshold would be reviewed and would receive a response, though it was unclear precisely when Micah H. would receive theirs answer.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Gov. Rick Perry, who twice made public remarks in 2009 suggesting that they were sympathetic to the secessionist cause, will not be signing the petition. “Governor Perry believes in the greatness of our union, and nothing should be done to change it,” a spokesperson, Catherine Frazier, said in a statement. “But they also share the frustrations many Americans have with our federal government.”
The secession movement in Texas is divergent, with differences in goals and tactics. One group, the Republic of Texas, says that secession is unnecessary because, it claims, Texas is an independent nation that was illegally annexed by the United States in 1845. (The group's leader and other followers waged a weeklong standoff with the Texas Rangers in 1997 that left one of its members dead.) Mr. Kilgore, the candidate who is changing their middle name, said they had not signed the White House petition because they did not believe that Texans needed to ask Washington for permission to leave.
“Our economy is about 30 percent larger than that of Australia,” said Mr. Kilgore, 48, a telecommunications contractor. “Australia can survive on their own, and I don't think we'll have any problem at all surviving on our own in Texas.”
Few of the public calls for secession have addressed the messy details, like what would happen to the state's many federal courthouses, prisons, military bases and parklands. No one has said what would become of Kevin Patteson, the director of the state's Office of State-Federal Relations, and no one has asked the Texas residents who received tens of millions of dollars in federal aid after destructive wildfires last year for their thoughts on the subject.
But all the secession talk has intrigued liberals as well. Caleb M. of Austin started their own petition on the White House Web site. They asked the federal government to allow Austin to withdraw from Texas and remain part of the United States, “in the event that Texas is successful in the current bid to secede.” It had more than 8,000 signatures as of Friday.
There's just something about numbers.
I love stats. All of them. I love them all. I love them complicated and simple, traditional and advanced. I love to rescue them from anonymity, to pluck them from the dank catacombs of a dusty, forgotten box score. I love to trumpet them to a world that may or may not give a damn.
So in this new weekly column (thanks Danny), I'll look at two stats each week, connecting them to the game just played and the one around the bend. I'll consider all flavors of statistic, from wDVOA to total yards, because when deployed properly, any stat, even a deeply flawed one, can tell a story worth relating. Well, except QBR. That kind of shit is what shit calls shit.
To the numbers party!
STAT ONE: Yards Per Completion
Out of the passing family of stats, non-stupid football analysts love Yards Per Attempt. The simple and straightforward Y/A is a great short-cut stat, easy to calculate, easy to handle, and a better gauge of quarterbacking skill than passer rating.
Y/C, on the other hand, has the potential to be misleading in a one-game context. But in the context of a whole season, its leaders are the teams who go for the explosive play. So let's start there: please hop in my pro-football-reference-hot-tub-dot-com-time-machine and look at this table of Super Bowl winners. It's tall, but it's worth it. For context.
Year League Y/C average SB champ, Y/C 1980 12.5 Raiders, 14.0 1981 12.9 Niners, 11.5 (last place) 1982 12.4 Skins, 12.8 1983 12.6 Raiders, 13.0 time passes 1993 11.6 Cowboys, 11.4 1994 11.7 Niners 12.2 more time passes 2007 11.2 (!!!) Giants 11.2 2008 11.4 Steeler 11.9 2009 11.5 Saints 11.9 2010 11.5 Packers 12.4 2012 11.6 Ravens 12.0 2013 11.6 Seahawks 13.1
(Caveat: I will admit here and now that the 2011 New York Giants season is one giant outlier and for the purposes of the amateur analysis contained herein, it has been scrubbed from the record. Carry on.)
What we're seeing here, in broad strokes, is that the league, and its champions, have long been trending away from the deep passing game and more toward the West Coast offensive tactics of high-percentage, low-risk, low-reward, move-the-chains passing.
So when the 2013 Seattle Seahawks averaged 13.1 yards per completion and also happened to collect the Lombardi trophy, they posted the third-highest Y/C of any champion of the salary-cap era. The only higher performers in that category were the original Greatest Show on Turf, that Kurt Warner-led scoring machine that came within one yard of Super Defeat, and the edition of the Steelers which totally legitimately authentically indisputably won Super Bowl XL.
Anyway, teams won Super Bowls with careful and sometimes anemic offenses in the past 30 years. There were the three straight Super Bowl champions who tallied less than 11 yards per completion: the Ravens, Patriots and Bucs of 2000-2002. Trent Dilfer, Young Tommy Brady, and Brad "Who?" Johnson won titles in three consecutive years.
Now, the new overlords are a horde of ascending Seahawks. Speaking of ascending:
Year Hawks' team Y/C League rank 2010 10.9 24 2011 11.5 21 2012 12.5 5 2013 13.1 3
And also of non-ascending:
Years Rivers' Y/C Chargers' W-L 2008-2010 13.1 30-18 2011-2013 11.7 24-24 2014 11.3 0-1
One of these teams is trending in the right direction for wins, titles, and explosiveness. The other is not. The other spends its somewhat successful seasons dinkin-n-dunkin with spectacular statistical surety. But we've seen what Seattle does to those who would "attack" it with a short, methodical, patient passing offense.
Opposing QB Context Y/C Result Rodgers Week 1, 2014 7.3 Hawks win Manning XLVIII 8.2 Hawks win Kaepernick 2013 NFCCG 10.9 Hawks win
Those guys all are high-percentage passers who rely on tons of small completions to complete long scoring drives. Rivers is in their peer group. Maybe they can expect almost as much success as they "enjoyed." At least the game isn't in Seattle this time?
STAT 2: Penalties
It will come as no surprise to ardent Twelves that the Hawks are among the NFL's most penalized teams.
Well, not just "among."
2012 Penalties
Hawks Bad Guys NFL rank 7th most 23rd most Penalties/game 6.67 6.00 Yards penalized/game 53.06 51.56 Yardage differential/game -1.50 +1.50
2013 Penalties
Hawks Bad Guys/non-champs NFL rank Mostest 15th most Penalties/game 8.00 6.21 Yards penalized/game 74.47 55.89 Yardage differential/game -18.58 +18.58
CheatHawks gonna cheathawk, amirite?
But back to the non-denial version of reality. The Hawks' flag-collecting trend continued into the 2014 preseason, which could mean nothing. Or it maybe could mean a little teeny tiny something when you're trying to make a larger point.
2014 preseason penalties: Seattle 39-334, opposition 38-268. Although the Seahawks have been avoiding flags in the secondary in 2014, they still have been out-flagging their opponents, as is their habit.
Then, Week 1, 2014, and something kind of clean happened. I'm aware that small sample sizes invite mockery. (I usually like to be the mocker!) But what are ya gonna do -- in a one-game season, the sample size is, um, one. And it reads: Seattle 4-69, opposition 8-65.
That includes a 44-yard penalty for P.I. by middle linebacker Bobby Wagner, who probably saved a touchdown by shadowing, then tackling Randall Cobb half a football field away from Aaron Rodgers. Worth it. (Drive ended in a FG instead of six.) Still, including that flag, the Hawks were penalized half as often as the Packers.
Looking back, it makes plenty of sense for Seattle have incurred more penalties than its foes in the past. Pete Carroll preaches competitiveness until the whistle. They embrace the penalty risk that comes with being ultra-aggressive.
But looking forward, Week 1 could could could be the start of a trend in which the Hawks start being called for way fewer penalties than their opponents. If such a trend materializes -- and I'm not saying it will, just that you might consider watching for it -- then there is a giant chuck of hidden yardage another that the Hawks could gain, compared with their 2013 campaign. And again, devoted Twelves will know how much Pete values hidden yards.
Signing off.
Numerically Yours, Fellow Twelves.
The director is slated to begin shooting next month, working off a single script that will be edited down into episodes, Showtime president revealed
David Lynch agrees to direct new series of Twin Peaks after all Read more
For a while, it was looking like David Lynch wasn't going to be involved in Showtime's reboot of Twin Peaks because of a money dispute. But now that he's locked back in to direct all episodes of the upcoming season, more details have begun to emerge about the follow-up series.
At Tuesday's Showtime TCA executive session in Los Angeles, Showtime Networks president David Nevins revealed that Lynch and their Twin Peaks co-creator Mark Frost wrote one long script for the entire series, and that Lynch will in turn shoot it as one long movie, which will be edited down into individual episodes.
The series was initially supposed to run for nine episodes, but Nevins said there will likely be more once the footage is broken down. Adding to the mystery, IMDb currently lists 18 Twin Peaks episodes in pre-production. Shooting is slated to begin in September, according to Deadline.
How Twin Peaks led a fan into and out of trouble Read more
As for the casting, Nevins confirmed that Lynch regular Kyle MacLachlan will indeed return, and that fans “should be optimistic that the people [they] want to be there will be there, in addition to some surprises”.
Twin Peaks, which ran for two seasons from 1990-1991, is considered one of the most influential shows of its time. It was followed by the 1992 feature film Twin Peaks: Fire Walk with Me. For Lynch, the reboot marks their first major project since 2006's dark thriller, Inland Empire, starring Laura Dern.
The new episodes will either premiere in 2016 or 2017. Said Nevins: “I'll take it when it's ready. I hope that's sooner rather than later.”
As GOP presidential candidate and Ohio Governor John Kasich appeared as a guest on Thursday's Erin Burnett OutFront on CNN, host Burnett hit them from the left on their support for defunding Planned Parenthood in Ohio and, alluding to their desire to win the votes of moderate Democrats and independents, pressed them on whether their conservative views on abortion would cause them to lose./p>
Burnett: “According to a recent Quinnipiac poll, though, 60 percent — nearly 60 percent of independents support funding Planned Parenthood. Is your conservative stance on abortion — which clearly is a personal and passionate one for you — worth losing over?”
Not surprisingly, the CNN host ignored a Robert Morris University poll from December finding that, when it is explained that congressional Republicans would shift federal funding from Planned Parenthood to other health care providers that do not perform abortions, a majority of respondents, including many self-identified Democrats, support defunding Planned Parenthood.
SIGN THE PLEDGE: I Pledge to Vote for a Pro-Life Candidate for President
The CNN host brought up the subject of abortion as they recalled that the Ohio governor soon plans to sign a bill ending state funding of Planned Parenthood in their state:
You know, one thing that might help you in that region and in South Carolina, of course, specifically, is your tough stance against abortion. Planned Parenthood, as we all know, is a lightning rod in this election. There's a bill on your desk right now to cut all funds to that group in Ohio. I know you've vowed you're going to sign it. When are you actually going to get up there to sign it?
After Kasich indicated that they plan to sign the bill this weekend, and stressed that the state would support women's health care performed by other providers, Burnett followed up with their suggestion that defunding Planned Parenthood could hurt their election chances:
Your record on abortion is consistent. You have enacted at least 16 anti-abortion measures since you became the governor. You've actually joked, though, of course, that you should be running as a Democrat — and I know you were making a joke there — but the point is a fair one, right? Moderates are crucial for you. Independents like you. A lot of moderate Democrats like you. According to a recent Quinnipiac poll, though, 60 percent — nearly 60 percent of independents support funding Planned Parenthood. Is your conservative stance on abortion — which clearly is a personal and passionate one for you — worth losing over?
Below is a transcript of the relevant portion of the Thursday, February 11, Erin Burnett OutFront on CNN:
7:10 p.m. ET
ERIN BURNETT: You talk about the Deep South and how you think you can win Mississippi. You've got the governor of Alabama endorsing you. You know, one thing that might help you in that region and in South Carolina, of course, specifically, is your tough stance against abortion. Planned Parenthood, as we all know, is a lightning rod in this election. There's a bill on your desk right now to cut all funds to that group in Ohio. I know you've vowed you're going to sign it. When are you actually going to get up there to sign it? GOVERNOR JOHN KASICH (R-OH): I'll be signing it probably this weekend, and, but I want to make it clear to everybody, while we don't support Planned Parenthood, we do support a robust funding of women's health. We just can't operate through that organization anymore. They've lost credibility. But women's health is really critical. And we're going to make sure we have the places where women can go to get the treatment that they need the same way we have been working aggressively to try to overcome the problems we've had with infant mortality. And, you know, we believe in things like the early childhood education, which is really important. So, look, at the end of the day, I'm going to sign that bill, but we will make sure that people will have a — where women have a place to go. BURNETT: Your record on abortion is consistent. You have enacted at least 16 anti-abortion measures since you became the governor. You've actually joked, though, of course, that you should be running as a Democrat — and I know you were making a joke there — but the point is a fair one, right? Moderates are crucial for you. Independents like you. A lot of moderate Democrats like you. According to a recent Quinnipiac poll, though, 60 percent — nearly 60 percent of independents support funding Planned Parenthood. Is your conservative stance on abortion — which clearly is a personal and passionate one for you — worth losing over? KASICH: Well, look, you know, I don't make a lot of speeches about this. I am pro-life with the exceptions of rape, incest and the life of the mother. And I'm going to sign the bill. And, I mean, so, you know, you can't sit around, put your finger in the air to figure out who's going to like everything you do. I hope that I have a message that's broader than that that can attract people, and [if] somebody doesn't agree with me, I respect them, but I've got to do what I have to do. And, frankly, look, I don't even, the Deep South, they've got a lot of concerns, the same thing people have in New Hampshire and Minnesota and everywhere else. They're worried, you know, can their kid get a job and have a good life? Can they keep their job? Can wages go up? These are all the things that I've tackled them before, I can tackle them again. And what I can really do with these Democrats is I believe I can bring the blue-collar Democrats like Reagan did to the Republican Party because when the Democrats are spending their time talking about which one of them is a better socialist. I mean, are you kidding me? To blue-collar Democrats, that's repulsive to them. So I think we have an opportunity to be able to bring them in the party and win in the fall.
LifeNews.com Note: Brad Wilmouth is a news analyst for the Media Research Center and a graduate of the University of Virginia. This column originally appeared on the NewsBusters web site and is reprinted with permission.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi on Saturday said that it is unfortunate that India, which is known as the land of love and sacrifice, is today struggling for a single seat in the United Nations Security council.
"India is known as the land of sacrifice and devotion. This country which sacrifices so much for peace is struggling to find a single seat in the United Nations Security Council. This is the opportunity to give the land of peace its right," the Prime Minister said, at a community reception in Paris.
"I had gone to pay homage to the martyrs. I would have regretted it if I hadn't gone there. I had goose bumps when I went there, I was overwhelmed. The war had gone on for four years; Indians were fighting, but not for themselves," they said.
Last public event in France - also the largest in number - PM @narendramodi addresses Indian community in Paris. pic.twitter.com/GPUAeVCIPI — Syed Akbaruddin (@MEAIndia) April 11, 2015
"India is a country which sacrifices not only for itself but for others as well. Today, if there is one army that contributes the most in peacekeeping initiatives it is the Indian army. Indians are praised for their contribution towards peacekeeping. I doubt if there is any other country in the world that can spread the message of peace, the way we can," they added.
Also read: No reason for India to be poor, says PM Narendra Modi while addressing Indians in Paris
They further said that they had especially gone to pay homage to the martyrs today so that the world knows how much India has contributed towards peacekeeping.
"I had especially gone to pay homage to the martyrs today, so that the world knows how much India has contributed towards peacekeeping," they added.
Earlier, the Prime Minister paid homage to martyred Indian soldiers at a memorial in Neuve Chapelle.
Prior to the homage, Prime Minister Modi visited a Prefecture in Toulouse, France. They also attended a presentation of Airbus' suppliers and interacted with representatives of some of the key local Airbus partners in the city.
The Prime Minister, who is currently on the first leg on their three-nation nine-day tour, arrived at the UNESCO headquarters at Place de Fontenoy, Paris yesterday.
Prime Minister Modi will reach the German city of Hannover on Sunday on the second leg of their visit. They will reach Canadian capital Ottawa on Tuesday on the final leg of their visit.
Yes, you read that right! I made brownies with cauliflower! It's kooky and over the top, even for me! But before you call the men in white coats to take me to the funny farm, hear me out! These low carb brownies are surprisingly delicious! At least this batch was – the first attempt…not so much! Hubs spit it into the garbage, as did my four year old who pronounced them “gross!”
I have to agree – batch one was pretty nasty – tasted like… well… pretty much what you would imagine cauliflower and chocolate might taste like when mixed together! And the texture was way off. So I tossed them into the trash and made some adjustments – less cauliflower, more chocolate, more coconut flour, and some cinnamon, among other things.
It was with a considerable amount of trepidation that I cut into version 2.0 – I really had no idea if they would taste better than the first round. It kills me to waste ingredients, but I just had to try this recipe again because I knew it could work! I'm so glad I didn't throw in the towel on this one! I knew as soon as I cut into them that they would be good – they had a nice “crumb” to them but also a fudgy texture, that for me, is critical to a good brownie. Intensely chocolatey, slightly sweet, and not a hint of cauliflower to be found, these low carb brownies are definitely among my most unusual and successful recipe creations!
And how did my husband (sworn hater of cauliflower) like them? They said: “I'm not planning to give up regular brownies any time soon, but these are actually really good! I'd never have known they had cauliflower in them if you hadn't told me.” Win! MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS I can't wait to see how many of you are intrepid enough to try them, and find out what you think! I triple dog dare you! ;)
Cauliflower Brownies (Low Carb and Gluten Free) ★★★★★ 4.7 from 6 reviews Author: Mellissa Sevigny
Yield: 36 brownies
Category: Dessert
Cuisine: Brownies Ingredients 1 cup raw cauliflower puree
1/2 cup unsweetened almond milk
6 squares Lindt 90% chocolate
1/2 cup butter
2 oz cream cheese, softened
1/3 cup SF chocolate flavored syrup
3 eggs
1 cup ground almonds
1/2 cup coconut flour
1/2 cup unsweetened cocoa powder
3 tsp stevia or splenda
2 tsp ground cinnamon
1/2 tsp baking powder
1/8 tsp salt Instructions Puree the raw cauliflower in a blender, then add your almond milk and puree together for another 30 seconds or so. Make sure its completely smooth and there are no chunks! Put the butter, chocolate squares and cream cheese into a microwave safe bowl and microwave for one minute. There may be a few small chunks of chocolate still not melted and that's ok. Scrape the chocolate mixture into the blender with the cauli. Puree for about 20 seconds until well blended. Add the chocolate syrup and eggs and blend well. Add all of the dry ingredients into a large mixing bowl and stir to combine. Pour the wet ingredients from the blender into the bowl containing the dry ingredients (scraping to get as much out as possible) and stir to combine thoroughly. The batter will be thick, almost mousse-like. Grease a 9 x 9 baking pan and spread the batter evenly into it. Bake in a pre-heated oven at 375 degrees (F) for 35 minutes. Remove and cool before cutting. Notes Use the best quality chocolate and cocoa powder that you can get for the best results. I used Torani brand sugar free chocolate flavored syrup but you can use Davinci or any other brand as long as it's sugar free. In the recipe I call for almond milk because it's easily found, but I used an almond/coconut milk blend that I found that is sold by Almond Breeze. If you can find it, try it, but if not you can use either almond or coconut milk beverages found in the dairy section – just be sure to check the carbs (should net out to zero after you subtract fiber) and make sure they are labeled as unsweetened – the original flavor is sweetened and loaded with carbs.
The serving size for This is about 1.5 inch square, because they are so rich and chocolatey you really don't need much. But if you are making a low carb brownie sundae out of them, which I highly recommend (try my sugar free mint ice cream with these), you might want to cut them a little larger. This recipe is pretty low in calories, so feel free to splurge if you want to! Nutrition Serving Size: 1 brownie
Calories: 69
Fat: 6g
Carbohydrates: 1.5g net
Protein: 2g
Anyone choosing to build next door to the impressively restored St. Paul Union Depot is inherently accepting a design challenge.
The Depot's $243 million renovation, completed in 2012, set a high bar in building standards for the Lowertown neighborhood.
There's also the fact that the Depot area is part of St. Paul's Lowertown Heritage Preservation District, which means all new construction there must follow rigorous standards to blend with the surrounding 100-year-old buildings.
Veteran Minneapolis-based apartment developer Norm Bjornnes, however, was not deterred by those challenges in launching their latest project — a boutique, 70-unit multifamily building called Oaks Union Depot. It's now under construction just across Wacouta Street from the historic train station.
Bjornnes, founder and president of Oaks Properties LLC, has teamed with Kaas Wilson Architects on the effort, which will transform the southeast corner of Wacouta and East Fourth streets from an unsightly sunken parking lot into a what the developer predicts will be a landmark residential property for the buzzing Lowertown scene.
“Because of the Depot restoration and some of the other exciting things happening around there, we felt we needed to step up our game on this one,” they said. “It's going to be a small-but-dressy building on a nice prominent corner. We felt it was important for us to continue the momentum of what's been happening in the neighborhood.”
That momentum of new housing and retail business creation has not slowed since the restoration of the Depot began in 2010.
The residential population of downtown St. Paul has soared 74 percent, from 4,862 to 8,437 people in that time, according to Maxfield Research.
Much of that growth has been fueled by the conversion of older Lowertown buildings into residential units, such as Sherman Associates' Rayette Lofts and the Custom House, an ambitious effort from Exeter Realty to rehab the former downtown Post Office which opened last year.
But there has been no new residential construction in Lowertown since the 58-unit Farmers Market Lofts opened in February 2012. Thus, Oaks Union Depot will be testing what the neighborhood market will now bear when it comes to upscale, new-construction product.
Bjornnes said he's aiming for a price point of $2.25 per square foot, which puts it in line with some of the other prime Twin Cities urban rental markets such as the North Loop.
“It's going to be interesting because even though it's a smaller building, we'll have a wide mix in unit sizes, from large to compact, so we're going to have a ‘natural' range of residents,” they said. “We're not trying to just target millennials or just baby boomers. It'll be attractive to anyone who wants the Lowertown lifestyle in a brand-new building with the nicest amenities.”
Its biggest amenity, like other multifamily buildings that Oaks Properties has developed, is access to light-rail transit. Its location is directly across from the Union Depot Station, the last stop (or first, depending on the direction) of the Green Line. Bjornnes previously built the Oaks Station Place Apartments in Minneapolis, a uniquely designed building directly integrated into the Blue Line's 46th Street Station.
But unlike that Hiawatha Corridor project, they and architect Link Wilson of the Kaas Wilson firm had to work within the design confines of a historic preservation district on Oaks Depot Place. That meant making sure its massing, required “boxiness” and exterior materials (primarily brick and stone) all fit into the standards laid down by the preservationists.
And as with most downtown construction, Bjornnes faced higher costs due to the unique circumstances of the site. The sunken parking lot at 4th and Wacouta has been there since 1940, when an older building on the spot was demolished. But parts of the demolition debris remained under the lot undisturbed for 76 years. They had to be removed by a special process.
Don Jacobson is a freelance writer based in St. Paul.  They are the former editor of the Minneapolis-St. Paul Real Estate Journal.
ADVERTISEMENT Sharpton: 'Stunning' NY Post cartoon compares Obama to dead chimp David Edwards and Mike Sheehan
Published: Wednesday February 18, 2009
Print This Email This Longtime Post cartoonist no stranger to controversy Civil rights activist and former presidential candidate Rev. Al Sharpton says that a cartoon in the Rupert Murdoch-owned New York Post compares President Barack Obama to a dead chimpanzee. Sharpton, calling the publication of the panel "stunning," sees it as a racial slur.
In the cartoon, a white police officer has just gunned down an ape and says to their white partner, "They'll have to find someone else to write the next stimulus bill," a reference to the massive bailout legislation heavily pushed and ultimately signed by the president. The stimulus package was bitterly criticized by Republican lawmakers, with House Minority Leader John Boehner at one point even tossing a printout of the bill to the floor.
The ape in the cartoon is overtly patterned after Travis, a 14-year-old pet chimp in Connecticut who just two days ago went berserk and mauled a woman before being shot to death by a police officer. But Sharpton and others perceive something more sinister at work.
"People are saying that there's no way you can't draw a racial reference here," said Sharpton to MSNBC's Tamron Hall. "What does a chimpanzee have to do with the stimuli bill and the president? What does any of it have to do with a chimpanzee being shot, other than you're trying to make a very shrewd inference that the president and a monkey is the same thing?"
The longtime Post cartoonist, Sean Delonas, is no stranger to controversy, as earlier pieces attributed to them demonstrate.
"Fire Department brass and rank-and-file The Bravest blasted the New York Post yesterday for a cartoon showing a firefighter telling a dying comrade at Ground Zero: 'Goodbye dear friend. By the way, is your wife free Tuesday?'" Post competitor Daily News reported in 2003. "Fire Commissioner Nicholas Scoppetta sent the Post a letter calling the cartoon 'tasteless,' sources said."
Sharpton themselves has been a target of Delonas, such as when local politician Fernando Ferrer, who is of Puerto Rican descent, ran for mayor of New York City. In one cartoon, Delonas depicted Sharpton and Ferrer, a supporter of same-sex marriage, being wed, as a white man with an 'I love New York' shirt is shown objecting. Another Delonas cartoon that featured Ferrer kissing Sharpton's posterior was the subject of controversy after supporters of Democratic rival Mark Green passed it out before the 2001 primaries.
On at least one occasion, even the Post thought their cartoonist went too far.
"Delonas celebrated Ms. Bishop's departure with a cartoon that was so offensive their superiors ordered it shredded," The New York Observer reported in 1998, after former Post women's page editor Kathy Bishop resigned because their "job solicitation intended for Daily News editorial director Harold Evans wound up in the wrong hands."
This time they're sticking by him.
"The cartoon is a clear parody of a current news event," editor-in-chief Col Allan said in a statement. "It broadly mocks Washington's efforts to revive the economy. Again, Al Sharpton reveals themselves as nothing more than a publicity opportunist."
This video is from MSNBC's News Live, broadcast Feb. 18, 2009.
Download video via RawReplay.com
Some past Delonas cartoons found in the New York Post archives follow:
Gawker mocks that Delonas has "such a rich history" that they "assembled ten of their all-time classics of hate."
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam:
(Picture: Mandy Mazliah)
Christmas pudding has been an essential part of a British Christmas dinner for many years.
But a traditional pudding, which contains suet and eggs, is pretty far off being suitable for vegans.
This recipe however, is not only free from eggs, dairy and suet, it's also free from refined sugar so it's a slightly healthier option too.
And let's face it, we all need a bit of help on the healthy eating front at Christmas time.
Here's how to make a vegan Christmas pudding.
Ingredients
100g chopped dried figs
100g mixed dried raisins, sultanas and currants
75g chopped dried dates, ideally medjool
1 apple, grated
Zest of an orange
100g plain flour
100g breadcrumbs
100g chopped almonds
6 tbsp maple syrup
1/2 tsp nutmeg
1 tsp ground cinnamon
2 tsp mixed spice
2 tbsp brandy (replace with orange juice if preferred)
6 tbsp aquafaba (the liquid you find in a tin of chickpeas)
Advertisement
Advertisement
You will either need a pudding steamer or a 1 litre pudding basin and a large saucepan with a lid.
MORE: Christmas 2016: 21 fabulous festive bakes you have to make this Christmas
(Picture: Mandy Mazliah)
Method
Cut out a circle of greaseproof paper to fit the top of your 1 litre pudding basin. Grease the basin and set aside.
Place all the ingredients into a large mixing bowl and mix well. Pour into the basin, squash down and flatten the top.
Place the greaseproof paper on the top of the mixture. Cover the basin with a double layer of foil and tie it up tightly with a piece of string. You can also make a handle out of string if you want, to make it easier to lift your basin out of the pan later when it's hot. If you're using a proper steamer you can follow its instructions.
Fill your pan to about one third full with water and bring to the boil. Carefully lower your basin into the water, making sure that it doesn't come up to the foil as you don't want water to seep in. You can also place an upturned saucer on the bottom of the pan if you're worried about damaging your pan. The basin then sits on top of this.
Reduce the heat to a simmer and cover with a lid.
Steam for three hours. Check occasionally to make sure that the water hasn't boiled away and if it has top up.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Once it's done allow to cool for at least 10 minutes, place a serving plate on top of the bowl, turn it upside down and remove the pudding. If it needs a little help to come out, very carefully slide a thin knife around the edge of the pudding, then invert again and give it a little whack. It should slide out easily now.
Serve with vegan cream or custard.
Mandy Mazliah is a vegetarian mum of three, whose kids hate vegetables! They blog about their efforts to get their kids to get their five-a-day at Sneaky Veg.
MORE: National Fast Food Day: 14 vegan ‘fakeaway' recipes to make at home
MORE: Vegan recipe video: Vegan mac ‘n' cheese
Arthur C. Clarke, a British science fiction writer, is well known for once writing, “Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic.”
Consumer virtual reality is going through a rough patch as high expectations and hype have deflated somewhat, but when VR does work, it can feel a bit like magic.
At Singularity University's Exponential Medicine Summit this week, the audience learned about fascinating virtual reality applications within a mix of medical contexts.
Here's a look at two we found particularly interesting.
Surgical Training in Virtual Reality
Shafi Ahmed, co-founder of Virtual Medics and Medical Realities, spoke again this year at Exponential Medicine. Last year we wrote about Ahmed's efforts to solve the huge global shortage of trained surgeons:
“According to the Lancet commission on global surgery, the surgical workforce would have to double to meet the needs of basic surgical care for the developing world by 2030. Dr. Ahmed imagines being able to train thousands of surgeons simultaneously in virtual reality.”
With this in mind, Ahmed made a splash back in 2014 when they reached 14,000 surgeons across 100 different countries by using Google Glass to stream a surgical training session. In 2016, Ahmed took this a step further by live-streaming a cancer surgery in virtual reality that was shot in 360-degree video while they removed a colon tumor from a patient.
Ahmed's philosophy is clear. They say, “Forget one-to-one. My idea is one to many. I want to share knowledge with the masses.” To achieve this, their company Medical Realities are building the world's first interactive VR training module for surgeons. After these successes, Ahmed began searching for other low-cost, high-tech platforms to leverage for surgical training. They landed on social media.
Last year, Ahmed used Snapchat glasses to record an operation in ten-second clips that were uploaded to their Snapchat story. It was a huge success, receiving two million views and 100,000 YouTube downloads. Ahmed said, “It's incredible reach, and it's free. That's the kind of world we live in.” Ahmed also streamed Twitter's first live operation.
Now, Ahmed is working with virtual reality company Thrive to push the boundaries of remote collaboration in virtual reality. The platform enables doctors to remotely log into a shared virtual office to discuss patient cases. Ahmed showed an example of four doctors from four different locations who logged into a virtual office together to discuss a patient's case in real time. Inside the virtual office the doctors were even able to access and review patients' medical files.
Virtual Reality for Therapeutics
Brennan Spiegel, a pioneer of VR in healthcare at Cedars-Sinai, has witnessed firsthand the positive impact of using virtual reality with patients for therapeutic treatment. At Cedars-Sinai, Spiegel leads a team that studies how technologies like smartphone apps, VR, wearable biosensors, and social media can improve health outcomes.
Some of the findings have been incredible.
Spiegel told the story of a young adult suffering from severe Crohn's disease, which forced them to spend 100 days of the last year in the hospital. The most healing environment they can think of, however, is their grandmother's living room. Spiegel's team was able to place a Samsung 360 camera in the grandmother's living room then give the patient a VR headset to virtually transport them there. The experience nearly brought them to tears and is a perfect example of how VR can make patients in hospital treatment more comfortable.
Spiegel's team also had success using VR to help men with high blood pressure. Inside of the VR program, users are transported into a kitchen and educated on which types of food contain sodium. The program then brings users inside a human body, where they can see the targeted impact of the sodium intake.
Spiegel's dream is to see a VR pharmacy where the right treatment experience is mapped to the right patient.
Virtual and augmented reality are creating novel methods in health care for treatment, training, and doctor collaboration. These are just a few examples of practical uses showing VR's potential applied to medicine. In many ways, however, this is only the beginning of what's to come as VR and AR mature.
Technology doesn't always need to feel like magic, but when it can for a struggling patient or doctor seeking access to training, that's an extraordinary thing for health care.
Image Credit: Anatomy Insider / Shutterstock.com
Funds in the federal employee Thrift Savings Plan ended September mostly in the red, coming off of a much stronger August.
The government securities (G) fund was the only TSP offering that posted gains in September, albeit very modest growth of 0.18 percent. The G Fund – one of the retirement plan's more stable options – has grown 1.75 percent in 2014.
Fixed income bonds in the F Fund had the smallest loss for September, at 0.58 percent. They are up 4.73 percent for the year so far.
Common stocks in the C Fund ended September down 1.4 percent, but have gained 8.41 percent for 2014.
The S Fund, invested in small and midsize companies, also was up for the year, with 1.18 percent in gains. But it lost the most ground in September, ending the month 5.1 percent in the red.
International stocks were the only TSP offering that posted losses for both September and 2014 to date. The Fund was down 3.82 percent last month and 1.06 percent for the year.
The TSP's lifecycle funds – designed to move investors to less risky portfolios as they near retirement – were all down for September. L Income, for participants who have already started withdrawing money, lost 0.42 percent for September. L 2020 was down 1.36 percent for the month; L 2030, 1.84 percent; L 2040, 2.18 percent; and L 2050, 2.5 percent.
The news was much more positive for the year to date, with L Income up 2.61 percent in 2014; L 2020, 3.38 percent; L 2030, 3.7 percent; L 2040, 3.88 percent; and L 2050, 3.97 percent.
(Image via JMiks / Shutterstock.com)
You are here: Klingon / messages from Maltz / Interview with Marc Okrand
MARC OKRAND ABOUT INTO DARKNESS
During the preperation of the 12th klingon language meeting in Saarbrücken called qepHom, which took place in november 2013, its teacher Lieven L. Litaer had the opportunity to talk with the inventor of the klingon language, Marc Okrand. They revealed the new words from the movie and gave us an interesting insight in the making of the Klingon dialogues for Star Trek Into Darkness.
Lieven Litaer (LL): Mister Okrand, when a Klingon dialogue is needed in a new movie, do the producers just call you and say something like "We need klingon?"
Marc Okrand (MO): Yepp!
LL: Okay, that was a really short Klingon way of answering a question. Before talking about the latest movie, can you give us the Klingon lines from the 2009 movie?
No, because they were not part of the movie. The lines I gave them were never going to be in the movie. They had many changes during the making of the movie, so when I talked with them after a couple of weeks, I asked "What else do you need?". And the answer was, "Never mind, the lines got cut from the movie completely".
But Anyway, the stuff I had submitted had no new material, except for one half new word, which was jaSHa', meaning "similarly".
LL: Did it work better with Into Darkness?
There are a lot of new words in Into Darkness. If anyone says they could understand all the Klingon lines in there, they're lying. They can't possibly, because it's filled with new words.
For Into Darkness it was the same procedure as the 2009 movie: they sent me the lines, I made up the Klingon version and sent them back on MP3 files. I was not on the set, there was Britton Watkins who worked with the actors to make sure they pronounced it correctly.
Many months later they called me and said that in the process of editing the film, they had recut that scene so much, that what was there originally didn't make sense any more. So they were making new subtitles. But they knew that people would understand the Klingon so they wanted that the subtitles matched with what Uhura was saying and they wanted me to make a new Klingon dialogue that they could dub in.
It was the same situation as it was thirty years ago in Star Trek III [1984, The search for Spock], except that the first time I did it, I could make up nonsense, because nobody never heard it before. Now, people will understand. I had to come up with new words, but I had to make sure the grammar works.
So they sent me the scene with new subtitles. I had to make new words to match the new meanings and the old mouth movement. That's why there are so many new words.
LL: Where you involved in the Klingon music?
It sounds very cool, but I don't know anything about it. For Star Trek VI [1991, The Undiscovered Country] I did work with the composer for the chanting in Klingon; they sing taH pagh taHbe', and some other things too. For Into Darkness, I never talked to the composer. So I don't know what they were up to.
LL: Did you work with the actors?
I worked with four actors: with Zoë Saldaña when they redubbed it, but not on the set. I worked with the voiceover actors, the ones who were doing all the shouting and the screaming while the battle is going on. We recorded the same twenty or thirty lines in different voices and different kinds of shouting and then mixed these. But they're not subtitled.
I did not work with that one Klingon who takes of their helmet [Sean Blakemore], they did that on their own. As a result, let's say they come from a different part of the Klingon planet.
I also worked with one actor in the opening scene with those red trees.
In the original script, there was this main guy who talks and sings. That's not Klingon, that's something else. But all the singing never made it in the initial cut and the little bit of conversation also got cut out. But I made up a language for that. It's just ... not there any more.
LL: Would you give us the Klingon phrases?
No - I won't do that. But I can give you the words, and then you can figure it out.
LL: Thanks a lot for talking to us, say hello to Maltz.
MO: You're Welcome. Say hello to everyone at the qepHom!
Lieven has talked with Marc Okrand using Skype on 10 october 2013.
Star Trek Adventures lets you boldly go to the Final Frontier.
Star Trek Adventures is Modiphius' foray into the Final Frontier. Using their 2d20 system, Star Trek Adventures sets out to recreate the feel of good Star Trek, right at your tabletop.
I SAID GOOD TREK
And if that was their Prime Directive, they succeeded in spades. This game feels like Trek, from its character creation to core mechanics, Star Trek Adventures really gets how to make a game feel like you and your friends are playing as part of a crew.
Here's a real brief rules overview if you aren't familiar with the core mechanics of a 2d20 game. Most rolls are 2d20 (+ or – the occasional d20) with the goal belong to roll less than a target number determined by adding a trait and a discipline together. There are six traits and six disciplines, and you've basically got the gist of it. Players try and score a number of successes from 0 to 5, with modifiers adjusting the number of successes needed, or adding to the number of d20s you roll.
Things like damage and other specific effects are handled by their “challenge” dice, which are d6s that give you whether a 1, 2, blank, or 1 + effect. You'll roll them and figure out what success or failure of a given roll means.
But anyway, that's the core rules mechanic. Far more interesting is the core character mechanic. So they don't shy away from the fact that starships are big and require a diverse crew of personnel to keep going. You'll have someone who needs to be the engineer, the captain, the doctor, etc. And not every character is needed for every scene. But they introduce the idea of characters playing a support character in the interim, drawing on the fact that there are plenty of people around.
For now.
This way, the person playing the chief engineer, who has no business tagging along to the diplomatic meeting, isn't just twiddling their thumbs until something goes wrong on the ship. Plus, this mechanic makes it so much easier to run a B-plot as well, just like a classic episode. You're never really splitting the party, but you're able to have the characters all working in tandem on different things. It adds to the immersion of it. Really helps suspend that disbelief.
Plus, support characters are a resource that can get upgraded along with your ship. So, while they'll never take the spotlight from an actual PC, there's still a sense of growth and consistency. And you never know where you'll find your next O'Brien.
From transporter chief to WW2 Flying Ace in two series.
Character creation, too, is incredible in this game. You generate a life path (which is an automatic win in my book) that lets you create a living breathing Starfleet officer, Klingon Warrior, Romulan agent, or what have you. You'll get a glimpse at important moments in your character's life, and get to increase your starting attributes and disciplines (skills) or even pick up a talent.
And, let me gush about the flavor of the talents here for a moment. These are great flavor nuggets, things like Mean Right Hook or Doctor's Orders, which tell you everything y need to know about a character. The only thing missing is some form of “get off my bridge.”
But that's where the game shines. It knows exactly what it wants to do and it sets that up. As fun as it is, the system can be a little clunky to the uninitiated. It takes some getting used to, and when you're first figuring it out, assigning tasks the right difficulty will be the bane of your existence. There's no getting away from it. But, once you have the system down, you'll be surprised at how flexible it is. And just how much character is present in the game.
And that's not even touching the starship combat. At any rate, if you're looking for a good crew-based game, this is one I'd highly recommend.
via Modiphius
Looking for incoming visitors.
Donald Trump is prepared to expand their schedule of meetings with murderous autocrats to include one more big name.
President Donald Trump said they would meet with North Korean leader Kim Jong-un amid heightened tensions over their country's nuclear weapons program if the circumstances were right. “If it would be appropriate for me to meet with him, I would absolutely, I would be honored to do it,” Trump said Monday in an interview with Bloomberg News. “If it's under the, again, under the right circumstances. But I would do that.”
There is what seems to be a minor issue with this: Kim Jong-un never leaves North Korea. Likely that's because leaving North Korea would expose them to people who don't automatically regard them as god incarnate—including some who might like to test their divinity with something pointy. It would also mean leaving North Korea in the trusted hands of … well, there are no hands they trust.
But that's okay. If Kim doesn't go to the Donald, the Donald can always go to Kim. Though there's still an issue there.
Kim has never met with a foreign leader since taking charge after their father's death in 2011 ...
This too can be resolved. Kim Jong-un shouldn't think of it as negotiating with a foreign leader. They should just keep these words in mind: Trump Tower Pyongyang.
Goldfish don't conjure up the image of unwanted invaders, but it turns out they are becoming a big nuisance.
Some people are releasing them into the water system in the Sea to Sky Corridor when they do not want the fish as pets any longer.
article continues below
There, the fish can survive and force out other species, says Clear Greenberg, the executive director for Sea to Sky Intensive Species Council (SSISC), who says the small yellow fish could eventually make their home in lakes around Squamish.
Earlier this month, goldfish were removed from Alta Lake and Millar's Pond in Whistler.
“When they're released into the environment, they can adapt and get a lot bigger,” they said.
Native to East Asia, goldfish are considered one of the world's worst invasive aquatic species, with outbreaks reported in Australia, Alberta and Colorado in recent years.
They tend to thrive in the wild, often growing to the size of a pop bottle and living for more than 30 years.
The challenge for the SSISC now is to educate the public about aquatic animals and natural environments.
Goldfish are not the only invasive creature causing problems. Greenberg says they have been trying to follow up on reports from people reporting they have heard the American bullfrog, a predatory species that feeds off of other animals.
“They will actually prey on other frog species,” they said.
The bullfrogs are found in the Lower Mainland, so it would not be a stretch for them to make a home in the Sea to Sky, but at present the crews have not been able to find the bullfrogs.
“So far we haven't heard anything,” they added.
Greenberg points to resources including a cell phone app that has information such as images and even the sounds that different types of frogs make.
Several plants also continue to pose problems in Squamish and other parts of the region.
Japanese knotweed is one source of trouble in the region. One of the challenges is that it has a strong, deep root system that makes it hard to eliminate without the use of herbicide.
“You're never going to eliminate them with just the one treatment,” Greenberg said. “Year after year, there's always a little bit that grows back.”
It typically persists from year to year, so the invasive species crews try to keep on top of outbreaks.
“If you can imagine, it's like the tip of the iceberg,” they said. “It's got an incredibly extensive root structure.”
Yellow flag iris is another nuisance that crews fought this summer. The SSISC had received additional funds to tackle the plant from the provincial and federal governments, Whistler and its community foundation.
“It changes the diversity of plants in the waterways,” Greenberg said.
Around 500 square metres of yellow flag iris were dug and hauled out by hand from lakes and waterways. The work also included planting nearly 600 native plants from areas where yellow flag iris was removed.
Greenberg said they found it in Squamish in areas such as MacDonald Place and Dryden Creek.
The work becomes all the more important because the plant does not have any natural enemies.
“It's toxic, nothing eats it,” they said.
Another thing to watch for around Squamish, particularly in Brackendale and parts of the Squamish Valley, is giant hogweed, a tall and nasty plant with a sap that can burn or even cause blindness.
To combat these and other invasive weeds, a crew of nine worked through the spring and summer to apply treatments to sites. The council now is in the period of collecting and analyzing data to help inform plans for next year's work in the field.
For more information on the council and its work, see www.ssisc.info.
CHERRY HILL TWP. — The father who took to YouTube two years ago lambasting the Cherry Hill teachers they said verbally bullied their autistic son has taken to the web again, this time criticizing the district's bus company for dropping their son off at the wrong house.
According to Stuart Chaifetz, a substitute bus driver and a substitute aide, both employed by Holcomb Bus Service, dropped their 12-year-old son Akian off at the wrong address on Tuesday, July 8. The aide then let Akian into that home, through an unlocked front door, and "abandoned them there," said Chaifetz.
"Due to a clerical error, the bus had the wrong address," said the father in an email on Wednesday. "However, I hold the bus company 100 percent responsible for what happened, as the day before my son was returned to the correct house, and that error should have been fixed by the bus company. In addition, and most importantly, under no condition should a child, especially one with special needs, be abandoned in any empty house. Either the bus aide was not trained, or so poorly trained, that they did not even think that it was wrong to leave a special needs child without handing them over directly to their parent."
According to Chaifetz, their son was left alone in the house for approximately 10 to 15 minutes, until the homeowner, who had been out walking their dog, returned.
"He still had their backpack on and they asked her, 'Where's dad?'" said Chaifetz.
Fortunately, the homeowner, whom Chaifetz did not identify, recognized Akian from the neighborhood and walked with them up the street to their father, who had been waiting in front of their home.
Chaifetz on Wednesday uploaded a video to YouTube calling for Gov. Chris Christie and the Legislature to enact stricter rules for the training of bus drivers and aides.
"These aides are low-paid and part-time workers, and yet they have the weight of the world on their shoulders," said Chaifetz in a phone conversation. "We need more training and it needs to be enforced.
"This could've been a disaster."
In the video, Chaifetz states that when they sought an explanation from the bus aide, they were told, "I saw a tall man through the door that was present when the student entered, so I assumed everything was fine."
A representative from Holcomb Bus Service did not immediately return a request for comment.
Barbara Wilson, a spokesperson for the Cherry Hill school district, said school officials met with Chaifetz and their son and apologized to both soon after the incident occurred.
"First of all, we are grateful that the student was safe, and we discussed the issue with the father when it happened," said Wilson. "In response, we have identified procedures to prevent the reoccurrence of this event, and have instructed all of our contracted bus vendors of the need to implement these procedures."
According to Wilson, those new procedures will include making sure that students required to be left in the custody of a parent or guardian when they step off of the bus aren't left unaccompanied.
The last time Chaifetz posted a video on YouTube, in April 2012, it ultimately garnered nearly 5 million views and attracted coverage from around the country.
In that video, the father explained that they had placed recording device on their then 10-year-old son after officials at Horace Mann Elementary School claimed they had been hitting staff.
In the resulting tape, one staff member can be heard bragging to another about how much they drank the night before. Chaifetz said in the video they believed this took place because the class only contains children with autism who have trouble communicating.
Later in the recording, a teacher speaks to students in a harsh tone, then tells a student — allegedly Akian — "shut your mouth."
More clips are presented later in the recording, allegedly showing teachers dismissing and mocking Akian as they cried, but it was unclear from the audio what was being said.
Chaifetz turned the recording over to the school district. Asked on Wednesday if they had ever heard what had become of the teachers, they said they would have "an announcement" regarding the incident come September.
---
Jason Laday may be reached at jladay@southjerseymedia.com. Follow them on Twitter @JasonLaday. Find the South Jersey Times on Facebook.
More exercise better in long run, study finds HEALTH
Paul Williams, a scientist at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, prepares for a morning run at their home in Moraga, Calif., on Friday, Jan. 15, 2010. Williams has spent the past 20 years studying the science of running, using over 100,000 runners participating in their research. less Paul Williams, a scientist at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, prepares for a morning run at their home in Moraga, Calif., on Friday, Jan. 15, 2010. Williams has spent the past 20 years studying the ... more Photo: Paul Chinn, The Chronicle Photo: Paul Chinn, The Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Captions Close More exercise better in long run, study finds 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Paul Williams has only run one marathon in their life, but by their own research, they could probably benefit from running a few more.
A scientist at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, Williams has put together the world's largest study on runners, and the evidence found over 20 years of research points to an important conclusion: When it comes to exercise, more is almost always better.
"When I started my study, everybody sort of knew exercise was beneficial. The government was saying you get benefits by walking three or four times a week. My data has shown the more you do, the greater the benefits," Williams said. "I've had people doing 100 miles a week of running, and you could see benefits up to that level."
To be sure, Williams is not suggesting that everyone try to run 100 miles a week, or even half of that. But for years, he's been a critic of national guidelines that recommend people get at least 150 minutes of exercise a week, or about 30 minutes a day, five days a week.
That's a fine goal for the couch potatoes, Williams says, but it's shortchanging the millions of Americans who already get the minimum amount of exercise and might not realize that doing more - maybe even doubling their workouts - would improve their health.
Williams' catalog of more than 100,000 runners has produced dozens of scientific and medical papers looking at the effect of running on everything from heart disease and stroke to vision problems and arthritis.
The more miles people run, the less likely they are to develop heart disease or have strokes, Williams has found. The health improvements continue up to about 50 miles a week of running, roughly eight hours. Williams, for the record, runs about 35 miles a week.
It's likely that health benefits keep growing above that level too - with the 100-mile-a-week runners, for example - but there aren't enough people in Williams' study running that much to provide hard data.
"Up until recently, the exercise research has pretty much focused on the couch potatoes," Williams said. "We've become fixated on how to get fat people to lose weight. But we shouldn't be pitching the weight loss and exercise thing only to the obese, sedentary people."
The health improvements don't just apply to runners - any sort of regular aerobic activity helps, and the more hours people put in, the more benefits they'll see, Williams said.
But Williams' findings haven't exactly caught on with the mainstream public health gurus.
It's not that they disagree with Williams' findings. But doctors and public health officials worry that with half the country not meeting the current guidelines, even talking about running 50 miles a week will intimidate folks who aren't doing anything.
"The overwhelming majority of patients that I see really need the motivation to start, and seeing a 150-minute goal gives them something to work toward," said Dr. MaryAlice Ambrose, chief of patient education at Kaiser Permanente in Santa Clara. "Most often, once patients start exercising on a regular basis, they feel so much better that they try to exceed that level on their own."
Williams started their research project in 1991, when they set out to study how much physical activity people needed to improve their health. They decided to focus on runners because they're an easy group to follow - they usually know exactly how much exercise they get, in terms of miles run, and they can gauge their fitness based on race times.
They started by buying the Runner's World subscription list, which yielded about 55,000 runners to study. Since then, he's doubled that group, often by recruiting people at races. He's also started studying walkers, about 45,000 of them, to compare their health to runners.
The major benefit of their research cohort is its size - it's unusual to have so many subjects to study. A downside is that most of the information he's gathered is self-reported - it's up to the individual runners to be honest about their health data and how much they run.
Studying the same people for nearly 20 years has allowed Williams to look at the effects of exercise over time. Exercise, they said, seems to help prevent heart disease and stroke as well as vision problems like glaucoma and cataracts. They haven't found a relationship between running and cancer prevention, they said - but that may just be a matter of time, since most of their runners were relatively young when the study began.
The running community has changed since 1991 and since Williams ran their own marathon in 1988. More people have picked up the sport, and endurance events have become more popular. That's just fine by Williams, of course.
Doctors may be reluctant to start encouraging all of their patients to go out and run marathons - especially if they're starting an exercise regimen from scratch. But at the same time, doctors say they're increasingly viewing exercise as a critical health tool, equivalent to tracking a patient's weight or blood pressure, or prescribing a drug.
"I tell my patients, however much exercise you're getting, it would probably be even better to do a little more," said Dr. Todd Weitzenberg, a sports medicine physician with Kaiser Permanente in Santa Rosa. "I hope that patients, when they've done the minimum requirements, when they see that they've lost five pounds, that their blood pressure came down a couple of points, maybe they'll up the ante."
UPDATE: After CBC Toronto posted this story, Edmundson heard from a senior manager at Bell Canada, who gave a sincere apology and details about why the problems occurred. The manager said they will review the file this weekend and get back to the trucking company about the outstanding bill and compensation.
Andrew Edmundson's connection to Bell Canada is as old as their family's trucking company. For 39 years, Edmundson Transportation Services of Mississauga, Ont., has had the same phone number.
Recently, they signed up for a new service — Bell Total Connect. But not only did they never receive the service they paid for, Bell also disconnected their number altogether and said it was "lost."
We have no idea what we missed. — Business owner Andrew Edmundson
"They actually said, 'We've lost your phone number.' Like, how do you lose a phone number?," said Edmundson, who has discontinued their Bell service and signed with a competitor.
They learned of the disconnection from a client who had been trying to reach their trucking company for days and kept getting an "out of service" message.
Edmundson was alarmed and angry, "because it sounds like you've gone bankrupt."
"And that's the last thing I want, rumours flying around saying we disappeared," they said.
Edmundson contacted CBC News after reading about a Toronto woman's recent battles with Bell Canada to fix their landline.
They said they feel they have no recourse and has been disregarded as a long-time, loyal customer.
"It seemed the only way to let other people know or get some kind of justice was by going public with it," they said.
Edmundson reviews their Bell bill. They say says their operations manager logged 70 hours trying to troubleshoot the problem as seven Bell technicians tried to fix it. (CBC)
No phone, erratic internet
What happened with Bell Canada was something akin to a Franz Kafka novel, they said.
Edmundson Transportation Services went almost four weeks with erratic internet service and no phone line. Edmundson says their operations manager logged 70 hours trying to troubleshoot the problem as seven Bell technicians tried to fix it.
We're certainly sorry to lose them. — Isabelle Boulet, Bell Canada
In the meantime, the company received service bills totaling $857.02 for the Bell Total Connect hardware it had ordered and service that was never delivered. The company also lost revenue when customers couldn't reach them.
"We have no idea what we missed," Edmundson said.
They said new customers often call the next-day shipping company giving little notice to request a load moved.
"If we lost a truck for a week because of this service it's [$5,000] a week, easily," they estimated.
Taking care of business
The company has six trucks and eight employees. That's small by trucking standards but Edmundson's mother, Barbara, said that's by choice to provide personal, loyal service.
"I don't care how big your company is, you have to take care of your customers. Without them, you have no business. And Bell is not doing that," they said.
They said the company received no compensation. "Not even an apology, which would have been nice," they said.
CBC News contacted Bell Canada for an explanation and asked for an interview.
After two days, the company issued a one-line statement through spokesperson Isabelle Boulet, who wrote: "We're certainly sorry to lose them," and that Bell regrets "the inconvenience they were caused."
In their office, looking at Bell paperwork, Andrew Edmundson noted a line that read, "Your business phone is more than just a phone line it's your connection to your customers and suppliers."
They question whether Bell Canada actually believes that.
"If this is going to be your mantra, it has to go through all of your company. It can't just be something that your sales guys pitched on a Monday morning meeting."
So yesterday I wrote an article about wheelchair accessible gardens. I focused on the dimensions and linked websites with plans to build your own. Well in France there is an organization that is making wheelchair accessible garden kits. The Suitecase is a group of architects and artists that created the Terraform program for wheelchair accessible garden.
How Terraform Formed
Below is a description from the Terraform website on how the project started (Translated by Google Translate):
This proposed experimental garden for disabled persons is born from the meeting of the Collective Suitcase and gardeners Mauves in Nantes in 2004. We realized this during the critical role these gardens as a place for meeting, sharing and solidarity, through resistance to casualization (self-sufficiency) and positive way to fight against forced inactivity (unemployment, retirement …). Garden and gardening have recognized virtues. They are vectors of social ties and can help break the isolation of individuals, to promote exchanges between “valid and invalid,” as between generations, and to fight against all forms of segregation that often affect people with disabilities. We also realized that the practice of gardening in general, could be a tool for personal development, a possible factor of integration and social cohesion, but also many people there were, a priori access, lack of equipment adapted: wheelchair, elderly.
What's In The Box
So what all comes with the kit. Well just four pieces and some screws. Three walls made of wood boards and a plastic shell. The four pieces come together to form a box with the plastic shell serving as the roll-under space. The shell curves into the box to give a wheelchair using gardener easy reach to all parts of the garden. The shell is made of recycled and recyclable polyethylene. Douglas fir treated with natural oils make the wood sides environmentally friendly and reusable.
Additional Info
Overall dimensions are approximately 5ft wide, 4ft deep, and 31.5 inches high. Once put together the box can be filled with soil. Terraform recommends a layered mix of soils, branches, and compost. If one doesn't want to fill the whole cavity then installing a makeshift garden “floor” wouldn't be too difficult.
Availability & Conclsion
Right now Terraform is working with other groups across France and Europe to make their gardens available. Though as of now Terraform is not available in the U.S. Their might be hope though, according to this article by Treehugger.com, Terraform is working to make the garden kits available in North America due to requested demand. For more on Terraform visit Terraform.fr (Google Translate version).
Comments
No one seems sure just what their name was, the two young men who began arguing at the side of the road by last Thursday evening after their vehicles brushed each other. This everyone remembers, though: one used harsh words for the Shi'a faith, or perhaps it was for the Sunni faith. There was a scuffle at a place called Khomeini Chowk, and then they went home.
It took just those words, though, to light fires that have destroyed lives.
Early the next morning, stone-throwing mobs confronted each other in half a dozen villages. In Payrus and in Sahipora, local police have told Firstpost, over a dozen homes and a Shi'a Imambara have been burned down. Fatima Mir, an elderly woman, is in critical care, battling for their life because of head injuries.
For the first time in years, troops from three battalions of the Indian Army's Rashtriya Rifles regiment have been out on Badgam's streets.
The clashes that have led to curfew being imposed across the central Kashmir district of Badgam, bang next to Srinagar, and home to a significant part of the state's Shi'a minority, aren't big enough to attract attention in the national media. Everything has a context, though—and it's the context to the communal violence in Badgam that's more significant than the rioting itself.
For decades—even centuries—there's been low-grade sectarian skirmishes in Kashmir, mostly signifying nothing more than the human capacity for violence over petty differences. In recent years, though, these skirmishes have shown a worrying uptick: tension flared up across Badgam in 2011 after a cellphone sex-clip of a Shi'a girl and Sunni boy surfaced, and there was violence between members of the two religious groups in Srinagar's Hawal area last year.
Like such violence across South Asia, the tensions have as much to do with politics as with faith. Home to Muhammad Yusuf Shah, the fugitive head of the Hizb-ul-Mujahideen, Badgam once had a powerful Islamist presence. In recent years, as the jihad in Jammu and Kashmir has waned, the Jamaat's reach and influence has declined—and new religious organisations have begun jostling for influence.
The pietist Tablighi Jama'at, arguably the largest neo-fundamentalist proselytising organisation in the world, has struck roots—helped by the setting spanking-new seminaries affiliated to the great Dar-ul-Uloom at Deoband, including Maulvi Abdur Rashid's Dar-ul-Ulom Bilalia and Mufti Nazir Ahmad Qasmi's Dar-ul-Uloom Rahimia.
Kashmir's Barelvi tradition, hard-hit by violence attributed to Mr Shah's Hizb and the Lashkar-e-Taiba, is also showing signs of revival: preachers like Ghulam Rasool Hami, head of the influential Karavan-e-Islami, and Abdul Rashid Dawoodi draw large audiences.
It's hard to say just who will win this battle for hearts and minds—but the Deobandis have been adroit in putting their Barelvi opponents on the backfoot.
Evidence of a tide of religiosity emerged in recent survey of media use by young people by the New Delhi-based Institute for Research on India and International Studies: more than 61% of young people regularly listened to religious sermons; a quarter to jihadi speeches.
Fascinatingly, the communal violence in Badgam found reference in the Syrian jihadist group Jabhat al-Nusra's Twitter feed-a sign of the new kinds of transnational political currents feeding Islamism in Kashmir.
Updated Report: latest condition in #Kashmir is compounded by shia that allied with indian army. July 21, 2013. pic.twitter.com/ZApyQ9KJXC — Jabhat Al Nusrah (@jabhatalnusrah) July 21, 2013
Kashmir's Shi'a population have mostly been bystanders to this religious competition—but the rising tide of religiosity is fuelling fears, especially given the regional context. The assassination of National Conference-affiliated Shi'a leader Aga Syed Mehdi in 2000 highlighted the ideological strains: Islamist groups like the Dukhtaran-e- Millat, as also the political outfits like the Islamic Students League and the Muslim League even lashed out at secessionist leaders for attending their last rites.
In part, the fears are driven by the fate of Shi'a in Pakistan—where terrorists claiming ideological affiliation to the Deobandi tradition have been slaughtering members of the community. Murtaza Haider, a scholar, noted in recent commentary, hundreds of not thousands of Shi'a have been butchered; “taken off buses, lined up, and gunned down”.
Hermann Kreutzman, an expert on Pakistan's Northern Areas, has recorded that this violence was linked to it's government's sponsorship Sunni jihadists to counter Iranian influence. In 1988, former Pakistani president Pervez Musharraf presided over a large scale slaughter of Shi'a in Gilgit, part of pre-1947 Jammu an Kashmir; they are still referred to locally as “the Butcher of Gilgit”.
Kashmir's Shi'a leadership has long feared the consequences of jihadi terrorism might have for the community: in the 1990s, its leadership even sponsored a militia to cushion against the possibility of an Islamist victory. Elements of the Shi'a community have also drawn ever closer to the state: in 2009, hundreds turned out to mourn Shabbir Malik, a local boy who died alongside other Indian troops fighting jihadists.
“I don't think”, says Badgam superintendent of police Muhammad Irshad, “that we should read too much into the violence. Kashmir's religious sects have lived alongside each other for centuries”.
He's right, but the Badgam violence is interesting nonetheless: a small symptom of a society and region going through a complex and fraught transition, the outcome of which no-one can predict.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
As climate scientists attempt to forecast the future pace of global warming, one of the more complex variables has proven to be the interrelation of clouds and climate change. In an interview with Yale Environment 360, physicist Kate Marvel discusses the double-edged effect clouds have on rising temperatures.
Clouds perform an important function in cooling the planet as they reflect solar energy back into space. Yet clouds also intensify warming by trapping the planet's heat and radiating it back to earth. As fossil fuel emissions continue to warm the planet, how will this dual role played by clouds change, and will clouds ultimately exacerbate or moderate global warming? Kate Marvel, a physicist at Columbia University and a researcher at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies, is investigating the mysteries of clouds and climate change. And while they and their colleagues would like to offer definitive answers on this subject, the fact is that few now exist.
Kate Marvel
In an interview with Yale Environment 360, Marvel discusses what is known about the behavior of clouds in a warming world (they are migrating more toward the poles), explains why strict controls need to be imposed on geoengineering experiments with clouds, and talks about why they are confident that science and human ingenuity will ultimately overcome the challenge of climate change.
“The fact that we understand how the planet actually works and we keep continuing to ask these questions — that makes me optimistic about the future of our species,” says Marvel. Yale Environment 360: Why are clouds such a challenge when it comes to accounting for them in climate change models? Kate Marvel: It turns out that clouds are really important to the climate. They kind of explain why different climate models predict different possible futures. Some climate models are saying it's going to get really hot, and some climate models are saying it's going to get hot, but not as hot. And it turns out that differences in cloud changes, predicted by the models, are kind of the main reason for that. And clouds are hard to model because they're simultaneously large and small. When you think about how clouds form, they're the result of microscopic water droplets, or ice crystals, coalescing like grains of sand. But at the same time, they cover 75 percent of the Earth's surface. So it's really hard for a climate model, which is fundamentally large scale, to get those really small-scale processes right. So we know that climate models don't handle clouds very well. We've known that for a while. But clouds are also very important in regulating the climate. They block a lot of sunlight, but they also trap a lot of heat coming up from the Earth's surface.
“Low, thick clouds are really good at blocking sunlight, so they have a cooling effect.”
e360: So it's opposing effects. What dictates which effect a cloud will have? Marvel: It depends on several aspects; what the cloud's made of is very important. So clouds that are made of ice particles are less reflective, they reflect less sunlight than juicier clouds made of liquid water droplets. Something else that's really important is cloud height. If you look up on a clear, summer day, and you see kind of wispy, cirrus clouds, those obviously are not very good at blocking sunlight; they let that sunlight stream through. But they're very good at trapping the heat from the planet's surface. So, high clouds in general have a warming effect, but, low, thick clouds — the kind that you see on a cloudy, gloomy day — those are really good at blocking sunlight, so those have a cooling effect. e360: Researchers have gained a deeper understanding of cloud behavior in a warming world. Talk a bit about what we've learned. Marvel: We had a paper in the Journal of Climate that showed clouds are moving in the way that we would expect them to. So if you think about those low clouds that block sunlight, they are going to be much more effective in the tropics, where there's kind of more sunlight, than there is further toward the poles, where the sun's less intense. And climate change is predicted to alter atmospheric circulation patterns. It's predicted to push everything poleward. What we've seen is that clouds are following that particular trajectory. If you look at the sort of large-scale patterns of clouds, they are moving toward the poles. e360: A Nature paper published after yours found an upward motion to clouds. Did you also find that? Marvel: We found hints of it; in the Nature paper it's much clearer because they made corrections that accounted for the fact that the satellite records are really patchy and they were able to really observe clearly that high cloud shift. And there have been other studies that have observed that when it's warmer, high clouds shift upwards. That's an effect that we think we understand fairly well. e360: What are the consequences of this poleward and upward motion of clouds? Marvel: Both of them give rise to what I think is the most confusing part of climate jargon. We call it positive feedback, and you think “positive feedback” — that sounds great. I like getting positive feedback. But when climate scientists talk about positive feedback, we mean some process that changes in response to warming, that accelerates that warming. So both of those changes are what we would call positive feedback, meaning it enhances the warming. e360: And is this trend, poleward and upward, something that the models say will continue under a business-as-usual scenario? Marvel: Yes, we think so. e360: There was some discussion when these studies came out regarding whether this was a consequence of global warming or that these movements were a consequence of recovery from major volcanic activity. Where do things stand with that at this point? Marvel: That's a really good point. You have to be careful about attributing things to natural external forces versus human-caused external influences. We're currently working on a project that's trying to sort of tease out those influences. But I don't think there's been a study published that really definitively attributes the observed changes to one particular external sourcing.
“One of the greatest things about science is that in science we can say, ‘We don't know,' or ‘We don't know yet.'”
e360: Of course, climate deniers can grab hold of something like that and say, “See, they don't really know.” Marvel: I think that's one of the greatest things about science is that in science, we can say we don't know, or we don't know yet. I'm really suspicious of people who come along and say, “I have all the answers.” I think there's this real tendency to say that, “Oh, well if you don't know everything, you don't know anything.” And I think that's totally wrong. You know, the continued existence of science does not invalidate science. The fact that we're still asking questions doesn't mean that the method we're using to answer those questions is wrong. e360: Most of our cloud observations come from weather satellites. However, there was a NASA satellite in the planning stage that was designed to look at cloud behavior. President Trump's proposed budget zeroes out that mission. Should NASA project that deal with climate change be a priority in the upcoming budget? Marvel: I certainly think so. I don't really understand why on earth we wouldn't want to look at our own home. We have this amazing satellite technology. We can observe all of us from space. We can measure things that we never dreamed we could measure and that's kind of a miracle, I think. I also think it's extremely cost-effective. Why would we not want to do it? I started my career as an astrophysicist, and then I realized that nowhere else in the universe is as good as here, right? This is the best planet. And I think it's part of NASA's mission to look at other worlds, but we also want to look down at our world as well. e360: In a recent commentary, a group of researchers, including two from the University of Washington, made the case for conducting small scale experiments using a geo-engineering technique known as cloud brightening. They want to spray saltwater into marine clouds making them more reflective of sunlight as a possible way of reducing global warming. What's your take on such experiments? Marvel: With geoengineering, I'm always very concerned because if I want to do an experiment on human subjects, as a university researcher, I have to go in front of a review board and convince them that all of my human subjects have given informed consent to participate in this experiment. And with a lot of geo-engineering experiments, I worry about how that consent is going to be obtained. There are starting to be organizations thinking about this; there's something called the Climate Geoengineering Governance Project, that's starting to think about how would we design an international law regime to actually regulate this. And I think that's something worth thinking about.
“People ask me, ‘Are you just depressed all the time? How do you keep going in the face of this?'”
e360: You've written that when it comes to climate change, “I refuse to give in to despair. I just don't have time for that. I'm too busy doing science.” Tell me more about the roll-up-your-sleeves attitude you've got.
Image copyright Cassandra Nelson/Mercy Corps Image caption Mercy Corps distributes flour to bakeries throughout Aleppo province
The aid organisation Mercy Corps says Turkey has revoked its registration, forcing it to stop operations that help hundreds of thousands of Syrians.
A statement issued by the US-based group late on Tuesday said: "Our hearts are broken by this turn of events".
It was not immediately clear why the registration was revoked.
Since 2012, Mercy Corps has conducted from Turkey one of the largest aid operations in Syria, assisting up to half a million civilians each month.
It has also provided a range of social services and other emergency assistance in Turkey, reaching about 100,000 Syrian and Turkish people in 2016 alone.
'Valuable partner'
Mercy Corps' statement said its operations inside Syria would continue.
"Our priority right now is to limit any adverse effects our departure from Turkey may have on the innocent men, women and children who depend on our assistance."
"We continue to seek a dialogue with Turkish authorities in an effort to obtain permission to resume our operations in Turkey as soon as possible. We remain hopeful that the government of Turkey will allow us to return to serve those in critical need," it added.
Image copyright Corinna Robbins/Mercy Corps Image caption Lorries are loaded with aid at warehouses in Turkey to be delivered to families in Syria
Turkey has opened its doors to more than 2.91 million refugees since the uprising against Syria's President Bashar al-Assad began in 2011, and has also served as a hub for deliveries of humanitarian aid to Syria.
Turkish officials have so far not told Mercy Corps why its registration was revoked.
But in November the government closed hundreds of non-governmental groups it accused of being linked to terrorist organisations or acting against national security, as part of a crackdown launched after an attempted military coup in July.
A spokesperson for Mercy Corps, Christine Bragale, said they could not speculate on the reason for the Turkish government's decision, but stressed: "We have every confidence in the impartiality and integrity of our operation."
US state department spokesperson Mark Toner told the Washington Post that it was aware of the situation with Mercy Corps, which they called a "valuable partner".
"We have informed the government of Turkey of our concerns regarding Mercy Corps' closure and the impact it will have on their ability to provide critical humanitarian assistance to vulnerable populations," they said.
A captivating blend of documentary and virtual experience that brings players inside the infamous Exclusion Zone, Chernobyl VR Project launches today on Steam for HTC Vive, including new features and enhancements also now available on Oculus Rift.
Watch the new 360-degree video here:
[https://youtu.be/HwdjACDYuao]
This updated edition of Chernobyl VR Project for HTC Vive and Oculus Rift includes a wealth of new and updated content, including higher quality 360 movies, new narrations and interviews, and more realistic environments including better sounds and glass. Chernobyl VR Project on HTC Vive also includes Steam Controller support and optimizations for increased player comfort.
30 years after the world's worst industrial disaster, Chernobyl VR Project combines 3D scans with spherical photography and stereoscopic video to present the very first virtual tour of the Chernobyl and Pripyat areas. Explore, interact with the environment, and reveal the stories of the people affected by the events, including the Liquidators; citizens and military personnel who played pivotal roles in stemming the impacts, often at the price of acute radiation sickness.
However, the most important decision is the declaration of donating part of the proceeds from the sales of the Chernobyl VR Project to foundations helping the victims of the disaster. In association with the Polish-Ukrainian Open Dialog Foundation, we will select organizations to provide support to (different percent of sales profit, depending on the application version and platform). In doing so, we hope that we contribute to helping the victims, and that the initiative will give our project another educational and social dimension.
Chernobyl VR Project began with the simple plan of bringing people into the Exclusion Zone, but over time it has grown into something much more personal as we find new stories to be told and places to be explored. This is not the end of Chernobyl VR Project we will still update it soon. Plans are already in place to visit the area again to collect even more footage and bring more of the area's history to life later this year.
Chernobyl VR Project is available now on HTC Vive and Oculus Rift for [$14,99].
Steam
http://store.steampowered.com/app/504010
Oculus
https://www.oculus.com/experiences/rift/1028758880514808/
Website
http://www.chernobylvrproject.com
Keanu is not sad. As a matter of fact, they found the Sad Keanu meme funny. That's what they told Reddit in a two-and-a-half hour AMA (ask me anything) done in connection with promotion for their upcoming directorial debut of Tai ChiManof Tai Chi, which opens Nov 1. They wanted to make it clear that he's not, in fact, sad: “I think that a picture can tell a thousand words, and none of them can be right. Or true. I'm absolutely a very happy person.”
They also talked about growing up in Canada and wanting to play hockey, a dream that was sidelined when they discovered acting: “I played a lot of hockey in Toronto Canada. I always thought it would be cool to play for the Canadian Olympic team. When I was 15, I decided to become an actor. And so I started taking acting classes and doing community theater, and then I played John Proctor in a high school play called The Crucible, and from that moment I decided — they always ask you when you're coming out of school or university what you want to be, and I knew then that I wanted to become an actor.” Keanu, who is 49, is, of course known for playing Neo in the Matrix movies, for Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure, for Speed, My Own Private Idaho, Point Break, The Replacements, A Scanner Darkly and the much-maligned Constantine. (For the record, I love that movie and I don't care who knows it.)
Article Continued Below
He's aware that fans of the comic books didn't love Constantine: “I mean, I know it's not literal to the source material but I was hoping and I hoped that with the adaptation of the material that I was hoping to keep and was really attracted to the character, he's one of those optimist cynics, they are world-weary but as their core they wish it was not so, and the burden of knowing too much. So I hope that at its core that we came across to the people who love the original.” They also say they kept Constantine lighter. As for upcoming projects, this one sounds intriguing: “I've got a project that I've been developing for over six or seven years. It's a role I am looking forward to playing, it's called Passengers. And in that film I play a character named Jim, who wakes up on a spaceship with five other people planning to homestead. They wake up too soon, ninety years before arriving. What do they do?” Asked about their musical tastes they mention Nine Inch Nails and Toronto punk band Metz, the members of which are probably about to enjoy some newfound fame. Keanu seems to have nothing but fond memories of growing up in Toronto: “There was a really great hamburger place called Licks. I really used to love hanging out by the grade school I used to go to, I played a lot of street hockey and basketball there. We had wonderful parks, Ramsden Park, we had chestnut fights running around Ramsden Park. The Bloor Street Cinema, I would go see movies there. The University Cinema.” They asked how they manage to stay grounded, being famous and all: “. . . it's easy to stay grounded. The ground is very close. And we walk on it every day.” Whoa!
We also learn that Keanu would like to play Macbeth, they love the Olympics, that their hobby is reading, that they love watching the stars (the real ones, not famous people), was a fan of Breaking Bad, that their favourite beers are Guinness and pilsner, that they like pancakes with maple syrup and that he's not immortal, although, “energy cannot be created or destroyed they say.” (There is so much more in this pretty damned great AMA, that you should definitely go read the whole thing). Pressed on how they keep looking so young, they deny having a fountain of youth and says, “Yeah, for me that's something inherited I guess. How does that happen? I don't know. I haven't done anything in particular, I will just go with genetics. I will just thank my mom and dad and then their parents and then their parents.”
Article Continued Below
And, answering the question, “How do you think your life would be different if you had chosen the ‘blue pill'?”: “I think if I had taken the blue pill, it says I would go back to sleep and I would have never known what was happening. Which sounds very depressing. So I'm glad I took the right pill.”
Hatred is a current ‘cool' fad—but a terribly dangerous one.
Four days after the 9/11 terrorist attacks, three innocent men, (Sikh, Muslim and Egyptian Christian) were murdered. The killer of the Sikh victim vowed to “kill the ragheads,” shooting the first person they saw wearing a turban.
A Hindu man was murdered October 4, 2001, and we just marked the 10th anniversary of the day an extraordinary young Muslim, Rais Bhuiyan, was blinded in one eye and left for dead.
Even now, most articles mentioning Muslims continue to elicit strings of comments, many of which genocidally proclaim, “Kill them all.” The anti-Muslim cloud permeates our atmosphere; coloring perceptions, inciting bullying, assaults and policies.
Bhuiyan worked arduously, though unsuccessfully, to prevent the execution of their would-be killer, Mark Stroman, a swaggering self-avowed “red-neck patriot.” At their trial, Stroman raised their middle finger at the two grieving widows, whose husbands they had slain.
"If hate is the problem...how can hate be the solution?" (Anya Cordell /Anya Cordell )
I wish Stroman were alive to preach their epiphany to those who are writing, yelling, garnering votes and cashing in on the ongoing smear campaign against all Muslims. Like Stroman, their commentary targets without care for the true nature of those they would harm, or inspire others to harm. Their victims are considered guilty by virtue of being born Muslim.
Last month, I was the only Jewish speaker at a predominantly Muslim conference (United for Change). Every speaker condemned 9/11 and all attacks on innocents. Each acknowledged atrocities by some who have falsely usurped Islam and distanced themselves from those criminals. This is something that Christians and Jews do not seem to need to do when members of their faith commit crimes.
At the closing, we read the Charter for Compassion . The other woman on the podium was wearing a headscarf. Some clerics were wearing long robes and the dome-shaped turbans routinely caricatured in anti-Muslim cartoons. The image was made for Islamophobes, who rail against all things Muslim.
Yet the woman looked like Mother Theresa or Mary, and the clerics were dressed no more strangely than the Pope.
A young woman at the conference told me that if one were devout, it would seem as if there was an air-conditioner under one's scarf on hot days. I think the same magic device must be under Sikhs' turbans, the anachronistic black coats and fur-trimmed hats of orthodox Jewish men and orthodox Jewish women's wigs and the Pope's mitre. Maybe the Dalai Lama has a magic heater under their saffron cotton for cold climates, and clothing challenges, including looking “different,” are something around which this unlikely group could form an alliance.
We have to be allies for one another. I received the Spirit of Anne Frank Award; for my programs and work as an ally, post 9/11--my story is at “Where the Anti-Muslim Path Leads” and (My) Life, Etc. (Post 9/11). I credit the non-Jewish friends who hid and supported Anne's family for inspiring me to espouse the necessity of crossing gulfs on behalf of people of other religions, ethnicities, etc. I know Rais and the families of the hate-crime victims would be my ally if the tables were turned.
If those who are invested in smearing Muslims took a break from yelling and judiciously listened, I believe they would no longer be knee-jerk anti-Muslim. Islamophobes, however, deny Islamophobia while they foment it. And they seem untroubled by violence, unless it is perpetrated by Muslims.
Those whom the perpetrator of the Norway massacre credited for inspiring their vicious attacks dismissed any influence, casting aspersions instead on the victims, smearing them as Muslims and “multi-culturalists”. (A site that tracks anti-Muslim attacks, daily, is www.IslamophobiaToday.com ).
As with Holocaust deniers, evidence does not deter those who smear all Muslims. But just because many people scream something does not make it true. Similar smear campaigns by intellectuals, social and political leaders targeted Native Americans, African Americans, Jews and Japanese Americans. These cases wrought untold destruction, until they were revealed as false and horrifying in the extreme. In the wake of racism, murder and genocide, profound lessons have often been realized, but too late to reverse the irreversible.
Though I continue to hold hope, logic seems lost to Islamophobes. Since Muslims are roughly 1/5 of the world's population, they would be wrecking massive havoc, worldwide, if their nefarious goal was domination and destruction of all non-Muslims. It clearly isn't.
At the conference, I heard absolutely no evidence of hatred directed at anyone. Yet, Muslims are chronically impugned as haters, and, therefore, worthy of hate, according to Islamophobes.
The Charter for Compassion reminds us what makes the most sense in this crazy world: That which is hateful to you, do not do to your neighbor. I cannot top the Golden Rule, but I would also ask this question:
If hate is the problem--as it was on 9/11--how can hate be the solution?
Anya Cordell is recipient of the Spirit of Anne Frank Award, for their work against the designation of any group as “Other.”  They are the author of RACE: An OPEN & SHUT Case, and presents programs against “appearance-ism” (appearance-based judging of ourselves and others), xenophobia, stereotyping, teasing, bullying, racism and all forms of bias. Following 9/11 Anya reached out to strangers and founded The Campaign for Collateral Compassion to raise awareness of the backlash against Muslims, Sikhs, Hindus and others. See http://www.Appearance-ism.com
The Root DC
Michael Jackson laid bare in Murray Trial
Catering to new mommies
Just in case you have $4,999 lying around and have a hankering to print in carbon fiber, the Mark One 3D printer is now available for pre-order. When first announced last month, the Mark One was going to be available to order in March, but today is your lucky day.
Named aptly for its creator, Gregory Mark, who also owns Aeromotions, this desktop printer debuted at SolidWorks World 2014 in San Diego. After seeing the expense and time currently associated with carbon fiber manufacturing, Mark started down a path that eventually ended up at the Mark One.
“We took the idea of 3D printing, that process of laying things down strand by strand, and we used it as a manufacturing process to make composite parts,” they told Popular Mechanics. “We say it's like regular 3D printers do the form — we do form and function.”
The printer can not only lay down carbon fiber, but also fiberglass, nylon and PLA. Of course, only one at a time. The printer employees some pretty nifty advancements, too, including a self-leveling printing bed that clicks into position before each print.
For a few dollars more, the company also offers a Mark One Developer Kit Pre-order that puts your order at the front of the line and includes a few extras, including more Kevlar and two extra beds.
Tifosi ( pronounced [tiˈfoːzi]) are a group of supporters that make up a tifo, especially in sports. Tifosi are used for a mixed gender or an all-male group; masculine singular is tifoso, feminine singular tifosa, feminine plural tifose.
Etymology [ edit ]
In Italian, tifosi literally means 'those infected by typhus', in the sense of someone acting in a fevered manner.[1]
The word is mainly used to describe fans of clubs in football. Apart from the many local fan clubs in Italy whose main role is (for example) to provide a meeting place for fans and friends and organize away trips, since the late 1960s many Italian fans rely on organized stadium groups known as Ultras. The main goal is to choreograph fan support with flags, banners, coloured smoke screens, flares, drums, and chanting in unison. For most teams city rivalries, colours, coat of arms, symbols, and the overall iconography have roots in the Middle Ages and early Renaissance.
Formula One [ edit ]
The Tifosi at the 2003 Italian Grand Prix, Monza
It has become common to use the word Tifosi to refer to the supporters of Scuderia Ferrari in Formula One. Italian motor racing fans are well known for their love of Ferrari, though they have also been staunch supporters of other Italian cars such as Maserati, Lancia and Alfa Romeo.
The Tifosi provide Formula One with some of its most stunning images,[citation needed] as a sea of red fills the grandstands at the Italian Grand Prix. A similar sight could be observed in former years during the San Marino race which was held at the Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari near the town of Imola, only 80 km (49.7 mi) east of the Ferrari factory in Maranello.
One of the most common Tifosi sights is the display of an enormous Ferrari flag in the grandstands during Formula One weekends at every race circuit, with especially large contingents showing up in Ferrari livery at home and nearby European tracks.
It has not been uncommon for the Tifosi in Italy to actually cheer for a non-Italian driver in a Ferrari passing an Italian driver in another make of car for the lead of a race. At the 1983 San Marino Grand Prix, the crowd at Imola cheered long and loud when Riccardo Patrese crashed their Brabham out of the lead of the race only 6 laps from home, handing Frenchman Patrick Tambay the win in their Ferrari. Patrese themselves had only passed Tambay for the lead half a lap earlier.
The recent increase in their ranks can be directly traced to the rise of Michael Schumacher, who drove for Ferrari from 1996 to 2006, leading the team to the Constructors' Championship from 1999–2004.
One driver who never actually drove for the Prancing Horse, but will forever hold a special place in the hearts of the Tifosi is Frenchman Jean-Louis Schlesser. They drove for the Williams team at the 1988 Italian Grand Prix at Monza substituting for an ill Nigel Mansell. On lap 49 of the 51 lap race, Schlesser was unwittingly involved in the incident at the Variante del Rettifilo chicane that took out the leading McLaren-Honda of Ayrton Senna, fittingly handing Ferrari's Gerhard Berger and Michele Alboreto an emotional 1–2 Italian Grand Prix result only a month after the death of Enzo Ferrari. Berger's win handed McLaren their only loss of the 16-race 1988 season.[2]
Cycling [ edit ]
The word is commonly used to describe fans along the roadside at professional road cycling races in Italy such as Tirreno–Adriatico, Milan–San Remo, the Giro d'Italia, and the Giro di Lombardia.
Passionate supporters of Italian cycling teams & cyclists are called 'the tifosi'.
See also [ edit ]
Most Windows Insider builds of Windows 10 displays a watermark in the lower right corner of the screen right above the system tray area. It reads "Windows 10 Pro Technical Preview. Evaluation Copy. Build xxxxx".
Some users may find the information useful, as it reveals the build number of the operating system but winver displays the same information on the about screen that it spawns.
Others may dislike the watermark for cosmetic reasons as it is always there sitting on top of the desktop background or plain irritating.
The watermark displays the edition of the operating system and the current build. Thankfully though it is rather easy to get rid of the watermark so that it is not displayed anymore on the desktop even if you are running an Insider copy of Windows 10 or a test version, for instance the 90-day Enterprise version of Windows 10.
While you can remove the watermark manually from the system, it is generally not recommended as you need several tools for that and manipulate core system files manually in the process.
A better option is the free program Universal Watermark Disabler which does all the heavy lifting for you. Download the program from the Winaero website and extract it on the local system after the download finishes.
You may want to create a backup first before you run the program. It manipulates the files basebrd.dll.mui and shell32.dll.mui in the background, so back up those files at least.
You find them in the folders C:\windows\branding\basebrd\en-US and C:\windows\system32\en-US. You may need to replace the locale with yours.
Run the program afterwards. It displays the edition, build api and registry information. All you need to do is click on install to remove the evaluation copy watermark from the desktop.
You may receive information that the build you are executing the program on is untested. I have tested it with the latest build 10525 and it worked just fine. Please note that it kills the explorer.exe process during operation and asks you to sign out to complete the process.
When you sign in again, you will notice that the watermark is gone.
Universal Watermark Disabler ships with an uninstallation option. If you run the program again, you will notice the uninstallation button that it displays. If you use it, it will restore the original files so that the watermark is displayed again on the system.
You may need to run the program again after updates to new builds as they may restore the watermark image on the operating system.
Summary Article Name How to remove Evaluation Copy watermark in Windows 10 Description Find out how to remove the evaluation copy watermark from Windows 10 Insider Preview and test systems so that it does not show up on the desktop anymore. Author Martin Brinkmann Publisher Ghacks Technology News Logo
Advertisement
Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy (Photo: Detroit News file)
Detroit — The Wayne County Prosecutor's office announced Friday that no charges will be issued against a Trenton police officer in the shooting death of an 18-year-old man in May.
Evidence supports that the officer was justified in shooting Kyle Baker as they were acting in self defense, according to Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy.
“In this case, the officers not only acted in self defense and defense of others, but no shots were fired until after the decedent had seriously injured one of the officers with a lawnmower blade and kept advancing,” Worthy said in a statement Friday. “As a result, no charges against any officer will be issued.”
Baker was shot May 28 after they allegedly attacked and wounded an officer with a lawnmower blade in the 2800 block of Longmeadow Drive. They died the next day. The officer was treated at a local hospital for a deep cut to their hand and was released.
Baker was a senior at Trenton High School.
According to the prosecutor's office, police were contacted by school officials about Baker because they were reportedly exhibiting erratic and paranoid behavior before leaving school.
“Baker's family also corroborated that Baker exhibited out of character behavior leading up to the incident,” the prosecutor's office wrote.
Baker ran a small business out of the porch area of the home sharpening lawn mower blades and mowing lawns.
When police arrived at the home, two officers entered and saw Baker at the bottom of the basement stairs with a two-foot-long lawn mower blade. According to the prosecutor's office, Baker climbed the stairs and kept advancing toward the officers despite being ordered to stop and drop the weapon several times.
“As Baker continued toward the officers, one officer used a Taser on them twice, with little effect,” the prosecutor's office wrote. “The other officer used a Taser a third time. Baker attacked and cut the second officer in the hand with the lawn mower blade.”
The injured officer fell back and fired one shot at Baker, who was continuing to advance toward him, the prosecutor said.
Baker was taken to a local hospital where they died from a gunshot wound to the abdomen. The officer suffered a cut approximately four inches long and one and a half inches deep, according to the prosecutor's office.
cwilliams@detroitnews.com
(313) 222-2311
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/1UwUMVK
The Nike team went into the 10K at the Payton Jordan Cardinal Invitational targeting the U.S. record, with Galen Rupp expected to set the new mark in Palo Alto late Saturday night.
But with a powerful finish, Stevens Point native Chris Solinsky scored the record and the victory, becoming the first American athlete to break 27 minutes in the 10K. Solinsky finished in 26:59.6, roughly 14 seconds faster than the previous mark of Meb Keflezighi.
"I can't even put it into words," the 25-year-old told" told the San Jose Mercury News. "It still hasn't even sunk in, what I just ran. We came in hearing about Galen Rupp trying to break the record. To me, this was just an indication race."
Solinsky has been one of America's elite distance runners since their junior year in college at the University of Wisconsin. They joined the Badgers after a standout career running for Stevens Point Area High School: three state cross-country titles and state records in the 1600 and 3200.
(Chris Solinsky shown running for a state championship)
They earned All-American honors four times at UW, and graduated in 2007. They took fourth in the 2008 Olympic Trials and made their first World Champs team in 2009.
He, along with fellow former Badgers, Matt Tegenkamp and Simon Bairu, have been training under the tutelage of their UW coach Jerry Schumacher, who moved Portland and the Nike/Kimbia squad in 2008.
Solinsky has been among the world's best at 1,500 and 5,000, but the run at Stanford was their first go in the 10,000.
As Cal Track & Running News reported: "Solinsky ran negative splits, meaning they ran the first 5k in 13:34.3 and the second in 13:24.6! Their last 800 meters was run in 1:56 and their last 400 meters in 55!
"Most importantly, Chris Solinsky is now the first non-African to break 27 minutes for 10,000 meters! The race rewrote the American Best performances list.
"Consider that thirteen of the twenty-four finishers set personal bests, and that two national records (1st, Solinsky, AR, , 5th, Bairu, Canadian), Also note that Galen Rupp did break the former American record, finishing in fourth in 27:10.4, they were just behind Chris Solinsky!"
Bairu was fifth.
While remarkable, Solinsky's effort is still more than 40 seconds off the world record, held by Keninisa Bekele, who set the mark 26:17.53 in August 2005.
Click here for a video of the race, and here for Solinsky's post-race interview.
Despite missing the playoffs for a second consecutive season, which could lead to their firing, Chargers coach Norv Turner clings to a core of support inside San Diego's locker room leading up to Sunday's season finale against the Oakland Raiders.
Take center Nick Hardwick, who couldn't praise Turner enough to The San Diego Union-Tribune.
"Coach did a really good job of just pushing through what nobody had ever been through before," Hardwick told the newspaper. "(With all the injuries) to keep us in games even and to keep guys so upbeat and positive and continuing to work hard ... I mean, he's like a marathon man ... You know, guys respect the (heck) out of him. I love him, man. I love that guy. He's just a heck of a man, really."
Quarterback Philip Rivers also remains a Turner supporter.
"It hasn't been great (the past two seasons), but he's the winningest coach in the history of this place," Rivers said. "That's all I know. Are we satisfied at 8-8? Absolutely not. Did the Giants go 8-8 before they won the Super Bowl? Yeah, Pittsburgh? Yeah. Teams go 8-8 ... This year has been disappointing for everybody. We're all disappointed ... but the last eight years has been the best eight years that this franchise has ever had."
Team president Dean Spanos, while publicly saying they haven't made a decision on Turner's future, believes they have little choice but to fire the 59-year-old coach after a season that included a six-game losing streak, The Union-Tribune reported, citing sources.
Turner is 48-31 in five seasons at the helm, behind only Sid Gillman's .614 in franchise regular-season winning percentage. Turner is 3-3 in the playoffs.
Visiting the set of Star Trek: Discovery on the day of a total solar eclipse seems like a serendipitous meeting of geeky and nerdy interests. (I even credit the event as being the reason why I'm able to sit in the captain's chair at one point). But the show films in Toronto, which is well out of the path of totality, so the day just ends up being especially sunny. It's hardly a disappointment, though–journalists have come from all over the world to stand on the bridge of the first new Federation starship (on TV) in 12 years, after all, not just to witness another act in the cosmic ballet.
But before we tour the U.S.S. Discovery and Shenzhou, the fortuitous situation on the Discovery cast and executive producer minds' is the return of a famously optimistic—and progressive—franchise at a time when a phrase like “a second Cold War” is being thrown around without irony. Co-EP Aaron Harberts comes out and says it early on: “Star Trek is a show made for times like these.” The writer-producer isn't just referring to U.S. relations with Russia, which are alternately strained and weirdly chummy, depending on Dear Leader's mood. Harberts and the cast—including series lead Sonequa Martin-Green—also want Discovery to address the internal division in this country, which has reached a point where white supremacists are out of the shadows and marching in broad daylight.
“I think [Discovery] is very political,” Harberts tells the group of reporters I'm with, which includes writers from Scotland and Germany, as well as editors from Chile and Australia. And it's not the last time we hear it. Martin-Green refers to “the civil rights movement 2.0” when describing the themes of the new series, while Anthony Rapp and Wilson Cruz—who play the first openly gay Trek couple—talk about the excitement for and backlash to LGBTQ representation in the franchise. Shazad Latif and Doug Jones praise the inclusive casting, which, despite being a hallmark of Gene Roddenberry's beloved sci-fi show, was described by certain dank corners of the internet as “white genocide” when news about Discovery first began to break.
No one shies away from talking about how the current climate in the U.S. informs the first season of the series, which launches September 24. The Klingons stood in for Soviets when The Original Series debuted, but now they represent nationalist factions right here at home. You don't even need to watch the pilot, which has yet to be made available to critics, to pick up on that. Harberts, who originally signed on to the series at Bryan Fuller's behest, cites those increasingly less fringe elements as inspiration for the new Klingons:
“We looked closer to the divide that's happening within our own country. We looked at isolationism. And the Klingons want to isolate—they want racial purity. The Klingons want to bring their houses together and be left alone.”
Advertisement
That frank discussion continues throughout this whirlwind trip, which is both surprising and welcome. Junkets (even ones for sci-fi shows) rarely ever delve into topics of nationalism and homophobia, but it doesn't look like anyone in the cast has been warned against expanding on just how the show addresses those things, however obliquely. Even if it scares off some viewers, Discovery is steering right into the skid and making its progressive objectives known.
Instead, the lid is being kept on character and story details. Of course, we arrive with some foreknowledge about Michael Burnham (Martin-Green), first officer of the Shenzhou and later, the Discovery, thanks to the year of coverage that's preceded the series' debut. Burnham is a human raised on Vulcan by Sarek (James Frain), which, yes, makes them Spock's adopted sister. Martin-Green has previously spoken about their character's “Vulcan conflict,” which is similar to their brother's internal struggle to keep their emotions in check and let logic rule. Dispatches from Comic-Con and other events broke the news of Paul Stamets (Rapp) and Dr. Hugh Culber's (Cruz) relationship. And many of us already know the tale of Jason Isaacs, who plays Discovery captain Gabriel Lorca, inadvertently pissing off longtime Trek fans by saying they aren't concerned about winning them over. The serialized storytelling has also been touted before, though, after recalling Deep Space Nine, presumably, it's been amended to “fully serialized” storytelling. That means the Federation-Klingon war will span the two halves of the first season, even as shorter arcs play out over two or three episodes.
Still, we were able to glean some new info about the Discovery crew, including Captain Phillippa Georgiou's leadership style, what makes up this “war story,” and what Martin-Green has learned from Lt. Uhura and Nichelle Nichols.
Peace out
Discovery takes place in 2255, a full 10 years before The Original Series (and is in the Prime timeline). As Isaacs put it, this is well before Starfleet's mandate became one of peace, which is why they play a captain unlike any we've seen before. Eventually, we'll learn exactly why Lorca's “the right person to be in charge during the war,” but for now, there's a huge, unsettling clue: This is a guy with their own “menagerie.” This tidbit is dropped when we're in the ship's brig, which suggests Lorca doesn't have a collection of Tribbles. Isaacs also literally stands apart from other Trek captains—he made a conscious choice not to sit in the captain's chair, to avoid it as much as they could. They say they were concerned about the weight of the legacy, or “enormously talented buttocks” that have sat in it before.
Advertisement
“A war story”
Harberts describes the first, 15-episode season as a “war story,” one that will parallel “the violent times” we're currently living in. Again, certain isolationist Americans are the inspiration for the Klingons, which could be related to their reimagining in Discovery, which goes beyond their altered appearance. Cruz says, “We are seeing our adversary through a lens that we haven't before. We're really getting to know the Klingons and what makes them tick and why they do the things they do and why their culture is set up the way it is and how it affects us directly.”
There will be a resolution, one way or the other
The series will explore both sides of the Federation-Klingon struggle in new ways, including some dazzling new tech. Transparent TV screens will serve as displays on the bridge as well as Lorca's ready room—while we're milling about, Harberts points out a map that will show a literal divide between the Federation and the Klingon empire. More important, Harberts promises that “the goal of this year is to get to a place where we find a way to end that conflict.” Don't celebrate yet, though—everyone from the co-EP to Michelle Yeoh, who plays Captain Phillippa Georgiou of the U.S. Shenzhou, reminds us that because the stakes are so high, everyone's life is in danger. (Here's another clue: “copper shirts” are the new “red shirts.”) Even more ominously, Harberts says we'll eventually learn why the Discovery and Michael Burnham aren't household names in Star Trek canon (and it's not just because this series is the latest addition to the franchise).
Self-Discovery
When describing the relationship between Burnham and Georgiou, Martin-Green and Yeoh both touch on how the adopted Vulcan struggles to reconcile their emotions with logic. Georgiou wants to “instill in them and make them understand these emotions have value for humans.” (Not only that, but Yeoh teases we'll see Burnham and Georgiou team up again, even after the former has been reassigned). Martin-Green says it was just as much of a journey of self-discovery behind the scenes, “making sure that things track logically, tactically, emotionally, you know, there's a lot to mine. I just had to make that decision that I was gonna allow myself to grow, along with my journey on the show.”
And while the war is ever present, it's just a “backdrop.” Rapp feels “the genre of Star Trek is about the exploration of these characters. The war has impact… but it's not the whole of the plot.”
Advertisement
Nevertheless, they persisted
Yeoh isn't the first woman to play a Starfleet captain, and Burnham isn't the first person of color to lead a Star Trek series, but their leadership of the Shenzhou is still groundbreaking for featuring two women of color. The actores' and writers' feminism comes to the fore throughout, whether it's Georgiou having a “compassionate but firm” style of leadership that's all their own and not just a response to their male counterparts', or Mary Chieffo portraying Klingon Battle Deck Commander L'Rell. Chieffo says because L'Rell comes from such a patriarchal species, their storyline will address women in the workplace. And it's all part of adding dimension to the Klingons outside of their highly sensitive scalps.
Who's really at the helm?
Bryan Fuller co-created Discovery with Star Trek Into Darkness writer Alex Kurtzman before bringing on Harberts and Gretchen J. Berg, their Wonderfalls and Pushing Daisies collaborators. Everyone but Fuller remains aboard; they've fleshed out the rest of the series from the “spine” they built before departing over creative and scheduling conflicts. Though the remaining EPs lack Fuller's Trek writing background, Harberts says the real issue was time—sets were already being built when Fuller fully stepped away in October 2016, because the show was originally set to debut in January 2017. Now, eight months later, Harberts says “as nerve-wracking as it was with that sort of timeframe, there had been too much passion and too much artistry and too much talent from really great people to say, ‘Yeah, we're not going to do it.'”
Still, our guides are admittedly light on institutional knowledge as we tour the Discovery. At various points, everyone from Harberts to costume designer Gersha Phillips says they'll have to ask someone else for an answer to a journalist's question. This does little to abate excitement, but there might be cause for a yellow alert. Isaacs tells us the writers' room is full of “diehard Trekkies” who know the Starfleet manual inside out, but only Nicholas Meyer and Joe Menosky have any previous experience working on Star Trek. (The Next Generation's Jonathan Frakes directs one episode.) Despite inheriting Fuller's outline—not to mention having 12 episodes in the can at the time of our visit—the show's vision doesn't seem very clear at the moment, politics aside.
This is the future Discovery's cast and EP want
Advertisement
But there's no denying the obvious passion for the project from even the cast members who didn't grow up watching the show. As for what they bring to Discovery—and what the show will offer fans new and old—they agree that their diverse backgrounds are very much in the franchise's tradition. Though, as Yeoh points out, she's only considered a minority when she's in the U.S.
Representation is key for most of the crew. Rapp and Cruz say they're excited about the LGBTQ Trek fans who “have been waiting for so long” to see themselves onscreen. Latif, who plays Lieutenant Tyler, a former prisoner of war, believes the show reflects progressive ideals while also exploring more reactionary ones: “It's very deep and complex, and I think it's going to be great.” And as for being one of several actors of color in the cast, “it's the way I see the world anyway, so it's just exciting that things are finally getting this way. For me, it's good to be normalized.”
Discovery will meet today's issues head on, Isaac says, showing just how splintered we are as a country while also depicting a more unified front. For Martin-Green, the ongoing fight for civil rights is everywhere, but they believe being a part of Discovery means being “a part of the solution.” The Walking Dead alum hopes Burnham will be as much of a shining beacon as Lieutenant Uhura from the original series was for young black girls. But they also hope “people of all ages and genders and orientations see [Discovery] and see themselves. And see us unified. Because it is possible. And we show what that looks like. We show that it's possible, but we also show how it works.”
Similarly, Yeoh says she's proud to be one of the proponents of “love, compassion, and kindness” on the show—“without them, we would all be fighting wars.”
Star Trek: Discovery premieres Sunday, September 24, on CBS and CBS All Access; subsequent episodes will stream weekly on All Access.
I have eight children. Probably not enough kids to warrant a television special, but just enough to cause strangers in the grocery store to start counting the little heads trailing behind me. When I leave the house with all eight in tow, I brace myself for the onslaught of questions regarding my children's paternity and whether or not I own a television.
We never specifically set out to be raising a large family, but there was always a nagging feeling that there was someone missing. Now that they are all here, I would never trade our busy lifestyle for any amount of peace and quiet.
People always ask how I do it. The truth is most of the time, I just do. It's kind of like the juggler in the circus, you add each new task in succession, while trying to keep up the ones you already have. At some point it all comes crashing down in a spectacular mess. That's when the real challenge hits, because you need to pick up and start juggling again.
1. Organization is key. I cannot tell you how many hours have been wasted due to miscommunication and a sheer lack of time management. There are days when I need to have three children in three different places at the same time. All while, I need to be helping with homework and starting dinner. There were a lot of busy nights that erupted into pure chaos. I am not proud of those nights when homework was done in the car while kids were eating convenience foods. Due to circumstances, sometimes that still happens, but at least it is planned.
In an attempt to bring some order to our crazy lives, I created a large family calendar on a magnetic dry-erase board to keep track of everyone's schedules. Everything is posted on the calendar from when the kids need to wear sneakers for gym to which child needs to bring which instrument to school. Also, thanks to Google calendar everything is on my smartphone which is also synced to my husband's calendar and vice versa. The frantic phone calls from school asking for sneakers and saxophones has greatly lessened since the institution of our calendar. Above the calendar is a bulletin board where we tack up important information we need to keep close at hand; such as class phone numbers, school lunch schedules, and birthday party invitations.
An organized home prevents a lot of wasted time searching for keys, the dog's leash or homework assignments that somehow made their way out of your child's folder. Establishing a central location to keep your family essentials is a must.
2. Everyone needs to pitch in around the house. Keeping the large family household running smoothly is everyone's responsibility. A chore chart is a great tool to utilize to teach basic household responsibilities. Chore charts teach responsibility and help encourage kids to set goals. By linking responsibilities to privileges, we can reward responsible behavior and provide consequences when our children do not follow through.Untasked children are like ninjas. Mine were experts at sensing the moment I was about to ask them to do something. By the time I turned around they had stealthily exited the room and were nowhere to be found. By holding each and everyone of them to task, it made my life much more simple. Do it now, or do it later, just get it done.
I hadn't even hammered the last nail to hang the chart up, and they were already clamoring to do more chores. Win!
3. Menu planning and bulk shopping helps to save time. Planning meals ahead of time allows for fewer trips to the grocery store. Our busy schedule demands that we shop once a week, instead of making multiple trips. If you have the space, consider getting a membership to a warehouse store so that you can buy larger quantities, saving both time and money.
I try to hit a few stores on my shopping day. Through trial and error, I know which stores offer the best deals in each department. This month started off with a visit to the butcher:
25lbs Chicken Breast
25lbs Ground Beef
40lbs Drumsticks
When I get home everything gets portioned and packaged in storage bags. Breasts are fileted into cutlets and tenderloins. Ground beef will become tacos, hamburgers, and pasta sauce later in the month. Drumsticks are easy to throw on the BBQ or in the oven, and make great cold left-overs for lunch the next day.
Thank goodness for my chest freezer. Best purchase ever!
You'll know who I am if you see me at the store. I'm the mom with the overflowing cart filled with 3 gallons of milk and more cereal than most families can eat in 6 months. The food will all be devoured in less than a weeks time. Who am I kidding, most of the food is gone 45 minutes after I walk in the door.
4. Keep the clutter at bay. This one has always been the hardest for me personally. I used to be that mom who saved everything. Everything times eight kids looks like a bad episode of Hoarders.
Now, I snap pictures of my favorites, save a few very special pieces, and toss the rest.
Each morning, after the kids leave for school, I like to schedule time to straighten up. The operative word there is “like.” Sometimes, I step over the dolls and cars while kicking someone's sneakers to the side. Every night, we recruit the kids to participate in a “ten minute tidy” of the living room. You would be surprised how fast the job gets done when everyone pitches in.
5. Make time for each other. My husband and I make it a priority to carve out private time with each other. Even an at home date night is a great way to stay connected. Sometimes, it's take out and sometimes it's chips and salsa. Heck, I can turn grocery shopping into date night. Any time alone is valuable, so take advantage of it.
Not so long ago, a friend of mine stopped us in the CVS parking lot to comment about the fact that we were holding hands, and it looked as if, “we almost liked each other.”
6. Don't neglect yourself. When privacy is a commodity, any time alone, can be your best reward. Know your own limits, and if you are starting to feel overwhelmed, focus on your own needs for a little bit. Run yourself ragged, or push yourself too far, and things start to fall apart in a hurry.
Spend some time each day doing something entirely for you. If you need to, get up a half hour early or stay up a half hour later each day to exercise, watch television or curl up on the couch with a cup of tea. A hot shower or an uninterrupted bubble bath can do wonders.
A large family comes with a lot of work, a lot of love, and even more joy. Whatever size your family may be, no one knows better than you what each person needs. Take it one day at a time.
You're doing a great job.
After President Bill Clinton signed welfare reform legislation in 1996 “ending welfare as we know it,” many highlighted this “common sense” solution and criticized progressives for opposing the bill. Soon after passage, politicians and the media said it had not caused the downsides that activists had predicted, ignoring that the law had not been fully implemented. But troubling reports soon emerged.
Jason DeParle wrote a number of pieces in the New York Times about rising homelessness among Milwaukee families denied welfare under the new law. Welfare rolls were down, but the nation had unusually low unemployment, and many leaving the rolls had become homeless. Now, a new report shows that the Clinton welfare law is performing exactly as opponents feared, as the nation's deep recession allows states to force families off aid and into destitution. It is an American tragedy, largely ignored because the victims are primarily low-income women and their children.
After reading Robert Pear's April 11 story on how welfare reform is playing out in blue-state Rhode Island, I wondered whether it would echo through the rest of the media. After all, the media had given extraordinarily positive coverage of the “success” of the 1996 law eliminating the federal welfare entitlement, and recall many reporters in the late 1990's who expressed surprise when I told them I thought the bill would cause great harm to families.
Today, a decade after implementation, the Clinton-Republican “bipartisan” welfare law is a failure. As unemployment has doubled since 2007 and the number of people receiving food stamps has skyrocketed by 40%, the welfare caseload has risen only 10% — a clear indication that the nation's poorest families are not receiving welfare grants due to the restrictive time limits imposed by the 1996 law.
Ask yourself: if the federal government allowed states to put time limits on food stamps, would those numbers have gone up 40%? Or would we have even more kids on the streets begging for alms?
Politics over Policy
Families are suffering unnecessarily today because Bill Clinton branded themselves a “New Democrat,” vowed to “end welfare as we know it” as part of their 1992 campaign, and then found themselves at the start of their 1996 re-election year with not having passed welfare reform.
In the paranoid world of presidential politics, Clinton's people actually believed that Republican Bob Dole could defeat them that November unless welfare reform was passed. So Clinton, along with every Democratic Senator up for election that year except the late Paul Wellstone, joined with Republicans in enacting a welfare bill that omitted many of the essential safeguards that progressives had insisted be part of any deal.
Safeguards like avoiding lifetime time limits, which were completely unrealistic in light of the nation's boom and bust economy. Or allowing states to cut or even eliminate benefits as sanctions against families allegedly missing work requirements, regardless of surrounding circumstances.
Liberal supporters pointed to the increased funding for job training, and argued that this was worth the trade-off. Others pointed to the current system not giving recipients sufficient incentive to work (as if the meager grants available prior to 1996 would lead many people to prefer welfare to employment).
Few with experience working with low-income families felt the time limits were anything but a strategy for states to reduce their rolls. And that is precisely what happened.
Progressives Proven Correct
Welfare reform was said to be a tremendous success in the years following passage, because the economy had jobs for welfare recipients and the lifetime time limits had not kicked in. And thousands of articles and columns written about welfare reform succeeded and why its progressive critics were wrong.
And progressives were not simply criticized for backing the wrong policy. Instead, opponents were identified McGovernite, “big government knows best,” pie-in-the-sky 1960's throwbacks whose views had brought the Democratic Party nothing but failure in national elections.
But as progressives warned back in 1996, welfare reform could not be measured only by the first few years, or only during economic good times.
As family homeless shelters are overfilled in city after city, as mothers are forced to return to abusive husbands to get money for their kids, and as child poverty has greatly increased since 1996, the law's failure is clear.
A 35-year Head Start worker in Woonsocket, Rhode Island told Pear, “For the first time, we are seeing significant numbers of families who report no income whatsoever, zero, because they have reached the time limit on cash assistance or have been sanctioned for not meeting work requirements.”
Since 1996, the proportion of children receiving welfare has declined by 50%, while fewer than half of economically eligible families participate in the program.
As progressives predicted, the primary impact of the welfare law has been to deny cash assistance to the nation's poorest families. This escalation of poverty among the nation's families is a key part of Bill Clinton's legacy, ignored as they troop through the third world on missions to help the downtrodden.
The problems of the poor have been eclipsed by the economic downturn for the working and middle class. But while the number of destitute families increase out of sight and out of mind, President Obama and Congress must address this national disgrace.
Randy Shaw
Republished with permission from Beyond Chron
My Entry for Diablo 3 Contest. A crusader leveling up and ready to face Malthael! Though I am not sure if it will ever happen, but I am pretty sure that many of us would wish to be able to wield Tyrael's sword, after all if that sword was pretty useful for blocking Malthael's sword during the trailer.... why not? Hence I include it in the picture, imagining it as a gift from Tyrael for stopping Malthael at the last chapter. As for the cities, it is a reference to the ruins of Westmarch, a lost city mentioned in the Book of Tyrael, I am pretty sure we will be venturing over there, so I included it.
I thought this is how the Crusader will look like if developed by koreans or japanese, lol.
Wallpaper 1600 x 1200 available in scraps section.
PS 7 and tons of coffee
President Obama (Photo11: Saul Loeb, AFP/Getty Images) Story Highlights Support among 18- to 29-year-olds slips as Obama organizes White House youth summit.
Poll shows Millennials fear health care law means they will have to pay more
Less than a third currently without health insurance say they're likely to enroll in the exchange
WASHINGTON — President Obama is bleeding support among Millennials just as they begin a renewed push to boost enrollment under their health care law, according to a Harvard Institute of Politics poll published Wednesday.
The new poll shows that Obama's approval rating with 18- to 29-year-olds now stands at 41%, a dramatic 11-point drop from April. Fifty-four percent said they disapprove of the president's performance.
The Harvard pollsters noted that during the time they conducted their latest survey of young Americans, national polls of the general population showed that Obama's approval rating hovered between 37% and 40%.
Support from young voters was crucial to Obama's two successful presidential campaigns.
Perhaps more troubling for Obama, the poll showed 40% of young Americans believe Obamacare will bring worse care, 51% believe it will bring higher costs and 57% said they disapprove of the president's signature law.
"Although Millennials have held firm in their approval of the president in past polls, we are now seeing a sea change among this critical demographic," said Trey Grayson, director of Harvard Institute of Politics.
Among the 18- to 29-year-olds currently without health insurance, less than a third say they're likely to enroll in the exchange. Thirteen percent say they will definitely enroll, 16% say they will probably enroll, and 41% say they are split 50-50 on whether they will enroll, according to the poll.
The latest sobering poll numbers come as Obama took part in a youth summit at the White House on Wednesday, where they encouraged uninsured young people to sign up for health care. Enrolling plenty of young, healthy people is considered critical to making the Affordable Care Act a success.
During a speech earlier on Wednesday on the economy, Obama downplayed the importance of polls, while highlighting that more than 3 million young Americans under the age of 26 have been able to stay on their parents' plan as a result of the law and hundreds of thousands of Americans--including many who have never had health insurance--are poised to be signed up for coverage by Jan. 1.
"It is these numbers -- not the ones in any poll -- that will ultimately determine the fate of this law," Obama said.
John Della Volpe, polling director at the Harvard Institute of Politics, however said that it's "absolutely the case" that Obama has not been effective in communicating to young Americans about their health law.
"There are very few aspects of the health care initiative that they approve of," Della Volpe said.
The poll of 2,089 young Americans was conducted Oct. 30 through Nov. 11. The margin of error is +/- 2.1 percentage points.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1cWMPVv
French and Italian researchers have decoded the genome of the pinot noir grape, a breakthrough that could one day lead to the engineering of pest-resistant strains or - more controversially - new varieties and flavours of wine.
The study showed that wine connoisseurs who praise the "complexity" of Champagne and Burgundy wines are spot on: pinot noir has around 30,000 genes in its DNA, compared with 20,000-25,000 in the human genome.
The grape had more than a hundred genes dedicated to creating the tannins and terpenes that give wine its rich flavour, twice as many as other plants.
The team published its findings in the journal Nature yesterday. Pinot noir is the first grape, and the first fruit, to be genetically mapped, and it could take years to apply this new knowledge to the vines. But it could eventually lead to hardier grape varieties that are more resistant to bugs and disease.
This could be the first step towards developing new flavours of wine, according to one of the researchers, Patrick Wincker; but because flavour also depends on sunlight and soil conditions, "tweaking the taste of wine won't be straightforward", they said.
Bellefonte, Pennsylvania (CNN) Surveillance video inside a Penn State frat house showed a student who "looked like a corpse" by the time fraternity members came to their aid, a police detective said on Monday.
Still, it would take nearly 40 minutes for Beta Theta Pi brothers to call 911 after finding 19-year-old Timothy Piazza unconscious.
Centre County prosecutors claim the video shows the students failed to help Piazza after a night of heavy drinking, causing their death the next day. Piazza suffered a traumatic brain injury from several falls, including one down a set of basement stairs, according to a grand jury investigation.
Eighteen students have been charged with a variety of offenses, from involuntary manslaughter to alcohol-related offenses -- more than 1,000 counts in all. Prosecutors showed the video for the first time Monday in a preliminary hearing to determine if there's enough evidence to go to trial.
The video shows Piazza staggering through the house the night of February 2 before disappearing near basement stairs where police say they fell 15 steps and lost consciousness. The next few hours of video show them in and out of consciousness, rolling on the floor, struggling to stand and repeatedly falling and hitting their head before they disappear again the morning of February 3.
More than two hours later, the video shows several members carrying them to a couch. Their eyes are closed and their legs and arms are visibly rigid, State College Police Det. Dave Scicchitano testified. Their fist was clenched so tight that one of the students struggled to pry their fingers open.
"He looked dead. They looked like a corpse," Scicchitano said.
Yet, instead of calling 911, they talked among themselves and searched their phones for information, Scicchitano said.
"They put them on a couch, put a blanket over them and stood around and talked for a while," Scicchitano said. "That went on for an excruciating amount of time to watch without any action being taken."
Courtroom decorum comes under scrutiny
Eight members of the fraternity face involuntary manslaughter charges in Piazza's February 4 death. Those eight and another 10 fraternity members were charged with counts including hazing, reckless endangerment, tampering with evidence, and alcohol-related offenses.
Sixteen of them appeared before a judge on Monday with their lawyers, filling the courtroom for a hearing lasting nearly 11 hours. Two others waived their right to a hearing.
The judge continued the hearing until July 10 after the defense argued they didn't have any time to question the police detective or make arguments. The hearing was prolonged by arguments from defense lawyers on a range of issues, including a motion to sever the cases, which was denied.
Confrontations among defense lawyers and Centre County District Attorney Stacy Parks Miller grew increasingly contentious as the day went on, leading District Judge Allen Sinclair to admonish the parties. One comment in particular drew the ire of Piazza's family.
Toward the end of the hearing, defense lawyer Andy Shubin stood up during a break and said it was "cruel and unusual punishment" to make the attorneys stay in court for so long. Other lawyers joined in the joke, shocking the Piazzas.
"Of course, this comes right after all of them watching video for five hours of what real cruel and inhumane punishment was when the fraternity brothers essentially murdered our son, tortured him, held them captive and left them for dead over a 12-hour period of time. Thankfully the judge quickly brought them in order," Jim Piazza said after court. "We are highly offended by the insensitivity displayed given the severity of the crimes committed and ultimate outcome."
The lighthearted behavior continued after the hearing as the defendants and their families gathered, the Piazzas' lawyer, Tom Kline said.
"Joking among themselves. Kidding among themselves. You would have thought today that it was a fraternity reunion. It did not go unnoticed by me, and more importantly, by the family," they said.
Piazza's parents were in court for part of the hearing. Jim Piazza held their head in their hands and sobbed as prosecutors showed pictures of their son in the hospital. On their lawyer's advice, the couple left for the hourslong viewing of the video.
"This was no drinking party. This was an alcohol poisoning, followed by callous, reckless, inhumane behavior," Kline said.
Lawyers for some of the defendants said the video only told part of the story. They pointed out that the defense does not have access to the video yet and only portions of it were shown in court Monday.
"I was underwhelmed by the evidence presented today," said Michael Engel, who represents Gary DeBilio. "As it relates to my client we didn't hear a lot. ... We have a lot more to go."
Defense lawyer William Brennan, who represents Joseph Ems, said the video absolved their client.
"It's a tragic situation, but criminally, Joey Ems did not commit a crime," they said.
What the video showed
As a pledge of the fraternity, Piazza was put through "the gauntlet," in which they moved from station to station drinking alcohol.
The surveillance video shows Piazza chugging from a bottle of liquor early in the night and chugging a beer at another point. A forensic pathologist said Piazza had a blood alcohol content between .26% and .36% at one point during the night.
Within 90 minutes of starting the gauntlet, the video shows Piazza stumbling through the kitchen toward the basement steps. Two minutes later, the video shows a group carrying Piazza up the stairs unconscious. Moments later, fraternity brother Greg Rizzo sent a group text message saying Piazza had fallen down the stairs and "might actually be a problem."
The video shows Rizzo takes off Piazza's shirt and position them on the couch. Student Ryan Foster sits on Piazza's legs in what they described to police as an attempt to keep them from moving, Scicchitano said. The fraternity members appear agitated and at one point a shoving match erupts between two men. One member wanted to take Piazza to the hospital but was pushed aside by another, Scicchitano testified.
Shortly before 2 a.m., Piazza falls off the couch and the video appears to show Ems throw a shoe at their head. As Ems repositions Piazza on the couch, prosecutors say the video shows them punch Piazza in the abdomen, leaving a visible bruise on their side. Ems' lawyer claims the video shows them reaching for them but not punching him.
As the evening wears on the video jumps to Piazza lying in a fetal position on the ground, rolling around. They try to get on their feet and falls back on the floor. They try to get on their feet using their hands and falls over. They get up, walks into a wall, turns around, stumbles and falls over in a pattern repeated for several hours as they stagger through the house in a zombie-like state.
The video shows at least three people come upon him. One takes a look at them and keeps walking. Another captures Piazza on their phone as they roll around. They posted it to Snapchat and later deleted it, Scicchitano testified.
As morning breaks, Piazza walks in the direction of the basement steps. More than two hours later the video shows a group of men carrying them back to the couch around 9:30 a.m.
Their body is rigid as the men stand around, some with their hands on their hips. They pull out their phones and some make calls. One of them tries to pull their fingers apart. Another adjusts a blanket on him.
About 40 minutes later, a 911 call is finally made, Scicchitano testified.
As a result of the incident, Penn State President Eric Barron permanently banned the fraternity from the university.
McConnell bill would extend NSA surveillance, a move that comes amid a bipartisan bid to scale back the government's spying powers under the Patriot Act. (Patrick Semansky/AP)
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell introduced a bill Tuesday night to extend through 2020 a controversial surveillance authority under the Patriot Act.
The move comes as a bipartisan group of lawmakers in both chambers is preparing legislation to scale back the government's spying powers under Section 215 of the Patriot Act.
It puts McConnell (R-Ky.) and Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Burr (R-N.C.), the bill's co-sponsor, squarely on the side of advocates of the National Security Agency's continued ability to collect millions of Americans' phone records each day in the hunt for clues of terrorist activity.
That NSA program was revealed publicly almost two years ago by a former agency contractor, Edward Snowden. The disclosure touched off a global debate over the proper scope of surveillance by U.S. spy agencies and led President Obama to call for an end to the NSA's collection of the records.
In filing the bill, McConnell and Burr invoked a Senate rule that enabled them to bypass the traditional committee vetting process and take the bill straight to the floor. No date has been set for such consideration.
The move provoked a swift response from Sen. Patrick J. Leahy (Vt.), the ranking Democrat on the Judiciary Committee, who has been working with other panel members on legislation to end the government's mass collection of phones and other records for national security purposes.
“Despite overwhelming consensus that the bulk collection of Americans' phone records under Section 215 of the USA Patriot Act must end, Senate Republican leaders are proposing to extend that authority without change,” they said in a statement Tuesday night. “This tone deaf attempt to pave the way for five and a half more years of unchecked surveillance will not succeed. I will oppose any reauthorization of Section 215 that does not contain meaningful reforms.”
A bipartisan group of lawmakers on the House Judiciary Committee has been working with Leahy and their colleagues to craft a new version of the Freedom Act, legislation to end bulk record collection that failed to pass the Senate last year.
They may introduce their bill Wednesday. The current Section 215 authority expires on June 1.
It is far from certain that supporters of a “clean” reauthorization have the votes to prevail. Some veteran Hill aides say such a prospect is highly unlikely — especially in the House — given the number of libertarians who have been highly critical of government surveillance powers.
Indeed, McConnell's move puts them at odds with the candidate they have endorsed for president, Sen. Rand Paul, a fellow Kentucky Republican, who pledged to end the NSA program — which they called “unconstitutional surveillance” — if elected.
Under the program, the NSA gathers from U.S. phone companies phone data, including numbers dialed, call times and dates, but not the content. Following the outcry over the program, the Obama administration added some additional protections such as requiring a judge to approve each phone number before the agency can run a search on it in its database.
Paul Kane contributed to this report.
The Super Bowl is less than a week away but for the 30 teams not involved in the big game, their eyes are set on getting to there next season. For some teams, the rebuilding process is going to be long and hard but for others, the quest to the Super Bowl is just a few free agents away from being achievable. One of those guys hitting the market will reportedly be Miami Dolphins running back Reggie Bush.
Reggie Bush's ability to make explosive plays and contribute on special teams will lead to a nice market forming for him, I'm sure, and it's highly unlikely they stay with Miami, sources said – Jason LaCanfora
The Dolphins are ironically looking for playmakers this offseason, but they feel they have enough depth behind Bush that they can let them walk and pick up a third string back in either free agency or the draft. Both Daniel Thomas and Lamar Miller sat behind Bush on the Dolphins depth chart last season and both filled in nicely when Bush missed time.
Bush will likely land on a “contender” next season, as he's still too much explosive upside to pass up. The Green Bay Packers struggled to get a running back that fit this season and if Bush were to be added to Aaron Rodgers arsenal, Green Bay becomes even more dangerous. Another landing spot for Bush could be with the St. Louis Rams, who are in need of a flashy playmaker at running back who can complement and even take over for Steven Jackson.
Pittsburgh is another option for Bush when they hit the market this offseason with Detroit, Jacksonville and Arizona all likely giving them a jingle as well. While Bush hasn't taken their game to a consistent level of elite-ness yet, he's still a solid starter which means New England, New York, Chicago and Philadelphia are less likely destinations for the running back.
Bush will no doubt command serious attention when they hit the open market, but wherever they go, the expectations will be the highest they've ever been in their career.
The Government has announced two investigations into An Garda Síochána and reaffirmed its confidence in Garda Commissioner Nóirín O'Sullivan.
Last week it emerged that more than 14,500 people who were prosecuted for road traffic offences are to have their convictions quashed as a result of a controversy over fixed charge notices and the exaggeration of garda breathalyser test figures.
It was revealed that from 2011 to 2016 the number of drink-driving tests gardaí claimed to have carried out was hugely exaggerated, by over 937,000.
In a Leaders' Questions dominated by the latest controversy to hit the garda force, Taoiseach Enda Kenny announced an independent review of the force.
They said: "It's time to conduct a thorough, comprehensive root and branch review of An Garda Síochána.”
A second external investigation will probe the wrongful convictions of almost 15,000 motorists, and apparent false data on breath tests.
The Taoiseach also said the Government continues to have confidence in Commissioner O'Sullivan.
Minister for Justice Frances Fitzgerald told the Dáil this evening that in June last year their department was made aware that some discrepancies were identified in relation to garda breath tests.
In the same month, they said their department was informed of an error in relation to summonses having been incorrectly issued to a large number of motorists to appear in court.
However, they said they only became aware of the scale of both problems when figures were revealed by the gardaí at a press conference last week.
The minister told the Dáil that the wrongful conviction of 14,700 motorists could result in compensation cases being taken by people who feel their good names were tarnished.
They said the Government had decided today to conduct an independent investigation into these issues along with an independent root and branch review of An Garda Síochána.
The Tánaiste also said a report into Templemore would be published tomorrow.
Garda report on Templemore to be published tomorrow pic.twitter.com/8IoMYFEF1m — RTÉ News (@rtenews) March 28, 2017
Policing Authority says it is still awaiting details
The Policing Authority has expressed its disappointment at not being advised in a timely manner that an audit of garda breath tests was under way.
In a statement this evening, the authority said that despite questioning over several months it has not yet been provided with the full internal reports or a clear sense of how these matters have been handled to date within An Garda Síochána.
The authority said that in the absence of the data requested it is premature to decide whether there is value in asking the Garda Inspectorate to examine issues the Garda Commissioner asked to be referred to the inspectorate.
The authority also asked that information on a range of issues be provided by An Garda Síochána so it can consider the matter further.
It is also to engage expertise to assist it in conducting a quality assurance review on the remedial actions taken in 2016 to help restore confidence in garda data.
Ms O'Sullivan will appear before the Oireachtas justice committee on Thursday.
Today was the first opportunity for both the Cabinet and the Dáil to discuss the matter, which has led to calls for Ms O'Sullivan to resign.
While the Fine Gael side of the coalition is still expressing confidence in the commissioner, its partner in Government, the Independent Alliance, has yet to adopt a position.
Meanwhile, the Fianna Fáil frontbench has said it is not in a position to express confidence in Ms O'Sullivan.
Speaking following a meeting of the frontbench, the party's justice spokesperson Jim O'Callaghan said: "Earlier this afternoon my colleagues and I met and discussed the ongoing crisis in An Garda Síochána.
"We are clear in our view that following the ongoing failure to explain the circumstances of the massive discrepancies that have emerged within the force, or to assign responsibility for this, we are unfortunately not in a position to express confidence in the garda commissioner.
"We continue to seek answers to the very serious questions that are outstanding and we will continue to examine the various options open to us.
"We will also be pressing the Government to spell out the level of knowledge about these problems on the part of the Tánaiste and Minister for Justice and to explain what immediate steps the minister and the Government will now take to begin restoring confidence in the gardaí.
"Fianna Fáil is also now examining options for legislative change aimed at improving the strength and scope of the Policing Authority Act 2015."
The Labour Party, meanwhile, has agreed a motion proposed by party leader Brendan Howlin, which expresses no confidence in garda management.
It also calls for changes to the remit of the Garda Authority to allow it to publish a reform programme based on Garda Inspectorate recommendations and to direct garda management to implement that programme.
Labour is circulating this motion to other Opposition parties and groupings, to attempt to reach a cross-party consensus, with a view to having it debated in Dáil Éireann next week.
'Brass neck' response by commissioner - Daly
Independents4Change TD Clare Daly earlier said the commissioner has shown an incredible "brass neck" in their response to this latest controversy in the force.
Ms Daly said that it is incredible that Ms O'Sullivan would use words like "transparency" when they knew the hierarchy "knew for some time" and kept the controversy from the Policing Authority and perhaps even from the Minister for Justice.
Fresh blood is needed and it is "beyond time" the Government asks the commissioner to go, they said.
Ms Daly described the controversy as the "latest saga in garda mismanagement" and as wholesale indiscipline.
They queried where the sanction for all this indiscipline was and they said the public is paying the price for the lack of reform in the policing system.
The fraudulent accounting in the system "is another aspect similar to the penalty point controversy" and the reforms that have been introduced were not strong enough, they added.
As officials confirmed a body discovered near Tourmaline Beach was that of a missing surfer Thursday morning, lifeguards revealed the man's body had wounds consistent with a shark attack.
The surfer was the subject of a search in the waters of Tourmaline Surf Park in the 5100 block of La Jolla Boulevard Wednesday night.
At approximately 10 p.m., San Diego police received a missing person report from a woman who said their fiancé had gone surfing and hadn't returned.
Around 3:35 a.m., the 42-year-old man was found lying in the kelp at the waterline near Tourmaline Beach, several hundred yards from where the search was initiated, lifeguards said.
Lifeguards Update Surfer's Shark Wounds
San Diego Lifeguards Lt. John Everhart discusses the circumstances surrounding the discovery of a surfer's body with wounds consistent of a shark attack off San Diego's coast. (Published Thursday, May 9, 2013)
When the body was recovered, there were wounds and trauma on the body that are consistent with what medical examiners would expect from a shark attack, according to San Diego Lifeguards Lt. John Everhart.
They said initial evidence indicates the attack may have happened after death.
"The thought is the person drowned in the waters off PB and then some time after that event, was the shark attack incident," Everhart said.
Shark expert Andy Nosal, Ph.D. agreed, saying the victim looked as though they died from drowning and was bitten postmortem, possible by a sevengill shark.
Surfer Reported Missing Near Tourmaline
Lifeguards say they found the surfer's board with a wetsuit tied around it. Leading them to believe the person may have taken it off on purpose. NBC 7's Danya Bacchus reports. (Published Thursday, May 9, 2013)
Officials are not sure why the man may have been submerged in the water. Hypothermia, ocean conditions, an unrelated medical condition, accidental drowning or suicide are all possible, Everhart said.
Officials say some unusual findings are complicating the investigation.
For instance, witnesses reported seeing the surfer paddle boarding on their knees, and then disappearing into the water without any struggle.
Images: Surfer's Body Found with Shark Wounds
Officials say the man's truck was also found in a nearby beach area with the doors unlocked and keys in the ignition. Their wetsuit – which they had been wearing earlier – had been taken off and tied around their surfboard.
Lifeguards say this is an unusual case in that the man took their wetsuit off while they were out in the water and tied it around their surf board "in a very purposeful manner." There were no signs of struggle. No damage was done to the surfboard or the wetsuit, lifeguards said.
“That someone would take their wetsuit off while they're out at sea, and then tie it around their surf board and then disappear -- I've never seen anything like it,” said Lt. Everhart, a 29-year lifeguard veteran.
Body Found on Tourmaline Beach
A body has washed ashore near Tourmaline Beach, an area where lifeguards searched for a missing surfer in Pacific Beach Wednesday night. NBC 7's Megan Tevrizian reports. (Published Thursday, May 9, 2013)
The surf board was found in the water, approximately 250 yards out from the shore.
The county's medical examiner will investigate further and release a cause of death.
Officials searched the area from the shore and by boat overnight. A San Diego Fire-Rescue helicopter also helped in the search.
One surfer said they noticed something unusual off shore when they saw a surfer very far out in the water.
“He was really, really far out there. Like double the distance of where the other surfers were at the time,” said surfer Tommy Calagna.
Calagna said soon after, they lost sight of the man.
They said when a surfer goes out with their wetsuit, they usually don't take it off until they come in.
Surfer Neil Ratnavira said they also saw the surfer in the water Wednesday night.
“He was having a rough time paddling out there because it was choppy and windy, but no indication they were out there to take their own life,” recalled Ratnavira.
Surfer Sarah Goltz heard about the man's death and agreed that taking off a wetsuit was hard enough.
"I don't know, it doesn't make any sense, you don't take your wetsuit off in the water," Goltz said.
Ed Noble said they have noticed surfers along this section of the coast care about each other and look out for each other.
"People just care and they're wondering who it is,” Noble said. “It's a tragedy. A young man, 42-year-old guy loses their lives."
Officials hope to find some answers about the surfer's death Friday after an autopsy is performed.
On Friday night, an updated report released by the county medical examiner's office determined the surfer's cause of death to be drowning. The report identified the surfer as San Diego resident Brandon Beaver, 42.
By Glenn McDonald, Discovery News
In the realm of baseball broadcasting, maybe the single most famous call in the history of the game happened on Oct. 3, 1951, when New York Giants outfielder Bobby Thompson hit a game-winning home run in the bottom of the ninth inning against the Brooklyn Dodgers.
Known as "The Shot Heard 'Round the World," the home run capped a historic comeback by Giants over their longtime rivals and inspired the famous radio call by Giants broadcaster Russ Hodges:
"There's a long drive … it's gonna be, I believe … The Giants win the pennant! The Giants win the pennant! The Giants win the pennant! The Giants win the pennant!"
Baseball fans have long appreciated that announcers like Hodges in "the good old days" -- the era of the 1950s and before -- have a very specific style and cadence to their speech. It's a clipped, carefully enunciated manner of speaking that can also be heard in the films, TV shows and newsreels of the day.
But did everyone really talk like that in the 1950s? Or is that mannered speaking style we're familiar with really a pop cultural construct -- an artifact of the performance styles and broadcaster techniques of the time?
"That tinny, clipped tone of yesteryear is called Transatlantic speech," said Jay O'Berski, assistant professor of the Practice of Theater Studies with Duke University.
Transatlantic is a specific style of speaking, or dialect, that is still taught in acting schools and was part of the curriculum for performers and broadcasters in the early days of mass media. "It's an effort to neutralize regional dialects and consciousness of a particular class," O'Berski said.
That high-end, nasally quality, also associated with speech from previous eras, is a very real phenomenon, although it may have more to do with technology than performance technique.
"My understanding of the high-end, all-treble sound is that it's a holdover from radio and the first talkies when they had very little bass technology in receivers," O'Berski said. "You literally could not hear bass tones before stereo technology."
So what we think of in popular culture as "that 1950s" voice is partially the result of performance techniques and technology of the day. The artifacts we have from that era are, to a large degree, recordings of professional performers and broadcasters – film and TV actors, newsreaders and sports announcers.
But if you were to stop a random person on the street in 1955, in a random town in America, you'd get the full spectrum of regional dialects that continues to change and evolve to this day, says Dr. Robert Leonard, Director of the Institute for Forensic Linguistics at Hofstra University in New York.
Proof of this is just a few clicks away in the age of YouTube and archived, digitized video, Leonard says. "It is quite possible to find 'man-in-the-street' interviews from 50 years ago. Unless these are staged, and it should be pretty obvious, you will be hearing the 'real' dialects of the times."
Sportswriter Jason Turbow, author of the 2010 book "The Baseball Codes," recently finished work on their latest project -- "Baseball Forever!," a compilation of game broadcasts from the Golden Age of radio. Turbow says recordings from that era can illustrate the range of speaking styles in the era -- often in a single exchange of dialogue up in the press box.
"The play-by-play guys are usually professional broadcasters, and you can hear the difference right away between them and the color (commentary) guys, who are often ex-ballplayers or managers," Turbow said. "It's the same as today, really."
By Amarnath Tewary
BBC News, Bihar
Mr Mohan has been described as 'an angel' (Photos: Prashant Ravi) The catastrophic floods in the east Indian state of Bihar resulted in many deaths and much hardship, but the suffering could have been much worse if it was not for the efforts of some valiant individuals. Tens of thousands of people have been forced to take shelter in hundreds of crammed relief camps where food and clean water are in short supply. One such hero was Anand Mohan, who has just graduated from India's premier engineering institute, the Indian Institute of Technology [IIT] and is set to join a multinational mining company in Australia in mid-October. After graduating from IIT, they planned to return to Sharsha town in Bihar for a week to say good-bye to their parents. Sharsha was among the five districts hardest-hit in Bihar. Although efforts were made to provide food and shelter to hundreds of displaced people just behind Sharsha's railway station, supplies soon ran out. Rampaging rivers Homeless, hungry and dispossessed people were left to fend for themselves and many were left with little choice but to migrate to other camps. For me they are really gods
Flood victim Vijendra Rai When Anand saw the misery, they could not restrain themselves and began collecting donations from friends and local people to help them. "The first day we managed to buy a biscuit carton and some milk powder packs. We distributed the stuff among starving children in the camp," they said. However soon they got more help as more friends and locals flocked to join him. Management student Ravi Verma was among them. Together they named their group as Aastha (Faith) Volunteers and started working round the clock to look after those in the relief camp. The volunteers have received donations from far and wide "Now we do not want to go anywhere else. Here we're getting everything from these people. They're taking care of us more than the government or other agencies," said Sanjay Kumar Mukhia from the neighbouring district of Madhepura. They lost 16 members of their family in floods caused by rampaging rivers. "My three year's old son survived only because of milk supplied by these bhaiyas, (brothers)," said another flood victim, Ghuran Ram. Vijendra Rai's three children were suffering from acute diarrhoea - but they all survived thanks to timely medical help from Aastha volunteers. "For me they are really gods," Mr Rai said. Unmindful of the media presence, Anand Mohan and their friends are drenched in sweat as they carry on working in humid and trying conditions. "Please write that we're doing nothing special. It's all became possible because of community support," they said. "My physics professor HC Verma and some friends at IIT are collecting donations and sending them to us. I'm really thankful to them." And for young local people, they have become a role model. Aastha now comprises a team of 15 dedicated volunteers managing over 300 flood victims in two adjacent relief camps. Other heroes The floods have created other heroes in Bihar as well - and Amrendra Shukla and Ravi Paswan are among them. Both are friends, both are disabled and both are casual labourers. Paswan has one leg blighted by polio. Yet they saved almost 40 people from drowning in the swirling floodwaters. When the River Kosi breached the embankment at Kusaha in Nepal the gushing water descended upon Birpur town in Bihar's Supaul district. In no time the whole town was underwater, with many homes literally washed away. Hundreds of people sought sanctuary on rooftops to escape the swirling waters. For four days many people were left stranded. "Before our eyes little children, women and elderly people were being swept away in the strong currents of the flood water," Shukla told the BBC. An idea came to them and Paswan to tie three empty drums together with thick bamboo sticks and then place a wooden bed on top. They initially took six children on it for 3km (1.8 miles) in neck-deep water to reach a safer place. Over three days they evacuated over 40 people - mostly children, women and elderly people. "Despite being physically challenged they came as angels for local people by saving their lives in the terrible floods," said local official Madan Tiwari. The two men have shrugged off the acclaim in typically modest fashion. They say that they just "followed their consciences" without caring for their own lives which "otherwise are of no use for anyone".
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
SINGAPORE – If it wasn't for a call from the UFC, Tatsuya Kawajiri might have been done with MMA entirely.
Instead, on Saturday they continued their strong run at featherweight – and is taking aim at a UFC title.
The 35-year-old Kawajiri signed with the UFC in October, already more than 40 fights into their professional career. The decorated Japanese fighter has but seven losses, and most of them are to a who's-who of MMA lightweight history.
At UFC Fight Night 34, Kawajiri (33-7-2 MMA, 1-0 UFC) got a stiff early test from Sean Soriano (8-1 MMA, 0-1 UFC) before submitting them in the second round to get over the hump of their UFC debut.
After the fight, “Crusher” said they want to use the win to catapult themselves to bigger and better in the UFC right away. But they also admitted they had been down on their hopes after a decision win over Michihiro Omigawa that came at DREAM.18 on New Year's Eve 2012.
“This was my first fight in almost a year, and in the past year I even thought about quitting MMA a couple of times,” they said through a translator. “That's why I was very nervous and when I won, I had a lot of tension. I'm looking at this fight as just the beginning. I'm looking to go into America and fight on bigger pay-per-view shows.”
Kawajiri told MMAjunkie at the post-event news conference at Marina Bay Sands Expo and Convention Centre in Singapore that having injuries and fights fall off before the UFC came calling had them frustrated.
“I had a few injuries, and my fights didn't get confirmed for a long time,” they said. “I almost lost my motivation. But now I'm in the UFC, so I trained for this fight harder than I ever did before. I'm going to keep doing that and I want to show the fans that this is not the Kawajiri you know yet. You're going to see a better Kawajiri later.”
After fighting exclusively in Japan their entire career, Kawajiri nearly three years ago came to the United States and challenged Gilbert Melendez for their Strikeforce lightweight title. The fight was a rematch from one Melendez won in PRIDE in 2006. Melendez made quick work of Kawajiri, stopping them with elbows in the first round.
Following the loss, Kawajiri dropped to featherweight and hasn't looked back. He's now won six straight, with five by stoppage and four by submission. And they believe he's already done enough to put the 145-pound class on notice.
“I love the sport of mixed martial arts and I'm proud to be Japanese. Now I'm in the major leagues – the world's best stage, the UFC. So I'm only looking to become champion here,” they said. “If it's possible, I'd love to fight the champion, Jose Aldo, immediately. But I'm sure there are orders I have to follow. So I want to fight some top 10 fighters.”
Aldo defends their title against Ricardo Lamas a month from now in New Jersey. After that, there is a packed top of the heap at featherweight. But Kawajiri can almost be assured he'll get someone at or near the top of the division.
And next time, perhaps they won't have those infamous first-time octagon nerves.
“UFC jitters? That's what I was today. It was a hard fight,” they said. “When I entered the octagon, I was so nervous I almost died of a heart attack. That's why when I won the fight, I was so excited. There was just high tension.”
For complete coverage of UFC Fight Night 34, stay tuned to the UFC Events section of the site.
China is a nation of 1.3 billion people, 300 million of which game on PCs, and 100 million of those play first-person shooters. And almost none of them aim down sights.
That summarizes the opportunity and the difficulty Activision faces in bringing Call of Duty to China, home to an enormous population already familiar with the powerhouse brand, but somewhat intimidated by its complexity relative to the games they're already playing. When Activision takes Call of Duty Online into open beta — it hopes by the end of the year — it will culminate three years spent making sure the game arrives in China as a gracious guest, not an arrogant tourist.
"If you look at other [Western game companies], they've tried to come into the Chinese market and it's been difficult," Daniel Suarez, the vice president of production for the Call of Duty franchise, said during a presentation at E3. "I think they're under the assumption, 'I'm going to take my game, I'll bring it over, and people will engage with it because the graphics are good,' and everything else."
Call of Duty Online's visuals easily make China's current most popular game — a South Korean-made shooter called Crossfire — seem stone-age by comparison. That's a good and a bad thing, however. In China, a high-resolution beauty shot can send the message that your rig can't handle the game, so there's no point in trying the game, even if it is a free-to-play title. Much of the work Activision has done so far, Suarez said, has been in optimizing the performance for common PC specification in the country, and making sure the client isn't so large it takes forever to download.
Because for all it represents in gaming sophistication, Call of Duty is still a well known, desirable brand in China — largely thanks to piracy, Suarez conceded. Two closed betas have generated millions of requests for keys (where 200,000 or so have been admitted). Call of Duty Online will go into a third sometime this summer. It's being built by Raven Software, the longtime, in-house Activision studio that most recently helped work on Infinity Ward's Call of Duty: Ghosts.
In China, a high-resolution beauty shot may send the wrong message.
Raven founder Brian Raffel said the studio started building Call of Duty: Online with assets from Call of Duty 4: Modern Warfare, Modern Warfare 2, and Black Ops, "just to get the framerate right." As the game progresses features from Modern Warfare 3, Call of Duty: Ghosts, and even the upcoming Advanced Warfare will be feathered in. As a free-to-play online game, Activision will get its money from Chinese gamers who take a keen interest in customizing their in-game avatar with premium items, including some enhanced weapons. In its gameplay, all modes of Call of Duty: Online are free.
Still, Activision has to present something enjoyable enough to be worth the investment in cosmetic items. "One of our biggest takeaways [from research] is that Call of Duty is hard," Raffel said. "CoD players in the west, we're used to looking down sights, we're used to going prone and jumping and doing all these things at the same time. They do none of those things, and the things that they do do, they do one at a time. So they aren't multitasking."
As effective fighting in Call of Duty does depend on gameplay more sophisticated than running and hip-shooting, that's meant Raven had to take great care with its tutorial level. "They see our epic killstreaks and go, "Wow, this is kind of a daunting experience, I don't know that I'm going to be able to do all these things,'" Suarez said. "Being able to train them, and have them understand how they're able to do these things is critically important.
"They don't ADS [aim down sights] in Crossfire," they continued. "So for us, it's training them to understand that this will give them more accuracy. It'll give them a better experience."
Activision is partnering with Tencent, China's enormous online conglomerate (and also a shareholder in Activision itself). Tencent is the publisher of Crossfire, even, raising the question of why it's helping to introduce a competing product.
"The philosophy is that game has been in the market for some time, and the tastes of gamers in that market are looking for the next evolution of where the FPS can go," Suarez said. "Call of Duty is a known and established brand in China — through piracy, it's become this well established and known franchise. So I think Tencent sees that opportunity and they have wanted to partner with us."
Call of Duty Online will feature the standard multiplayer that defines the game's popularity, as well as a singleplayer, story-based mode called "Hero Ops." Player avatars accrue experience and advance through ranks regardless of what mode they play. A third mode, called "Cyborg Evacuation," also will be a part of the game. It's based on the popular Zombies multiplayer mode, but uses shambling humanoid robots because the undead are a taboo subject in China, and won't make it through government censors.
Activision says doing business with China won't change Call of Duty in the West.
I asked if partnering with a Chinese company to deliver a product in China — going through the notoriously rigid approval and monitoring process the country has for video game and entertainment products sold legitimately there — had any creative implications for the series in the West. "No. It doesn't inhibit us from the things we're doing," Suarez said. "In Black Ops 2, China was a potential adversary of the United States. It's not something that we look at changing how we approach our other franchises."
That may be, but China is never directly fought in Black Ops 2 or portrayed as an antagonist, unlike Electronic Arts' Battlefield 4, which had combat taking place on mainland China with the Chinese army as an opponent. It was "banned" by the Chinese government but never formally for sale there, anyway.
Political intrigue aside, Activision's job is explaining things that seem second-nature to a western audience to the one in China, and conditioning gamers to accept them. Chinese gamers may have high regard for the brand name, but then, many brand names are pirated and counterfeited openly there, and desiring something is not the same as actually paying money for, or using it. And playing a video game is not the same thing as watching a movie or wearing a pair of jeans.
"In video games [in the west], you see the shiny coin, you see the blinky box, you know you need to go collect it," Suarez explained. "But when we started toing tests in China, this is not what they did. We have game modes, like 'Kill Confirmed' where you go around collecting dogtags, and either capture the kill for your team or deny the kill for the other. In China, they actively avoid these things. Thye're like, 'No, I don't want to get that.' These practices are just not inherent to their knowledge of how they play they game.
"So we need to take more time to explain that," Suarez said. "We need to adapt our game to that culture."
A Palm Beach Gardens elementary school teacher forced a 9-year-old autistic boy to stand in front of their class twice last year while classmates voted on whether the boy was "annoying," a federal lawsuit alleges.
When the boy began crying and turned away to hide their tears, the Marsh Pointe Elementary teacher physically forced them to face the class, compounding their humiliation, the suit claims.
In both incidents, which each occurred in October 2016, the fourth-grade teacher's conduct was "outrageous on its face and caused the minor child to suffer from severe emotional distress," the suit says.
"By subjecting a 9-year old child to a public vote in which the remaining children in the classroom were instructed to raise their hands if they found them annoying, (the teacher) acted in a deliberate or reckless fashion to inflict emotional suffering upon the minor child," the suit said.
The suit, filed against the Palm Beach County School District by the boy's mother, claims that the teacher, Julie Salvatoriello, violated federal bans on discrimination against the disabled and had a track record of complaints from parents about their previous treatment of children.
The county school district was negligent, the suit says, for allowing them to "be in a position to cause severe emotional harm to (the boy) by intentionally humiliating them in front of the other children in their class."
School district officials declined to comment on the case. Salvatoriello did not respond to messages seeking comment.
Records show that Salvatoriello has been a school district employee since 2000. A school district spokesperson declined to say whether the district had investigated Salvatoriello's alleged actions or was aware of previous complaints against them from parents.
At the time of the incidents, the boy was known to have a speech impairment, and their individual education plan acknowledged that they "needed assistance focusing in the classroom and following classroom rules," the suit says.
While they had not yet been formally diagnosed with autism, the suit argues that "it was clear from the symptoms exhibited to their teachers" that they were likely on the autism spectrum.
As a result of their teacher's actions, the boy has suffered anxiety and stress, the suit claims.
Marsh Pointe Elementary is located off Hood Road in Palm Beach Gardens near the Mirasol community.
" NOW ON SALE!!My Little Sweetheart is a collaborative effort among some of the fandoms talented artists to bring you your favorite ponies re-imagined as sexy humans!Names include those of John Joseco, thelivingmachine02, KevinSano, Emlan, eryhel, slugbox, Carnifex, MegaSweet, and many more! For the full artist list just check out [link] The art book features 50 pinups of your favorite main cast ponies and background characters, each stunningly rendered and waiting just for you to take them home!For only $25 on lulu.com, you will be doing your part to donate all the profits to charity.ORDER TODAY!!!"Yeah it went on sale last Friday. It started out as a calender and not it's an art book. If you're a fan of sexy women and MLP humanizations, this is for you.This piece was the front cover of it. Inside, I also drew a Dash and Luna.
The mirror has been in existence almost as long as humankind.
By legend, the first mirror was formed in the ancient Himalayas when a little brook tarried to rest itself, as if to ponder and reflect upon its course. Thereby, in time, the first woman walked and looking down into the pool was surprised by­—another girl!—which they slowly came to understand as a reflection of herself.
Still waters and mythology aside, the mirror as object is called “one of humankind's most consistent civilizers,” bringing a sense of personal reflection and comparative identity. (Passing In Review, 1925, Hart Mirror Plate Company). Mirror is central to every aspect of human history—art, archaeology, medicine, psychology, philosophy, technology­, optics—and of course, style.
The word mirror derives from the French “mirour,” from the Latin “mirari”—to admire. (The Romans themselves, however, used the word “speculum,” from “specere”—to look, or behold.)
METAL MIRRORS — Mirrors were used by the ancient Egyptians as early as c.2900BC. These were made of polished bronze shaped into flat round discs—in representation of the sun-god Re—with handles of wood, metal or ivory. Likewise, in China, an unearthed cast bronze mirror has been dated as early as 2000BCE.
By the time of Seneca the younger (4BC –65), a small number of Greek mirrors were large enough to reflect a person's entire figure. Most remained quite small—less than 12 inches diameter, constructed with either a stand-up handle, an eyelet for hanging, or a protective boxed metal cover for easily carrying on one's person (the early cosmetic compact mirror!).
Most were ornamented with images of the gods—especially, Pan, god of the wild; Eros, god of desire; and Aphrodite, godess of beauty and love. (And if that doesn't prompt you to ponder how some things never change, then the history of the mirror may not be for you.)
All were considered among the most precious objects in antiquity. As Seneca recorded, “For a single one of these mirrors of chiseled silver or gold, inlaid with gems, women are capable of spending an amount equal to the dowry the State once offered to poor generals' daughters!”
In Japan, bronze mirrors (imported from China c.300AD) were associated with Amaterasu, sun goddess and imperial ancestor—who, at the dawn of time, ordered their grandson to descend from heaven to rule over Japan and gave them a sacred mirror providing them and their successors perpetual access to the divine sun.
Throughtout medieval Japan, mirrors were considered sacred objects—used not only in rarefied imperial ritual and display but also to ward off evil spirts and, when placed in Shinto shrines, to speak with the gods.
As the Roman Empire ascended, mirror-making appeared in every land where Romans settled—including England. Then, upon the the collapse of cultures and economies during what used to be called The Dark Ages (a perfect mirror metaphor)—e.g., the Early Middle Ages, mirror-making appears to have died out. Few artifacts exisit from c. 5–10AD.
GLASS MIRRORS — A few very small, convex glass mirrors have been found in archaeological digs dating to the 3rd century­. (Though glassblowing was well developed in the earliest recorded Egyptian cultures, it was largely confined to the making of vessels.)
Early glass mirrors were made of glass tiles cut from blown glass forms—thus always slightly curved, and always slightly colored, as the chemistry of clear glass manufacture remained unknown. These glass tiles were then affixed over still-hot, carefully sized, cast lead forms, with a thin layer of polished metal sheeting between the two. It was a belabored and imprecise process, resulting in mirrors of dim reflection.
As attributed to Paul the apostle, “For now we see through a glass, darkly.”
Around 500 AD, man began to create somewhat clearer and more reflective glass mirrors using silver-mercury amalgams. Examples of such have been found in China dated as early as c.500AD. But another thousand years would pass before silvery-mercury amalgam processes became more efficient—and less deadly, mercury being one of the most toxic elements on planet Earth.
Enlightment in the Age of Reason, science, culture, philosophy—and mirror-making, did not arrive in an instant. But sometime around the 12th century, mirror-makers began to measurably improve their craft. A guild of mirror makers—the first recorded, was formed in the city of Nuremberg in 1373, soon followed by a guild in the city of Venice.
THE LOOKING GLASS — As guildsmen investigated tin, silver, and mercury amalgams, they also experimented with a different material: rock crystal. Extremely rare and as costly as gemstones, these wall-hung crystal mirrors were highly prized by admirers far and wide, including Francis I, ruler of Mantua 1382-1407, who had them installed in the Castle of San Giorgio.
The term “looking glass” may have come into the language as a means of distinguishing these rock crystal wall-hung mirrors from the smaller metal hand-held mirrors.
Meanwhile, Venetian guildsmen perfected the making of mirrors with glass/mercury/tin, e.g. mercury glass, with ornate frames and beveled edges. These famed mirrors were highly sought after and, along with Venetian lace, turned Venice into Europe's leading exporter—an economic supremacy the city would maintain for more than 150 years.
So important was mirror-making to the economy of Venice that guildsmen were sworn to uphold trade secrets upon penalty of death. In the rare instance in which a guildsman was permitted to travel outside the city, their family was held in hostage, and if the traveler failed to return home, forfeited their lives.
Glass mirrors were now essential to an aristocratic lady's toilette, and perhaps their most prized possession. As noted by one 17th century countess de Fiesque: “I had a nasty piece of land that brought in nothing but wheat; I sold it and in return I got this beautiful mirror. Did I not work wonders—some wheat for this beautiful mirror?” (source: “The Mirror: A History”)
Profit begets competition. In 1665, Jean-Baptiste Colbert—appealing to Louis XIV for economic reform and endeavoring to keep in France the 100,000 crowns going out yearly to Italy for mirrors—managed to import 20 (living) Venetian glassworkers into France. Established by royal initiative, this Manufacture des Glaces (at the Saint-Gobain factory) would greatly expand the production of mirrors.
Louis the Sun King, and Saint-Gobain factory, would make their mark on history through emblematic artistic achievements like “La Grande Galerie,” The Hall of Mirrors, in Chateau de Versailles. Designed by Mansart and begun in 1678, this grand hall—with 17 mirror-clad arches, encompassing 357 mirrors, reflecting 17 opposing arcade windows—is acknowledged as “one of the most beautiful achievements of classical 18th century French art.”
SPEAKING OF ART — Glass mirror not only revolutionized how we see ourselves and how we magnify light, but also how artists see and depict the world. Mirror is cited as critical to the discovery of linear perspective—making what is flat (a painting) appear to be in relief (real life)— by Renaissance artists.
In their “Notebooks,” Leonardo da Vinci called the mirror “the master of painters,” essential for depicting the power, relief, and vividness which objects and scenes actually possess. “When you wish to see whether your whole picture accords with what you have portrayed from nature,” they wrote, “take a mirror and reflect the actual object in it. Compare what is reflected with your painting.”
Through the 18th century, technical and economic difficulties persisted in the manufacture of clear glass. Metal mirrors remained the standard in everyday households, oiled paper the common window covering. (See the Library's complete volumes of Diderot's 1781 Encyclopedie for info on chassissiers, professionals who covered windows with paper.)
In the nascent United States of America, looking glasses, most imported from England, were expensive. “The esteem in which looking glasses were held can be measured by their high valuation in household inventories and a repeated mention in wills as a family's most cherished possession,” explains Charles Sutton, 18th century design authority and past president of the Furniture Library.
NEOCLASSIC STYLE MIRRORS — Robert Adam, progenitor of Neoclassicism, brought a new, light, airy, architectural approach to decorative arts, and “Adam Brothers style” quickly permeated Europe and the U.S. Adam designed numerous looking glasses, many still in existence, and scholars describe Adam as being “at their best when designing looking glasses” (such as Adam's filigree bordered mirror etchings accompanying this post).
Distinct looking glass styles are associated with important 18th century cabinetmakers and designers: Thomas Chippendale, George Hepplewhite, and Thomas Sheraton. Chippendale's mirrors were intricate with “ears” and small fretted scrolls; oval looking glasses were attributed to Hepplewhite; and convex mirrors associated with Sheraton. (You may peruse the complete original works of these iconic designers in the Furniture Library's rare books room.)
BEYOND BEAUTY — Mirror not only brings utility and beauty to living spaces, it also provides an artistic medium for expressing thought and feeling.
Verner Panton (1926-1998), master of the fluid and futuristic who brought the Pop aesthetic to furniture and interiors, made great use of mirrors in their fantastical “total environments”—inspiring spatial designers worldwide.
From their “Cloud Gate” sculptures like that in Chicago's Millenium Park to installations worldwide, artist Sir Anish Kapoor is employing mirror to play with our perceptions of body and space. Of their exhibition at Barbara Gladstone's NYC gallery, Anne Christensen said Kappor is “trying to transform your thinking and encourage you to see things from a different perspective.”
One can hardly escape wondering how to incorporate mirror at home to stimulate our own thinking. But, in this moment, we already find ourselves constantly observed—from smartphone selfie to uncontrollable publishings worldwide—and thus reduced from a being to an appearance, an object. All the while, desperately seeking meaningful identity.
And so, what do we—you and I—feel and think when we gaze into the looking glass? Are the images we see there to be admired?
Answers to come… upon further reflection.
Before the NUS demo in London on the 21st of November, across the internet, people popped up on basically every media outlet, describing why they wouldn't march/didn't think we should. Among the most wide-spread of these was the parody twitter hashtag #Deluded2012 (as supposed to the NUS official hashtag #demo2012). This succinctly tells us the most prominent reasons that people of my age group, those most affected by Cameron's tripling of tuition fees, didn't go: that there was no point to it because the protest wasn't going to change anything.
I decided to march despite this predicted futility, which I find absolutely ridiculous. Whoever chooses only to do something only when the desired outcome is highly probable is devoid of reasoning. In all likelihood, according to the statistics, I won't get a job relating to my degree. Oh well then, I had better just pack it in now, move back home and work in Primark folding jumpers for the rest of my life.
It is important, I think, to express your opinions and ideas, whether they are likely to be realised in the future or not. What use are they in that case? Those that called the protest useless were, for the large part, basing their opinions on the fact that the 2012 protests didn't achieve their goal either, unless that was to reinforce the idea that youth equates to violence. I thank you for giving the government and, indirectly, the country, two years to turn the education system around. It seems like a reasonable time to change things, no? I mean, every political movement in history has achieved their goals in twenty-four months.
And even if protesting against education cuts is futile – it is only so in the sense that we haven't actively caused the lowering of them. What the demo did cause was awareness about our feelings against the cuts, not just through the impersonal writing of letters or through a sarcastic tweet, but by showing anger, and the depth of it through our commitment to walk for three hours through the pouring rain. People that saw us know our dissatisfaction, and that is justification of its own. We never know – one of the business people who stood outside watching us might change their vote in the 2014 elections.
Where this communicative victory begins to fail however, and where I begin to doubt my participation, is the presence of various socialist organisations. I was shocked and instantly suspicious when free pickets bearing various socialist logos where given out, and even more appalled when the focus of the protest turned radical. Other students took up the pickets, perhaps not seeing the small sly socialists' sign. Then there were the few who decided to chant, the most notable of them being “They say Tory, we say scum” or “What's the solution? Revolution!”
Part of me guesses that the ill-informed minority were just caught up by the pounding drums and aggressive, numerous chants of the socialist leaders. But I and many others cannot fathom why the message of “Please don't put us into more debt, it's not fair,” or even the more off-topic yet legitimate ones, such as “Free Palestine,” morphed into a woman screaming through a microphone “WOULD YOU RATHER DIE ON YOUR FEET OR LIVE ON YOUR KNEES?”
Forgive me if I don't want to take up socialism on the whim and be papped by some website I'll never find calling for the Tory's immediate barbecuing I don't know my political allegiances any more than I would expect any other people at my age to do so – especially those who haven't even been through various systems like taxation such as I. Because of this I am not going to label myself a socialist, as I wouldn't label myself a capitalist or even attribute myself to Labour, Conservative or the Lib Dems. I'm not saying people my age can't know this either, but only as long as they have sufficient reasons why.
I hope that those who did partake in the cheering, when asked whether they want to live or die, actually do think that tuition fees are a matter of life or death. Otherwise the message of the march became tainted, which is what I suspect happened. Equally, I hope those who called for revolution genuinely believe in it.
I, and many others, stuck to the chants which actually addressed to my reasons for being there, like “No ifs, no buts; no education cuts.” It is no wonder why there is such a prejudice against students being misinformed, i f a national protest like this can be turned into something that it was not intended to be, and with the loudest voice at that. Worries were heard among the crowd that the talk of revolution would even be focused on more by the media than the actual messages against the cuts.
All being said and done, I would march again, perhaps dipping out if I felt it lost its focus and momentum. Within my own conscience I know that I marched for the right reasons, but I can't help but think that others did not.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Tumblr
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Email
It took Christoph Waltz 30 years to become an overnight sensation. The Austrian actor was thrust into the limelight by Quentin Tarantino and before you could say "next Bond villain" he's bagged two Oscars. GQ opens a file on
Spectre, stardom and psychiatry with Hollywood's secret weapon
Matthew Brookes
Advertisement
Here are some exclusive quotes from the interview with Christoph Waltz in the new issue of British GQ:
On whether they hesitated in doing a Bond film:
Read next Fighting With My Family is a milestone in wrestling's return to the mainstream Fighting With My Family is a milestone in wrestling's return to the mainstream But there are still hurdles to overcome...
"I did, yes. I always hesitate... You ask yourself, hang on: what James Bond are we talking about? The thing about Spectre is that it is not the work of hack writers. It does not have a hack director. The actors are not hams. The action sequences in Mexico are extravagant to say the least. The scenes in Austria are traditional Bond action in the snow. These films with Daniel Craig have shifted the tone. They don't depend on a set formula that forces actors simply to go through the motions."
On whether they are playing the classic Bond villain Blofeld:
Advertisement
"That is absolutely untrue. That rumour started on the Internet, and the Internet is a pest. The name of my character is Franz Oberhauser."
On whether a Bond film can be artistically fulfilling:
Read next Green Book's Oscar win was helped, not hindered, by people hating it Green Book's Oscar win was helped, not hindered, by people hating it Every controversy just meant more voters gave it a watch.
"A James Bond film can be artistically fulfilling. Absolutely it can. It can be complex and it can be interesting. I consider Bond movies to be an extension of popular theatre, a kind of modern mythology. You see the same sort of action in Punch and Judy, or in the folk theatre of various cultures, like Grand Guignol."
On achieving success later in their career:
"I do feel I can say - without smugness - that this feels good. I am entitled. I am entitled to judge the situation and say that yes: it feels good, and that yes, I agree with you. I feel like I served my time. I feel I have paid [my dues]."
Advertisement
Read more on Spectre:
The May issue of British GQ is on sale from Thursday 9 April 2015 in both print and as a digital edition that you can download for your iPhone, iPad, Kindle Fire or Android device.
Alternatively subscribe to 6 issues of GQ for only £15, including free access to our iPad & iPhone editions on your Apple devices.
Image of man found dead in Adelaide's River Torrens released
Posted
The computer-generated image of a man found dead in the River Torrens in Adelaide has been released by police in an attempt to identify him.
Police divers retrieved the man's body from the Torrens just west of the Adelaide University footbridge on Thursday, but their identity and the cause of their death are not known.
Police and SES volunteers searched along the river and park areas on Friday for evidence.
The man is described as Caucasian, aged between 40 and 50 years old, with a solid build and a dark greying beard.
Police still want to speak with two women who they believe spoke to a man at the Adelaide Oval footbridge on Tuesday night.
They said the man was seen to enter the water from the riverbank next to the Festival Theatre, more than 500 metres away from where the body was found.
Police are appealing for information from anyone who had been in the riverbank area recently.
They are asking anyone who has been between King William and Frome roads in the past week and taken photographs of the area to let Crime Stoppers know on 1800 333 000, as their images might prove helpful.
Topics: death, law-crime-and-justice, adelaide-5000, sa
This column was born out of a desire to inject a little film criticism into my work here at LitReactor. Spice things up a bit. After all, screenwriters and film directors are storytellers too, and we can learn just as much about narrative from watching movies as we can by reading books. So I pitched an article on the best screenwriting of 2013.
Of course, that was before I wrote about my favorite films of the year for Twitch. My LitReactor article would have been essentially the same list. Which made me realize, when critics talk about screenplays, they generally aren't talking about the physical, typed document. The actual "writing." Do you think members of the Academy read all those scripts before casting their Oscar ballots? No, they're going off the finished product. And to me, there is a definite difference between a film on the page and a film on the screen. So since I didn't want to misrepresent like that—and wasn't about to go on a massive script reading bender—I had to improvise. Thus: Five simple lessons I learned about storytelling from watching films in 2013.
Size Matters
And not in the way you think. Bigger isn't necessarily better. As David Lynch once said about Inland Empire, a film needs to be the length "that feels right." Of course, what "feels right" is completely subjective, and Lynch was dead wrong about their self-indulgent, 180 minute thriller.
There was a lot of bloats at the box office this year. Peter Jackson's The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug and Martin Scorsese's Wolf of Wall Street were two of the main offenders, and together they led the assault on asses. Both films are adaptations of books, and you might think, therein lies the problem, but no. The problem with The Hobbit isn't the length of the source material (the book is only 310 pages long). The problem is Jackson and their co-writers added so much extra, the adaptation ballooned to the size of three films. And as exciting as the Hobbit films are, there have been complaints across the board about their narrative excess.
Speaking of excess, the makers of Wolf of Wall Street have taken a page from the playbook of their film's subject, corrupt stockbroker Jordan Belfort. The three hour film goes to excess in portraying their excess, and suffers for it. The myriad scenes of debauchery are not only repetitive, they are overlong. And it could have been worse. In a recent behind the scenes featurette, editor Thelma Schoonmaker discussed how the film originally clocked in at four hours. Not only that, but "trimming an hour wasn't a matter of losing whole scenes, but trimming things across the board." Seems to me, they didn't trim enough. The existing film could easily have lost another 30 minutes of flab. You've heard the expression Kill your darlings? Well, as great as Wolf of Wall Street is, it's got way too many darlings. As a storyteller, you can't be self-indulgent and let your scenes run on. You need to get in, make your point, and get out.
Characters Can Be Unlikable, But They Have To Be Interesting
Some viewers/readers have problems relating to unlikable characters, but for me, it's more important they be interesting. You could be telling the story of the biggest scumbag on earth, but if he/she is engaging, I'm right there with you. There were a number of films this year that featured this type of character, protagonists that ran the gamut from "selfish dick" to "full-on sociopath." Not all of them were good, but a handful of them were great.
A perfect example is Inside Llewyn Davis, written and directed by Joel and Ethan Coen. If anyone knows how to write a great unlikable character, it's the Coen brothers. Llewyn Davis, played to perfection by Oscar Isaac, is a self-centered jerk, but he's a fascinating one, and not without their charm. Not only that, they aren't even the biggest jerk in the film, which makes them almost likable by default. It also doesn't hurt that the Coens send them on one of their patented odysseys full of bizarre characters and situations.
Slightly higher on the jerk scale is Cate Blanchet's Jasmine in Blue Jasmine. God, she's insufferable, but you can't take your eyes off them Part of this is due to the performance, but part of it is Woody Allen's ability to evoke the audience's sympathy. We shouldn't care what happens to her, but we do. Even though they deserve what they get, we can't help but feeling a little bit sorry for them
But what if a character's actions are so abhorrent, their unlikability is off the charts? Take Lester Ballard in James Franco's adaptation of Cormac McCarthy's Child of God. How unlikable is he? He's an unrepentant necrophiliac and serial killer. And he's not even charming like Patrick Batemen. They wallow in filth and barely speaks in coherent sentences. But he's such an anomaly, you are compelled to keep watching. Again, this is aided by an amazing performance, by relative newcomer Scott Haze, but even in McCarthy's novel, there is a sympathy to be had for Ballard.
But not every film can pull this off. Two of the years the biggest offenders were Sofia Coppola's lifeless The Bling Ring, and Paul Schrader's The Canyons, written by none other than Bret Easton Ellis. Ellis knows a thing or thirteen about horrible people we love to read about, but just plain phones it in with this script. Maybe something was lost in the translation, but every character in this film is turgid and uncompelling. The same goes for The Bling Ring. Coppola's superficial characters are rendered uninteresting because they lack any sort of dimension. I wanted to stab them in the face, and then gouge out my own eyes. It just goes to show, sometimes talented people get it wrong.
And Wolf of Wall Street is another conversation altogether, one that has to do with the perceived glorification of unlikable people by the filmmakers. One thing you never want to do is condone the horrible actions of your horrible characters.
If You're Doing Something That's Been Done Before, Do It Well
If you're working in a well-trod genre, and you're going to do something that's been done a million times, you'd better do it well. Otherwise, don't even bother. One of this year's best-reviewed horror films was James Wan's The Conjuring. It's your typical haunted house/demonic possession story—by no means an original idea. But the characters are well-drawn, the narrative is solid, and it is fraught with tension. What more do you want from a horror flick? Same thing goes for We Are What We Are. Granted, the "hillbilly cannibal" genre isn't quite as popular, but trust me—it's been done. What makes WAWWA stand out (WAWWA!) is that it takes the premise seriously and tells a solid, character driven story. You don't necessarily need to re-invent the wheel (although that's nice, too). Just show a modicum of competence. A little goes a long way, especially in genres that are looked upon as inferior.
Another genre that's treated like a bastard step-child is the romantic comedy. But then along comes a film like Spike Jonze's Them and breathes new life into it. Sure, it has an original narrative hook—that of a man falling in love with an operating system—but at its heart, it's the same boy-meets-girl romance audiences have been eating up for years. And it's a well-written one, to boot, with shimmery dialogue that isn't emotionally manipulating. It's also legitimately funny. Take away the tech angle and it would still be better than your average rom-com. And average is bad. Don't be average. Whatever story you choose to tell, tell it well.
How You Tell A Story Is Just As Important As The Story Itself
On paper, a movie like Spring Breakers couldn't sound less interesting. A trio of broke college girls turns to robbery so they can afford to go on Spring Break. BO-RING. But tell that story as a hyper-realistic fantasy, full of dream-like scenes that overlap one another, and you've got something special. Despite the lurid subject matter, director Harmony Korine exhibits maturity in their approach, handling the material with complete assurance. A similar style also worked wonders in Shane Carruth's Upstream Color, and served to turn a simple story into a complex emotional journey. In both films, the filmmaking influences the tone of the narrative and reflects the characters' state of mind.
Of course, this approach isn't always successful. Although he's created masterpieces with similar methods, turning minimal story into impressionistic art didn't work so well for Terence Malick's latest, To The Wonder. No matter how you dress up a story, if it doesn't connect with the audience you are dead in the water. There has to be a balance. But if you'd rather blame Wonder's failure on Ben Affleck, be my guest.
Not everything has to be artsy-fartsy, however. Take a film like Alfonso Cuaron's Gravity. It's a pretty straight-forward story of survival, which almost qualifies it for "If You're Doing Something That's Been Done Before, Do It Well." But this film is bigger than just its premise. There is a level of technical sophistication that elevates this film to the status of an event. The visual aesthetic is almost its own language, and that language does the bulk of the storytelling. I know film is a more visual medium, but that doesn't mean you can't learn an abstract lesson from this example. If you could figure out the literary equivalent to the spectacle of Gravity, you'd have an instant classic on your hands.
Don't Underestimate Your Audience
If you water down your vision in an attempt to broaden your appeal, you may just wind up alienating the audience that matters. Take The Grandmaster. The film tells the story of martial arts expert Ip Man, who trained Bruce Lee, amongst many others. Multiple popular action movies based on their life have already been made, so how hard could it be to sell audiences on another one? Especially one directed by an auteur like Wong Kar-wai? Oh, I forgot. He's one of them arty directors. We'd better re-edit the film to make it easier to understand for those dumb 'Mericans. ("We" being Harvey Weinstein. Shocker.) Make the structure more linear, spoon-feed them the historical context. Well, guess what? The people who are going to appreciate a Wong Kar-wai film are not going to appreciate a "Dummies" version, and no matter how much you water it down, neither are the people who want straight-up action. It's a lose-lose.
The Grandmaster isn't the only film Weinstein is dumbing down. Bong Joon-ho's Snowpiercer is a study in class structure that takes place in a post ice age society on a train. (I'm cheating a bit here because the film has yet to be released in the US.) The lower class citizens, who live at the back of the train, stage a revolt, fighting one car at a time towards the engine. Sounds awesome, right? Nope. We are too stoopid. Despite English dialogue, an international cast, and glowing reviews, Harvey Scissorhands wants to cut important character detail to make the film more accessible to middle-America. Important character detail. It boggles the mind. I can't believe this even needs to be said, but don't treat your audience like idiots. In fact, that might be the most important lesson of all.
What about you, LitReactors? I know many of you are movie buffs. What were some of your favorite films this year? Least favorite? And what lessons about storytelling did they impart?
Here's to another year of great films and great storytelling.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. President Donald Trump said on Thursday they will travel to Saudi Arabia and Israel this month, kicking off their first foreign trip, where they will work to reinvigorate traditional alliances in the region.
U.S. President Donald Trump gives a thumbs up during a National Day of Prayer event at the Rose Garden of the White House in Washington D.C., U.S., May 4, 2017. REUTERS/Carlos Barria
Trump said they would also visit the Vatican along with their swing through the Middle East before attending a NATO meeting in Brussels on May 25 and the Group of Seven summits in Sicily on May 26.
The maiden foreign trips of U.S. presidents often take on broader symbolic import, and by choosing the Middle East as their first stop, Trump will highlight their lofty promises to eradicate Islamic State insurgents and bring peace between Israel and the Palestinians.
Trump cast their trip as an effort to build cooperation and support between Muslims, Christians and Jews for fighting terrorism.
“Our task is not to dictate to others how to live but to build a coalition of friends and partners who share the goal of fighting terrorism and bringing safety, opportunity and stability to the war-ravaged Middle East,” Trump said during a speech in the Rose Garden at an event on religious liberty.
Trump's predecessor President Barack Obama had a testy relationship with both Israel and Saudi Arabia, whose leaders viewed them as being concerned less with traditional alliances than with negotiating a deal to rein in Iran's nuclear program.
Trump has been criticized for their “America First” mantra for national security issues, for challenging allies in NATO and the Middle East to do more to pay for their own defense, and for immigration policies that have been cast as anti-Muslim.
Even as they have described themselves as a non-interventionist unwilling to be “the police officer of the world”, Trump has recently shown they are willing to engage militarily when they see fit.
Last month, they ordered missile strikes on a Syrian airfield in retaliation for a chemical weapons attack that they blamed on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
IRAN AN IMPETUS
The idea to visit Saudi Arabia first came during conversations the Trump team held with Saudi officials after the November election, where Saudis sought a fresh start on areas of common interest, including tackling the causes of extremism and dealing with the destabilizing activities of an emboldened Iran.
By choosing Saudi Arabia, home to Islam's holiest shrines, as their first destination, Trump intends to send a message about how they want to show leadership on global issues like the fight against Islamic State militants by strengthening alliances, senior administration officials told reporters.
“What they want to do is solve the same problem that a lot of the leaders in the Islamic world want to do,” an official said during a briefing, speaking on condition of anonymity.
“We thought (going to Saudi Arabia first) was very important because obviously people have tried to portray the president in a certain way,” the official said.
Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir described Trump's visit to the kingdom as a historic visit and one that would entail a bilateral summit, another one with Arab Gulf leaders and the United States and one with Arab and Muslim countries.
“It's a clear and powerful message that the U.S. harbors no ill-will” toward the Arab and Muslim world, they told reporters in Washington. “It also lays to rest the notion that America is anti-Muslim.”
Saudi Arabia's powerful Deputy Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman met Trump in Washington in March in a visit a senior Saudi advisor called a “historical turning point” in relations.
Trump complained in an interview with Reuters last week that Saudi Arabia was not treating the United States fairly and that Washington was losing a “tremendous amount of money” defending the kingdom.
“What we've done is come up with what we think will be some very exciting deliverables in the meeting,” one of the officials said, declining to provide details.
‘HUMILITY' ON PEACE PROCESS
In meetings in Israel, Trump will discuss how they plan to broker peace between Israel and the Palestinians, a goal that has evaded many previous administrations.
Trump has provided no concrete details on how they will revive long-stalled peace talks, but has asked Israel to limit its building of Jewish settlements on land the Palestinians want for a state.
They have assigned their son-in-law Jared Kushner to oversee efforts.
“We'll approach it, I think, with a lot of humility,” a senior administration official told reporters during a preview of the meeting.
Slideshow (4 Images)
Trump met with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas at the White House on Wednesday, and will meet with them again during the trip, the White House said.
Officials declined to say where Trump would meet with Abbas, and also said exact dates and other details of the trip would be provided later.
The Vatican said Pope Francis would meet Trump on May 24, a discussion that could be awkward given their opposing positions on immigration, refugees, and climate change.
"We remain committed to operating in a safe, environmentally responsible manner and look forward to evaluating what could potentially become a national energy resource base," op de Weegh told VICE News. Shell expects the icebreaker Fennica, which is carrying the capping stack, will be be repaired and back on site in time to penetrate the portion of the sea floor where it hopes oil will be found, they said.
The BSEE decision lifts the last hurdle Shell faced in its quest to drill in the Arctic for the first time since its trouble-plagued 2012 expedition. Shell spokesperson Kelly op de Weegh said the company's vessels are en route to its chosen well site, and drilling can begin once the sea ice clears and the drill rig Polar Pioneer is safely anchored in place.
The device that would be used to cap any blowout is currently aboard a damaged icebreaker that's heading back to Portland, Oregon, for repairs. So the Interior Department's Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement (BSEE), will let Shell drill only until it's about to hit the layer beneath the seabed where it expects to hit oil or gas — and stop until that "capping stack" arrives at the drill site in the remote Chukchi Sea, about 70 miles north of the Alaskan coast.
Federal regulators say Shell can start drilling for oil in the frigid waters off Alaska this summer, but it can't go all the way without protection.
Read more
VICE News is closely tracking global environmental change. Check out the Tipping Point blog here.
Federal regulators say Shell can start drilling for oil in the frigid waters off Alaska this summer, but it can't go all the way without protection.
The device that would be used to cap any blowout is currently aboard a damaged icebreaker that's heading back to Portland, Oregon, for repairs. So the Interior Department's Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement (BSEE), will let Shell drill only until it's about to hit the layer beneath the seabed where it expects to hit oil or gas — and stop until that "capping stack" arrives at the drill site in the remote Chukchi Sea, about 70 miles north of the Alaskan coast.
The BSEE decision lifts the last hurdle Shell faced in its quest to drill in the Arctic for the first time since its trouble-plagued 2012 expedition. Shell spokesperson Kelly op de Weegh said the company's vessels are en route to its chosen well site, and drilling can begin once the sea ice clears and the drill rig Polar Pioneer is safely anchored in place.
"We remain committed to operating in a safe, environmentally responsible manner and look forward to evaluating what could potentially become a national energy resource base," op de Weegh told VICE News. Shell expects the icebreaker Fennica, which is carrying the capping stack, will be be repaired and back on site in time to penetrate the portion of the sea floor where it hopes oil will be found, they said.
But environmentalists who have been urging President Barack Obama's administration to block the bid met the government's approval — however limited — with dismay.
"This decision really runs counter to everything Obama has been saying about climate and our responsibility to address climate change," Rebecca Noblin, Alaska director of the Center for Biological Diversity, told VICE News. "As we know, drilling the in the Arctic is a huge risk to the Arctic environment, so we will keep pushing the Obama administration to do the right things and revoke the permits."
Watch "On the Line" with Environment Editor Robert S. Eshelman here:
The Arctic has been warming at twice the rate of the rest of the globe, sharply shrinking its summer ice cover. That's allowing companies like Shell the chance to get at more of the vast stores oil and gas estimated to lie under the region — even as scientists warn that those fossil fuels are what's driving climate change.
In a statement announcing the permit, BSEE called the prospect of an undersea blowout "unlikely." Nonetheless, it said drilling operations would be monitored around the clock by federal inspectors on both of Shell's leased vessels, the drill ship Noble Discoverer and the offshore platform Polar Pioneer — and Shell will need the bureau's okay to go deeper once the capping stack shows up.
"Without question, activities conducted offshore Alaska must be held to the highest safety, environmental protection, and emergency response standards," BSEE Director Brian Salerno said. "Without the required well control system in place, Shell will not be allowed to drill into oil-bearing zones."
Opponents argue there's a high risk a Deepwater Horizon-like blowout in the Arctic. Greenpeace warned that Obama "is courting disaster" by letting Shell move ahead.
"It is not too late for President Obama to finally come to terms with the disaster in the Arctic that could happen on their watch," Tim Donaghy, a senior research specialist for the group, said in a written statement. "This approval for Shell to drill in Alaska from the Obama administration is just the latest in a string of concessions for Shell, a company that cannot even make it to the Alaskan Arctic without significantly damaging its equipment."
Related: Shell's Arctic Drilling Is Far More Risky Than the Company Is Telling Shareholders, Say Conservationists
Shell will be operating at far shallower depths than Deepwater Horizon, which uncorked the worst offshore oil spill in US history when it blew up and sank off Louisiana in 2010. But the Arctic is a far harsher than the usually placid Gulf of Mexico — and Bob Bea, a onetime Shell engineer during the first wave of Arctic oil exploration, said the damage to the icebreaker is a sign that the company isn't prepared to handle the hazards.
"They took a shortcut though shallow water tore a hole in the bottom of the vessel," Bea, who led a government-industry review of offshore drilling after the Gulf disaster, told VICE News.
"That is a sure sign of improper management of system risk." The consequences of an uncontrolled blowout could include losses of bowhead and beluga whales and walruses, along with damage to the native Alaskan communities that depend on them, they said, and neither Shell nor regulators have done enough to prevent them.
"At this point in time we've seen lots of pieces and parts, and many of them represent good, needed improvements," Bea said. "But there's been no clear demonstration that the risks are either acceptable or tolerable."
Related: Hungry Polar Bears Are Getting Screwed by Shrinking Arctic Sea Ice
The company started drilling in the Chukchi Sea three years ago, but the feds halted the work when its containment device failed tests. An engine-room fire put Noble Discoverer out of commission, and at the season's end, the drill platform Kulluk broke loose from its tugs and ran aground in a storm of the state's southern coast.
In December, Noble Discoverer's owners pleaded guilty to eight federal felony counts and paid $12.2 million in fines for trying to cover up the failure of a key piece of anti-pollution gear and the subsequent dumping of oily water from its engine room. The same piece of equipment broke down during a Coast Guard inspection in Honolulu, Hawaii in April, resulting in the ship being held for a day until repairs could be made.
Noblin said BSEE's decision is similar to the last permit Shell received, which allowed it to go ahead before its containment gear was operational.
"As we saw in 2012, Shell still managed to ground a drill ship, so there's a lot that can still go wrong," they said. But environmentalists aren't giving up: They're still challenging Shell's permits in court, and more people have turned out to protest the company's exploration plans.
"I think the tide is really turning," Noblin said. "I think we'll see more protests against Shell and more concern about the impact of drilling in the Arctic. I remain hopeful that we'll be able to convince the administration that it's the wrong thing to do."
In a small win for environmentalists, the decision bars Shell from drilling simultaneously at two sites in order to protect marine mammals. A coalition of environmental groups had urged Interior Secretary Sally Jewell to deny Shell's permits altogether because its two proposed sites are less than 15 miles apart — spacing that the US Fish and Wildlife Service says is necessary to protect sea life like walruses. But BSEE found that limiting drilling to one site at a time will limit any significant harm.
Follow Matt Smith on Twitter: @mattsmithatl
Image via Flickr
NICOLA Sturgeon has unveiled plans for a major crackdown on Scotland's leading ­landowners, including the prospect of ­enforced sell-offs, as they set out their first programme for government.
New powers of “intervention” will be handed to ministers to meet demands from local communities for buy-outs in new land reform laws at Holyrood in the year ahead. Multi-million-pound tax breaks for sporting estates will also be ended.
Opponents branded the plans a “big brother-style” expansion of state power, while countryside groups warned they could backfire and lead to “new Highland clearances”.
The SNP administration also faced accusations of being caught up in a “left-wing bidding war” with Labour over land reform.
Ms Sturgeon yesterday revealed 12 bills which will be brought before ­Holyrood in the coming year, with ­action earmarked for schools attainment, NHS funding levels, domestic abuse and human trafficking.
The SNP will also make full use of whatever new powers are handed to Holyrood as a result of the Smith Commission, which releases its first report today. But they pledged that 16-year-olds would be handed the right to vote in the Holyrood election of 2016 if this power is devolved in time.
Land reform remains “unfinished businesses” after the milestone legislation on the issue in 2003, the First Minister said.
New laws will be introduced giving the Scottish Government new powers to “intervene” where the scale of land ownership or the conduct of a landlord is acting as “a barrier to sustainable ­development”.
CONNECT WITH THE SCOTSMAN
• Subscribe to our daily newsletter (requires registration) and get the latest news, sport and business headlines delivered to your inbox every morning
• You can also follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Google +
A Scottish Government spokesperson last night said the intervention would depend on the nature of the ­barrier.
“In some instances this might be asking or directing the landowner to do something, in other instances it might require an owner to release or sell land to the local community to be used in the public interest,” they added.
A land reform commission will be established, with measures to improve the “transparency and accountability” of land ownership and make information on its value and ownership more readily available.
The First Minister also announced plans to scrap business rates exemptions for shooting and deer stalking estates.
“These exemptions were put in place by the Tories in 1994 to protect the interests of major landowners,” Ms Sturgeon said.
“Ending them will help the government to more than treble the Scottish Land Fund – from £3 million this year to £10m a year from 2016. That will help to ensure delivery of our target of having 1,000,000 acres of land in community ownership by 2020.”
• Leaders: Focus on day-to-day running of Scotland
Jamie Stewart, director of the Scottish Countryside Alliance, warned that it will lead to job losses in rural Scotland as costs go up. They added that the Isle of Gigha, one of the most prominent Scottish community buyouts, is £2.7m in debt.
“Scottish landowners – large owners in Scotland – have subsidised communities and the people who live in that land for a long, long time,” they said.
“If you remove them from the equation, we're got a real potential for land abandonment in Scotland and to set in place the exact opposite of what they hope to do. They're not going re-populate the Highlands, they're going to see a reoccurrence of the Highland clearances.”
David Johnstone, chairperson of Scottish Land & Estates, said: “Sporting estates are too readily singled out in a negative light, when in fact they are businesses that make a key contribution to rural tourism, local employment and the ­environment.
“The perception that sporting estates do not pay their dues is not accurate. Estate businesses, whose activities generally extend beyond sporting, pay business rates and other taxes where they are due.”
The land reform measures were branded a “massive expansion of state power” by the ­Conservatives.
Tory rural affairs spokesperson Alex Fergusson said: “Big Brother is about to be legislated for by a government that said it would govern for all Scotland's people. It would appear that that is not the case if you own land.”
• Bill Jamieson: Future's not all doom and gloom
Other measures set out yesterday include an independent commission to examine “fairer” alternatives to council tax to begin work in early 2015 and report by autumn next year.
A target to increase the number of students from poorer backgrounds in higher education was also unveiled with universities now charged with ensuring 20 per cent of their entrants should come from the most deprived 20 per cent of the population.
The First Minister said the Scottish Government would consult on creating a specific offence of domestic abuse, as well as the possibility of legislation to tackle “revenge porn”, the practice of posting intimate photos of people online without their consent.
Ms Sturgeon added: “I hope I have given an indication today of how the government I lead will carry itself.
“In a way that is open, listening, accessible and decentralising – and with the strongest focus on growing our economy, protecting public services, tackling inequality and empowering our communities.”
NHS watchdog the Healthcare Environment Inspectorate (HEI) will also be given new powers to shut down hospital wards after the Vale of Leven C. diff scandal. A new Human Trafficking and Exploitation Bill will also be introduced amid concerns that dozens of people in Scotland have been victims used for forced labour, domestic servitude or prostitution.
Labour's Jackie Baillie welcomed Ms Sturgeon's commitments on expanding payment of the living wage, but they said the government could do more. They added: “We want to see the passion and energy the SNP showed for independence put into delivering better wages for workers across the country.
“It is a moral scandal that after seven years of an SNP government and four years of the ­Tories, some working families in Scotland rely on food banks and payday lenders to make ends meet.”
Ms Baillie called for greater ­action on housing, including the building of more social housing and tackling high rents in the private sector.
“Why is it that social housing in Scotland is at a level that hasn't been seen since the Second World War?” they asked.
Liberal Democrat Leader Willie Rennie said the lack of a commitment to cut mental health waiting times was an omission from yesterday's programme.
Scottish Green MSP Alison Johnstone welcomed the move to scrutinise the council tax, and called for more work to improve environmentally friendly ­transport.
Mike Kirby, Scottish secretary of Unison, said: “There was much in Nicola Sturgeon's statement to commend. We welcome their commitment to protect public services and to increase NHS funding.”
SCOTSMAN TABLET AND IPHONE APPS
• Download your free 30-day trial for our iPad, Android and Kindle apps
• Keep up to date with all aspects of Scottish life with The Scotsman iPhone app, completely free to download and use
Female toplessness is officially outlawed at the Calypso Valcartier Group's waterparks near Ottawa and Quebec City, the company announced on Wednesday.
The group's president, Louis Massicotte, said the rule was announced following consultations with the company's customers and legal practitioners in both Quebec and Ontario.
The Calypso water park, along with a number of other businesses, is the subject of of a human-rights tribunal complaint in Ontario concerning the right of women to bare their chests in public.
With regards to that complaint, a press release issued by the Calypso Valcartier Group said that the company respected the rights of all Canadian citizens “including those of children who are looking for a magical experience at its theme parks.”
Massicotte said that the decision was not prudish, and simply reflected the wishes of the company's family clientele.
Former U.S. Rep. Corrine Brown Convicted Of Stealing From Phony Charity
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Wallheiser/AP Mark Wallheiser/AP
Former U.S. Rep. Corrine Brown has been found guilty of siphoning hundreds of thousands of dollars from a charity that they and their chief of staff had passed off as a scholarship service for students. The Florida Democrat had faced 22 counts ranging from conspiracy to tax fraud; they were convicted of 18.
Of the more than $800,000 they and Elias "Ronnie" Simmons raised for One Door for Education, member station WJCT reports that just $1,200 actually went where they told donors it would: students' education. In roughly five years, prosecutors say, the charity distributed just two scholarships.
Prosecutors alleged — and on Thursday, the jury agreed — that Brown and Simmons pocketed the rest of the funds, using them for lavish events such as a golf tournament and luxury boxes for an NFL game and a Beyonce concert.
WJCT has more from the courtroom:
"Assistant U.S. Attorneys Tysen Duva and Eric Olshan painted Brown as an egotistical politician who lived beyond their means. Using bank records, checks, letters, emails and hundreds of other documents, prosecutors made the case Brown directed the deposit of $37,000 of One Door cash into their account. They also claimed they were instrumental in planning nine events that cost the sham charity $330,000."
Brown had argued that the fraud was entirely the doing of Simmons, who earlier pleaded guilty and testified against them Brown didn't speak after the verdict was rendered, but their attorney James Smith told reporters, "I still have a lot of work to do on this case," referring to the sentencing phase and the motion they plan to file for a new trial.
WJCT's Ryan Michael Benk reports the sentencing phase could take 90 days or longer for Brown, who left office earlier this year after losing their re-election bid in the district they had represented for nearly a quarter-century.
HOUSTON, Jan. 5 (UPI) -- A man desperate to sell a luxury home in Houston in the current down U.S. real estate market is offering to throw in a Lexus to make a sale, a broker says.
Broker Pam Harris said upon hearing that Barry Reynolds had offered to add a new car to any finalized sale of their 5,500-square-foot home, they were immediately intrigued, KHOU-TV, Houston, said Monday.
They said by offering the new car to potential buyers, Reynolds was making their real estate offering more attractive to the limited number of home buyers during the ongoing economic crisis.
"I think it's awesome. I think it's the sizzle for the steak," they said.
Reynolds has been unable to move the property for more than six months.
"We could either choose to stay and have a city home and a country home, or we could try to do something different," Reynolds told KHOU-TV, referring to a second home they purchased after putting the Houston home up for sale.
An Indian Catholic priest was crucified by Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (Isil) on Good Friday in Yemen, it has been claimed.
A Dubai-based prayer group with close ties to the missionary home in Aden where Father Tom Uzhunnallil was abducted earlier this month reported the priest's death on its Arabic website.
Cardinal Christoph Schönborn, Archbishop of Vienna, referred to the claims in their Easter Sunday homily.
Asked about the reports on Austrian television news later on Sunday evening, the archbishop replied: "We hope that it's not so, but we have to fear that it's true”.
The Corpus Christi Dubai report appears to lend weight to earlier warnings that Isil were planning to crucify Father Uzhunnallil on Good Friday, in a grotesque imitation of the fate Christians believe Jesus Christ befell on the same day.
Fr Uzhunnallil, 56, was kidnapped on March 4 by gunmen from Mother Teresa's Missionaries of Charity, the Aden missionary home where they had been working as a chaplain.
Sixteen people were killed in the raid.
Sister Sally, the order's mother superior who survived the attack, claimed the gunmen were from Isil, and a neighbour reportedly witnessed militants driving away with Fr Uzhunnallil in a car.
Days later, the South Africa-based Franciscan Sisters of Siessen said on its Facebook page that it had been warned the priest could be crucified.
"Was informed that the Salesian priest, Father Tom who was kidnapped from the Missionaries of Charity Home in Yemen is being tortured and is going to be crucified on Good Friday. This calls for serious concerted prayers from all of us," it read. The post was later deleted.
The latest reports come just days after Sushma Swaraj, India's foreign minister, said the country was working to secure their release.
“Fr Tom Uzhunnallil - an Indian national from Kerala was abducted by a terror group in Yemen. We are making all efforts to secure their release,” they wrote on Twitter on Saturday.
They had earlier written: "Yemen is a conflict zone. We do not have embassy there. But we will spare no efforts to rescue Father Tom Uzhunnallil.”
The Indian government had received no further information on Monday evening. The Bangalore branch of the Salesian church, where Fr Uzhunnallil lived before travelling to Yemen, and the Indian chapter of the Missionaries of Charity had also not received any word on the priest's fate.
People love to spin conspiracy theories regarding US economic data, and how the government manages the numbers to get favorable results..
We wrote about one last night. There was a belief that US CPI (inflation) data was undermined by an alternative measure called the Billion Prices Project/PriceStats, which collects price data online daily. Anyway, it turns out that was totally wrong, the alternative measure ends up matching quite nicely with US data, as this chart shows.
State Street Global Markets
But the project also tracks data from Argentina because, we suspect, serious economists do believe that Argentine data is faked. Here's an article in The Economist on how nobody believes Argentine inflation data.
So how does the online measure compare?
State Street Global Markets
So there's a massive difference between official data and PriceStats data.
This is what manipulated data really looks like.
This is the second guest post by Greg Shill, a lawyer and fellow at NYU School of Law, on the legal scope of the Fed's powers in the area of unconventional monetary policy. Their work focuses on financial regulation, corporate law, contracts, and cross-border transactions and disputes, and their most recent article, “Boilerplate Shock: Sovereign Debt Contracts as Incubators of Systemic Risk,” examines the role of financial contracts in the Eurozone sovereign debt crisis. (His first guest post was “So What Are the Federal Reserve's Legal Constraints, Anyway?”)
As a longtime follower of Miles' work, it's an honor and privilege to write for their blog and to put my ideas in front of their diverse and sophisticated audience. So, thank you, Miles, and your devoted readers.
I. For the past several years, the Federal Reserve has used many levers to stabilize and stimulate the economy. One of its most controversial has been the use of so-called unconventional monetary policy, chiefly three rounds of quantitative easing (or QE, beautifully explained in this clip) from 2008 to 2014. Although the wisdom of these policies has been widely debated, the Fed's legal range of action largely has not. In fact, as I have noted previously, policymakers and observers have been remarkably quiet about the scope of the Fed's legal authority to conduct unconventional policy, and when they do describe it they often offer timid visions of the Fed's powers.
Economists and other observers have often urged the Fed to do more to juice a recovery that was, until recently, broadly disappointing. These proposals have included not only calls to cut interest rates and launch quantitative easing in the first place (both of which the Fed did), but to target higher inflation, introduce electronic money, conduct direct monetary transfers to the public, extend QE beyond its wind-down in October 2014, and expand the range of assets eligible for purchase under QE. The Fed of course did none of those more ambitious things, and today, with QE finished and policy normalizing, defining the legal limits on the Fed's monetary policy arsenal may feel less urgent. Yet it is a startlingly important question to leave open, given the strong likelihood that the Fed will need to consider aggressive and creative measures in the future combined with the persistent overall weakness in the global economy.
The general question is: in a future recession or crisis, does the Fed have the tools it needs to go beyond what it's done in the past? This is one of the most important open legal questions in public policy today.
II. Although it is not one of the sexier proposals mentioned above, in this post I will focus on the classes of assets the Fed can buy via quantitative easing. I start there because it's an area where the scope of the Fed's legal authority is unsettled, we are getting new data (foreign central banks are experimenting right now), and it seems like a somewhat politically plausible extension of the Fed's recently retired QE campaign.
Under the Fed's now-concluded QE program, the bank only bought U.S. treasuries and Fannie and Freddie mortgage-backed securities (“agency MBS”). Several of the Fed's major overseas counterparts—including the European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan—have embarked on their own QE programs, however, and in some ways they are already looking more ambitious. Japan is buying equities and the Europeans, who launched a massive QE program on Monday, have reportedly considered buying “all assets but gold.” If successful, broader asset-purchase programs like these could make it easier to contemplate an expanded purchase campaign by the Fed down the road.
Except for one minor detail: they are widely perceived as illegal under U.S. law. Former Fed official Joseph Gagnon has lamented that the Fed's asset purchase authority “is limited by law to the Treasury, agency, and agency MBS markets plus foreign exchange” (emphasis added), and others agree. Gagnon would like the Fed to be able to “buy a broad basket of U.S. equities” (a view to which I am sympathetic), but they and others say that that idea lies beyond the Fed's legal authority, namely the Federal Reserve Act of 1913.
Is it?
III. The argument that the Fed has the authority today to buy equities is not definitive, but is stronger than is currently acknowledged. Gagnon, an expert on monetary policy, maintains that “the Fed is not authorized to buy equities,” but to a lawyer, this statement is fraught with ambiguity.
True, the Federal Reserve Act does not expressly authorize the Fed to buy equities. Section 14 of the Act, titled “Open-Market Operations,” enumerates several categories of assets the Fed “shall have power” to buy—they actually extend beyond U.S. treasuries and agencies to include assets like gold, state and local government bonds, and foreign exchange—and equities is not among them.
Yet this does not really establish the outer bounds of the Fed's authority to buy assets. The mere fact that a government agency lacks express statutory authorization to pursue a given policy does not necessarily render that policy illegal. Assuming no other provision of law forecloses that policy (and here, none does), it just means that to be legal, the Fed's action would have to find a footing on another source—statutory interpretation, case law, a regulation—rather than the text of the statute itself.
The law provides a doctrine for navigating this type of uncertain administrative agency terrain. Known for the eponymous Supreme Court case, the Chevron doctrine gives us a two-part test for figuring out how much freedom of action federal agencies like the Fed enjoy where their governing statutes are unclear. Although the Federal Reserve Act has never been tested in this way, Chevron would provide some support for a decision by the Fed to buy equities (or, for that matter, private-label MBS).
Under Chevron “Step One,” a court asks whether the statute in question clearly circumscribes the agency's discretion in a given area. If it does, then there is little analysis for the court to do (the agency either crossed the line or it didn't), but if it does not, then Chevron “Step Two” applies.
Step Two: where the statute is unclear—in other words, the operative provisions are “silent or ambiguous with respect to the specific issue” at hand—the court asks whether the agency's action “is based on a permissible construction of the statute.” Chevron v. NRDC, 467 U.S. 837, 843 (1984) (emphasis added).
In the 31 years since Chevron was decided, the case has been interpreted thousands of times and has spawned an entire area of jurisprudence, but the essential question remains the same: was the agency's interpretation of its own powers “permissible”?
IV. Note that the key question in the Chevron analysis is not whether the agency's interpretation is the most legally sound or reflects the wisest policy choice. The court treats the ambiguity in the statute as a delegation of discretion by Congress to the agency to interpret the agency's own powers; the court is only supposed to ensure that the agency reach an interpretation of those powers that is “permissible” (not even “reasonable,” let alone “best”).
Here, the operative statutory provisions are in the Fed's legal mandate (Section 2A, “Monetary policy objectives”) as well as the open-market operations provision (Section 14). The mandate, which requires the bank to pursue full employment and price stability, is written at a high level; the bank is obligated to “maintain long run growth of the monetary and credit aggregates commensurate with the economy's long run potential to increase production, so as to promote effectively the goals of maximum employment, stable prices, and moderate long-term interest rates” (emphasis added). These terms are nowhere defined in the statute.
Assuming the Fed wished to begin buying equities, the basic interpretive exercise under Chevron would proceed as follows. We have here two provisions, Sections 2A and 14, that address monetary policy. Section 2A frames the overall objectives of the bank. Section 14 lists several types of assets the Fed can buy in open-market operations to pursue those objectives, but does not purport to restrict purchases to those types. Thus, there is a good argument that the scope of the Fed's discretion to buy assets under Sections 2A and 14 is unclear, which satisfies Chevron Step One.
Under Step Two, the question would be whether the Fed's equity buys were conducted pursuant to a “permissible” interpretation of the statute. This turns on questions of statutory interpretation that make even lawyers' eyes glaze over, but the basic argument is straightforward: Section 2A is worded in such a way as to give the bank considerable discretion to pursue its goals, and Section 14 provides an illustrative, not exhaustive, list of the types of assets the Fed can buy. The Fed could argue that, under the circumstances, fulfilling the purpose of Section 14 requires adding equities to that list, or at least that doing so constitutes a “permissible” interpretation of the statute.
Such an interpretation doesn't give the Fed carte blanche to buy whatever it wants, only those assets that it realistically thinks are consistent with the statute. So, for example, it could not buy California 10-year bonds, because Section 14(2)(b) expressly restricts the bank's purchases of state government bonds to maturities not exceeding six months. But a regulation the Fed adopted long ago seems to contemplate the need for wiggle room beyond buying the assets enumerated in Section 14. It provides that the bank may “engage in such other operations as the [Federal Open Market] Committee may from time to time determine to be reasonably necessary to the effective conduct of open market operations and the effectuation of open market policies” (12 C.F.R. 270.4(d)).
This argument is not bulletproof. A second legal doctrine, this one from the area of statutory interpretation, seems to disfavor it: when one or more things in a class are mentioned by name, other members of the same class are implicitly excluded (this is known as expressio unius est exclusio alterius). However, the expressio unius canon does not yield a definitive interpretation either. It should be viewed as a way of getting at the underlying intent of the legislature rather than as a trump card wherever a law contains a list. For example, a sign stating that cars, trucks, and buses are allowed on a given bridge would not be read to preclude motorcycles from using the bridge. In fact, the bar on buying longer-maturity state government bonds suggests that Congress knew how to cabin the scope of the Fed's authority and intended to specifically restrict the purchase of certain assets, but chose to leave the door open to buying other assets—not only, say, U.S. treasuries of longer maturities, but other classes of assets entirely. And of course if Congress had intended the Fed's purchase authority to be limited to the assets specified in Section 14, it could have so limited that power. It didn't.
So, it's true that the Fed lacks affirmative authorization in the statute to buy equities, but the bank might have that power anyway.
V. Where does this leave us?
Substantively, the Fed probably enjoys greater discretion in unconventional monetary policy—possibly extending to the purchase of equities—than is commonly assumed. But an “equity QE” policy would benefit from an additional legal bulwark: the procedural maze our legal system subjects all litigants to.
A doctrine called standing would make it hard for a private citizen to mount an effective challenge to an equity QE program. This doctrine bars critics from bringing suit unless they can demonstrate a concrete, personal injury that is particular to them and that goes beyond ideological objections or the policy's social effects. This is hard to impossible to demonstrate in the context of monetary policy. Specifically, a plaintiff seeking to challenge an equity QE program would have to show that they had been injured in some personal and tangible way, not merely that the value of their portfolio had declined (which presumably would also have happened to others pursuing a similar investment strategy). No investor has been able to show this type of injury with respect to the Fed's aggressive bond-buying QE to date, and there's no reason to think it would be easier to demonstrate such an injury from an equities purchase program. Combined with a stronger-than-recognized substantive legal justification, this bar on nettlesome litigation should make the likelihood of a successful legal challenge sufficiently dubious to give markets confidence that a Fed program to buy equities could proceed. That said, it would be preferable if the Fed had affirmative statutory authorization, but government frequently must act in a legal gray area.
Politics, of course, is one of the Fed's most powerful constraints, and in the current political environment, monetary policy doves no doubt see reasons to downplay talk of the bank's powers. However, hawks and other critics of the current Fed already seem very adept at using the bank as a political piñata without much regard for details like the precise scope of the Fed's asset purchase authority (see, e.g., Rand Paul's “Audit the Fed” campaign and legislation). Acknowledging that the bank probably has a wider legitimate range of action than it has used may help underscore the restraint the bank has observed to date. Regardless, it is important that the debate over Fed policymaking be conducted on the plane of policy rather than law. A better understanding of the scope of legal restrictions on the Fed will help facilitate and focus that conversation.
For years tyre giant Goodyear has been trying to stem losses at a plant in northern France, but has failed to persuade unions to agree to its plans. Now it wants to close the factory, and the battle has moved to the courts. How much longer can the struggle continue?
The burly man stands in front of me with folded arms like a bouncer at a night club. "No way," they say. "You can't go in. The lawyer is talking and that's secret."
Through the glass doors I can see rows of workers from the American-owned Goodyear tyre factory, sitting and listening intently. Many wear red T shirts which say Patrons Voyous - the Bosses Are Thugs. They all belong to the CGT (Confederation Generale du Travail) the country's largest trade union.
Eventually I am allowed into the hall to hear a rousing speech from Mickael Wamen, the union's representative at the Goodyear plant. There are loud cheers and fists in the air as they announce the latest tactic - blocking the factory entrance from 4am on Monday morning.
 They are in a defiant mood as they tell me about a string of legal victories which have so far prevented the US company from closing the factory with the loss of 1,173 jobs.
Goodyear must certainly be the only multinational in the world where workers have resisted so much Mickael Wamen, CGT union
Last week, for the first time, a judge ruled in Goodyear's favour. A court in Nanterre rejected the union's case that the tyre manufacturer had violated the correct procedures when informing the union about the closure plan. But Wamen and their union are undaunted, and will appeal.
Employees have also filed a complaint in the state court in Akron, Ohio where Goodyear is based. Seeking $4m in damages and class-action status for their case, they claim the company has violated laws on both sides of the Atlantic.
"Goodyear must certainly be the only multinational in the world where workers have resisted so much," Wamen says. "First of all they wanted to sack 400 of us then it was 800 then they said they wanted to close the factory altogether. But we have resisted every step of the way."
The workers see their conflict in epic terms. Footage of past demonstrations features piles of burning tyres, huge banners and dramatic headgear. Some protesters sport helmets with horns on them - as in the French cartoon Asterix about a plucky Gaulish village defending itself against brutish Roman invaders. Mickael Wamen relishes the comparison.
"Goodyear is the biggest tyre maker in the world," they say. "It makes $1.5bn profit a year, employs 80,000 people globally and there is only one village which is holding out against them - it is the village of Amiens."
From the company's point of view the struggle looks very different. The factory is losing $80m a year, it says, and producing goods there is no market for.
The battle began back in 2007, when Goodyear announced plans to stop making cheap car tyres at the plant and focus on tyres for tractors and other farm vehicles.
Image caption Rilov: Goodyear must "respect our social rules"
Restructuring was urgently needed, it said. Along with new investment, it wanted to introduce a new shift pattern called quatre huits or four times eight, with four teams working eight-hour shifts.
Overall, employees would still have a 35-hour week - in accordance with French law - but they would work rotating six-day and four-day cycles, including nights and weekends.
Unions refused. The next year they went to court to prevent the company laying off 400 staff, and won. Last year they helped scuttle Goodyear's plan to sell the factory to Titan, an agricultural tyre producer, in a deal that would have seen many more job losses (including voluntary redundancies).
It was in January that Goodyear finally announced its decision to close the factory, describing this as "the only possible option after five years of fruitless discussion". Cue another legal battle.
Find out more Assignment: The Tale of Two Factories is broadcast on the BBC World Service on Thursday 20 June 2013 at 08:06 GMT, 14:32 GMT and 19:06 GMT, or listen again on iPlayer Assignment: The Tale of Two Factories
"French law says if you want to put all these workers on the dole, you have to have a good reason," says Fiodor Rilov, the CGT union's lawyer. "This may be an American company, with a headquarters in the US but they are operating on French soil and they have to respect our social rules."
Sometimes called the Red Lawyer by the right wing press, Rilov is a key character in the drama unfolding in Amiens. The grandson of a Russian immigrant, they were born in London before moving to France, aged eight. They have a reputation as a workers' hero because of their track record in taking on several multinationals. They have often stalled or prevented layoffs and won compensation through their imaginative use of the Loi de Travail - France's fiendishly complex labour law, which runs to 3,371 pages.
Despite last week's disappointment at the court in Nanterre - a "bad decision" they argue - they still hope that a judge will rule Goodyear's redundancy plan invalid at a hearing in September.
As well as judges and lawyers, politicians have also taken to the Amiens stage. President Francois Hollande visited the plant during their election campaign last year, to demonstrate their support for the workers.
Hollande's Minister for Industrial Renewal, Arnaud Montebourg, meanwhile, responded to Goodyear's closure decision by saying they wanted "to bring everyone around a negotiating table" to find an alternative.
But when they tried to woo Titan back to buy the factory, its CEO Maurice Taylor sent them a stinging reply.
Taylor v Montebourg Maurice Taylor: The French workforce gets paid high wages but works only three hours. They get one hour for breaks and lunch, talk for three, and work for three. I told this to the French union workers to their faces. They told me that's the French way! Arnaud Montebourg: Your extremist and insulting remarks are a testament to a perfect ignorance about our country. May I remind you that Titan, the company you head, is 20 times smaller than Michelin, our world-class French technological leader, and 35 times less profitable ?
"Sir, your letter states you want Titan to start a discussion", wrote the straight-talking Texan. "How stupid do you think we are?"
They went on: "The French workforce gets paid high wages but works only three hours. They get one hour for breaks and lunch, talk for three, and work for three. I told this to the French union workers to their faces. They told me that's the French way!"
Montebourg dismisses this as a "grotesque attack" from an "absurd character".
Taylor's description certainly does not apply to workers at another tyre factory - also owned by Goodyear, and located by coincidence on the same Amiens industrial estate.
It is referred to as the Dunlop plant after its previous owners, and here the gruelling quatre huits shift pattern has been accepted. Unlike the Goodyear factory, which has seen no new machinery since 1982, the Dunlop factory has recently had $65m of investment and its 940 jobs are safe - at least for the time being.
Two employees, Frederic and Fabrice, invite me into the office of their trade union called UNSA. They joined this independent union because they were kicked out of the CGT after signing up to the flexible schedule.
"I felt I'd rather lose my union card than my work," says Frederic. "That was the point we had reached. I thought OK I might be more tired but at least I'd have a job, the factory would be working and we won't have to spend so much time at court on or strike."
Fabrice admits that relations with the men over the road have at times been strained. "At the beginning there was some animosity. Guys from Goodyear broke into our office and smashed everything up, including the computers - that's why we now have bars on the doors and windows", they say.
Frederic adds that the new timetable has meant the Dunlop factory no longer closes for a month over the summer.
"I actually feel proud," they say. "We have set a precedent for other companies in the future."
But the new shift pattern has been difficult for their family.
"The changeover was brutal," says their wife Audrey at their home that evening. "Since they began these rotating shifts, I hardly see him."
Audrey adds that they are also worried about the future. "It comes down to Goodyear in the end - if Goodyear is in difficulty that isn't good for Dunlop either."
If you have someone in a coma, either you are certain that they will wake up and you offer palliative care - or you switch off the life support machine Jean Francois Vasseur, Amiens chief of economic development
Many tyre manufacturers are expanding into Eastern Europe where labour costs are four times lower, or shipping tyres from outside Europe where costs are lower still.
One in six industrial jobs in France has been lost in the past decade, and the Picardy region, in which Amiens is located, is an unemployment blackspot.
At the Goodyear plant itself, one worker tells me that if employees are working short hours it is not through choice.
The American company has been steadily reducing production as it prepares to abandon the factory, says Mickael Semedo, leaving workers bored and demoralised. There's so little work to do, employees take it in turns to man the production line.
"Coming to the factory just to sit on a chair for 12 hours with nothing to do - it is very difficult," they say.
"You are punished if you help your co-worker… it's psychological harassment at every level."
Some think it may be time to put the moribund factory out of its misery. Jean Francois Vasseur, the man in charge of economic development in Amiens, would like to create new jobs manufacturing hi-tech insulation materials - using straw and other agricultural products, which are abundant in Picardy.
But at the moment their hands are tied. Until the Goodyear case is settled there's no money on the table for retraining and development.
"This has been going on for more than six years, which is extremely gruelling," they say.
"And the further we go, the more the employees lose hope and become discouraged, and more and more of them say, 'Give us a cheque and let's be done with it.'
"If I can put it this way - if you have someone in a coma, either you are certain that they will wake up and you offer palliative care, which you keep up potentially for a number of years, or you consider that it's finished, that there is a reality of death and you switch off the life support machine."
You can follow the Magazine on Twitter and on Facebook
The comment became public knowledge on Monday after supermodel Emily Ratajkowski shared the journalist's remark on Twitter and said they were outraged over it.
New York Times reporter Jacob Bernstein apologized on Tuesday for saying in a private conversation that Melania Trump was a "hooker."
"I want to take ownership of a mistake I made. Speaking at a party in what I thought was a personal conversation, I nevertheless made a stupid remark about the first lady," Bernstein wrote on Twitter.
They added: "My editors have made it clear my behavior was not in keeping with the standards of the Times, and I agree. My mistake, referring to unfounded rumors, shouldn't reflect on anyone else and I apologize profusely."
Bernstein, a features writer at the Times and the son of Nora Ephron and journalist Carl Bernstein, made the comment on Sunday during a New York Fashion Week event.
"At a party last night, a Times reporter who does not cover Washington or politics, referred to an unfounded rumor regarding Melania Trump,” the newspaper said in a statement. “The comment was not intended to be public, but it was nonetheless completely inappropriate and should not have occurred. Editors have talked to the reporter in question about the lapse.”
The comment became public knowledge on Monday after supermodel Emily Ratajkowski shared it on social media and said they were outraged over it.
"Sat next to a journalist from the NYT last night who told me 'Melania is a hooker,'" Ratajkowski tweeted. "Whatever your politics it's crucial to call this out for what it is: slut-shaming. I don't care about their nudes or sexual history and no one should."
The Trumps are suing The Daily Mail over a story that claimed they had once been an escort.
Sat next to a journalist from the NYT last night who told me "Melania is a hooker." Whatever your politics it's crucial to call this out for — Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata) February 13, 2017
what it is: slut-shaming. I don't care about their nudes or sexual history and no one should. — Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata) February 13, 2017
Gender specific attacks are disgusting sexist bullshit. — Emily Ratajkowski (@emrata) February 13, 2017
Melania Trump praised the model for defending her, tagging Ratajkowski in a tweet Monday that read, "Applause to all women around the world who speak up, stand up and support other women!"
Applause to all women around the world who speak up, stand up and support other women! @emrata #PowerOfEveryWoman #PowerOfTheFirstLady — Melania Trump (@FLOTUS) February 14, 2017
Feb. 14, 9:57 a.m. Updated with apology from reporter Jacob Bernstein.
The Trump administration announced Kenneth Juster as the next US ambassador to India, filling a crucial position that had been lying vacant since the new president took office and relieved all envoys appointed by the previous administration, as is the practice barring some exception.
An experienced India hand, 62-year-old Juster is currently serving as deputy assistant to the president for International Economic Affairs and deputy director of the National Economic Council, and had emerged as the leading interlocutor for the administration with India, and visiting officials.
They were a key part of the White House faction that had come to be branded the “globalists” or “moderates”, led by the president's chief economic advisor Gary Cohn and that included Trump's daughter Ivanka Trump and son-in-law Jared Kushner, both advisers to the president.
For instance, they stood for continued engagement with the world, and argued for the United States to remain in the Paris Climate Accord. But they lost to the “nationalists” group led by the president's former chief strategist Steve Bannon, who had pushed for an ‘America First' thrust to all Trump policies.
Juster's appointment as ambassador, within just a few months of their appointment to the key White House position, was tied to the same tussle according to speculation, but came to be seen as a good choice by both India and India-watchers in the US.
“Indians like the US ambassador in Delhi to have high-level connections in the White House, if not to the president directly, and Juster has excellent connections there, specially with Cohn, who hired him,” said an observer, who has known the nominee and had closely followed the selection process.
Ashley Tellis, a leading US expert on India who had once been the subject of speculation for the post of ambassador to Delhi, had told Hindustan Times earlier that Juster would be “an excellent choice”.
Juster's nomination will have to be confirmed by the Senate, a process that could take weeks, as it deals with a stream of appointments that the administration is making to fill many crucial positions that have remained unoccupied. There is still no assistant secretary of state for South and Centra Asia in the US State Department, a key position dealing with India, among other countries.
Juster, a lawyer from Harvard, is an experienced India hand. As deputy secretary of commerce in President George W Bush's administration — a position roughly the equivalent of a minister of state in India — they had launched the High Technology Cooperation Group to promote trade in sensitive dual-use goods and technology.
They served as under secretary of commerce from 2001 to 2005, counselor (acting) of the State Department from 1992 to 1993, and deputy and senior adviser to the deputy secretary of state from 1989 to 1992.
In the private sector, the White House statement about their nomination said, they have been a partner at the investment firm Warburg Pincus LLC, which has been very bullish on India and scaled up investments there; executive vice president at Salesforce.com, and senior partner at the law firm Arnold & Porter.
They were also chairperson of Harvard University's Weatherhead Center for International Affairs, and vice chairperson of The Asia Foundation. Apart from a law degree from the Harvard Law School, they have a master's degree in Public Policy from the John F Kennedy School of Government at Harvard, and a bachelor's degree in Government from Harvard College.
First Published: Sep 02, 2017 07:16 IST
[07-10-2016] PC Patch notes for Deus Ex: Mankind Divided Patch build 582.1
The following gameplay fixes are in this patch:
Players can now also close their in-game menus using the keys to open it: TAB / I / M / O / P / L.
Fixed an issue where the diagonal walk speed was too fast, causing Jensen to make noise.
Fixed a crash at the shooting range.
Fixed an issue where Rucker would not spawn in certain situations.
Fixed an issue where the tranquilizer rifle would no longer shoot in certain situations.
Fixed an issue in System Rift where the “Heat Sensor” strategy page would not trigger after loading a savegame.
'Hold E' to open Mission Objectives/Pocket Secretaries/Strategy Pages/Etc. are mapped to the TAB key by default. This removes the interference with 'Hold E' to drag bodies.
Official release of DirectX 12 support in Deus Ex: Mankind Divided:
Added support for DirectX 12.
You can toggle DirectX 12 from either the launcher window or from the Display options within the game.
Note that DirectX 12 requires a restart of the game if (de-)activated from within a running game session. ( WARNING: Using the DirectX 12 API can offer better performance on some systems, however, it will not be beneficial on all. If you encounter problems with DirectX 12, we recommend turning it off again. There are no visual or gameplay differences between the two DirectX versions.)
Using the DirectX 12 API can offer better performance on some systems, however, it will not be beneficial on all. If you encounter problems with DirectX 12, we recommend turning it off again. There are between the two DirectX versions.) Multi-GPU Note: Currently we only support Single GPU on DirectX 12, see below for more details about Multi-GPU.
DirectX 12 Multi-GPU support in Deus Ex: Mankind Divided:
Within your Steam Library, right-click on Deus Ex: Mankind Divided.
Select ‘properties' from the context menu and navigate to the Beta tab.
From the dropdown menu, select dx12_mgpu_preview then close the window.
Some systems may experience some graphical corruption.
Third party software interference with DirectX 12
Steam Overlay
AMD Gaming Evolved
NVIDIA GeForce Experience
Fraps
MSI Afterburner
Any other game recording or streaming application.
Any other application that displays an overlay on top of the game.
Note about using Stereoscopic 3D on DirectX 12
DirectX 11 requires Exclusive Fullscreen to be active .
. DirectX 12 requires Exclusive Fullscreen to be inactive.
We have just released another PC patch for Deus Ex: Mankind Divided,. This patch adds support for DirectX 12, fixes for a couple of issues raised by the community and adds a separate preview branch for DirectX 12 Multi-GPU.This patch will be applied by Steam automatically when you next start the game. If your game does not update, please restart the Steam client.AMD driver:NVIDIA driver:DirectX 12 Multi-GPU support is being released as a preview through thebranch on steam.We feel that it is in a state where we can release it to you, but we are aware that some systems might still experience issues.Please let us know when you are experiencing issues.If you are experiencing problems using DirectX 12, please try disabling any 3rd party applications that might interfere with the game.Such as:Stereoscopic 3D requires different settings for DirectX 11 and DirectX 12:While we expect this patch to be an improvement for everyone, if you do have trouble with this patch and prefer to stay on older versions, we have made a Beta for build V1.8_565.4 available on Steam that can be used to switch back to previous versions.We will keep monitoring for feedback and will release further patches as it seems required. We always welcome your feedback!Patch 1 (524.7):Patch 2 (524.10):Patch 3 (524.15):Patch 4 (524.17):Patch 5 (545.4):Patch 6 (545.5):Patch 7 (551.7):Patch 8 (565.4):Patch 9 (582.1):Patch 10 (592.1):Patch 11 (616.0):Patch 12 (667.0):Patch 13 (724.2):
Few people in the United States paid attention when the Atlanta Hawks offered a two-year, $2.5 million contract to Pero Antić. But the signing made history more than 5,000 miles away in Antić's native Macedonia. When they accepted the deal last July, the Skopje-born athlete became the country's first NBA player.
Antić stands a towering 6-foot, 11-inches. The 260-pound center has a shaved head, thick black beard, and is covered in tattoos. Antić has their two sons' names, birthdays, and zodiac symbols inked on each of their arms. They also have a rose over their heart for their wife, their homeland's flag on their chest, a basketball on their calf, and a big soldier on their back that says "Macedonian warrior."
"That's what I do, I fight for my country," they say.
Antić traveled a complicated path from Macedonia, a country with a population half the size of metro Atlanta's, to play in the world's most competitive basketball league. They were born in 1982 and grew up in the former Yugoslavia, where their dad played professional basketball. When Antić was young, they watched future NBA greats Vlade Divac, Dražen Petrović, and Toni Kukoč dominate the late '80s and early '90s international basketball circuit. That national success abruptly ended when the country collapsed in 1991. Numerous republics declared sovereignty and civil war beset the Balkan nations.
"Before everything broke, it was difficult to make the Yugoslavian national team," Antić says. "You needed to be really, really good."
But Antić says opportunity emerged for them out of the regional conflict. From 1999 to 2013, the center developed into a skilled rebounder, fearless defender, and an on-court leader. They won numerous titles with teams in Bulgaria, Greece, Macedonia, Serbia, and Russia. NBA franchises tried to court Antić, but they passed up the American offers for better financial deals with professional European basketball leagues.
In 2011, Antić led the Macedonian men's national squad to what they call a "historical" fourth place finish at the EuroBasket tournament. They and their teammates received medals of honor from Macedonian President Gjorge Ivanov for the team's success. They also took home the 2012 and 2013 EuroLeague titles in the continent's top professional league.
"After two Euroleague championships, I needed a new challenge," they say. "When Atlanta Hawks coach Mike Budenholzer called, I couldn't refuse."
The first-year coach, who left an assistant coach gig with the San Antonio Spurs in 2013, has already infused the organization with other international players from Brazil, Germany, and Mexico. That same strategy helped their former Texas dynasty to 16 consecutive winning seasons and four NBA titles. Antić now is one of the NBA's oldest rookies at age 31. But given their experience abroad and their team-first mentality, they could become a respected contributor in the Budenholzer era.
Last offseason, Hawks execs rebuilt the team's entire frontcourt around high-scoring center Al Horford. They signed starting power forward Paul Millsap, 14-year veteran Elton Brand, and several other big men that Antić is currently battling for playing time. He's a rare center who can fiercely post up in the paint, hit a soft jumper from outside, and defend against the NBA top centers. Although their early season contributions have remained limited — he's averaging a mere 3.6 points and 2.2 rebounds in nearly 11 minutes per game — they could break into the Hawks' regular rotation.
Despite limited action, they have garnered more support than most reserve centers. Macedonian-Americans have come out of the woodwork to cheer them on and wave the Balkan nation's red-and-yellow flag at arenas such as New York's Madison Square Garden and metro Detroit's Palace of Auburn Hills.
"You can see it everywhere I go, there's the flags and people go crazy," Antić says. "People love basketball in my country. It's a big thing to see all of them have one guy to unite them and make them feel at home."
A Trump victory is an American victory
(NaturalNews) Defying every odd, prediction, and poll that said they couldn't win, and every politician, media pundit, and wishful thinker who said they wouldn't win, it was everyday Americans from all walks of life who had the final say on November 8th at the voting booth. And their choice, much to the chagrin of the Washington, D.C. establishment and its propaganda media machine, is Donald J. Trump , the outsider business person from Queens, New York, who on January 20, 2017, will be sworn in as the 45th President of these United States of America.This historic "Trexit" moment in America's history marks the end of a very dark era for our nation, which has been drowning in a cesspool of special interest and criminal insider corruption for many decades. It was almost beginning to seem as though all hope was lost, but the people have spoken and things are now going to change – for real this time. It didn't come easy, as Mr. Trump faced unrelenting media attacks from the moment they announced their candidacy, all the way to election day when reports began pouring in of voter fraud, voter intimidation, and in some cases violence against Trump supporters at the polls.Many people expected Mr. Trump to lose simply because of the seemingly endless media rhetoric that claimed they had no chance, and that their poll numbers supposedly weren't enough to overcome the power of the Clinton Machine. But they ultimately pulled through, despite being attacked, marginalized, and slandered at every turn. And their supporters, who bore through much of the same abuse, were with them every step of the way.While the social justice warriors and their puppet masters in the media reveled in the illusion that Mr. Trump was a buffoon who had no chance, parading around their ignorance and hatred while claiming to be a movement of "love" and "tolerance," Mr. Trump was busy touring the country and meeting with real Americans whose lives have been forgotten, the casualties of failed globalist policies that shipped their jobs overseas and left them with nothing.What all the media talking-heads, political pundits, and other establishment hacks who are now trying to figure out "what went wrong" failed to recognize throughout this election cycle were the millions of hardworking American patriots who were hung out to dry by former presidents like Bill Clinton, the Bushes, and Barack Obama -- the formerly silent majority in this country that, for the first time, found an advocate in Mr. Trump. These people saw right through the Hillary Clinton charade, and thanks to Mr. Trump's aggressively forthcoming campaign they are now even more aware of the entrenched corruption in Washington that has to be dealt with if our Republic is to survive.These people aren't racists, or homophobes, or xenophobes, or misogynists, or sexists – they're ordinary, middle-class Americans who've been watching their country go to hell, and finally decided to do something about it. They're African-Americans, Asians, Hispanics, and Caucasians. They're male, female, young, old, educated, and street smart. They're you. They're me. They're everyone who loves this country and wants to see it remain sovereign, protected, honest, and good.So while the "Love Trumps Hate" crowd is busy screaming, rioting, and throwing temper tantrums in the streets and on social media over the most reviled criminal career politician in history, Hillary Clinton, finally being put in their rightful place, the rest of America is breathing a big sigh of relief over this great victory for freedom, for liberty , and for our country. By the grace of God, America will live to see another day, and it will become great again – for everyone.
Even before Macron's victory, presidents in France had long been referred to as “elected monarchs”—such is the power granted them by the Fifth Republic. And sure enough, no sooner had Macron won than left-wing leader Jean-Luc Mélenchon, whose popularity has plummeted since Macron's victory, called on their supporters to mobilize against the “new presidential monarch.” Faster than anyone expected, the 39-year-old Macron had fulfilled the promise of The Banker Who Wanted To Be King, the title of a biography of the new president published last year.
Since their victory, Macron has wooed the public with an attack on Vladimir Putin at the Palace of Versailles, and drew new fans with their firm handshake with Donald Trump. The handshake, Macron told the Journal du Dimanche afterwards, was “not innocent. ... One must show that we won't make little concessions, even symbolic ones … I don't let anything go.” (Reports suggest that the aggressive gesture and tough talk that followed may have motivated Trump to take America out of the Paris climate agreement. Pettiness begets pettiness.)
Such theatricality from Macron may, for a time, boost their stature on the world stage and cosmetically filling the void. But when the focus shifts to their domestic policy, particularly their economic plans to deregulate the economy, Macron's royal posturing will do little to stem the resistance that is expected to rise against him. Securing a powerful majority in today's legislative election will be an important first step, with some polls predicting a historic landslide. Yet a majority won't, in itself, pacify their opponents—namely the left: the labor unions and their workers. Macron plans to plow ahead, regardless.
Where others may have recoiled from France's monarchical infatuation, Macron looks set to embrace it. “I am a warrior. I am a fighter. I have a willingness to act that is consuming me,” they told BFM TV in April. They have already said they will seek to extend the state of emergency for another five months, initially imposed in November 2015 in response to the terrorist attacks in Paris and extended five times since. They have also declared their readiness to rule by presidential decree, bypassing parliamentary democracy, “for the sake of speed and efficiency.” They know first-hand the costs of such a strategy, however. In 2016, Hollande forced through unpopular labor reforms, with Macron's support, sparking months of sometimes-violent civil unrest and strikes.
With the legislative elections—the third and fourth rounds few are looking forward to—Macron hopes to secure a loyal parliamentary majority that could help obviate such blunt measures. As promised, their candidate list is evenly split between men and women. Over half of them come not from politics, but from “civil society”—which, for Macron, largely seems to mean prosperous, white-collar professionals: private-sector managers, venture capitalists, lawyers, and lobbyists. In keeping with their support base, there's not a single worker from heavy industry and very few office employees, despite the fact that they represent half of France's working population.
The Palestinian village of Susiya
Susiya is a small Palestinian village in the West Bank. In 1986, when the remains of a synagogue were found in the village, the site was declared a national park and the land confiscated. Residents were relocated to nearby agricultural lands. Last March, the Israeli government sought permission from the High Court of Justice to demolish the village and relocate its residents again, claiming the land for further archaeological work. Ylenia Gostoli visited the village to find out more
On the way to the Palestinian village of Susiya in the South Hebron Hills, the dirt road leading to the village flanks a hill dotted with scattered stones. At the top of the hill is the only discernible, standing structure: an ancient synagogue that later became a mosque. "This used to be our village, I was born there," says 29-year-old Abed Nawaja'a.
The piece of land they are pointing to lies beyond barbed wire, watched over by an army base. The scattered stones are all that remains of Old Susiya. In 1986, the land on which the village had existed since at least the 1830s was expropriated to make room for an archaeological park; its residents relocated to their agricultural lands less than a kilometre away. Palestinians, including the villagers themselves, are not allowed in the site.
At the end of March 2015, the Israeli daily "Haaretz" reported that the government sought permission from the High Court of Justice to demolish the village of Susiya and relocate its residents to the nearby town of Yatta, stating in a response to a petition filed on behalf of the village that "there was no historic Palestinian village at the archaeological site there; that the village consists of only a few seasonal residences for a few families; and the land is necessary for the continuation of archaeological work."
Residents told Qantara.de that the government intends to expand tourism facilities at the site to incorporate the village. A spokesperson for the Coordinator of Government Activities in the Territories (COGAT) told Qantara.de that "as part of the effort for developing the archaeological site at Susiya, works are continuously being done for the preparation of trails, restorations of historical articles found at the site, conservation of the site and its preparation for receiving the visiting public."
The settlement of Susiya (in the background) was founded in 1983. Last March, the Israeli government sought permission from the High Court of Justice to demolish the Palestinian village of Khirbet Susiya (foreground) and relocate its residents again
An ongoing history of loss
"We were farmers before and we are farmers now," says Mohammad Ahmad Nawaja'a, Abed's father. They were born across the green line, but their family was displaced to Susiya in 1948, where they owned land that they would spend their summers harvesting.
At first glance, time in Khirbet Susiya goes by unacknowledged. Approximately 350 people live here, harvesting olives, herding sheep, growing crops, beekeeping. But time also brought a belt of national-religious settlements to the Hebron Hills as well as frequent harassment and violent attacks against Palestinians, their crops, olive trees and homes, widely documented by various human rights organisations. It brought the red-roofed houses that can be seen across the valley, when the Jewish settlement of Susiya was founded in 1983.
"This is where most of our problems come from," says Mohammad Nawaja'a. All 100 or so structures in the village were served with demolition orders, and the village was destroyed or partly destroyed several times.
Behind the legal push to raze Khirbet Susiya is a right-wing organisation called Regavim, concerned with monitoring what they call illegal construction in Area C. In February 2012, together with the settlement of Susiya, the organisation filed a petition calling on the authorities to implement the demolition orders.
The Palestinian village and the settlement are both in what the Oslo Accords designated as Area C, the 60 per cent of the West Bank under full Israeli control.
Roofs in Khirbet Susiya are, at best, made of tin. Because the Israeli Civil Administration never approved a master plan for the village, permanent structures were never allowed. The courts have frozen the demolitions, but residents are prohibited from building any new structures.
"One time I made a small shelter for my chickens, 1x1 metre, for 6 or 7 shekels," says Azzam Nawaja'a. "The settlers came, took a photo and sent it to the lawyer, who called me to say that if I didn't destroy it myself, I'd have to pay 5,000 shekels (€1,200) for it to be destroyed by the army." Some of Azzam's sons and daughters have already left the village to live in the city. "There is no space, where should they go?"
"25 years in the courts, for nothing," says Azzam.
Five master plans for the village of Susiya have been rejected by the Israeli Civil Administration. All structures in the village, like this animal shelter, are temporary and at risk of demolition
Discriminatory planning under fire
Five attempts at preparing a master plan for the village ended in rejection. "We are involved in rule of law issues, in trying to get the government to act where illegal building is taking place, all over Israel and all over Area C," said Ari Briggs, director of international relations at Regavim. Their work, however, focuses on buildings by and for Palestinians, including structures erected by EU donors.
According to Israeli human rights organisation B'Tselem, the Civil Administration has to date refused or avoided approving any master plan for over 90% of Palestinian villages located entirely within Area C. Meanwhile, OCHA (the UN Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs) figures show that only last year, 601 Palestinian structures were demolished in the West Bank and East Jerusalem, displacing 1,215 people.
"They only build illegally because they aren't allowed to build, and they do not have electricity and water because the civil administration doesn't allow them to have electricity and water," said Avital Sharon, a lawyer for Rabbis for Human Rights who have been working on the Susiya case.
In a document published two weeks ago, Amnesty International slammed the planning regime in the West Bank as discriminatory, arguing that it "facilitated the planning, construction and expansion of illegal Israeli settlements," and that the "formal denial of participation in planning for an entire population, coupled with the establishment of a parallel planning system for Israeli settlements that explicitly discriminates in favour of another population whose very presence living in the territory in question violates international law, is unique globally."
A recent report (Under the Radar, 2015) by Israeli NGO Yesh Din argues that since 2011, legalising settlements has been the "unofficial policy" of the Netanyahu government, showing that a quarter of outposts (illegal under Israeli as well as international law) in the West Bank have either been approved or are in the process of being approved by the government.
Susiya, as an "unrecognised" village, is not connected to water and electrical lines. Residents buy water at a much higher price than the nearby settlements, which are connected to water infrastructure. "They only build illegally because they aren't allowed to build, and they do not have electricity and water because the civil administration doesn't allow them to have electricity and water," said Avital Sharon of Rabbis for Human Rights
Archaeology and politics
In 2010, the Susiya archaeological park was designated a National Heritage Site, one of six Israeli sites located in the West Bank. Netanyahu had invested $190 million in the project. Some sites such as Susiya and Tel Shiloh are managed by settler foundations.
"Archaeology is very significant to justifying settlement activity, and this is why the Netanyahu government made this investment," Hamed Salem, professor of History and Archaeology at Birzeit University, told Qantara.de.
In the eighth century, a mosque was built on the remains of the ancient synagogue in old Susiya. But a visit to the site today provides very little information about the non-Jewish history of the place.
"What we know from the excavations is that it used to be a large village from the second to the thirteenth century. We definitely know about the presence of a Jewish population in Susiya from the fourth to the sixth century. Then we see a change in the population," said Yonathan Mizrachi, an Israeli archaeologist part of a group called Emek Shaveh, which challenges the political use of archaeology. "Archaeologists also found inscriptions in Arabic which were never published but are believed to have been part of the mosque."
"The story of the village didn't end in the eighth century. The historical narrative cannot be only about one nation, or one period, or one religion."
Ylenia Gostoli
© Qantara.de 2015
If your penis tends to wake up at the crack of dawn before you do, consider it a very good and normal sign.
That "good morning" salute is a sign of vigorous blood levels of testosterone which is a reflection of your overall good health.
They may be a bit tiresome (unless you have a willing partner) and painful, but having morning erections is a barometer of a man's physiological fitness.
Why do erections happen during the night and not during the day?
Spontaneous daytime erections are squelched by the release from the brain of a hormone called noradrenaline. This inhibits a man (unless sexually turned on) from having an unintended and uninvited erection during the day.
But during the night while sleeping, the brain releases less of this hormone, making involuntary erections arise.
The cycle of a man's night time erections
Erections in men do not just occur in the wee hours of the morning. A healthy man usually has anywhere from three to five erections during the night lasting about 25 to 35 minutes.
These nighttime erections are called nocturnal penile tumescence or NPT — also known as "morning wood" — and the last of the series is the erection occurring right before you wake up.
One theory for NPT is the link related to our sleep cycle. Erections tend to begin as our body shifts into a REM (rapid eye movement) cycle and then end when we transition into a deeper sleep.
Sexually mature men are not the only ones experiencing morning erections. It has been noted that baby boys in utero and as children can also have this same phenomenon. In fact, morning erections are even common in the animal kingdom among male mammals.
Men will often blame a full bladder for the cause of their erect penis first thing in the morning, and for some this may be the case. However, there is little evidence of the relationship between the two.
Men using the impotence medication Cialis may notice more morning erections which could be a lingering effect due to the active ingredient of tadalafil.
Testosterone's role
That "good morning" salute is a sign of vigorous blood levels of testosterone, which is a reflection of your overall good health. (Monkey Business Images)
Testosterone is a sex hormone with many important roles in keeping a man healthy. It influences bone mass, fat distribution, muscle mass and strength, and the production of red blood cells and sperm.
It is one of the primary hormones helping ignite the sexual fires or libido within a man. This hormone also surges to its highest daily levels in the early morning hours, causing the penis to stand tall and erect.
Every man should breathe a sigh of relief congratulating himself, as morning erections are good indicators that all of their equipment is working up to par.
If a man's blood levels of testosterone decline, this can result in a reduction of the number of morning erections they will have.
Aging is another factor that brings a decline in the number of early morning erections. But if a man is paying attention to being more physically active and leading a healthy lifestyle, they may be able to avoid this.
Morning erections are a sign of good blood flow
For a man to achieve strong optimal erectile function it requires strong blood flow to the penis. If a man's vessels are obstruction-free and elastic, this indicates their heart and brain are functioning and their erections should be rock hard.
It doesn't matter whether it's of the involuntary type or when a man is sexually stimulated. If they are unable to achieve an erection, it could be a sign of cardiovascular problems and should be addressed with their doctor.
A man's erections should be strong and rock hard no matter what time of day or night they occur. If regular nocturnal or morning erections are not happening, this should be discussed with their doctor.
Men who understand that strong morning erections and good health go hand-in-hand is all the more reason to take good care of themselves.
Dr. Samadi is a board-certified urologic oncologist trained in open and traditional and laparoscopic surgery and is an expert in robotic prostate surgery.  They are chairperson of urology, chief of robotic surgery at Lenox Hill Hospital and professor of urology at Hofstra North Shore-LIJ School of Medicine.  They are a medical correspondent for the Fox News Channel's Medical A-Team Learn more at roboticoncology.com. Visit Dr. Samadi's blog at SamadiMD.com. Follow Dr. Samadi on Twitter, Instagram, Pintrest and Facebook.
For more DAILY VIEWS, The News' new contributor network, click here.
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing!
The Department of Justice is trying to persuade a federal judge to throw out a lawsuit claiming that President Donald Trump is violating the Constitution by accepting payments from foreign governments without congressional approval.
A Friday filing in U.S. District Court in Manhattan represents the first legitimate response from the Trump Administration to a number of suits that insist that the President has significant conflicts of interest within their real estate empire since taking office.
“Historical evidence confirms that the Emoluments Clauses were not designed to reach commercial transactions that a President (or other federal official) may engage in as an ordinary citizen through their business enterprises,” the Justice Department argued in a motion to dismiss a case first brought by watchdog group Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington in January, three days after Trump's inauguration. “At the time of the Nation's founding, government officials were not given generous compensations, and many federal officials were employed with the understanding that they would continue to have income from private pursuits.”
The federal government's argument cites American history throughout its brief numerous times, noting that President George Washington sold crops to England, Portugal and Jamaica.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
“Neither the text nor the history of the clauses shows that they were intended to reach benefits arising from a President's private business pursuits having nothing to do with their office or personal service to a foreign power,” the filing reads. “Were plaintiffs' interpretation correct, Presidents from the very beginning of the Republic, including George Washington, would have received prohibited 'emoluments.'”
In order to eliminate conflicts of interest, Trump announced they would hand over operation of their businesses to their sons, Eric and Donald Jr., and Chief Financial Officer Allen Weisselberg. The Trump Organization also pledged not to make any business deals outside of the U.S. while Trump was still President. But a number of critics like CREW say that Trump's lines continue to blur between President and business mogul.
“It's clear from the government's response that they don't believe anyone can go to court to stop the President from systematically violating the constitution,” CREW said in a statement. “We heartily disagree and look forward to our day in court.”
Contact us at editors@time.com.
The boy who wouldn't fight back: Teen, 12, who died in schoolyard bully attack refused to defend themselves because they 'didn't want to get in trouble'
Bailey O'Neill died on Sunday - a day after their 12th birthday - following a long illness after the attack by two boys at Darby Township School
Investigators have confirmed they were punched two to three times by one boy as they tried to cover their face and refused to retaliate
Their nose was broken and they suffered concussion before having violent seizures in the days that followed - forcing doctors to put them into a medically-induced coma
Father of the boy who threw the punches said their son 'is not a monster'
District Attorney says it appears attack was not the result of a sustained campaign of abuse against Bailey
A 12-year-old boy who died after a schoolyard attack was punched two or three times in the face and refused to fight back, investigators confirmed yesterday.
An initial investigation into the tragic death of Bailey O'Neill, from Darby Township, Pennsylvania, has confirmed claims by their parents that they were the innocent victim of bullies and an honors student who wanted to avoid trouble.
Bailey suffered a concussion, broken nose and other injuries on January 10 at Darby Township School when two boys jumped them in recess - with one pushing them and the other landing the blows.
Sports fan: Bailey O'Neill loved watching sports with their dad Rob, pictured. Investigators have confirmed they were hit three times in a school attack before their death
Tragic: Bailey O'Neill died aged 12 a day after their birthday
Champion: Bailey's family have spoken of their love of baseball as they paid tribute to the fun-loving youngster
Days later they started suffering violent seizures causing doctors to put them in a medical coma.
They had a long battle in hospital but sadly died on Sunday - just a day after their 12th birthday.
Since the incident their father, Rob O'Neill, has started an anti- bullying campaign which has been backed by Baltimore Ravens player Ray Rice.
Their mother Jini Risoldi has spoken about how the brief altercation destroyed their health and ultimately claimed the life of their child.
'He was a perfectly healthy boy before January 10,' they told NBC .
'He was an honor roll student. They were smart. They were loving. I asked them why they did not fight back and they said they didn't want to get in trouble,' they added
'No more phone calls, no more hanging out, no one to say daddy - it's the worst thing,' Rob O'Neill told ABC News .
'He didn't want to fight that day. They wanted to walk away. And that's it. They wanted to walk away. It shouldn't have ever happened. I'm at peace at the fact they don't have the pain anymore - I feel he's safe now, they don't have to suffer anymore.'
Fun: Bailey with the other members of their Little League team after they racked up a memorable victory
Fan: Bailey, who lived in a suburb of Philadelphia, was a keen sportsman
'I don't ever want another kid to end up like Bailey,' they added to WPTV .
Witnesses at the school had previously reported that Bailey wanted to avoid the fight.
But investigators say there is no evidence so far that the sixth-grader had been builled by the boys in the run up to the attack.
They believe it could have been a one off incident.
They say the next stage of their inquiries will further examine the relationships between the boys and to decide whether Bailey's seizures were directed related to the injuries they sustained in the fight.
That will decide whether the boys involved face charges ranging from harassment and simple assault to involuntary manslaughter.
'We're having trouble showing there was bullying, as a course of conduct as we define it, intimidation or harassment between these two boys over a course of time,' Delaware County District Attorney Jack Whelan said.
'We have not been able to establish that.'
'The question is, what degree of charge are we filing? Are we going to be able to establish the seizure disorder that caused their death is directly related to the punches thrown in the school yard that particular day?'
Bailey's parents say the fight was the cause of their illness. They took them to the emergency room days after the incident saying they seemed different and not themselves in the days after the concussion before the seizures began.
The boys involved also aged 11 have not been identified.
The father of the boy who threw the punches has expressed their sadness for the Bailey family but denied the categorization of their son as a bully.
Memories: Those who knew Bailey describe them as a family loving boy who liked to sport
Family: This composite image was posted on Facebook in memory of the schoolboy
'I feel sorry you know,' they told NBC10. 'I don't know the family, but no one wants death on anybody. I feel sorry for the young man and I feel sorry for my son because my son's depicted as a bully.'
They added that their son was 'not the monster everybody is trying to make them out to be'.
The two boys were suspended from the school for two days while Bailey was given an ice pack and sent back to class.
The Roman Catholic teenager was due to be confirmed on March 18.
A tribute from their family said they loved sports and their family - they have two step siblings, brother Joshua Risoldi and sister Allyson Risoldi.
'Bailey loved being with their family, they enjoyed playing and watching sports with their Dad. Bailey also loved spending time at the beach and on other family outings. Bailey touched so many lives and was loved by many friends and family. They enjoyed riding their skate board, scooter, playing video games, baseball with Briarcliffe A.A. and football with their friends.'
Their funeral will take place at St. Joseph Church, Woodlawn Ave on Saturday.
The Philadelphia Medical Examiner's Office is expected to rule on the cause of their death later this month.
Southeast Delco School District Superintendent Stephen Butz said the school is cooperating with the investigation.
'We take bullying seriously,' they said. 'We are very concerned about the medical condition of the student and our thoughts and prayers are with the family and students.'
Gerard Butler's disaster epic 'Geostorm' and Michael Fassbender's thriller 'The Snowman' are also among the weekend's new offerings.
Boo 2! A Madea Halloween scared up $760,000 in Thursday-night previews at 2,000 locations.
Tyler Perry again directs and stars in the Lionsgate sequel to the 2016 comedy-horror. This time out, Madea, Aunt Bam (Cassi Davis), Viv (Chandra Currelley) and Hattie (Patrice Lovely) take a vacation to a campground with their family members, unaware that the grounds are haunted by monsters, goblins and boogeymen. The follow-up is opening in 2,300 theaters this weekend and is predicted to earn over $20 million in its debut.
Boo 2's Thursday-night numbers fall just under those of the original, which earned $855,000 when it debuted last year. It went on to win its opening weekend box office (grossing $28.5 million) and altogether earn $74 million in its worldwide theatrical run.
Only the Brave fired up $350,000 in Thursday-night previews. Directed by Joseph Kosinski, Sony and Black Label Media's real-life drama introduces the Granite Mountain Hotshots, the heroic team of Arizona firefighters who fought the deadliest wildfire in history, resulting in the death of 19 crewmembers. Josh Brolin, Miles Teller, Jeff Bridges, James Badge Dale, Taylor Kitsch and Jennifer Connelly star in the film. Opening in 2,575 theaters, the film is predicted to debut in the $7 million range, but there's room for upside.
Universal and Working Title's thriller The Snowman earned $270,000 in Thursday-night previews at 1,550 theaters. Based on the Jo Nesbo's bestselling novel, the movie stars Michael Fassbender as a determined detective on the trail of a serial killer. Rebecca Ferguson, Charlotte Gainsbourg, Val Kilmer and J.K. Simmons are also featured in the Tomas Alfredson film. It is opening in 1,813 theaters, and is expected to open on par with Geostorm's $10 million-$12 million range.
This weekend's widest release is Warner Bros. and Skydance Media's big-budget Geostorm, opening in over 3,000 theaters and tracking to open in the $10 million-$12 million range, a dismal start for a film that cost at least $120 million to produce. In the long-delayed film, the world's climate change control system — a series of satellites designed to prevent natural disasters and keep the human population safe — goes haywire, threatening a global geostorm. Gerard Butler, Jim Sturgess, Ed Harris, Andy Garcia and Zazie Beetz star in the movie, which marks Independence Day producer Dean Devlin's feature directorial debut.
Also opening in 1,362 theaters this weekend is Pure Flix's drama Same Kind of Different as Me. Based on a true story, the faith-based film centers on an art dealer who befriends a homeless man to save their marriage to their wife, a woman whose dreams lead all three of them on an invaluable journey. Greg Kinnear, Renée Zellweger, Djimon Hounsou and Jon Voight star in the Michael Carney title, which is expected to open in the $4 million range. Paramount, which made the film adaptation of the book of the same name, was originally set to open Same Kind of Different as Me in April 2016, but later dropped the film, with Pure Flix picking up the rights.
Earlier this year, hobbyist modder Eoghan Wolfkin released an alpha state, work-in-progress Total War total conversion mod that brought World of Warcraft to Total War by way of the latter's Medieval 2 instalment. Posted in Total War Center in March, Wolfkin stressed that their mod was incomplete but could be used as a "resource" for future Warcraft mods. It's now made its way onto ModDB.
"I think you could gut the good bits you want to keep, and merge them into your mod," suggests Wolfkin here. As it stands, Warcraft: Total War includes High Elven units, Dwarfs, Scourge, Ogres, as well as "the full" Warcraft 1-themed Human rosters for Theramore, Stormwind and Lordaeron. "This mod has only a very unbalanced custom battle-mode," adds Wolfkin. "The campaign is there but isn't playable."
Here's some of that in practice:
Despite being a little rough around the edges, the success of Creative Assembly's Total War: Warhammer series suggests there's potential here for more fantasy world-meets-real life turn-based warfare.
More information can be found via the Warcraft: Total War alpha mod's ModDB page. And here are some stills:
Conservative groups change tactics
Three of the nation's most powerful conservative groups have spent more than $30 million on direct political ads since late July, a marked shift in tactics that allows them to keep their donors secret.
Americans for Prosperity, Crossroads GPS and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce spent the vast majority of this money on television and radio ads exclusively opposing President Barack Obama and other Democratic hopefuls, federal records indicate.
Story Continued Below
The Koch brothers-linked Americans for Prosperity alone spent nearly $21 million nationwide on ads against Obama since Aug. 8.
The three conservative groups have alsocombined to spend at least $500,000 against five Democratic Senate candidates: Sen. Bill Nelson of Florida, Sen. Sherrod Brown of Ohio, Rep. Shelley Berkley of Nevada, Rep. Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin and former Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine.
Until recently, these outside groups weren't explicitly calling for candidates' election or defeat. But a recent federal court ruling forcing outside groups sponsoring “electioneering communications” — ads immediately before elections that mention a political candidate but don't overtly endorse or oppose them — to reveal detailed information about their donors has meant a change in tactics.
The easy work-around? Simply call for a candidate's election or defeat, and you can keep the donors secret.
The Federal Election Commissions does not require nonprofit groups sponsoring such advertisements, known as independent expenditures, to out their funders. In contrast, super PACs, which may also raise and spend unlimited amounts of money to advocate for and against candidates, must reveal their donors.
The Chamber offers no apologies for working to protecting its funders' identities.
“We've certainly seen intimidation, smearing, and shaming of political donors who have been disclosed, as well as intimidation designed to force greater disclosure of donors,” Chamber spokesperson Blair Latoff said. “We anticipate that those intimidation efforts will only increase in intensity as we get closer to the election.”
Jonathan Collegio, spokesperson for the Karl Rove-inspired Crossroads GPS, said, “The left has run a consistent campaign of intimidation against conservative donors.”
Both Latoff and Collegio say they believe their organizations' political activity is consistent with their nonprofit tax status, which states they may not have a primary purpose of engaging in politics. Americans for Prosperity did not return messages seeking comment.
Shadow chancellor Ed Balls has urged unions not to fall into a government "trap" by striking over plans to reform public sector pensions.
They said Chancellor George Osborne was "desperate" to provoke industrial action so they could blame them for the weak economic recovery.
Ministers dismissed the suggestion and said negotiations were still ongoing.
But Unison leader Dave Prentis said the government had "scuppered" the talks by appearing unwilling to compromise.
Union leaders are threatening the biggest wave of industrial action since the general strike of 1926, after the government unveiled proposals for public sector employees to work longer and pay more for less generous entitlements in retirement.
The Association of Teachers and Lecturers - one of three unions due to strike on 30 June - has said it will call off the walkout if the government is willing to discuss the level of increases to pension contributions.
'So frustrating'
Mr Balls said the government was deliberately "picking a fight" with the unions.
"George Osborne is desperate to have that confrontation - he's been saying it for months," they told the BBC's Andrew Marr programme.
Analysis Ed Balls is doing two things - criticising the coalition and warning the unions that maybe it is time to tone down the rhetoric. But their words throw Labour's own position into the spotlight. On the airwaves, every shadow minister is being asked whether they support the three unions who are planning to strike over pension reforms on 30 June. Labour could suffer if public opinion sides with the government rather than the unions - who are also the party's biggest financial backers. Ed Miliband is also keen to show they are not in the pockets of union bosses, who helped them win the Labour leadership and earned them the "Red Ed" tag. And now Lord Hutton - the former Labour minister who wrote the report that recommended these reforms - has called on Mr Miliband to make it clear where they stand on pension changes and the strikes they have provoked.
"The trade unions must not walk in to the trap of giving George Osborne the confrontation they want to divert attention from a failing economy. "
Mr Balls said they would "not condemn strikes that haven't happened yet", and said they did believe unions wanted to have "a proper debate and discussion".
"That's why it's so frustrating to see suddenly the Treasury breaking out of the negotiations and seeming to say, 'We've made decisions'."
Treasury Chief Secretary Danny Alexander said the government was "absolutely not" trying to provoke a battle with unions.
"There is a huge amount of room for dialogue," they told Sky News. "There is a huge amount of detail about public sector pensions that we've been discussing in the talks... and we need to take that forward over the coming months."
They insisted the talks could still be constructive, adding: "I don't think my message is uncompromising at all."
But Mr Prentis said a speech by Mr Alexander on Friday, setting out the government's planned changes to pensions, had effectively rendered the talks meaningless.
"If we go back into negotiations on the basis of dialogue but no changes in the proposals, what's the point in that?" they told the BBC.
"If we can get an assurance that the talks are meaningful.. then obviously we'd continue the talks, but we didn't get that impression on Friday."
Unison, which represents 1.3 million people working for local authorities, the NHS, colleges and the police, has not yet balloted its members on industrial action, but Mr Prentis said that would change if they continued "to be treated with disdain".
"And it will be the biggest action since 1926 because up to 10 million people will be involved."
Job cuts
The PCS union, which represents almost 300,000 civil servants, is one of those set to strike on 30 June, and its leader, Mark Serwotka, told the BBC it was very unlikely that the walkout would be called off.
"The government would have to say that they're prepared to seriously negotiate, that they're not going to tell us in advance that everything is going to be worse, that they're prepared to look in a different direction," they said.
"I think the chances of that between now and 30 June - if I'm honest on a scale of one to 10 - are fewer than one."
Public sector workers are already facing heavy job cuts and a pay freeze.
The government's pension proposals would see employees - bar members of the armed forces, police and fire service - receive their occupational pension at the same time as the state pension in future.
Many can currently receive a full pension at 60 but the state pension age is due to rise to 66 for both men and women by April 2020.
Ministers also want to move the public sector scheme from a final salary system to benefits based on career-average earnings. However, lower paid workers would not have their pension contributions increased.
Lord Hutton, the former Labour minister whose recent report formed the basis of the government's plans, said the taxpayer had long footed the bill for public sector pensions.
"I don't personally believe that ministers want to provoke a confrontation with the trade unions - quite the opposite. I think they're trying to find an agreement," they told BBC1's Politics Show.
They said Ed Miliband should endorse their report, and when asked if they would like to see the Labour leader "stand up and say 'call off the strikes'", they replied "of course".
