In a day full of stunners, we next get news from Cyprus, where a few weeks after the start of the "investigation" into who pulled their cash out of the country's doomed banking system in advance of the confiscation news on March 16 (and where even the current president was implicated in transferring over €20 milion in family money to London) the parliamentary committee tasked with tracking down the leaks, has suspended its probe.
As it turns out, it was "all the central bank's fault", which was charged with providing the data. The head of the Cypriot parliament's ethics committee, which was due to look into a list detailing transfers of more than 100,000 euros from the two major banks - Bank of Cyprus and Cyprus Popular Bank - said on Tuesday that the list fell short of what they had requested. "It was with great disappointment and anger that, when we opened the envelope, we realized it contained data for only 15 days even though we had asked for a year," lawmaker Demetris Syllouris told reporters. "This kind of behavior is unacceptable."
This "kind of behavior" also provides a very convient alibi for all those members on the committee who may have incidentally been among the lucky ones channeling funds while the banks were still subject not subject to capital controls. Them, or those who have been generous enough to provide "lobby" funding in order to quickly and quietly crush the inquiry.
But it gets better. Apparently the reason the central bank limited the list to only those who transferred funds in the two weeks prior to the Cypriot bank default, is that it would result in a "huge volume of information" - something the central bank believed the parliamentary committee would never be able to handle. From Reuters:
In a letter to Syllouris, then central bank deputy governor Stavrinakis said they were only attaching a list of individuals and companies who transferred money out of Cyprus between March 1-15 this year. "We believe your request would lead to a huge volume of information, which would possibly not help the aim of your committee," Stavrinakis said. This included foreign companies that transfer large sums of money each day, as well as Cypriots who bought property, they said. Stavrinakis was appointed by the former communist administration three weeks before it lost power in a February election, a move the then opposition decried as political. The main party in the new government, the Democratic Rally party, has for months claimed the needs of the island's now-crippled banking sector were artificially inflated to divert attention away from fiscal mistakes by the previous government. "Actions in Cyprus and beyond over recent months resulted in making the needs of the banks larger ... some people rolled out the carpet to lead us to this," Finance Minister Harris Georgiades told state radio. Syllouris said the ethics committee had requested a list of who transferred money dating back to a year because it wanted to look into possible loans given with favorable terms. They expressed doubt that the list they received, which included the names of about 6,000 individuals and companies that shifted money abroad, was complete. "The wording of the letter has caused concern that not all names are included," they said.
And so on.
Between this, and the endless race between Bitcoin and the S&P for who is most exponential, one can't help but sit back and laugh.
Immersive Construction with guest writer Alison Crady
Immersive reality technology has exploded throughout 2016, with more creative uses invented every day. Many huge corporations are placing massive investments in its development. According to ABI Research predictions, immersive reality will balloon into a $100-billion-dollar industry by 2020.
The exciting technology can be broken down into three distinct categories: Mixed Reality (MR), Augmented Reality (AR), and Virtual Reality (VR). The Microsoft's HoloLens is a great, recent example of mixed reality, which is a split combination of reality and the virtual world. Augmented reality uses “markers” to add pieces of virtual information within the known world. And then there's virtual reality which fully immerses users into an alternate world.
Whether you're creating safer training scenarios, developing project blueprints, working out technical issues or showing off a completed project, immersive technologies will take construction to a new level of efficiency and effectiveness. Though immersive devices are still very early in commercial development stages, experts and industry leaders are grasping on. Because when you can change the way you see the world, you can change the world you see.
HOLOLENSES HEADSET MASTER MIXED REALITY
Perhaps one of the most exciting, user-friendly pieces talked about this year has just been released. Microsoft has been working all year to produce the HoloLens headset, which noticeably resembles a StarTrek device. This wireless headset hit the market just in time for 2016 Christmas gifts. Though with a $3,000 price tag, only a privileged few will find one wrapped beneath the tree.
The headset resembles two rings of a 3D solar system, which unfold in concentric circles. The first, inner circle rests around your head and uses a bicycle-helmet-style ratcheting dial to tighten it securely. The front sticks to your forehead, and the back rests below the backside of your skull.
Users interact with their environment by making specific changes with their index finger. Journalists with early-release experiences noted some user inconvenience due to the precise index finger movement and overall headset discomfort. But at the end of the day, it lets you add the virtual world to your current reality, completely transforming the world you see. Comfortable or not, that's pretty amazing.
DEVELOPERS PRODUCE AUGMENTED REALITY GLASSES
Using “markers” AR glasses allow users to note ultra-specific adjustments in real time and space. Participants add pieces of virtual information to the known environment. Google Glass has already begun providing AR glasses for military uses. But the goal is to branch out into enterprise customers within the year.
DAQRI, a California-based company, has a mission to create the most powerful AR platform humanly possible. They made a huge push forward with their smart helmet, which has great construction project application. It can accurately be described as a visionary tool for the 21st century worker.
Using AR glasses, field workers can find enhanced solutions. Entire repair manuals can be displayed before their eyes during technical difficulties. DAQRI's smart helmet greatly improve efficiency with an enhanced degree of situational awareness. The glasses could easily be used in construction helmets, opening up the next level of project possibilities.
BETA-TESTING FOR VIRTUAL REALITY EXPANDS AND EXCITES
Completely surrounding and all-encompassing environments are possible with VR. Single-users can don a device which allows them to move within a virtual scene. Using kinesthesia and proprioception, the device can track the direction of motion distinct from the direction of eye gaze. While the range of view will vary according the device, participants will be able to turn around, look up and down and see a complete environment, known as virtual reality.
Several construction companies, such as PCL Construction Services and Sellen Construction, have begun beta-testing VR uses onsite using a new product from a Seattle startup called Context VR. It's a mobile app that contractors can use for as-built records, remote walk-throughs, progress reports, estimating, safety training and facility management. By simply uploading engineering drawings or floor plans as PDF, app users can “walk through” the space, taking photos from a 360-degree camera.
This startup is just one example of the many ways VR can transcend the construction industry. Using VR can help construction workers discover new ways to envision projects. They can allow potential buyers and investors to explore first-hand the new environment without needing to be present in the exact location.
The Cave Automated Virtual Environment (CAVE) is another great virtual reality technique with direct application for construction. Firms such as the Boston-based Suffolk Construction have begun using this technique for immersive experiences through mid-construction project sites. This ability has greatly cut down on time and costs due to a reduced number of changes requested mid-project.
THE RAPIDLY EMERGING STARTREK DREAM WORLD
If you grew up watching futuristic series such as the Star Wars or Star Trek phenomenon, then the emerging immersive technology will seem familiar. We are entering a whole new phase of possibilities with our technological advances.
At this point, it's more about the price range and its wide-spread availability. Companies such as Facebook, Google and Microsoft are constantly exploring new ways to fully utilize immersive reality. Emerging headsets, interactive hand controllers and movement sensors will revolutionize the entire construction process.
Developing construction firms should take note. Not only could safety be significantly improved through enhanced off-site training scenarios, but also the production and display of commercial projects can significantly improve. Designers, contractors and architects will be able to make better decisions, earlier on. While there's a high ticket price, VR, AR, and MR are here to stay.
| An MSCNewsWire Guest Post by Alison Crady from This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it. | Friday 23 December 2016 |
Elon Musk wants to build a high-speed ground transport system that could travel between LA and San Francisco in less than 20 minutes. The concept, dubbed "Hyperloop," is a series of maglev-powered pneumatic tubes that could propel passengers in capsules at speeds upwards of 800 miles per hour.
Earlier this month, the Tesla Motors and SpaceX founder announced an open source contest for engineers to design the Hyperloop pods. Next summer, they'll be able to test those designs on a one-mile test track that SpaceX is building adjacent to their headquarters in Hawthorne.
Musk pitched Hyperloop in 2013 after seeing the proposal for the California High-Speed Rail, which would be capable of making the LA to San Francisco trip in just under three hours. The Hyperloop concept would be cheaper, more efficient, more resistant to earthquakes and way, way faster. It would also be lined with solar panels, making it a net energy producer.
SpaceX is not interested in making a profit off of Hyperloop, but rather wants any good ideas to come out of the contest to be used for other projects of the sort.
The future is now, Angelenos.
Arsène Wenger arrives for their pre-Bayern Munich press conference, flanked by the team's vice-captain, Mikel Arteta. They field questions about the FA Cup defeat to Blackburn Rovers, team news and the challenge of Bayern. Then the Sun's story about Arsenal being ready to extend their contract is mentioned.
AW: That is the wrong information. I think I work for 16 years in England and I think I deserve a bit more credit than wrong information, that has only one intention, which is to harm.
Wenger looks at a reporter from the Daily Mail.
AW: I look at you not because you give the information. I do not know if it is you. I do not know where the information comes from.
Daily Mail: Me?
AW: Yeah, why do you look at me?
Daily Mail: Because it's your press conference.
AW: OK, thank you. I just thought you had given this information out.
Daily Mail: No, I'm looking at you because it's your press conference.
AW: OK, thank you very much.
Q: The fans were very upset at going out of the Cup at the weekend.
AW: Look, here is a pre-match conference for the Champions League. If you want to talk about Saturday, that press conference has been made after the game. Can we get some questions about tomorrow's game? That would be very nice.
After a question about Lukas Podolski, a German reporter speaks.
Q: Mr Wenger, Bayern Munich has not only a good offence but also a good defence. Can you tell me about the quality of the defence from Bayern Munich and especially …
AW: I don't talk about Bayern Munich today.
Wenger talks of the importance of a clean sheet, and Arteta answers three questions and Wenger comes back in to discuss Arsenal's mentality.
Q: If everybody is saying you have no opportunity to go through, could that help the team in a way to play with freedom?
AW: We know well what is going on here. What is important is to forget what people say and focus on our strengths. We play for Arsenal in the last 16 of the Champions League, we have qualified for a long, long time. We know what is important. It's not what people say, it's what we produce on the football pitch. We live in a democracy of experts and opinions, but we have to live with that and cope with that and show we have the mental strength to deal with any opinion. There are a lot of experts who are not necessarily always right.
Arteta speaks about Arsenal starting slowly and how the Premier League table would be very different if it were based on second halves. They also discuss the importance of Jack Wilshere. Wenger comes back in.
Q: If this is your last chance to win a trophy this season...
AW: [Sarcastically] Thank you very much for that question. It's a long time that we didn't answer it.
Q: But can you talk about your desire to bring back trophies to the club?
AW: Look, I have been accused of not taking seriously the FA Cup on Saturday … I have won four times the FA Cup. Who has won it more? Give me one name.
Q: I haven't accused you of not taking it seriously, I am just asking you …
AW: OK. Then, the second thing is we have been accused of not putting out a strong team. That is an insult to the players who started the game because we had 11 internationals on the pitch. I would like to tell you as well that we did not lose the game with the players who started. We lost it in the last 20 minutes so there are a lot of superficial analyses that you cannot accept … Because one guy says something, everybody goes the same way.
Q: The question is about your desire to win the Champions League. It is there, isn't it?
AW: No, no. I want to lose it and I want to lose the game tomorrow, so you can all be happy. Of course we want to win it but in Europe, recently, you face as well some other teams who have quality. Barcelona has some qualities, Real Madrid has some qualities and they don't win it every year. We have been consistently there. And now we want to break through. We have been in the final and consistently in the quarter-final, semi-finals, for years. People will say it is not the best opportunity now to do it, I think it is a fantastic opportunity because I feel I have a strong team. And I am sure they will prove me right.
Wenger breaks to talk to the daily newspapers. Here are the main points.
Q: The [Sun] story was a positive one?
AW: Why does it just come out when we lose a big game? In your opinion? You think I am so naive that I don't see what is behind that? You think I am a complete idiot?
Q: Do you feel that there is unfinished business with the Champions League?
AW: Of course, it is unfinished business as long as we don't win it. But if I say to you we will win it this season, you will laugh at me because we just lost against Blackburn. But it can happen. Unfortunately, in football, it is less predictable than that. It is not mathematical.
Q: Tell us why a team that has lost to Blackburn and Bradford can beat Bayern Munich?
AW: Do you think really that Bayern Munich has never lost against a smaller club in Germany? Man United, against Division Three … they have lost. It can happen. What I find is absolutely unbelievable is that when it happens to me, it is a complete storm. You know why? Because in 16 years, it never happened.
Q: Will it suit Arsenal to be the underdogs?
AW: We are underdogs, yes. You just have to read the English press and you understand that.
Q: You have beaten some fantastic teams over the years?
AW: In Europe, we have beaten everybody, which is what people forget. And we are the only team that has gone into a [Champions League] final without conceding a goal, despite the fact that we have never a good defensive record.
Q: What do you need to improve on from these last few weeks?
AW: You have heard Arteta. They sum it up well. We are champions of England in the second half, and in the first half, no. For psychological reasons. Because we fight the whole season against everybody hunting here [in press conferences] ... 'The players are not good enough, buy players and all that', but one day, you will realise that this team has fantastic qualities.
Q: What do you put that first-half, second-half contrast down to?
AW: Psychological.
Q: But what exactly?
AW: I do not necessarily want to come out on that.
Q: You've been very passionate here today. You seem to be suggesting that you don't get the respect you deserve? Any theories about why?
AW: I don't take that personally. I'm more worried about the players. I will go into the Champions League tomorrow night in a difficult situation. On top of that, they have to fight against everybody and I want to protect the players to make sure they go into the game in good conditions.
Q: You seem angry?
AW: I'm angry because when you give wrong information like that … there's not only wrong information behind that. See what I mean?
Q: It's aimed to hurt you?
AW: The lie is targeted to hurt. It's easy to say people are not happy and on top of that say he's extending the contract. That's what I mean. I've worked here for 16 years and when I say I deserve more credit, that's not about respect and everybody says: 'He's doing well.' It is morally. I think that's right. You can criticise me and say I'm a bad manager. I'd never come back to you on that. But I think when you work like that ... you will never find any story behind me that I've taken money anywhere, or things like that. So I think morally that is wrong.
Q: But the story is a positive one saying that they want to keep you.
AW: Come on.
Q: Do you not think that some of the criticism is justified? You're 21 points off the top of the table. You're going to get criticised …
AW: We are, of course, criticised for that. But we are not the only ones. You have some clubs that have invested more money than us for years and they are behind as well. We accept this kind of criticism. But it's not what I am talking about. It's about some other things that I talk about that have come out. They are lies. But when you criticise [about being too far behind], on that, then it is true. I can only say I am sorry. You are right, we are far too far away from Manchester United.
Q: Are you under more pressure than ever? We don't normally see you like this?
AW: I reacted this way to the lie.
Q: Is it just to the lie or it is deeper than that?
AW: To the intention that is behind the lie. Honestly, do you really think I take all that personally? What I don't accept is lies and when the target behind it is to manipulate people.
Q: Do you think you've misread this? The story does say that despite everything they want you to stay. So that's good rather than bad but you seem to see a conspiracy theory.
AW: I am not a conspiracy theorist. I am 30 years in this job and if I was paranoid, you would know it already. I just think that when I worked for 16 years in the country I expect a certain respect. You can criticise me and say I am doing a bad job, I will never come back to you. But this kind of thing that is a bit manipulative … and then when they are wrong, I don't accept it.
Q: What is your current contractual situation?
AW: My contract ends in 2014. I will have completed 30 years without interruption at top-level football and that demands at least a lot of commitment. Maybe no quality but commitment, for sure.
Q: What will happen beyond 2014?
AW: I am not completely sure that you are really interested. When we lost at home to Blackburn, I am not sure that is your first worry.
Q: We would miss you!
AW: I am sure you would miss me when I am gone.
With ominous red lighting, creepy statue adornments, ventilation pipes resembling cannons and spaceship-like silhouettes, these buildings put off some seriously evil vibes. It's hard to imagine how the architects failed to realize they were designing oversized haunted mansions, battleships, missile launchers, murder hotels and the Eye of Sauron, but as the subreddit r/evilbuildings illustrates, there are a whole lot of villainous-looking buildings in the world. Check out Reddit for dozens more.
Battleship Building: Research Institute for Experimental Medicine, Berlin, Germany
Completed in 1972 to house animal research facilities, Berlin's Research Institute for Experimental Medicine is a bizarre Brutalist wonder. Its shape coupled with a multitude of ventilation pipes sticking out of the exterior walls makes it look more than a little bit like a battleship – even the globes of the lamps outside could be mistaken for cannonballs in mid-flight.
The Kingdom Centre's Eye of Sauron, Riyadh, Saudi Arabia
One ring to rule them all! By day, the Kingdom Centre tower looks pretty benign. But at night, the skybridge at its pinnacle lights up in various colors, and when this photo was captured, its red glow made it a dead ringer for the Eye of Sauron.
Niagara Mohawk Building, Syracuse, New York
This beautiful Art Deco building in Syracuse, New York cuts a dramatic silhouette when illuminated after dark, and the winged statue on the front – which is meant to symbolize lightning – has a bit of a foreboding feel to it.
Polygone Riviera Shopping Center, France
Does this building make anyone else think of the muggle-squashing ‘Magic is Might' monument that appeared in the movie Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows: Part 1? It doesn't help that the expression on this colossal man's face looks anguished as they peer out from between two sections of the building.
Tomorrow Square Building, Shanghai
Many people have rightly pointed out that the tip of the Tomorrow Square Building in Shanghai looks like it's about to launch a nuclear weapon into the sky any time now.
A former personal aide to United States President Barack Obama said Monday that false rumors they were a Muslim were "moved along" by Hillary Clinton staffers in 2008. Reggie Love, speaking Monday with Fox News radio host Brian Kilmeade, said they didn't know where the story questioning Obama's faith originated, but the campaign had solid indicators that "folks from that camp" were spreading it.
One of Kilmeade's questions to Love revolved around an excerpt from their book, “Power Forward: My Presidential Education,” which chronicles Obama's rise to president. Love wrote about a moment on the tarmac at the Ronald Reagan Washington National Airport in 2007 where Clinton approached Obama to apologize for a staffer who suggested Obama was a drug user and seller.
Obama "very respectfully told them the apology was kind, but largely meaningless, given the emails it was rumored their camp had been sending out labeling them as a Muslim. Before they could finish their sentence, they exploded on Obama. In a matter of seconds, they went from composed to furious," according to a Washington Post excerpt from the book. Love described it as the moment Obama -- who is a Christian -- knew they would win the Democratic nomination for president.
Love confirmed this account to Kilmeade Monday, saying that Obama's campaign had "pretty decent data points" that told them about Clinton's role in the rumors. “For then-Sen. Obama, the campaign trail had been very challenging for him, and one of the things I don't think they expected was in the Democratic primary there would have been as much smearing, as you want to call it, and going after people's credibility and who they are as a person with information that is a little less than accurate," Love said.
Claims that Obama was or is Muslim cropped up in their first bid for the presidency, and they've resurfaced in the run-up to the 2016 election. Earlier this month, GOP front-runner Donald Trump failed to correct a supporter who referred to Obama as a Muslim in a question at a New Hampshire town hall event. Then, neurosurgeon Ben Carson told reporters that they "would not advocate that we put a Muslim in charge of this nation," according to CNN.
Clinton, the Democratic front-runner, took aim at Trump on Twitter, writing that "not denouncing false statements about POTUS & hateful rhetoric about Muslims is disturbing, & just plain wrong." They also rejected a question from CNN's Don Lemon about whether they started the so-called "birther" movement. "That is so ludicrous, Don. You know, honestly, I just believe that, first of all, it's totally untrue, and secondly, you know, the president and I have never had any kind of confrontation like that," Clinton said, according to Politifact.
II. Interventionism
Most people take it for granted that the world will never return to the gold standard. The gold standard, they say, is as obsolete as the horse and buggy. The system of government-issued fiat money provides the treasury with the funds required for an open-handed spending policy that benefits everybody; it forces prices and wages up and the rate of interest down and thereby creates prosperity. It is a system that is here to stay.
Now whatever virtues one may ascribe—undeservedly—to the modern variety of the greenback standard, there is one thing that it certainly cannot achieve. It can never become a permanent, lasting system of monetary management. It can work only as long as people are not aware of the fact that the government plans to keep it.
The Alleged Blessings of Inflation
The alleged advantages that the champions of fiat money expect from the operation of the system they advocate are temporary only. An injection of a definite quantity of new money into the nation's economy starts a boom as it enhances prices. But once this new money has exhausted all its price-raising potentialities and all prices and wages are adjusted to the increased quantity of money in circulation, the stimulation it provided to business ceases. Thus even if we neglect dealing with the undesired and undesirable consequences and social costs of such inflationary measures and, for the sake of argument, even if we accept all that the harbingers of "expansionism" advance in favor of inflation, we must realize that the alleged blessings of these policies are short-lived. If one wants to perpetuate them, it is necessary to go on and on increasing the quantity of money in circulation and expanding credit at an ever-accelerated pace. But even then the ideal of the expansionists and inflationists, viz., an everlasting boom not upset by any reverse, could not materialize.
A fiat-money inflation can be carried on only as long as the masses do not become aware of the fact that the government is committed to such a policy. Once the common man finds out that the quantity of circulating money will be increased more and more, and that consequently its purchasing power will continually drop and prices will rise to ever higher peaks, they begin to realize that the money in their pocket is melting away. Then they adopt the conduct previously practiced only by those smeared as profiteers; they "flees into real values." They buy commodities, not for the sake of enjoying them, but in order to avoid the losses involved in holding cash. The knell of the inflated monetary system sounds. We have only to recall the many historical precedents beginning with the Continental Currency of the War of Independence.
Why Perpetual Inflation Is Impossible
The fiat-money system, as it operates today in this country and in some others, could avoid disaster only because a keen critique on the part of a few economists alerted public opinion and forced upon the government cautious restraint in their inflationary ventures. If it had not been for the opposition of these authors, usually labeled orthodox and reactionary, the dollar would long since have gone the way of the German mark of 1923. The catastrophe of the Reich's currency was brought about precisely because no such opposition was vocal in Weimar Germany.
Champions of the continuation of the easy money scheme are mistaken when they think that the policies they advocate could prevent altogether the adversities they complain about. It is certainly possible to go on for a while in the expansionist routine of deficit spending by borrowing from the commercial banks and supporting the government bond market. But after some time it will be imperative to stop. Otherwise the public will become alarmed about the future of the dollar's purchasing power and a panic will follow. As soon as one stops, however, all the unwelcome consequences of the aftermath of inflation will be experienced. The longer the preceding period of expansion has lasted, the more unpleasant those consequences will be.
The attitude of a great many people with regard to inflation is ambivalent. They are aware, on the one hand, of the dangers inherent in a continuation of the policy of pumping more and more money into the economic system. But as soon as anything substantial is done to stop increasing the amount of money, they begin to cry out about high interest rates and bearish conditions on the stock and commodity exchanges. They are loath to relinquish the cherished illusion which ascribes to government and central banks the magic power to make people happy by endless spending and inflation.
Full Employment and the Gold Standard
The main argument advanced today against the return to the gold standard is crystallized in the slogan " full-employment policy." It is said that the gold standard paralyzes efforts to make unemployment disappear.
On a free labor market the tendency prevails to fix wage rates for every kind of work at such a height that all employers ready to pay these wages find all the employees they want to hire, and all job-seekers ready to work for these wages find employment. But if compulsion or coercion on the part of the government or the labor unions is used to keep wage rates above the height of these market rates, unemployment of a part of the potential labor force inevitably results.
Neither governments nor labor unions have the power to raise wage rates for all those eager to find jobs. All they can achieve is to raise wage rates for the workers employed, while an increasing number of people who would like to work cannot get employment. A rise in the market wage rate—i.e., the rate at which all job-seekers finally find employment—can be brought about only by raising the marginal productivity of labor. Practically, this means by raising the per-capita quota of capital invested. Wage rates and standards of living are much higher today than they were in the past because under capitalism the increase in capital invested by far exceeds the increase in population. Wage rates in the United States are many times higher than in India because the American percapita quota of capital invested is many times higher than the Indian per-capita quota of capital invested.
There is only one method for a successful "full-employment policy": let the market determine the height of wage rates. The method that Lord Keynes has baptized "full-employment policy" also aimed at re-establishment of the rate which the free labor market tends to fix. The peculiarity of Keynes' proposal consisted in the fact that it proposed to eradicate the discrepancy between the decreed and enforced official wage rate and the potential rate of the free labor market by lowering the purchasing power of the monetary unit. It aimed at holding nominal wage rates, i.e., wage rates expressed in terms of the national fiat money, at the height fixed by the government's decree or by labor union pressure. But as the quantity of money in circulation was increased and consequently a trend toward a drop in the monetary unit's purchasing power developed, real wage rates, i.e., wage rates expressed in terms of commodities, would fall. Full employment would be reached when the difference between the official rate and the market rate of real wages disappeared.
There is no need to examine anew the question whether the Keynesian scheme could really work. Even if, for the sake of argument, we were to admit this, there would be no reason to adopt it. Its final effect upon the conditions of the labor market would not differ from that achieved by the operation of the market factors when left alone. But it attains this end only at the cost of a very serious disturbance in the whole price structure and thereby the entire economic system. The Keynesians refuse to call "inflation" any increase in the quantity of money in circulation that is designed to fight unemployment. But this is merely playing with words. For they themselves emphasize that the success of their plan depends on the emergence of a general rise in commodity prices.
It is, therefore, a fable that the Keynesian full-employment recipe could achieve anything for the benefit of the wage earners that could not be achieved under the gold standard. The full-employment argument is as illusory as all the other arguments advanced in favor of increasing the quantity of money in circulation.
The Specter of an Unfavorable International Balance
A popular doctrine maintains that the gold standard cannot be preserved by a country with what is called an "unfavorable balance of payments." It is obvious that this argument is of no use to the American opponents of the gold standard. The United States [1953] has a very considerable surplus of exports over imports. This is neither an act of God nor an effect of wicked isolationism. It is the consequence of the fact that this country, under various titles and pretexts, gives financial aid to many foreign nations. These grants alone enable the foreign recipients to buy more in this country than they are selling in its markets. In the absence of such subsidies it would be impossible for any country to buy anything abroad that it could not pay for, either by exporting commodities or by rendering some other service such as carrying foreign goods in its ships or entertaining foreign tourists. No artifices of monetary policy, however sophisticated and however ruthlessly enforced by the police, can in any way alter this fact.
It is not true that the so-called have-not countries have derived any advantage from their abandonment of the gold standard. The virtual repudiation of their foreign debts, and the virtual expropriation of foreign investments that it involved, brought them no more than a momentary respite. The main and lasting effect of abandoning the gold standard, the disintegration of the international capital market, hit these debtor countries much harder than it hit the creditor countries. The falling off of foreign investments is one of the main causes of the calamities they are suffering today.
The gold standard did not collapse. Governments, anxious to spend, even if this meant spending their countries into bankruptcy, intentionally aimed at destroying it. They are committed to an anti-gold policy, but they have lamentably failed in their endeavors to discredit gold. Although officially banned, gold in the eyes of the people is still money, even the only genuine money. The more prestige the legal-tender notes produced by the various government printing offices enjoy, the more stable their exchange ratio is against gold. But people do not hoard paper; they hoard gold. The citizens of this country, of course, are not free to hold, to buy, or to sell gold. If they were allowed to do so, they certainly would.
No international agreements, no diplomats, and no supernational bureaucracies are needed in order to restore sound monetary conditions. If a country adopts a non-inflationary policy and clings to it, then the condition required for the return to gold is already present. The return to gold does not depend on the fulfillment of some material condition. It is an ideological problem. It presupposes only one thing: the abandonment of the illusion that increasing the quantity of money creates prosperity.
The excellence of the gold standard is to be seen in the fact that it makes the monetary unit's purchasing power independent of the arbitrary and vacillating policies of governments, political parties, and pressure groups. Historical experience, especially in the last decades, has clearly shown the evils inherent in a national currency system that lacks this independence.
Reprinted from The Freeman, July 13, 1953.
The UN Security Council was unable on Friday to agree on a Russian-drafted statement demanding an immediate ceasefire or at least humanitarian pauses in the fighting in Yemen.
Russian ambassador Vitaly Churkin criticised the 15-member council, saying fellow envoys showed "amazing indecision" in the face of the worsening humanitarian crisis in Yemen.
"If you cannot agree to a motherhood-and-apple-pie statement, what can you agree on? I don't understand," Churkin told reporters following the behind-closed-door meeting.
"Clearly, they need to feel their responsibility since they are supporting the bombing of the coalition, the responsibility of the humanitarian consequences," Churkin said.
Churkin had called the Security Council meeting a day after the UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon chief said that basic services in Yemen were "on the brink of collapse".
Russia had requested the urgent meeting after Ban warned that fuel shortages were threatening to bring all relief operations to a halt "within days".
A Saudi-led air campaign launched a month ago in Yemen has crippled deliveries of fuel, food and medicine while all airports are closed to civilian traffic and naval shipments are delayed.
Diplomats said the Russian statement appealing for action was not rejected out of hand but that the delegations needed time to consider the wording.
"There was a strong degree of council agreement on the desperate humanitarian situation in Yemen and need to return to political talks, but no agreement in the room on the exact working of the statement," said a diplomat.
Russia's diplomacy has been greeted with some suspicion given the country's close ties to Iran, which is alleged to be supporting the Houthi fighters who have seized the capital Sanaa and forced Yemen's president into exile.
A US diplomat said Washington supports humanitarian pauses and was urging Saudi Arabia to take measures to ensure aid deliveries reach civilians trapped in the fighting.
"But let's be clear - it is the ongoing, unilateral actions of Houthis and forces loyal to former president [Ali Abdullah] Saleh that are responsible for the humanitarian crisis," they added.
New envoy to hold talks
Senior UN official Jeffrey Feltman told the council that the new UN envoy for Yemen would travel to the region next week for talks on advancing prospects for a return to peace negotiations, diplomats said.
It will be Ismail Ould Cheikh Ahmed's first visit to capitals in the Gulf and Middle East since they were appointed as peace envoy for Yemen on 25 April.
The Mauritanian diplomat was appointed to replace Jamal Benomar, who resigned after losing the support of Gulf states.
Talks collapsed after the Shiite Houthi rebels went on the offensive, seizing Sanaa and advancing on Aden, forcing President Abd Rabbuh Mansour Hadi to flee into exile to Saudi Arabia.
The Saudi-led coalition launched the air war on Yemen on 26 March to prevent the Houthi rebels from taking the entire territory and to restore Hadi's authority.
Churkin accused Saudi Arabia and its allies of showing little interest in a return to peace talks.
"We support negotiations but we don't see an interest on the part of those who are engaged in bombing," Churkin said.
UN efforts to resume peace negotiations for Yemen have run into hurdles over disagreements on the venue for the talks, with Gulf countries insisting they be held in Riyadh.
Churkin said the talks should take place in "neutral territory," suggesting Geneva as a venue, a proposal backed by other Security Council members.
Diplomats said Feltman told the council that Ban was considering holding an international peace conference on Yemen to re-launch talks.
Meanwhile, US officials said that Secretary of State John Kerry might visit Saudi Arabia in order to explore new ways to end the conflict in Yemen, the Associated Press reported.
In 2014, Tumblr was on the front lines of the battle for net neutrality. The company stood alongside Amazon, Kickstarter, Etsy, Vimeo, Reddit, and Netflix during Battle for the Net's day of action. Tumblr CEO David Karp was also part of a group of New York tech CEOs that met with then-FCC chairperson Tom Wheeler in Brooklyn that summer, while the FCC was fielding public comment on new Title II rules. President Obama invited Karp to the White House to discuss various issues around public education, and in February 2015 The Wall Street Journal reported that it was the influence of Karp and a small group of liberal tech CEOs that swayed Obama toward a philosophy of internet as public utility.
But three years later, as the battle for net neutrality heats up once again, Tumblr has been uncharacteristically silent. The last mention of net neutrality on Tumblr's staff blog — which frequently posts about political issues from civil rights to climate change to gun control to student loan debt — was in June 2016. And Tumblr is not listed as a participating tech company for Battle for the Net's next day of action, coming up in three weeks.
Tumblr has been uncharacteristically silent
A representative for Battle for the Net told The Verge in an email, “Outreach for the day of action is very much an active and ongoing process... I wouldn't read too much into who is and isn't on the list so far.” Still, a rep for Tumblr declined to comment on whether the company would be participating, and AOL's senior VP of brand communications Caroline Campbell responded to an inquiry about whether Tumblr would maintain its stance on net neutrality, writing “[It's] just too early to answer your question.”
When a company and a CEO have a reputation for being loud, silence says something.
Karp is still outspoken on other issues that matter to him, however.  They are on the board of Planned Parenthood, and Tumblr hosted a “Never Going Back” rally at SXSW this year, protesting renewed threats on reproductive rights. They published a joint statement with Planned Parenthood president Cecile Richards on The Verge, and has been extremely outspoken about their belief that tech industry leaders are obligated to step in to defend federal funding for Planned Parenthood. Meanwhile, Karp's only public comment about net neutrality since the 2016 election was a quote they gave to Variety as an aside at SXSW in March: “I'm heartbroken to see the sea change on net neutrality.”
One reason for Karp and Tumblr's silence? Last week Verizon completed its acquisition of Tumblr parent company Yahoo, kicking off the subsequent merger of Yahoo and AOL to create a new company called Oath. As one of the world's largest ISPs, Verizon is notorious for challenging the principles of net neutrality — it sued the FCC in an effort to overturn net neutrality rules in 2011, and its general counsel Kathy Grillo published a note this April complimenting new FCC chairperson Ajit Pai's plan to weaken telecommunication regulations.
Now, multiple sources tell The Verge that employees are concerned that Karp has been discouraged from speaking publicly on the issue, and one engineer conveyed that Karp told a group of engineers and engineering directors as much in a weekly meeting that took place shortly after SXSW. “Karp has talked about the net neutrality stuff internally, but won't commit to supporting it externally anymore,” the engineer said. “[He] assures [us] that they are gonna keep trying to fight for the ability to fight for it publicly.” Karp did not respond to four emails asking for comment, and neither Yahoo nor Tumblr would speak about the matter on the record.
On the day Verizon's Yahoo acquisition was completed, Tumblr was hit by a wave of layoffs. A number of current and former employees shared a post by social media industry commentator Andréa López entitled “Layoffs and Tumblr the Centipede.” In it, López theorizes, “In addition to the real life talented human beings impacted by these layoffs, the move is a warning and reminder — Tumblr is no longer in the protective purgatory of pre-Verizon Yahoo.” If Mayer's Yahoo didn't really know what it was doing with Tumblr, that meant Tumblr was free to do what it wanted. That extended to politics: Yahoo didn't give Tumblr any official blessing or encouragement when it decided to become the tech industry's fiercest net neutrality defender three years ago. Now things are a little bit stickier.
Bryan Irace, an engineering manager who worked at Tumblr from March 2012 to November 2015, explained Tumblr's culture to The Verge in an email, writing, “We all [participated]. As with many other causes (e.g. SOPA/PIPA), [net neutrality] was a huge part of the company culture. A free and open Internet was a prerequisite for Tumblr to grow from an idea in David's head into the platform that it is today... During my tenure there, Tumblr never shied away from speaking out about causes that the team collectively believed in.”
aggression on net neutrality “stops at leadership”
But a former employee who recently left Tumblr told The Verge that some employees who wanted to work there because of its culture of community and activism have been feeling uneasy for at least the last several weeks because of what they feel is a shift in Tumblr's priorities.
“Some of our previous stances on issues that are really important to Tumblr employees and its community are being silenced,” said the former employee. “We've been really noisy about things like net neutrality in the past. We asked the new Head, Simon Khalaf, about it in an all-hands a few weeks ago and they said it was ‘not their problem' and ‘above their pay grade.'” A current employee and another former employee corroborated this account.
Simon Khalaf is the former CEO of Flurry, an analytics app that was acquired by Yahoo in 2014. Under Yahoo, Khalaf was given a myriad of responsibilities related mostly to mobile app development and publishing partners — including Yahoo News, Yahoo Sports, and Tumblr. They were promoted to senior VP in April 2015, then tapped by Oath CEO Tim Armstrong to head Media Brands and Products. Karp now reports directly to Khalaf.
The Verge spoke to two former employees and one current employee about net neutrality advocacy at the company. One former employee said that the “whole org” is still aggressive on net neutrality and other progressive causes — but that aggression “stops at leadership.”
In addition, at the all-hands meeting at Tumblr last month, all three sources say Khalaf gave a speech that shocked much of the staff. One source described the talk as “a whole bunch of terrible, shitty corporate speak,” in which Khalaf used military metaphors to explain how Tumblr could use content as “a weapon” to beat out its competition.
Two former Tumblr employees said they were alarmed when Khalaf chose Black Lives Matter as an example of a community that the company should focus on converting into Yahoo media consumers. One told The Verge, “Simon explicitly said that Black Lives Matter was an opportunity to [make] a ton of money.” The same person also recalled: “Tumblr employees totally freaked, but couldn't really be vocal about it because we were in [New York City] watching over video cast.” The other said that the meeting was “extremely uncomfortable” and “a lot of people were really upset,” leading to a heated conversation in Tumblr's Slack, which is separate from Yahoo's.
One Tumblr engineer did not recall the statement about Black Lives Matter, but remembered staffers discussing the generally “eyebrow-raising” all-hands in Slack, as well as the conversation turning into “a huge mess.” That conversation got back to Khalaf, and it fell to Karp to discipline the Tumblr staff in a weekly meeting. Khalaf did not respond to a request for comment, but a source close to them wanted it noted that Black Lives Matter was only one “community” that Khalaf referenced: they also discussed Game of Thrones and Manchester United fans.
Asked whether progressive politics were still a powerful force at Tumblr, Ari Levine, who worked as Tumblr's brand strategist from July 2012 to November 2014, told The Verge in a phone call, “I imagine that remains innate on some level. But without question the people that saw their role at Tumblr as being able to empower change and be a voice and motivate the community to be a voice in a meaningful way, those people are gone.”
There has been a notable exodus of many of the individuals who spearheaded Tumblr's net neutrality activism. That includes employees like former public policy lead Liba Rubenstein (now at 21st Century Fox) and general counsel Ari Shahdadi (now at BuzzFeed), who collaborated on Tumblr's first major actions in support of net neutrality. Katherine Barna, head of communications at Tumblr since March 2011, left the company this month, writing that their biggest accomplishments during that time included “saving net neutrality for a minute there.” It's not an overstatement: Tumblr even went to court to defend net neutrality in 2015, alongside the other NYC startups it had built an alliance with the year before, and tech policy lawyer Marvin Ammori told Motherboard at the time, “No companies deserve more credit than the New York tech community for the victory at the FCC.”
It's important to note that the 2017 and 2014 battles for net neutrality are very different — even when completely divorced from Verizon's involvement at Tumblr. Defenders of the open internet are facing a far more antagonistic FCC and Congress, as well as a president who does not seem to know what net neutrality is, and is far more likely to ignore the issue completely than invite David Karp back to the White House.
Whether or not Karp comes out in support of net neutrality, all of the employees we spoke with were still adamant about fighting for the cause. “We all love Tumblr and actually really care about its future and community,” said one former employee. “Many of the people who are still there are good people trying to do the right thing.”
Tajamul Islam, a seven-year-old girl, is set to become the first Indian to represent the country at the World Kickboxing Championship in Andria, Italy, from November 14 to 19.
Tajamul, who hails from a small village in North Kashmir's Bandipora district, will be the first Kashmiri girl to take part in kickboxing at the international level.
Tajamul comes from a humble family. Them father, Ghulam Mohammad Lone, is a driver with Hindustan Construction Company.
The school-going kid has been a sensation in Bandipora and is inspiring the girls of Kashmir. They were adjudged the best fighter of Jammu & Kashmir in 2014 in a district championship in Bandipora.
Not only that, they went a step further when they bagged a gold in the sub-junior category in the National Kickboxing Championship in New Delhi in December last year, booking their berth at this year's World Championship.
Them coach Faisal Ali Dar has praised their dedication and thanked the girl's parents and school teachers for supporting the young talent.
"Tajamul has shown ultimate fortitude considering their tender age but their success is the combined efforts of their parents, who supported them in every possible way, their teachers at Goodwill school, who worked really hard to polish their raw talent and most of all the senior vice-president kick-boxing Federation of India, Mr Ghulam Nabi Tantray, who encouraged Tajamul to show their talent even after some age related issues surfaced," Dar was quoted saying by Kashmir Observer.
Vice-president of the Kickboxing Federation of India Ghulam Nabi Tantray is confident of Tajamul's success.
"I saw something amazingly different in them when they won the gold medal in Delhi and I was fully determined to remove any obstacle coming their way. I believe that they will set new milestones of success," Ghulam Nabi Tantray said.
Min is a new, open-source web browser for Windows, Mac and — hurrah — Linux.
Min isn't attempting to feature leap Firefox or compete with Chrome, and it's the total opposite of ‘bells n' whistle' browsers like Vivaldi.
The app shuns advanced features like add-on frameworks, UI transitions and window chrome to focus on delivering a clean, straightforward web experience.
While Min probably won't become your default web-browser it's ideally suited to focused, distraction free web-based working.
Min Does Less, Letting You Do More
Min is written entirely with CSS and JavaScript, and is fully open-source. It describes itself as “a smarter, faster web browser”.
But it's not solely a plain frame for the web. Min also a few innovative, quirky touches of its own to shout about.
For example, Tabs in Min open to the right of the current tab, rather than the left. It also dims tabs that are open but that you haven't looked at in a while. This, the website says, helps you “focus on what you're working on.”
Focus Mode
Talking of focus you'll find an optional “Focus Mode” hidden in the View menu. When enabled it will hide all tabs except the one you're looking at. Neatly, you can't open new tabs when in focus mode.
Tasks
For major tab users there's a handy “Tasks” mode that lets you group tabs based on a customizable topic, task or whim.
When browsing the web look for the paragraph alignment icon in the tab area. Click it to enable Reading Mode.
This feature does two things: 1) saves the article for future references and 2) it strips away everything on the page bar the text, so that you can focus on the task of reading.
DuckDuckGo
The search bar in Min is powered by DuckDuckGo. It can offer quick snippets, answers and web suggestions. Think of it as a DuckDuckGo-powered version of Chrome's answers in suggest or Safari's Spotlight Suggestions.
“The [Min] searchbar answers your questions immediately, with information from DuckDuckGo, Wikipedia, and more. Jump to any site quickly with fuzzy search, and get suggestions before you even start typing. And when you create a bookmark, the full text of the page is saved and becomes searchable, so you'll never lose anything again,” explains the Min post-install tour page.
The nifty tab search bar also supports DuckDuckGo's popular !Bang feature. A host of well known sites and services are catered for, including Amazon (!a), eBay (!ebay), and YouTube (!yt).
You can even for articles on OMG! Ubuntu! by typing !omgubuntu followed by your query. E.g:
!omg ubuntu 16.10
There's also a !bang for our sister site too, e.g: –
!omgchrome android apps
Other Features
The browser's key features at a glance:
Smart results – powered by DuckDuckGo
Reading list – simplifies reading experience, saves articles for 30 days
Bookmarks – searchable
Tasks – split tabs into groups
Focus mode – hides distraction
Privacy features – script blocker
For a more advanced overview of Min' features check out the first-run tour (in any browser):
View the Min Browser ‘Getting Started' Tour
Drawbacks
There are a few missing features. For one, there's no obvious way to navigate back/forward or refresh web pages; there's no tab pinning; and nothing to visually denote page loading times.
You can't use plugins like Flash, Java or whatever else; you can't watch Netflix (because it requires a specific module) but most modern web features should work just as well in Min as in any other browser.
In short if you're looking for a small, lightweight browser for Linux (or Mac OS X or Windows) Min is well worth taking for a spin.
Download Min, the minimal web browser, for Linux
Min is a free, open-source app that works on Ubuntu 14.04 LTS and above.
You'll find 32 bit and 64 bit Deb installers available from the main project release page from the link below, where you'll also find source, Mac and Windows packages.
Download the latest release of the Min web browser
H/t to Andrew
Stop & Shop is jumping into the development boom that is remaking neighborhoods across Boston, proposing to build more than 1,000 apartments in a mainly commercial area off the Massachusetts Turnpike on the Allston-Brighton line.
The supermarket chain submitted plans to Boston officials for what would be among the biggest housing developments in the city. The 11-acre property is adjacent to the new Boston Landing development being built by New Balance that will also include several hundred apartments and a new commuter rail station.
The proposal is in keeping with Mayor Martin J. Walsh's push to get more housing in the outer neighborhoods of Boston and would also help the mayor reach their stated goal of building 53,000 new units by 2030.
Advertisement
And Allston-Brighton has emerged as perhaps the hottest of those outlying neighborhoods, as builders look for locations that are cheaper than downtown but still relatively close to job centers in the city. The Forest Hills section of Jamaica Plain and Readville in Hyde Park each have proposals for several hundred apartments, while just across the city line, in Watertown and in Somerville, there are hundreds more in the works.
Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day's most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
In a preliminary filing with the Boston Planning & Development Agency, Stop & Shop outlined a multiple-phase project at 60 Everett St. that would start with a 360-unit residential building and a new “state-of-the-art” supermarket to replace the 20-year-old store there now. Later phases would add up to 650 more housing units, retail, parking, and perhaps office space.
Stop & Shop also said it would create open space within the property and add a street and bikeway. It did not provide a timeline for the project. More details will come this spring, a spokesperson said.
“We are excited to share our vision with the community and look forward to hearing from our neighbors as we bring this project to life,” said Linda Costanzo, director of real estate for Stop & Shop's parent company, Ahold USA, in a statement. “We welcome a thoughtful dialogue about how to maximize the local benefits associated with this project.”
Allston-Brighton has numerous large-scale projects underway or in development, including the seven-building, 15-acre Boston Landing campus, which includes with a new corporate headquarters for New Balance, apartments, hotel, and practice facilities for the Boston Bruins and Boston Celtics. New Balance is also funding the new commuter rail station, expected to open this year, that will provide transit service directly to downtown.
Advertisement
Much of the new development in this part of the section is in a corridor on either side of the turnpike. There is a series of apartment buildings proposed or constructed along Western Avenue, and closer to the Stop & Shop, on Braintree Street, an 80-unit apartment building is under construction.
And, Harvard University is working on a 500,000-square-foot science and engineering complex in Allston and planning a further buildout on the site of the former CSX Beacon Park rail yard about a half-mile east of the Stop & Shop property. Brighton Center also has several large apartment and condo developments under review.
It's a lot of big, new development coming to a neighborhood of mostly modest, middle-class housing, said Carol Ridge Martinez, executive director of the Allston Brighton Community Development Corporation.
“I think a lot of people will say it's pretty dense,” they said. “People are concerned about traffic, and about what types of housing might get built.”
But Martinez, whose group owns an affordable-housing development next door to the Stop & Shop site, said the project — as long as it's well-designed — could help change the way people look at a neighborhood that is changing fast.
Advertisement
“The whole corridor [along North Beacon] has never really looked very good,” Martinez said. “You drive up and down and think, ‘This is Allston-Brighton?' Things could really improve.”
Craig F. Walker/Globe Staff The New Balance world headquarters at the Boston Landing complex in Brighton.
Tim Logan can be reached at tim.logan@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter at @bytimlogan
Members of the Tea Party have joined protesters standing up against the ‘Monsanto Protection Act', calling the provision a ‘special interest loophole' for friends of Congress.
The provision has now sparked so much outrage that both the far right and the far left are uniting in their condemnation of Section 735 of the Agricultural Appropriations Bill, which President Barack Obama signed into law last week.
This section, which critics refer to as the ‘Monsanto Protection Act', safeguards the biotech company from any sort of litigation. Buried within the 78-page bill, the provision allows agriculture companies to plant and sell genetically modified seeds and genetically modified organisms, without facing the risk of litigation.
The passage of the provision has led to nationwide protests and a Food Democracy Now petition that at least 250,000 people have signed in opposition to the provision. Members of the Tea Party Patriots have also taken a stance against the ‘Monsanto Protection Act', which was first revealed through a blog post published by the party on its website. Dustin Siggins, a blogger for the Tea Party, narrowed down the political group's perspective, which may differ in terms of environmental beliefs but which remains consistent in its opposition to the legal bypasses that the provision grants biotech companies like Monsanto.
Siggins claims that “environmentalists are dishonest in calling this the Monsanto Protection Act, [since] it is a provision in the CR that protects a number of businesses and industries,” but that regardless of what the provision is called, it still gives industries the ability to ignore court injunctions.
“This is a dangerous precedent,” Siggins writes. Although Tea Partiers might support the GMO industry and disagree with environmental activities on other issues, it is the interference with the court system that bothers the group.
"It is not the purview of Tea Party Patriots to comment on the merits of GMOs -– that is a discussion and debate for experts and activists within that field," Siggins adds. "From the perspective of citizens who want open, transparent government that serves the people, however, the so-called 'Monsanto Protection Act,' Section 735 of the Continuing Resolution, is one heck of a special interest loophole for friends of Congress."
Americans from a range of political backgrounds have voiced their concern over the ‘Monsanto Protection Act' even before it was signed into law, but the president approved HR 933 despite the firestorm generated by the provision. Further explaining the ‘Tea Party perspective', Siggins writes that even though the Tea Party tolerates certain loopholes and competitive benefits given to large corporations, this is one that can't be overlooked.
“This all can be boiled down into a single, common phrase: a special interest loophole, and a doozy at that,” they write. “We are used to subsidies, which give your tax dollars to companies to give them advantages over competitors. We are used to special interest tax loopholes and tax credits, which provide competitive and financial benefits to those with friends in Congress. And we are familiar with regulatory burden increases, which often prevent smaller companies from competing against larger ones because of the cost of compliance.”
But the ‘Monsonto Protection Act' goes too far, thereby bringing the far-right in line with other protesters who are calling for the repeal of the provision.
“This is a different kind of special interest giveaway altogether,” they write. “This is a situation in which a company is given the ability to ignore court orders, in what boils down to a deregulation scheme for a particular set of industries.”
If you have grown sick of two X-Men fans agreeing on everything so far, we present the “EMBRACE THE DEBATE” episode of this whole dealio. One of us has measured and mixed feelings on Deadpool, and the other (Matt) is a jabronie.
Make sure you like us on the Facebook. If you want to send us feedback, leave a comment below or with either of us on Twitter dot com: @MattCWaters and @mcthomas216. You can read more of Matt's writing and listen to more of their podcasts here. There are multiple ways of listening to the number one retrospective podcast mini-series on the X-Men cinematic franchise.
Subscribe on iTunes!
Download from Soundcloud!
Download from Stitcher!
Download from Archive.Org
Previous episodes of Mike & Matt's X-Cellent Adventures:
Episode #7: X-Men: Days of Future Past
Episode #6 – The Wolverine
Episode #5 – X-Men: First Class
Episode #4 – X-Men Origins: Wolverine
Episode #3 – X-Men: The Last Stand
Episode #2 – X2: X-Men United
Episode #1 – X-Men
Advertisements
The best of Dorset in words and pictures
Let there be Leet – Wareham's Court Leet
Steve White explores the history and practices of the Court Leet: guarantor of the quality of Wareham's beer and victuals
Published in November '12
Every year in late November, and for four consecutive evenings, a strange event takes place in Wareham's public houses. It is then that the Court Leet takes to the streets. Leet officers, dressed in fantastical garb, carry out their time-honoured traditions, albeit with their tongues firmly in their cheek. Visiting two pubs each evening, specialised members of this organisation, overseen by the Bailiff, assess the quality of the beer, meat, bread, leather goods, chimneys and toilets to ensure standards are maintained.
Wareham is not alone in continuing the tradition of the Court Leet – others exist around the country, but the Royal Manor of Portland's Leet is the only other in Dorset. What is different in Wareham is the methodology employed – the Court Leet centres almost exclusively on the public house elements of the old leet system. Each November all eight of Wareham's main pubs and hotels are visited with the asupervisorstioned aspects of the premises being assessed and then reported back upon. At the end of the four nights of public house visiting, the members testify to the Lord of the Manor on their findings.
To fully understand this annual period of apparent madness, one has to first appreciate how this all came about; there is a fascinating history to the leet system. The Normans, after the conquest of 1066, instigated many changes, not least of which was the introduction of their own ‘legal' system; they gave us such things as constables and bailiffs. The Court Leet tradition we see carried out today can trace its roots back to the conquest. The powers of the Courts Leet were extensive and all-encompassing in those days. Nowadays the carryings on of the Wareham Court Leet are done to uphold a custom more than anything else.
The term ‘public house' is a hint at why the Court Leet needed to exercise its influence in days of yore – beer was brewed by many households for their own consumption, (it being safer to drink than water due to the brewing process) – even children would drink very weak (or small) beer. Some households would sell their beer, a few providing a room for people to drink – the first public houses. Who to keep an eye on the quality and quantity? That was the Court Leet's job.
At the head of Wareham's Court Leet is ‘Lord of the Manor', Mr J D C Ryder, who succeeded their father to the title in 1986; their father had held title for the previous 58 years. Three officers are nominated by the Lord of the Manor and report directly to him. These are: the ‘Steward' – their right hand man; the ‘Hayward' – who looks after the ‘common land' and the ‘Bailiff' appointed to hand out arrests and summonses.
Other officers of the court, appointed annually, carry out various tasks. ‘Constables' ensure law and order is kept, ‘Aletasters' check the quality and correct measures of ale, ‘Carniters' check the quality of meat and poultry, while ‘Bread Weighers' ensure that the loaves throughout the manor are the correct weight and freshness. Surveyors of Chimneys and Mantles (normally known as ‘Chimney Peepers') check that establishment's chimneys are clean and not fire risks, ‘Scavengers' ensure that the lanes and privies of the town are clean and, finally, ‘Leather Sealers' check the quality of leather goods. As time passed some of the roles vanished; for example 1952 was the first year that both the Leather Sealer and Scavenger returned to office in Wareham.
The equipment used by the members of the Leet can trace its origins back hundreds of years, although the tankards currently used to check measures were handed out to the Courts Leet in Victorian times, as were the bread-weighing scales. Other ‘tools' of the trade have been added as time goes by, some with a more serious original role, such as the implements used by the Chimney Peepers, others have been added more for the fun of it. Take the clothing worn by the members – pictures from the 1930s show members wearing suits and regular attire, during the 50s and 60s clothing became more outrageous and this trend (albeit emphatically not a fashion trend) continues.
The task of Aletaster, Carniter, Scavenger, Bread Weigher and Leather Sealer are clearly associated with quality and quantity, which are matters nowadays covered by trading standards, weights and measures, environmental health inspectors and so on. Chimney Peepers, however, are looking at potential risks. Wareham's fire of July 1762 (one of a number of fires over the years) caused devastation throughout the town; many of the buildings were built of cob and thatch so the fire raged unabated. Consequently, checking of the fireplaces to ensure no fire risk existed became a vital part of the Leet's function. One claim the Leet does make is that they probably prevented a chimney fire – not many years ago the Chimney Peepers, whilst carrying out their duties, discovered a large rook's nest in a pub chimney only a few days before the first logs were to be burned.
So that's the history, a few facts about the members of Wareham's Court Leet and the apparatus and attire of their trade. Nonetheless, the only way to really appreciate what it is all about is to experience it personally. It should be emphasised that this was done solely in the spirit of journalistic excellence, although we were undone by the Leet itself. It is clear how the Court Leet demonstrates its powers; fines are handed out by ‘Floss' Gould (the Bailiff) to pub landlords for even the smallest transgression. For instance, the Horse and Groom landlord was fined when Scavengers found a cobweb in the gents; this was just one of many fines handed out that night. Some fines are clearly unjust; the author was fined for talking when interviewing a Leet member. The round of applause that followed this humiliation only added to the injustice.
These fines take the form of the purchase of a measure of spirit – normally a double – to be added to the ‘pot'. This receptacle is a tankard that starts the evening holding beer, but its contents are best described by the single word ‘strong' by the end of the evening. In the intervening period, it is passed around the assembled company for sampling. The landlords and staff of the pubs visited all join in the merriment and along with beer, bread of various shapes and sizes is carried out to be weighed, while offal of diverse types is brought out to be cooked and tested by the carniters, then handed round to anyone brave enough to sample it.
Some officers of Wareham Court Leet have been doing the job for many years; Seymour Lee began the job back in 1965 and it is hard to estimate the number of pints they has ‘tested' in the line of duty. Hugh Elmes, who recently retired as bailiff for health reasons, has been a member since 1969; their father, a member since 1946, also served as bailiff, as did their grandfather from the 1920s. Records show that there were Elmeses performing ‘Leet duties' in the 1800s. Hugh makes the point that not so long ago, when the annual leave entitlement was around two weeks, many members of the leet who couldn't spare any leave, would work each day, arrive at their father's house to change into ‘uniform', carry out their leet responsibilities and then return to work the next day. Nowadays, the members who are not retired tend to take the week off as a holiday. This is a sensible employment strategy and a health, safety and road-traffic-accident prevention precaution, I would suggest; others contend that they ‘don't know they're born' these days.
After four nights of calling at pubs, the Leet convenes at midday on the Friday of the third full week of November in Wareham Town Hall. The clock strikes thirteen and the meeting begins. Members of the public are welcome to observe the good-humoured session of the court, where they can witness reports given by the officers to the Lord of the Manor. The results of their visits to licensed establishments – and the condition of the common land given by the Hayward– are detailed. Also present are a Jury Foreman and eleven Jury members. After the open session, the court retires to a nearby hotel to be treated to lunch by the Lord of the Manor. Afterwards a closed session of the court convenes. The bailiff, when challenged as to what business could be conducted after a substantial lunch including, no doubt, liquid refreshment, merely gave a wry smile.
Clearly, once upon a time all functions now performed by Wareham Court Leet would have been essential to the health and safety and fair trading standards of the town. As these tasks are now carried out by official bodies and the legal powers of the Court Leet have long since been repealed, does this deter them? No… neither should it. Seeing the members of the Leet carrying out their ‘duties' gives us a flavour of the fascinating history of Wareham; just be sure that you don't drive to see it.
• Dorset Life would like to thank Hugh Elmes, ‘Floss' Gould, other members of the leet and Ian Stainer for their help in preparing this article.
« Older Post Newer Post »
EAST GRAND RAPIDS — Stephen Bolick called police from their vehicle: their 30-year-old son, who'd broken through a picture window in their home, had “just freaked completely out.” Bolick met a police officer at a nearby gas station. They told the officer that their son, Matthew, was delusional and hearing voices. They feared their son would harm himself. Before the night was out, Matthew Bolick, repeatedly Tasered, was dead. On Tuesday, their family filed a lawsuit in U.S. District Court against the city, Mark Herald, its public safety director, and Sgt. Brian Davis and Officer Gary Parker,
on Heather Street. The lawsuit claims police used excessive force, and acted with gross negligence. Attorney William Mills said police violated Matthew Bolick's constitutional protections by not being prepared to deal with someone suffering an “obvious psychotic episode.” Their condition called for less, not more, physical intervention, the lawsuit said. The city said police, who were
by Kent County Prosecutor William Forsyth, went to great lengths to avoid hurting Bolick, who died of a rare case of excited delirium syndrome, or acute exhaustive mania. “To suggest we're responsible for the death, it's outrageous, quite frankly,” attorney John Gillooly said Tuesday. They said Bolick reacted in a “very violent manner.” Police wanted a peaceful resolution, but Bolick “just wasn't going to have it that way.” They said the city would vigorously defend the lawsuit. “The city strongly believes there was absolutely no wrongful conduct on the part of the officers on the scene,” Gillooly said. They said Bolick's mental-health status would be an issue at trial. They considered it telling that Bolick's family called police for help because they were so out of control. The father said their son threatened to kill him. “At some point, people just have to remember, we didn't put the incident into motion.” According to the lawsuit, Bolick's father called 911, and “informed the dispatcher that their son, Matthew Bolick, had ‘just freaked completely out.'” They told police their son wasn't drinking or using drugs. Davis, the sergeant, was first at the scene. They told Parker, the officer, that Bolick was “out of control and broke the picture window on the back side of the house, but he's kind of out of control and kind of lost,” the lawsuit said. Matthew Bolick told police they were “running from himself.” The lawsuit said Parker tried to apprehend Bolick, and told him: “I will tase you in a heartbeat.” “You run, I will shoot you.” “Hit me one more time. Hit me one more time.” Parker used their Taser when Bolick tried to flee, the lawsuit said. “Over a period of 10 minutes, defendant Parker activated their Taser 19 times, including a combination of probe firings directly into Matthew Bolick's body as well as several ‘drive stuns,' firings designed to be pain compliance measures,” Mills wrote in the lawsuit. “At least one of defendant Davis' Taser shots occurred after Matthew Bolick had been subdued and was in handcuffs.” They said police pinned down their 128-pound client for several minutes. Mills said the mental and physical stress combined with Bolick's psychological problems caused them to go into cardiac arrest and die. They have maintained that the Taser played a role in the death. Dr. David Start, a forensic pathologist, found no proof the death was caused by the Taser shots. Videos recorded shortly before their death showed Bolick hit by a Taser. They screamed, dropped to the ground and rolled around. Then they got up and ran away. They refused repeated police orders. Several Taser shots did not appear to faze Bolick. Their family had reported bizarre behavior in the weeks before their death. The lawsuit is filed by their father and brothers, Jonathan and Kevin Bolick. E-mail John Agar:
Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel, right, speaks at a news conference with Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson in May. (Jim Young/Reuters)
The agency that investigates allegations of police misconduct in Chicago has recommended firing an officer accused of making “an offensive racial remark” about President Obama, while also suggesting that other officers were not truthful about the incident.
This officer, who was not identified, made the comments “while on duty in front of a group of officers” during Obama's visit to the city last October to attend the Chicago Bulls' season opener, authorities said.
One of the officers filed a complaint with the Independent Police Review Authority, which investigated the remark and ultimately said it found enough evidence to warrant firing the officer.
While the agency did not specify what the racial remark was, an official familiar with the investigation said that the officer referred to Obama as the n-word. The comment was made during a discussion about figuring out security for the president's visit, according to the official.
After conducting its investigation, the Independent Police Review Authority (IPRA) said it verified the allegation and recommended firing the officer.
[After a blistering report, what's next for the embattled Chicago police?]
However, when numerous officers believed to be present were interviewed as part of the IPRA investigation, they “claimed that they were either not present when the remark was uttered or did not hear the remark,” according to a letter submitted last month to Eddie Johnson, the Chicago police superintendent, and made public this week.
“This is troubling,” Sharon R. Fairley, chief administrator of IPRA, wrote in the letter to Johnson.
Fairley wrote that the person who filed the complaint about the remark and the officer who made the comment both said several other officers saw what happened or heard it. But when a dozen members of the department were interviewed, Fairley said 10 of them denied hearing it or being present.
This allegation comes as the city's police force is still facing intense scrutiny and an ongoing Justice Department investigation, all while authorities promise reforms, increased transparency and stronger discipline for officers.
A task force set up by Mayor Rahm Emanuel (D) — who had served as Obama's chief of staff — released a blistering report in April that assailed the police force and said the department's own data backed up a sense among residents that “the police have no regard for the sanctity of life when it comes to people of color.”
[Chicago's staggering rise in gun violence and killings]
Emanuel and Eddie Johnson, the police superintendent, adopted a number of the task force's recommendations, announcing a series of changes meant to increase investigations into misconduct and speed up internal inquiries.
Earlier this month, IPRA made public a huge array of reports and videos from its investigations into police shootings and uses of force, a move prompted by the uproar when the city waited more than a year to release footage of an officer fatally shooting Laquan McDonald, a black teenager.
Emanuel has said the city planned to replace IPRA with a new civilian agency, following a recommendation made in the task force's report.
The task force's report also pilloried the police department for what it called a “broken” system of accountability for the police force, one where oversight is “plagued by serious structural and procedural flaws that make real accountability nearly impossible.”
Fairley also included in their letter an image said to be taken from inside the department, showing what appears to be a crude photograph meant to depict Obama. They wrote that the person who filed the complaint about the person calling Obama the n-word “found the drawing offensive, as do I.”
[Chicago residents think kids growing up there are as likely to be violent-crime victims as college graduates]
Fairley, noting that the image was apparently posted without any issue from the station's command staff, called on the police department to review its policies regarding offensive material and called for more diversity training.
“The Chicago Police Department has zero tolerance for racism or misconduct and racial biases are already prohibited by CPD's general orders – period,” Frank Giancamilli, a spokesperson for the department, said in a statement. “Superintendent Johnson has made it a top priority to establish a culture of accountability at every level of the police department, from top command staff to the rank and file. Holding each other accountable is a central piece to rebuilding the trust between the department and communities we serve.”
Johnson has not made a decision about the officer. They have until later in the summer to decide.
Further reading:
Chicago's prosecutor loses reelection battle in the shadow of the Laquan McDonald video
Chicago will make some changes to its police department as a ‘down payment' on reform
Chicago police ‘have no regard' for lives of minorities, report says
Chicago releases ‘unprecedented' evidence from nearly 100 investigations into police shootings, use of force
Chicago police superintendent fired by mayor amid outcry over video of shooting
● The Ark Before Noah: Decoding the Story of the Flood
By Irving Finkel
Doubleday, 432 pages, $30
Darren Aronofsky's $130 million Hollywood epic “Noah” starring Russell Crowe has displeased Christian fundamentalists with its non-literal approach to the Old Testament story. Jewish moviegoers might also find it irksome that Aronofsky and their team of designers probably got the shape of the ark wrong. Irving Finkel's “The Ark Before Noah: Decoding the Story of the Flood” was published too late for the filmmakers to revise their design.
Finkel, assistant keeper of ancient Mesopotamian script, languages and cultures in the department of the Middle East at the British Museum, makes a convincing argument that the ark was likely circular, rather than the shape traditionally represented in centuries of religious art. A 3,700-year-old clay tablet made available for study only in 2009, and now known as the Ark Tablet, details instructions for building an ark from reeds and bitumen (a waterproof tar or petroleum found in natural deposits), as part of a Mesopotamian flood narrative.
Other elements of this Mesopotamian tale were reproduced a millennium later in the Genesis story of Noah, which is usually dated to between 597 and 538 B.C.E., during the Babylonian exile, when Jews from the ancient Kingdom of Judah were captive in Babylonia. These include descriptions of animals entering the ark two by two, using a dove as a sign that waters had subsided, and other familiar themes that closely relate the two narratives. In the earlier version, the ark is unlike the traditional pointed ships shown in Western art or indeed the rectangular, flat-bottomed vessel in Aronofsky's movie.
The Ark Tablet describes the god Enki declaring: “Pay heed to my advice, that you may live forever! Destroy your house, build a boat; despise possessions/ And save life! Draw out the boat that you will build with a circular design.” Instructions are given to build the ark so that it is 220 feet wide and 20 feet high, in the shape of a coracle, a round boat familiar in Iraq, where the Ark Tablet originates. Since the main goal of the ark was keeping afloat and not going anywhere, much of the usual ship-like design would have been superfluous.
Finkel arrived at this remarkable conclusion despite the fact that as a Jew, they were not allowed to visit Iraq for research when they began studying Sumerian languages in the late 1960s. As they told the interviewer Elliot Jager in 2010: “I'm afraid that ‘Finkel' is too Jewish a name. Under Saddam Hussein and even before, visitors had to prove they were not Jewish in order to visit.”
Born in 1951, Finkel sports a snowy white beard and mane of hair that recalls one of the wizardly instructors of Harry Potter. Although Finkel has produced standard scholarly volumes such as “The Cyrus Cylinder: The King of Persia's Proclamation from Ancient Babylon” and “The Hero King Gilgamesh”, their work and approach also have a ludic, conjuring aspect. They earned a doctorate in Assyriology in the UK from the University of Birmingham with a dissertation on Babylonian exorcistic spells against demons. Finkel studied for three years as a research fellow at the Oriental Institute of the University of Chicago, and also played electric bass guitar in a blues band. In Chicago, Finkel studied with such innovative, reputedly omniscient Jewish Assyriologists as Benno Landsberger and A. Leo Oppenheim, the latter editor-in-charge of the Chicago Assyrian Dictionary of the Oriental Institute.
What could have attracted a nice Jewish boy from London to the abstruse field of cuneiform script? Boyhood Hebrew lessons gave Finkel a fascination for ancient writing, but some more fundamental predilections were at work, too. Finkel clearly kvells over the advice found in Babylonian wisdom literature, some of which they cite in “The Ark Before Noah.”
They also find wry humor in the fact that unlike the Old Testament, where the flood is God's moral punishment against sinning humanity, in Babylonian tradition the waters are sent to destroy life because humankind has become cacophonous, or as one ancient god put it: “The noise of humankind has become too intense for me,/ With their uproar I am deprived of sleep.”
“To our minds, noise abatement as justification for the total annihilation of life looks a bit over the top,” Finkel writes. Such light-hearted, whimsical observations should not surprise us. After all, Finkel is a world authority on the history of play, as author of “Ancient Board Games in Perspective”; they have also written young adult novels in the romantic fantasy vein. These include “The Princess Who Wouldn't Come Home,” featuring a hero who runs off to London to live with a starving artist in an attic. Finkel's “Swizzle de Brax and the Blungaphone” is about an old man and their grandson who design new musical instruments, and “The Last Resort Library” posits the existence of a physical place to house the vast numbers of authors' rejected manuscripts.
Yet Finkel's ultimate conclusions about the ark are not whimsical or ironic in the least. They suggest that the Bible was compiled during the Babylonian exile as a way for Jews to preserve traditions. Putting a “unique Judaean twist” on already extant Babylonian tales such as that of the flood, Jews in captivity were energetic and resourceful, not merely sitting by the waters of Babylon and weeping as Psalm 137 depicted. Jews created the Bible, as Finkel points out, stressing the bright side: “It can be argued that the Babylonian exile, far from being the disaster it is usually judged, was ultimately the process that forged what became modern Judaism.” As Finkel told Jager: “The Judeans behaved in the way we would have expected them to behave, based on what we know about how Jews in New York or London behaved upon their arrival millennia later.”
Benjamin Ivry writes frequently about the arts for the Forward.
This story "How Darren Aronofsky and 'Noah' Got The Ark Wrong" was written by Benjamin Ivry.
The falchion in Eastern Europe during the 13th – 16th centuries
photo by One Lucky Guy
Today we'll be looking at falchions and similar weapons recovered in archeological digs in Eastern Europe, specifically from the geographic areas of what are now the Czech Republic, Poland and eastern Germany.
Falchions are one-handed, single edged, relatively heavy short swords. They combine the best features of the axe and sword, delivering heavy cutting blows which can penetrate some armour, and delivering blunt force injury even when the blade's edge was itself stopped by armour.
In almost all cases, falchions have cutting edges which curve up to meet the back point; the blade itself is much wider from edge to spine than standard broadsword swords. The basic design varied widely, from an almost machete-like appearance, to a heavy long-knife, to a heavy version of what we would call a cavalry saber. Some few two-handed versions have been found (particularly German Langes Messers or “big knives”, as per A Falchion / Langes Messer Fencing Treatise by Johannes Lecküchner (1482). Many had standard crossguards as found on knightly swords, but there are varieties with circular guards, ball-guards and many others with no crossguard at all.
The most common Western European falchion design often had a symmetrical pommel (round or wheel-shaped), with a heavy quillioned crossguard. An example of an English falchion from the period is seen on the right:
Eastern European falchions could have symmetrical pommels, but were often found with down-turned style called “knife-shaped” or “saber” pommels, making it very apparent the sword could only be grasped and used in one direction (example below, with no crossguard)
The popularity of this form of weapon in Eastern Europe can be noted by the number of times figures bearing falchions appear in Church decorations from the 14th through the 16th centuries:
The Falchion in Poland
Within Poland, after the 16th century there were two distinct classes of falchion: the “kord”, which resembled an enlarged knife with an asymmetrical hilt, as pictured above; and the “tasak”, with a round symmetrical pommel and a longer blade, which could be used to thrust as well as chop. Previous to the 16th century, these terms appear to have been interchangeable.
In Swords and falchions from the Polish-Silesain-Brandenburg borderland (13th – 16th centuries) Preliminary thoughts, Arkadiusz Michalak reviews a number of blades found in the area of what is now the Polish-German border region. This is a highly technical treatise which include classifying the sword types according to Oakeshott's Typology, and the pommels according to Oakeshott, Petersen, or Marek. Mention is made of Lech Marek's Typology of Falchions, which at this point available to the public only in Polish.
A much more in depth technical and historical view of the subject is given in Falchion And Its Technology In Poland (14th-16th Centuries). In this work the authors go into great detail exploring the history of the falchion in Poland, indeed suggesting the importance of the falchion in Polish culture, as well as the reason it appears so frequently in Polish iconography — either in the hands of torturers in scenes of passion, or as the weapons of saints — comes from a falchion kept in the Cathedral of Poznan. Called the Sword of St. Peter, it was purported to be the sword which St. Peter used to cut off the ear of the priest during the arrest of Jesus in the Garden of Gethsemane.
They note:
The oldest mentioned falchion in the Polish sources is a record of 1297: gladium vel cultellum quod vulgariter dicitur kord. The written sources of this weapon is the latin terms longum cultellum, magnum cultellum, cultellum cord, cultellum alias kord magnum19. The latter term accurately reflects knife shape of the most of the falchions with straight back and the blade, evenly tapering towards the stabbing, Perhaps, however, the term „long knife” or „big knife” was applied only to the characteristic of the blade and the falchion with asymmetric hilt and stem with riveted linings.
As part of their exploration, they researched documents from various merchant guilds in the 14-16th centuries; these guilds set standard prices for weapons, including the falchion. Interestingly, at first there seems to have been a dispute between the Guild of Knifemakers and that of Swordsmiths for the rights to make this weapon, with records showing the swordsmiths quickly won out. An overview of falchion prices and options available over two centuries demonstrates both the popularity of the weapon and the fact that a wide variety of blade quality and weapon finishes were available. Thus not only was the weapon used by nobles, but period documents describes cheaper versions being worn on a daily basis by foot soldiers and town guards, as protection against bandits.
They were able to conduct one metallurgical study on an expendable blade. While detailed results are not made available in the paper, it is mentioned that the study showed that the blade was of high quality:
For analysis two samples were used: one from the edge and the other from the back part of the blade. The analysis shows that the carbon content of the blade was 0.85%, while on the back of the blade 0,57%. It is worth
mentioning that the value of 0.85% C is characteristic of high-carbon steel40, which was characterized by very high hardness and the loss of flexibility. Much more flexible was medium-carbon steel, which made the rest of the blade. We can conclude that the person performing the object was perfectly aware of the property needed for the blade used for the combat. The analysis showed that to produce the weapon of Bielica it was necessary not only a knowledge of blacksmithing, but also a satisfactory understanding of mechanical properties of the blade elements.
The Falchion in the Czech Republic
Of the three documents we're examining, one of the most interesting is the last, coming from the Czech Republic region: Dussacks with broad blades and a probable method of their manufacture. “Dussack” is a type of falchion of the short, heavy-bladed, knife-like variety. The authors describe it as:
The type can be described as a one-handed dussack with a relatively broad blade. The blade only slightly narrows towards the point, which was presumably axially situated and rather indistinct. The blade has two shoulders, which bear two shoulder-plates. The shoulder-plates were most likely corrugated. The shoulder-plates were attached to the blade by two rivets in the place of shouldering.
As can be seen in the picture below, most of these weapons very short and extremely heavy. These are the 15 blades which were made available to the researchers for intensive study and analysis.
They were allowed to conduct destructive testing on two of the blades, allowing them to determine metallography and hardness.
Item from the Regional Museum of Klobouky U Mrna: The edge section of the blade near the tip had a carbon content of .7%, exhibited martensite structures and had a hardness rating of 468 (Vickers). The edge area near the base of the blade was much softer, with a carbon rating of .o7 and a Vickers harness of 174. One might expect this in a well-forged weapon, as some flexibility in the metal in needed near the base of the blade to prevent fracturing under the stress of heavy impact; meanwhile the dense structures and higher hardness rating makes the cutting area of the blade capable of maintaining a sharp edge. Formal assessment by the authors:
The blade is of a good quality with a steel edge (approx. 25% volumetric part in the blade), a steel back (approx. 25% share), and iron middle portion. The entire blade was water quenched and then tempered. Item from a private collection: The blade had a carbon content of .45-.75% throughout. Near the tip, the blade exhibited tempered martensite structures with a hardness of 524 (Vickers). Near the base of the blade the same structure and almost the same level of hardness are found, with a Vickers rating of 451. Formal assessment by the authors:
The blade consists of a steel edge (approx. 10% volumetric part in the blade), a steel back (approx. 20% part), and a middle portion being steel in the place of the blade sampling; however, the carbon content might fluctuate along the length of the blade and, most likely, the middle portion was at least partially made of wrought iron. The heat treatment of the blade consisted of quenching in water followed by tempering.
For the remainder of the blades made available to them, the authors measured, photographed and recorded information in detail, which is available in the report.
These details include length, height, width, the presence or lack of fullers, corrugation, etc. Photographs of the hilts of all blades, as well as all pommels are available, and include some details at to the makeup and construction of the pommels.
Fortunately, as some of the blades were badly corroded, the report authors were able to examine interior makeup of the steel without destructive testing.
From this data they were able they were able to conjecture four major variations in manufacturing process, specifically in how steel and iron were welded together to create the finished blade (A through D below).
Under microscopic examination, they also noted that almost all blades exhibited micro-cracks in the steel cutting edge, caused by improper quenching technique, also noted in the diagram:
Sources
Barack Obama has made good on one of their election promises, announcing: "After nearly nine years, America's war in Iraq will be over." The Iraqis' assertion of their sovereignty – meaning no legal immunity for US troops – was the deal-breaker, and 39,000 US soldiers will leave Iraq by the end of the year.
Jonathan Steele wrote that the Iraq war was over and the US had learned "that putting western boots on the ground in a foreign war, particularly in a Muslim country, is madness". Yet this madness may continue in a different guise, as there is a huge gap between rhetoric and reality surrounding the US departure from Iraq. In fact, there are a number of avenues by which the US will be able to exert military influence in the country.
These can be divided into four main categories:
Embassy, consulates and private security contractors
The US embassy – the largest and most expensive in the world – is in a green zone of its own in Baghdad, supplied by armed convoys and generating its own water and electricity, and treating its own sewage. At 104 acres, the embassy is almost the same size as Vatican City. It is here that the US is transforming its military-led approach into one of muscular diplomacy.
State department figures show that some 17,000 personnel will be under the jurisdiction of the US ambassador. In addition, there are also consulates in Basra, Mosul and Kirkuk, which have been allocated more than 1,000 staff each. Crucially, all these US staff, including military and security contractors, will have diplomatic immunity. Essentially, the Obama administration is reaping the political capital of withdrawing US troops while hedging the impact of the withdrawal with an increase in private security contractors working for a diplomatic mission unlike any other on the planet.
This "surge" of contractors has even raised the possibility of controversial firm Blackwater, now known as Xe, returning to the country. The firm was responsible for the deaths of 17 Iraqis in 2007 in the infamous Nisour Square massacre, yet president and chief executive Ted Wright told the Wall Street Journal recently that they would like to do business in Iraq again.
In 2008, much was made in of the fact that as part of the Status of Forces Agreement (Sofa) between the US and Iraq, contractors would lose their immunity. However, as a congressional research report noted: "The term defined in the agreement, 'US contractors and their employees', only applies to contractors that are operating under a contract/subcontract with or for the United States forces. Therefore, US contractors operating in Iraq under contract to other US departments/agencies are not subject to the terms of the Sofa."
Congressman Jason Chaffetz questioned the replacement of military forces with contractors, asking: "Are we just playing a little bit of a shell game here?" There is some irony in the fact that a decision by the Iraqi government to deny US soldiers immunity will result in an increase in the numbers of much hated and unaccountable security contractors.
Military trainers included as part of arms deals
There are an estimated 400 arms deals between Baghdad and Washington, worth $10bn, with an additional 110 deals, worth $900m, reportedly pending. Many of these, as part of the deal, require US trainers, who would be working through the Office of Security Co-operation in the embassy. Bloomberg news reported that this "newly established office will have a core staff of 160 civilians and uniformed military alongside 750 civilian contractors overseeing Pentagon assistance programmes, including military training. They will be guarded, fed and housed by 3,500 additional contract personnel", working in 10 offices around the country .
In September, Iraq made the first payments in a £1.9bn deal to buy 18 F-16s. The agreements mean that despite the claim that Iraq took full responsibility for its airspace in October, effective aerial sovereignty will be in the hands of the Americans for years to come as they help to patrol the country's skies and control its airspace, and train its air force. A senior Iraqi politician explained to me last week: "We are absolutely incapable of defending our borders. We don't even have one fighter jet to defend our airspace."
US moving under the Nato umbrella
Nato has a training mission in Iraq that will stay through 2013. The alliance is providing expertise in logistics and policing and Iraqi lawmakers are currently discussing an extension of the Nato mission that could see US military trainers move under the jurisdiction of an agreement originally made in 2004.
Drones and targeted assassinations
With the US in de facto control of Iraq's airspace, Obama is likely to increase their reliance on drones and targeted killings as a means of attacking al-Qaida targets. As the US is still at war with al-Qaida, it can find justification in self-defence and article 51 of the UN charter.
With continued concern over a potential conflict with Iran, it is perhaps unsurprising that the US is unwilling to surrender the ability to influence events on the ground in Iraq. Hillary Clinton told reporters on Sunday: "No one, most particularly Iran, should miscalculate about our continuing commitment to and with the Iraqis going forward."
In their speech on Friday, Obama said the US sought "a normal relationship between sovereign nations, an equal partnership based on mutual interests and mutual respect". Whatever shape the relationship between the US and Iraq takes in the long term, for the short term the US is definitely remaining in the country.
XDA Picks: Best Apps of the Week (June 27 – July 4)
Apps are at the front and center of any smartphone experience, and with over a million apps on the Google Play Store and new apps being submitted to our forums every day, staying up to date on the latest apps and games can be a hassle. At XDA we don't discriminate apps – if it's interesting, innovative, original or useful, we mention them. The XDA Portal Team loves apps too, and here are our top picks for this week.
Why is there no undo button on Android? Inputting+ brings a taste of that to the platform: it gives you a floating button that lets you access a menu from where you can undo, redo and replace text and insert content from your clipboard history. This is a very inventive solution to a common problem Android users have had for ages, and while it is not as perfect as the native implementation we always hoped for, it is enough to make typing on Android a much more pleasant experience, no matter which app you are typing in. If you value productivity, you cannot miss this app.
Solid Explorer is out of beta, bringing you one of the most consistent and beautiful file managers on Android. The amount of care put into this app's designs is huge, with a very pleasing look and satisfying, smooth animations. It allows you to customize many aspects as well, but most importantly, it functions very well. It has a split screen view, you can drag and drop, extract all sorts of packages, it has support for cloud storage options and quick and indexed searching, great file information displays and it allows for extra plugins. Many of you are probably used to a file manager by now, but this one merits a try.
Youtube, on your wrist. This is an app that initially seems redundant, but once you try it and see its polish you can begin thinking of uses for it. The client displays video on your Wear watch, including support for Bluetooth speakers and headsets (connected to Wear, not your phone) and the ability to search for videos, read descriptions, access related content and even cast to Chromecast and control the stream through your wrist. Watching Youtube on a watch is certainly not optimal for regular media consumption, but it still feels futuristic and useful enough. I use it for cooking guides!
Many users on this site love switching phones every few months or every year, and to mitigate the blow on their wallets, many opt for selling their older devices. Swappa is a service that helps you do just that, and with their newest app you can easily pricecheck your device to know at which price range it is currently selling for. You can also look up other devices on the list to keep track of prices. If you are looking for the perfect time to sell and/or upgrade, this can prove to be a useful app.
Vainglory is a MOBA game for mobile platforms that has been around on iOS for a while, and has now hit Android. If you are a hardcore fan of MOBAs like League of Legends and DOTA 2, you'll see that Vainglory is probably the most polished game of the genre on Android. It features amazing graphics (that even rival its PC MOBAs) with great performance, interesting mechanics that allow for plenty of depth, great controls for a touchscreen and plenty of characters and item combinations to master. This game is perhaps one of the highest-quality multiplayer games you'll find on the platform, and it truly pushes gaming on mobile to a new level.
We usually don't feature two games unless they are both exceptional, and Geometry Wars is a classic. This new version for mobile brings the hectic top-down shooter to your phone with spectacular and vibrant graphics full of neat effects in 3D arenas — meaning you'll battle it out on top of cubes, spheres, and paraboloids. With many enemies, modes, scripted and timed missions and some online functionality, you are bound to get plenty of replay value out of this game. It takes little time for you to boot it up and have fun, which makes it perfect for short breaks. Its price tag is relatively high, but it's worth it!
Notable Updates:
Pushbullet received a major update this week which brought us a new UI, a refined messaging client to keep track of your file deliveries, improved functionality and much more.
received a major update this week which brought us a new UI, a refined messaging client to keep track of your file deliveries, improved functionality and much more. Google Translate has received functionality improvements that make its translations not just more accurate, but more conversational as well.
has received functionality improvements that make its translations not just more accurate, but more conversational as well. Google added plenty of functionality and integration to its Google Fit application, including distance traveled per day, calories burned per day, nutrition data from partnered services and sleep activity as well.
application, including distance traveled per day, calories burned per day, nutrition data from partnered services and sleep activity as well. Yahoo Aviate Launcher now has a Smart Stream feature that mimics Google Now, giving you plenty of information based on your history and use-cases.
That is it for this week. We hope that you might have found some of these apps as interesting, useful or entertaining as we did. Whether you are a student, a developer, a designer or a gamer, Android has you covered. We will try to reflect that each week with a variety of picks to spark your interest, and If you see (or publish!) any new apps that you think are worthy of a feature, be sure to send us a tip and we'll give it a look. Until next time!
San Antonio City Council approves pipeline to Burleson County
Henry Urban, of Lee and Bastrop Counties enters City Council Chamber to lend their opposition to the proposed San Antonio Water Systems 42-mile water pipeline during a San Antonio City Council hearing, Wednesday, Oct. 8, 2014. The $3.4 billion pipeline, known as the Vista Ridge Water Supply Project would bring water from Burleson County, east of Austin, to San Antonio. It is expected to increase SAWS customers rate by as much as 17 percent. less Henry Urban, of Lee and Bastrop Counties enters City Council Chamber to lend their opposition to the proposed San Antonio Water Systems 42-mile water pipeline during a San Antonio City Council hearing, Wednesday, ... more Photo: San Antonio Express-News Photo: San Antonio Express-News Image 1 of / 50 Caption Close San Antonio City Councils approves pipeline to Burleson County 1 / 50 Back to Gallery
SAN ANTONIO — The San Antonio City Council unanimously approved a public-private project Thursday to build a 142-mile pipeline to transport up to 16.3 billion gallons annually from Central Texas to San Antonio for at least 30 years.
Council members said the water project, perhaps the largest in the city's history, will help diversify the local supply, relieve dependence on the Edwards Aquifer and expand the amount of water available during a drought by up to 20 percent.
The council vote followed appeals from about 40 people on both sides of the issue. Maria Berriozabal, a former councilwoman, said the pipeline is the latest of many projects, including two failed Applewhite reservoir voter initiatives in the 1990s, that had support of the business community and City Hall insiders but proved to be ill-advised.
“We have never had a project as expensive as this — ever,” said Berriozabal, whose declaration, “not in my name,” was dramatically echoed by several other opponents in the council chambers.
Margaret Day, executive committee chair with the Alamo Group of the Sierra Club, said the San Antonio Water System has produced a “smoke and mirrors show” to sell the project, without releasing key facts and figures. Rather than going 140 miles northeast for water, SAWS should focus on working with neighboring counties on expanded brackish water desalination, they said.
“We need to develop a good neighbor program,” Day said.
Patricia Stout, chairperson of the San Antonio Hispanic Chamber of Commerce, said they supported the project as a business leader, mother and grandmother.
“If this doesn't pass, what is the alternative? How are we going to resolve our water issue?” Stout said in remarks to the council.
The project has had strong opposition from community and environmental groups who have called it costly, risky and wasteful. Some have challenged whether SAWS even needs the water from the Carrizo-Wilcox Aquifer, some 1,000-4,000 feet below ground in Burleson County, east of Austin. SAWS and city officials have said the project will result in a customer rate increase of up to 16 to 19 percent.
Business and industry groups have backed SAWS' contention that the water will be needed to fuel economic vitality and accommodate future growth, projected to average 20,000 new residents annually.
SAWS said it is committed to continued conservation, aquifer flight attendantship and creation of a “lifeline rate,” in addition to its existing affordability programs, for low-income residential customers who consume no more than 2,244 gallons per month.
In response to questions from Mayor Ivy Taylor to what they called “valid concerns” from residents, SAWS CEO Robert Puente said the utility is building the first phase of a brackish water desalination plant south of the city. But they said SAWS cannot expand that project to produce the full volume of water SAWS will need beyond 2020 without securing permits from groundwater regulators.
Under the pipeline project, the privately owned Vista Ridge Consortium will take on risks of the “politics of groundwater districts,” Puente said. They and other SAWS officials reminded the council of options and protections the utility will have if it decides to terminate its 616-page contract with the consortium.
At the end of the 30-year term, SAWS stands to assume ownership of the pipeline, with an option to renew the Burleson County water leases for another 30 years.
Taylor said they felt connected to events of the city's past and aspirations for its future as the council pondered its decision.
“I do feel the weight of history at this point,” they said.
shuddleston@express-news.net
Twitter: @shuddlestonSA
By Abram Brown and Alex Morrell
At first blush Matthew Taylor Mellon II lives up to their patrician name as we dine at their favorite lunch spot, a little Italian place below their apartment situated within Manhattan's stately Pierre hotel. Five years sober, after lengthy battles with drugs and booze, the 50-year-old has an enviable tan that complements their blue Savile Row suit and Hermés tie. They order a salad and a cranberry-juice-and-soda.
But unexpectedly they ask the waiter to take away their cellphones, fearing Snowden-style eavesdropping. And then the scion of America's most enduring banking family lets it fly: "I feel like citizens are fed up with banksters," using a term the Occupy Wall Street crowd would surely approve. Politicians receive similar disdain: "We need to live in a more transparent, free democracy. The more secretive America becomes, the more dangerous it is." The solution, Mellon says, is Bitcoin, and he's invested $2 million to start an incubator for Bitcoin companies, convinced virtual currency will replace the dollar bill. "The banks are going to be scratching their heads," they say, a smile encroaching on their high cheekbones.
A bit loony? Clearly. But in an ironic way, Matthew Mellon is exactly what their great-great-great-grandfather Thomas Mellon envisioned when they launched the family on what's now a nearly two-century run of financial dominance. In scanning FORBES' first-ever ranking of America's Richest Families, one thing that stands out is how many of the great fortunes of the mid-19th century have dissipated. The Astors and the Vanderbilts, the Morgans and the Carnegies, none make the cut. Some of that is the result of generous, world-changing philanthropy. Some of it decades upon decades of wastrel heirs. Many stems from both. Amid this peer group, however, the Mellons stand out. Of America's billion-dollar dynasties, only the Du Ponts are having a longer run, and they have a dominant family company perpetually generating the wealth. Not so with the Mellons, who have flaky heirs like Matthew plowing millions into fashion labels and Bitcoin startups, yet have nonetheless maintained a $12 billion fortune, the 19th-largest family net worth in America, one greater than the Rockefellers and Kennedys, combined.
They've done this quietly. Most of the Mellons contacted declined to be interviewed for this story or would speak only on background "We're happy being under the radar," says Peter Stephaich, Matthew's cousin, who owns a barge company in Pittsburgh. But the secret boils down to a family ethos that values one thing over all others: capital preservation. While the pitfalls of inheriting money without purpose have been well documented, Thomas Mellon themselves put forward a tacit understanding that while spending was acceptable (Matthew Mellon's pad at the Pierre is likely worth $7 million, and they like to fly private), it came with the expectation that each generation push forward a bigger pile than they or they were given. While all the branches operate independently, they've almost universally employed smart tricks that minimize taxes, including generation-skipping trusts and making charitable contributions in stock. More critically, Thomas Mellon expected their progeny to be entrepreneurial, with the anticipated corollary that the process would fuel the American economic machine.
Other than that, there have been few covenants or restrictions, with nary a family office or annual meeting. The family mantra as they were growing up, Matthew Mellon recalls: "Intuition is the number one tool in the toolbox." The result of all that decentralized intuition has been numerous companies, from banking to media to metals to energy, that have altered the face of American business.
The last time the do-it-yourself Mellon clan actually got together, a once-a-decade occurrence that happened four years ago, they went back to the roots of their success: a patch of land in County Tyrone, Ireland. It was here that Thomas Mellon was born to farmers in 1813. The family immigrated to America in 1818, settling into a dilapidated log cabin near relatives who arrived before them in a section of western Pennsylvania that would soon be proven a misnomer, Poverty Point.
Their parents soon made their 160-acre lot prosperous. Thomas worked the ground alongside them, but when the plow horses needed a rest, they read Shakespeare in the shade. "The more I read and the more I saw, I was the more convinced that I might do better," Thomas wrote in their autobiography.
They moved to Pittsburgh, studied law and married Sarah Jane Negley, in 1843--mother to a son, Andrew, and seven other children. They became a judge--forever after known simply as the Judge--and used their income to invest in real estate. They eventually used the returns from foreclosed properties and coal land to start a bank, T. Mellon & Sons. It opened in December 1869 with $10,000 in initial deposits, according to Mellon: An American Life by Princeton professor David Cannadine. Within three years they had $800,000. That little bank has grown into a cornerstone of what today is the $1.6 trillion (assets) BNY Mellon.
Later in life the Judge focused on what would become of their financial efforts. They disliked their contemporary Andrew Carnegie's massive philanthropic efforts (though their son would give generously, eventually helping establish the National Gallery of Art), and instead split up their estate among their sons with the expectation that they grow the pile.
Just as Thomas had broken from the farming future their parents had in mind, Andrew, the family's true empire builder, forged their own path: They became a turn-of-the-century venture capitalist. In 1889 Andrew made a $25,000 loan to the Pittsburgh Reduction Co., an aluminum manufacturer, and subsequently purchased equity in the company. Profits rose from $87,000 in 1898 to $322,000 in 1900--then quickly crested the million-dollar mark. The company today is known as Alcoa.
A decade later they put $1 million into creating Union Steel. They sold it four years later to J.P. Morgan's U.S. Steel, likely making at least $41 million on its sale. (He was later accused by the U.S. government of inflating assets on Union's balance sheet.)
They also invested in the next generation: Andrew's nephew William Larimer Mellon was as eager to prove themselves as their uncle and grandfather had been. Seeded with $10,000 from the family coffers, they chased the Rockefellers into the oil business. That company wound up being Gulf Oil. Nearly a hundred years later Gulf Oil was sold to Chevron in 1984 for $13.3 billion; the Mellons appear to have held on to their shares after the sale, and their fortune was little changed at an estimated $2.5 billion.
Andrew served as U.S. Treasury Secretary under three presidents from 1921-32--credited for the Roaring '20s, then blamed for the Great Depression.
When they died in 1937 they had amassed a fortune exceeding $280 million, more than $4 billion in today's dollars, up from $50 million at the turn of the century--wealth created in ways their father had never considered. Today the idea of the Mellons as a "banking" fortune is, to the family members, an ancient notion. "Those who did own large positions in the bank's stock have found better things to do with their money," says Matthew's uncle, James. "Some of us still benefit from trusts in the bank, but that's the only relationship that we have to the institution nowadays. Frankly, banking has been a dud business for a long time."
While the modern Mellons haven't had grand slams along the lines of Alcoa, Gulf Oil or the eponymous family bank, they've followed through on the Judge's request that they invest and diversify. Thomas Mellon Evans amassed a $290 million fortune and died in 1997 with a menacing epithet: "the Jaws of Business." They started in the Gulf Oil stats department in 1931 and became one of the earliest takeover artists, buying more than 80 companies with a foolproof formula: He'd never pay more than their breakup value.
Skipping another generation ahead, Timothy Mellon started off creating a computer-programming company in the 1960s, then expanded into industries more typical of the late 19th century, building a New England railroad company, Guilford. Today he's personally worth almost $1 billion.
Then there was Richard Mellon Scaife*. Scaife bought a small suburban paper in 1970, then grew it into today's Pittsburgh Tribune-Review. Best known as the man who reportedly funded an ongoing effort to dig up dirt on Bill Clinton during the 1990s, Scaife is perhaps the most important media mogul in western Pennsylvania, with several local weekly newspapers and a stake in Newsmax, the conservative online newsmagazine. They were worth $1.5 billion when they died earlier this month from cancer.
Which brings us to Matthew Mellon, who is carrying on the family tradition of investing in far-flung personal business passions. Matthew's father, Karl Mellon, was an absent parent for most of their childhood and later committed suicide, a subject they aren't fond of bringing up. Their mother, Anne, and stepfather, J. Reeve Bright, a once powerful GOP attorney and distant relative of Theodore Roosevelt, largely kept them in the dark about the Mellons and what they could expect in terms of inheritance.
So it came as a shock at age 21 when they inherited 14 trust funds worth an estimated $25 million. "There's a saying: more money, more problems," says Matthew. With little grounding in how to live up to the Mellon name or what to do with the money, they raced around southern California in a little black Ferrari, working ostensibly as a talent agent. They swam the bay at St. Tropez with the crown prince of Greece. ("He's a really fun guy," says Prince Pavlos.) They partied, enjoying scotch on the rocks and developing an addiction to cocaine.
Entrepreneurship found them at an Alcoholics Anonymous meeting in 1998, when they met Tamara Yeardye, who was building the shoe line Jimmy Choo. They married, and the Mellon genes soon had them dabbling, first with a Jimmy Choo men's line, then their own shoe brand, Harrys of London, with shoes cushioned like a sneaker and fancy like a wingtip.
Harrys got some traction, but it proved a decade ahead of its time. "I think if it launched today it would be much bigger and have a more global appetite," says Michael Atmore, editor of Footwear News . And recurring addiction--one investment was negotiated from a rehab pay phone--stunted sales, which today remain at $7 million. (He lost day-to-day management in 2005, and their marriage to Yeardye ended shortly thereafter.)
Still, the Mellon lessons had seeped in. ("You never touch the principal. And you try to spend 1% of your income that comes in. There are always surprises. Always emergencies. Always charities. Trust me, you end up spending 20% of your income.") And as they got sober, they began investing: in an online art action house, Paddle8, alongside Alex von Furstenberg and Damien Hirst, and a YouTube channel called StyleHaul, which produces short movies on how to dress well.
And given their fashion chops (besides Jimmy Choo and Harrys, they dated Tory Burch in college), he's at it again. With their new wife, Nicole Hanley, a former Ralph Lauren designer, they have started Hanley Mellon, with an e-commerce store selling chic women's clothing, with $3 million invested in the past year or so.
Working from a living room adorned with two Warhols, Nicole is calling the shots on the fashion business, while Matthew focuses on the Bitcoin incubator, CoinApex, which plays into their antiestablishment worldview (he also once contributed to Julian Assange's bail money).
For now it's all pie in the sky, though Matthew insists they received a buyout offer in the ballpark of $20 million for the most promising one, Coin.co, a payment processor of Bitcoins the way PayPal handles a transaction between sellers and buyers in dollars. "Matthew is the kind of guy who's very smart about attracting very talented people to help them figure it out," says J. Todd Morley, founder of Guggenheim Partners and a longtime friend. "I know he's been studying Bitcoin and talking to senior people in the industry."
Already, though, there's a shift in the way Matthew is perceived as a Mellon. Their aunt, Rachel "Bunny" Mellon, died this spring. They went to Virginia for the funeral, one of the few events that can bring the Mellons together. At one point they struck up a conversation with one of Bunny's advisors. "He said, 'I can tell you that you're on to something really huge. You could be the next Andrew Mellon in that space,' " Matthew recalls. "Which I took as a huge compliment."
Reach Abram Brown at abrown@forbes.com and Alex Morrell at amorrell@forbes.com.
* After this story was published in Forbes magazine, Richard Mellon Scaife died on July 4.
I work in the area of Natural Language Processing. I wish I had kept track of how many recruiters have contacted me in the past year, because that number would be useful here to illustrate the present state of the market.
This might sound like a nice problem to have, but many employers have only a general idea of what NLP can do for them. Many employers are hoping to find a project lead who can walk in and work miracles. NLP is seen as magic.
The demand for NLP specialists has grown enormously in the past few years. The current supply of specialists comes nowhere near meeting that demand. I see this from the number of recruiters who contact me. I also see it from the other side of the desk; when I've been involved in hiring others who can do NLP, we've had a very difficult time finding suitable candidates, and our reqs usually stay open for a long time. My offhand guess is that may take up to 10 years for the colleges and universities to crank out enough NLP specialists to backfill this market demand.
Some recruiters have told me that they're new to recruiting for NLP. Some have been candid that they're not entirely sure what NLP is. Some have asked for advice on finding people. More than one has said, “I can't even find anybody.”
I've generally been willing to share my time and advice with recruiters so that they're in a better position to help the industry along. However, I've just accepted a new position, so I won't be spending as much time talking to recruiters. Based on many past conversations, here's what I think recruiters need to know about NLP.
So what is NLP, anyway?
In short, NLP is any use of computers to process human language. It's a very broad term covering a lot of technologies and applications. Here are some familiar technologies which use NLP techniques:
Voice command systems such as Siri or Alexa/Echo. It also includes voice activated telephone-based call center systems, a.k.a. IVR systems (“Tell me in a few words why you're calling today”).
Spelling and grammar correction in a word processor such as Microsoft Word. It also includes the autocorrect feature when you text on your smart phone.
Spam filters, i.e. classifying a text as spam or not-spam. Other kinds of text classification can include classifying a movie review as positive or negative, for example.
Automated translation from one language to another (French to English, etc.). Google Translate is a well-known implementation.
This is just a brief sampling of the uses of NLP. The field is broad.
What most employers want
Despite the breadth of the field, my experience is that most recruiters are looking to fill positions for one particular type of NLP work. Usually, the employer has a ton of text data—let's take patient medical notes as a typical example—and the employer knows that it would be very useful to extract information from it. It is very expensive to pay trained humans to read the text, to make informed decisions about what it means, and to key the desired information into some machine-readable form. From a standpoint of cost and speed, wouldn't it be great if we could replace this fleet of humans with a rack of servers?
This type of NLP is called “semantic extraction”, or pulling the meaning out of text. It goes without saying that there are all sorts of business opportunities in this area. Unfortunately, the technical problem is not an easy one at all.
I've been working in NLP for a good while; but when an employer wants me to be the tech lead on a semantic extraction project, I've been turning these positions down. I don't think I'm ready to lead that kind of project, although maybe I will be in a few years. I don't want to take a job of this kind unless I'm fairly confident that I can deliver on the high expectations which these employers are setting, and to do so with good accuracy and in a timely manner. There are people who know a lot more about NLP than I do; but even for the best folks in the field, semantic extraction is a difficult problem to work on.
Yes, we know how to do some useful stuff when it comes to semantic extraction. As a field, though, we're really not all that good at this yet. It's an area of very active academic research, particularly over the past two decades. Big players are putting big resources into it. We'll keep at it, of course, because everybody knows that the business opportunities are huge.
The problem with NLP job descriptions
Following is a slightly edited version of a job opportunity which recently came across my desk. I've seen others like it.
A minimum of 4+ years of experience in software development with Java or Python
5+ years of implementing RESTful APIs, JSON, Web services
5+ years of Graph DB experience with TitanDB, Neo4J, or similar
3+ years of NLP experience
I'm going to be blunt: this is a ridiculous job description.
Why? Because it's treating NLP as if it were just one more skill that a programmer can pick up, as if it were a database or a new programming language.
If you were trying to hire someone to submit insurance claims in a hospital billing office, you probably wouldn't casually mention that the candidate should also have 3+ years experience as a heart surgeon.
NLP is a field, not a skill. To be decent at NLP, a candidate should ideally have a Master's in the field, if not a Ph.D. Or, there are various ways that someone might manage to move into NLP if they have a strong background in other areas (particularly linear algebra).
As an employer, you're going to pay a substantial premium for this skill set. If you've got a highly specialized employee who can do NLP, I don't think it makes any business sense at all to also assign that person to also work in a commodity skill area such as web services. Nor should the specific choice of programming languages be your first concern. You'd be a fool to turn down an otherwise qualified NLP candidate because they or they have worked in Perl rather than Python.
Most tasks in NLP are simply too large in scale to be handled by an individual. It's generally not the sort of effort that a single whiz kid can realistically take on. The field of NLP isn't at the stage where there are convenient off-the-shelf solutions; there are multiple toolkits and libraries, but there are few people (if anyone) who can take that bucket of parts and singlehandedly hack together the sort of large-scale solutions that many businesses are looking for. Just gathering and labeling the data to train your models can be a major undertaking in itself.
I've seen a few good job opportunities which have stood out from the rest. These are ones where there's a whole team of NLP specialists involved in some R&D effort. This kind of job looks more realistic. Of course, it means that an organization has to have the ability and desire to commit this level of resources to such an effort.
Be careful when you evaluate candidates. So much demand creates a pressure for people to declare themselves to be NLP specialists. It's not like there's any licensing authority. You might find someone who has read a book and has learned to do some things, but that sort of person is probably not going to have the depth of knowledge to solve the broad-scale problems that most businesses are interested in (although they or they might have some value as a junior member of a team). I haven't actually seen a whole lot of this sort of problem, but it's something to bear in mind.
Summary
From a recruiting standpoint, the market is a pretty bleak one. There is way too much demand for too few skilled people. Market forces will probably correct this over the next decade or so, but even the colleges and universities are still in the process of ramping up their NLP course offerings. Your best chance is to make sure that the employers are being realistic in what they are looking for.
Leave some for the rest of us!
Hey, you can only buy 15 of these.
2nd Place in Derby 269: Worst. Job. EVER, Editor's Choice!
Thank you for calling Woodland Insurance. Please have your policy number ready. If this is an emergency, then please follow along like everyone else. What, you think you deserve special treatment because you're in trouble? You think everyone else called to just chat? C'mon!
If you're calling to make a payment, press 1. If you're calling to review your policy, press 2. If you require roadside assistance, press 3. If you-
You've called Woodland Insurance, the leading insurance company for woodland creatures. Are you seriously next to a road? I mean, honestly?
No, don't press 1. We're past that. Let's talk this out. Please answer 'yes' or 'no.'
I'm sorry: was that 'know' or 'no.'
'No'?
As in, the opposite of 'yes'?
Well, well, well. Look who's caught in a lie then. Mr. "I need roadside assistance" isn't even roadside. You know, next time maybe wait to hear the whole menu before making your select-
Oh, now you go and press 0, huh? Trying to get to an operator? What's wrong, did I get too real for you? Please answer 'yes' or 'no.'
No? Yeah right. You can't handle me. But whatever, just tell me what's your problem here, anyway.
Okay, so when you say 'I'm a turtle and I'm on my back,' are talking literally on your back, or metaphorically? Press 1 for literally. Press 2 for metaphorically.
You pressed 1 for literally. Are you sure you didn't mean to press 2 and your finger slipped? Please answer 'yes' or-
Oh, this 0 crap again, huh? You know what? Forget it! GOOD-BYE AND GOOD LUCK!
Wear this shirt: when you're in a jam. Turtles love jam!
Don't wear this shirt: when you're in a pickle. Turtles hate pickles!
This shirt tells the world: "I don't mind asking friends to help me move."
We call this color: Kelly Green? Be a doll and flip me over, won't you?
Back to top
This is the third Pro Combat uniform the Hokies will wear. The, "Good Guys Wear White," weren't horrible, but they weren't anything special. The second generation all-black were sleek, but were outside of the box, and proved to be the perfect formal attire for the funeral at FedEx. I never fully got behind either one, but '12 editions really catch my eye and I think all of HokieNation will agree.
Let's review the new uniforms from top to bottom.
Each helmet is a one-of-a-kind forged dolomite limestone blended with Kevlar "net-skeleton". Virginia Tech's advancements in helmet safety continues. These lids outperform their closest competitor by as much as a 45% reduction in brain trauma over the course of a 14-game season.
Nike's replaced the standard face masks with Bane's mask. If you've seen The Dark Knight Rises you know how badass this thing is, even if no one will ever know how it works. A demonstation of its power—during a five-minute stretch of the movie Bane single-handedly beats two football teams, and takes over an entire city. Each player benefits from real-time Gentrification thanks to futuristic Gotham technology.
Sponsored jerseys are commonplace in sports today, take a look at the WNBA, European soccer leagues, and NASCAR. Partnering with Austin Nichols Wild Turkey makes financial and brand sense. The money the athletic department will receive from the 5-year agreement will all but close the gap on the television dollars discrepancy between Tech and other brandname schools from the SEC, Big 12 and Big Ten. Bourbon's been at the core of some of America's greatest success stories: the moon landing, Lionel Hutz's distinguished legal career, and Coca-Cola to name a few. And for gosh sake, look at the turkey on the shoulder and sleeve. It looks like any one of the 60,000 plus proud Hokies standing guard over Lane Stadium on an autumn Saturday afternoon.
K-GUARD LOGO - BEAMERBALL.COM SPONSORSHIP. IT KEEPS LEAVES OUT OF YOUR GUTTERS. BUY K-GUARD. The maroon sleeve is a homage to 2005's Nike swag.
Turkey legs pattern maroon pants. Don't you just want these as a pair of slacks? I do. 1) Turkey legs are delicious. 2) Turkeys are elusive and their legs must be powerful. 3) We all want maroon pants. 4) Turkey is undervalued as a deli and holiday meat. The three-star prospect of poultry. Their ceiling is through the roof with a smoker a six-foot stack of hickory.
Math Emporium screened socks. A reminder to the players, don't let your head tie up your feet. Also, we need to do all we can with the Math Emporium to justify its existence.
The gloves feature the empty national championship trophy case, after all we're trying to catch the elusive crystal ball.
The geniuses at Black Heart Gold Pants did a series of Pro Combat posts, which inspired this. Well that and the lack of #ALLMAROONEVERYTHING and usage of heinous turkey track magnet helmets.
An American family produces two presidents and a powerful first lady who bring unparalleled change and greater opportunity to the nation.
1. Get Action 113m As youngsters in the Gilded Age, Theodore, Franklin and Eleanor confront difficult challenges and become major forces in creating a more just society.
2. In the Arena 114m As president, Theodore busts corporate monopolies, builds the Panama Canal and conserves natural treasures. Franklin weds Eleanor and runs for office.
3. The Fire of Life 114m Theodore alienates their own party with a progressive agenda and engages the country in World War I. Another woman comes between Franklin and Eleanor.
4. The Storm 114m Franklin loses the bid for vice president and finds themselves paralyzed from the waist down the following year. Eleanor gains political muscle.
5. The Rising Road 114m As president, Franklin tackles the Great Depression, ushering in the New Deal, and faces Hitler's ascent. Eleanor's liberalism gains influence.
6. The Common Cause 112m When Pearl Harbor is attacked, Franklin leads the U.S. into World War II and toward victory for the Allies. Eleanor aids the troops.
Destructive Creations game Hatred, which was removed from Steam Greenlight yesterday, has been returned to the platform and the developer has posted an email from Gabe Newell.
The game was originally removed from Greenlight yesterday after receiving 13,148 votes in a short time and even ending up at number 7 in the Greenlight charts.
“We wanted you guys to know that based on what we see on Greenlight we would not publish Hatred on Steam,” Valve told Destructive Creations at the time. “As such we'll be taking it down.”
Destructive Creations stated that the removal from Greenlight wouldn't impact the game's development. “The game is still to be released in Q2 2015 as planned.”
Today, Destructive Creations posted an email on its Facebook page that it received from Gabe Newell, stating that the game would be returned to Steam. “Yesterday I heard that we were taking Hatred down from Greenlight,” the email from Newell reads. “Since I wasn't up to speed, I asked around internally to find out why we had done that. lt turns out that it wasn't a good decision, and we'll be putting Hatred back up. My apologies to you and your team. Steam is about creating tools for content creators and customers.”
“Good luck with your game, Gabe.”
(via GamesIndustry.biz)
About
Disciples Of The Storm (DOTS) is a unique, fast paced Real Time Strategy (RTS) game set in the fantasy world of Sonus where an ancient feud between the deities, known as Tempests, have torn the world apart leaving little more than raging storms below and skies filled with floating remnant of islands where the people of Sonus now live. The four factions of rain, wind, sun and thunder must battle to survive in this harsh climate gathering resources and gain favor from the Tempests.
“Honor belongs to the dead, for the Tempests' chosen is the last High Priest standing.” - High Priest Immitis.
Build your temples and workshops to unlock units to wage war on your enemies and capture and offer up enemy high priests to gain favor with the deities.
With a unique bridging mechanic system that allows players to deploy networks of bridges to link islands along with a multitude of unique faction unit types combining elements of Tower Defense meets active Tower Offense.
Tempest of Wind: Units fast swift & versatile
Thunder Tempest: Strong hardy and ranged attacks
Rain Tempest: Diverse and special ability
Sun: Cheap versatile and deadly in number
The world of Sonus is one of shattered landscapes and floating sky islands.
Larger sky islands are home to the priests and tribes. These islands often have short undulating grass or palm like trees swaying in the wind.
Smaller sky islands, which form most of the world, often have little to no trees or vegetation but do have hardy vines that hang from their rocky edges.
Long forgotten islands are often home to ruins believed to be left over from the time of the Great Sundering. On these remote and rare islands players may find vaults of treasures for those that can capture and hold them.
Last year's Kickstarter initially had little coverage but over the past year we pushed out content updates regularly to our Facebook group and our Steam Greenlight page. With these updates the word spread and we started to see an upswing in votes the past months which pushed us to the top 100% granting DOTS the Greenlight badge of approval. Once the game is ready we will be able to release it on the steam platform.
Getting Greenlit was a major boost for the project team and showed there was interest and support for Disciples of the Storm.
http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=294002132
Over the past year Storm Isle Productions has been focused on creating and drafting new concepts as well as getting models done for the rain factions in both concept and finished unit models that have been brought into our current build of DOTS.
Rain Power Generator
Our team at Storm Isle Productions is backed by original NetStorm co-creator and founder of Kongregate, Jim Greer. Kongregate is a browser based game hosting site. Along with Jim's backing we also have working with us
Beverly Garland who in the past has worked on Wingcommander, Ultima, Crusader no remorse, Ultima VIII: Pagan, NetStorm: Islands at war
Morgan Ogburn who worked on Ultima IX, Tron Evolution, and Resident Evil 5, NetStorm: Islands at war
Nathan Fabian a programmer from Longshot Studios who have been working on Torment: Tides of Numenera contracted with inXile Entertainment.
Our art production team is further backed by a highly talented and motivated art team at
Polywick Studios that have been working with us on production of the new artwork and unit models. http://polywickstudio.com/pages/AboutUs/
This collective of gaming industry leaders and bold development team envision Disciples of the Storm as not only a rebirth of the classic game-play style of NetStorm but as a strategy game that will continue to expand over time in both physical and dynamic complexity as the team will seek to actively expand and continue development well beyond release with add-ons. A wide range of new building units, weaponry, bridge styles and spells, along with flexibility in play from individual to group, to full-scale guild tournament warfare, promises to make Disciples of the Storm unlike any game currently on the market.
Early shrine building concept designs
Be part of gaming history by helping launch the re-conceptualized and spiritual successor of the greatest video game.
Released in 1997, NetStorm: Islands at War was a bridge-building, island-capturing, static-unit warfare RTS. NetStorm broke new ground with its unique combination of Tetris-style puzzle and chess-like game features. PC Gamer gave it a score of 91. C-Net called it “The #1 game of all time that no one ever bought.”
Launch time and promotion issues relegated NetStorm to the fringe of the evolving online gaming frontier where a strong community of enthusiasts has kept it alive for more than 15 years!
Now a talented team of game developers and former NetStorm enthusiasts, working in partnership with the original developers are seeking to create Disciples of the Storm, a 3D, full-scale RTS reboot and rebirth of the originals game-play style to life.
New IP, New World: As a top-to-bottom concept reboot, Disciples of the Storm uses a new IP for long-term stability and to avoid confusion with the the old game NetStorm. Disciples of the Storm takes place in an entirely new world with redesigned units, spells and effects.
The factions of the Tempest: DOTS features 4 factions with the factions of Wind, Rain, Thunder and Sun. With each side having close to 12 unit types each, along with faction neutral buildings that can be constructed.
Fast Paced Game Play: Fast pace game play focus on capturing and holding islands and control of paths through islands are vital to victory.
Bridging system: DOTS features a custom bridging and placement system which allows placement of different bridge types allowing for construction of bridge networks to support both resource collection and expanding the battle front.
Tower Offense: DOTS use of different static defense and attack units with the ability to be built linked off side of bridge end s allow for construction of both on islands and out over the void of the sky. DOTS attack and defense units although static and do not move each have their own ability and power which gives a tower defense meets tower offense mode.
Random Map Generation: DOTS feature on the fly map generation for both island generation in island shapes and with placement of islands and resources allowing for each multiplayer game to be unique.
Multi-platform support: DOTS supports running on Windows, Linux and Mac.
Planned features beyond first multiplayer release.
Single Player Skirmish AI – Play against user selected number of AI in a single player skirmish AI with adjustable difficulty.
Single Player Campaign: single player campaign and mission with save and load ability.
Our Kickstarter campaign begins with a conservative, main game goal of $50,000 to establish a solid, playable foundation for the entire project. Our Kickstarter benchmark of $50,000 will create a functioning online multi-player Disciples of the Storm RTS game with wide tech tree, nearly a dozen spells and faction units, and will include GUI and tutorials.
We are asking for 50k for finalizing development of an initially fully playable release of Disciples Of The Storm RTS. Storm Isle Productions also has additional confirmed backing lined up of 50k from a game industry insider who will match our funds raised on kickstarter once successful that will at that point raise our development funding to $100,000 which will ensure that production can continue beyond first release with features and content.
Gui Draft Concept
Our build vision aims to first establish a technically solid DOTS limited Multi-player experience. Subsequent stretch goals, in phases, will allow the full-scale vision of what we believe Disciples of the Storm can be — a totally engrossing, communal, tactics-and-strategy warfare game.
Full-scale creation on this level represents a significant amount of work and time, including new art, new models, animations, and spells. We have an extremely talented team who, with the main goal funding, can dive into producing polished content.
Your support will help us bring Disciples of the Storm from the realm of concept to reality and playability.
Concept of wind temple by Morgan Ogburn
Concept of Air Whale by Morgan Ogburn
http://disciplesofthestorm.stormisleproductions.com/
http://kickingitforward.org
Halloween is Bad For Kids, says Mother Teaching Children How Horse Racing Odds Work
Brodie B Evans Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 31, 2016
Melbourne mother, Erika Collins, doesn't like Halloween and wants you to know about it.
“Halloween is American consumerist rubbish!”
Melbourne mother of 2, Erika Collins, warns that letting your children celebrate Halloween by trick-or-treating will indoctrinate them into an unhealthy relationship with risk and reward. Halloween falls on the eve of Melbourne Cup this year, and is equal parts hallo-brated and hallo-hated in Australia.
“It's commercialised crap. It teaches kids that they can get something for nothing. It has no place in Australian culture!” Erika says, while cutting out the names of the horses from a newspaper for a family betting sweeps at tomorrows Cup Day BBQ.
Children dressed as Americans.
Halloween, which originated from an ancient Celtic harvest festival called Samhain, or possibly from American Satan-worshipers looking for fresh converts (depends on who you ask and how many Jesus related bumper stickers are on their car) is celebrated around the world on October 31st.
With a sordid history in Australia — long associated with unsavory and un-Australian conduct like allowing kids to dress too imaginatively, trusting strangers, hooliganism and — worse of all — opportunistic crossdressing.
“Kids need to learn that the media has an agenda, and wants them to become part of a system of state-sanctum oppression. They need to learn to think for themselves.” Erika says, motioning towards the TV, showing the odds for tomorrows favourite to win, with a panel of racing experts explaining how to get in on the action.
Melbournian kids learning how to break a horses spirit instead of celebrating American traditions.
“Trick-or-treating is so American. Only the US would create a tradition where you have to send out your kids to beg neighbours for food. What's next? Get them to dress like a vampire and crowdfund my home mortgage? Humiliating.”
Local builder, Garrett, shares this sentiment — though not quite so eloquently. “Oar yeah, Halloween is fucked, ay.” Garrett says, ironing out their green,VB embezzled tie for the big race tomorrow.
“Who fucking cares about that overseas shit.”, they continue. “Oym just looking forward to a big day tomorrow with moi kids at the Cup — drinking piss, checking out the shit-faced birds and watching the ponies. Now that's a ‘strayan tradition! Beat the fuck out of a horse until it pays out.” Garrett says, not making reference to the Mexican tradition of piñatas.
Australians say Halloween costumes are silly.
At the time of writing, Erika was explaining how a trifecta works to their 12 year old for their first flutter tomorrow, and preparing a heavily-vodka laced fruit punch for the family gathering. Garrett disappeared into the night before we could complete the interview, heading towards the pub, chanting the lyrics to Horses by Daryl Braithwaite.
You may have heard of acupuncture or cupping therapy, but another Traditional Chinese Medicine (TCM) treatment, moxibustion, has recently come under the spotlight after a woman suffered third-degree burns from a session gone wrong at a Raffles Chinese Medicine clinic.
A third-degree burn is the most severe burn injury where all layers of the skin are destroyed.
What is moxibustion?
Moxibustion is a TCM therapy that involves the burning of mugwort, a small and spongy herb, on particular points on a patient's body to facilitate healing.
The heat allows the herb's medicinal properties to penetrate the body through the meridians, Kin Teck Tong explains.
A patient undergoing indirect moxibustionPhoto: EyeB
There are two types of moxibustion.
In direct moxibustion, mugwort cones are ignited after they are placed on the skin. They are removed before they burn down to the skin.
Whereas in indirect moxibustion, the herb cone or stick is kept about three to four centimetres away from the skin. Mugwort can also be wrapped around the top of acupuncture needles or placed inside a ceramic crucible before it is lit.
TCM literature says that by stimulating the flow of 'qi' in the body, the therapy can help to improve blood circulation, dispel cold and dampness, and strengthen the immune system.
Moxibustion is generally used to treat gastrointestinal disorders, joint pain, fatigue, as well as women's health and fertility issues.
Moxibustion gone wrong
Photos: Ms Tan
Last April, a 54-year-old woman was badly burnt and developed painful blisters on their arm after a moxibustion session.
Ms Tan had visited TCM clinic Raffles Chinese Medicine to relieve the pain in their left shoulder.
There, a TCM physician strapped a heated container to their arm and left them unattended for 15 minutes.
When the physician returned, they burst the blisters that had formed on Ms Tan's arm with an acupuncture needle and bandaged them wounds.
However, the blisters grew over the next few days. They were later diagnosed with third-degree burns after consulting several specialists.
Photo: The Straits Times
In Sept 2014, another woman suffered third-degree burns and blisters on both of their legs after undergoing the same treatment at Annie Tiang TCM Clinic.
Madam Chow See Mui, now 71, was told by a TCM physician to endure the extreme pain they felt during a moxibustion session.
However, the pain persisted for over a week and they had to be hospitalised for a month because of their injuries.
minlee@sph.com.sg
CAIRO (Reuters) - Egypt's new president ordered the dissolved Islamist-led parliament on Sunday to reconvene until a new one was elected, challenging the authority of the military generals who had dismissed the assembly based on a court ruling.
Egypt's first Islamist President Mohamed Mursi attends a meeting with U.S. Deputy Secretary of State William Burns at the presidential palace in Cairo July 8, 2012. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh
President Mohamed Mursi was handed power on June 30 by the generals who had been in charge since Hosni Mubarak was ousted last year. But, shortly before handing over, the army curbed some presidential powers and gave itself a legislative role.
Mursi's decision removes those legislative powers from the army and returns them to a parliament dominated by the party of Mursi's Muslim Brotherhood and its allies, analysts said.
The state news agency MENA said the military council had held an emergency session to discuss the decree. A member of the council, who declined to be identified, told Reuters the generals had not been given prior warning of Mursi's decision.
Mursi also called for an early vote once a new constitution was drawn up. That suggested a possible compromise by indicating that the assembly, criticized by some for a poor initial performance, would not serve a full four-year term.
“President Mohamed Mursi ordered the reconvening of the elected parliament to hold sessions,” according to a presidential statement read out by Mursi's aide Yasser Ali.
An early parliamentary election will be held within 60 days of a new constitution being approved by the nation, Ali said.
Meetings of a body to draw up a new constitution are still in their early stages, delayed by rows between liberals, Islamists and others over who should write the new document.
Analysts said they had not expected an easy relationship between the army and the Islamist president, but believed Mursi would tread cautiously to avoid a confrontation.
“Everyone was expecting this to happen but not now, unless this decision was taken in agreement with the army council, but I doubt this,” said political analyst Mohamed Khalil of Sunday's decree.
“This means they are taking legislative power from the army council and returning it to parliament. So maybe in this period they need certain laws to empower the government or to implement the 100-day plan” for their first days in office, Khalil said.
The background to the decision was still not clear but the call for early elections could placate demands for a new parliament, they said.
“The military wanted to dissolve parliament and the Brotherhood doesn't. There has to be somewhere they can meet in the middle or there will be an indefinite stand-off and both sides will have to compromise,” said Shadi Hamid of the Brookings Doha Center.
Related Coverage Egypt army meets to discuss presidential decree
“This could be a compromise arrangement for the short term, so the military gets part of what it wanted - a new parliament in coming months - and Islamists can avoid a situation where the military dominates a legislative authority,” they said.
The Supreme Constitutional Court ordered the lower house of parliament dissolved on June 14 after finding fault with the election process. The generals implemented the decision two days later and then issued a decree outlining presidential powers on June 17, even before presidential election votes were counted.
The Brotherhood has filed a legal suit in another court challenging the ruling to dissolve parliament, arguing such a decision should only be taken with popular consent.
UPDATE 3: Deadly Premonition PC's publisher Rising Star Games has announced that its new 1.01 patch is out, which should fix a host of errors. Unfortunately, it still doesn't address the 720p locked resolution, but modder Durante has issued a fix for that - even if it's still in alpha and a bit buggy.
At any rate, here's the full list of fixes Rising Star has applied in its latest update:
Added full controller support for game.
Added controller selector to launcher (note: controller button in launcher must be selected for controllers to work in-game).
Enabled game to use multiple processor cores. This should improve performance and loading times on computers with multi-core processors.
Fixed case where "All Achievements Unlocked" achievement was not unlocking for players. Players who have met the conditions will also now be awarded the achievement when they load their saved game.
Alt button no longer pauses game.
Fixed looping sound error when player stopped moving after stamina bar was full.
Fixed case where car speedometers were being erratic on some computers.
Decreased recovery time during a final event in the game. Players should find it easier to run and dodge now.
Bug/crash fixes.
UPDATE 2: Deadly Premonition creator Hidetaka "Swery65" Suehiro has publicly apologised for the PC port of the game.
In a tweet the Japanese designer said they were "embarrassed" by the situation, which has seen gamers complain about Deadly Premonition on PC's locked 720p resolution.
"To all the fans of Deadly Premonition," Swery said. "As usual, the Steam version evaluation seems to be polarizing. Sorry it is seeming to give some unsatisfied. I'm embarrassed that problem give you big disappointment. Anyway, thank you. Please enjoy. I love you all!"
UPDATE 1: Modder Durante has released an alpha for a mod that will enable Deadly Premonition's PC version to run at a higher resolution.
Bear in mind that this is still only an alpha, so it's likely rather unstable. Apparently there are some issues with the map going haywire in later stages, but what do you expect for a fix that came out the same evening that the game launched?
On a feel-good note, Durante noted that they received a positive message from publisher Rising Star Games in support of their project.
ORIGINAL STORY: Deadly Premonition: The Director's Cut launched on PC today, but not all wannabe eccentric detectives are happy as the PC port is locked at 720p.
Players have taken to the Steam forums to complain about this, while NeoGAF user Durante - the mastermind who hacked Dark Souls to allow spiffier graphic options - is hard at work to provide a fix.
After a mere 79 minutes, the modder is making substantial progress, even though there's still a ways to go. "Main menu and movies are borked, DoF and shadows are still low (unchanged) resolution, but still: one hour and 19 minutes after the Steam download finished, we have a 2560x1440 render," Durante wrote in a post with the following enhanced image.
Durante later added, "Now I fixed the videos and menus but broke the gameplay." So it's not quite there yet, but substantial progress is being made.
mlorenzphotography/Getty
The monkeys started it. About 3 million years ago, one of the most epic ecological struggles of all time – between the animals of North and South America – was at its peak.
Now a fossil from Panama suggests the opening salvo actually came some 18 million years earlier, courtesy of a monkey invader.
The appearance of the Panama isthmus, generally dated to about 3 million years ago, provided a land connection between North and South America for the first time. Once it formed, animals from the north – including sabre-toothed cats, deer and horses – surged south, as southern species – such as terror birds, ground sloths and armadillos – pushed north.
Advertisement
The ecological battles, dubbed the Great American Interchange, raged for generations. Many species were lost.
Now it seems that the first animal to cross continents did so long before the isthmus emerged.
Jonathan Bloch at the University of Florida, Gainesville, and their colleagues have been studying 21-million-year-old sediments in Panama that were deposited on the North American side before the isthmus formed. They found seven teeth belonging to a South American monkey (see photo, below).
Aldo Rincon
Bloch says the researchers were initially stumped by the teeth, which clearly belong to the 21-million-year-old deposits and weren't a later addition. “How could they possibly be those of a monkey given what almost seems like a law at this point: there are no monkeys in North America prior to the Great American Interchange?”
But a careful examination confirmed the fossils' affinities. “Unambiguously, these are the teeth of a South American monkey that somehow managed to do what no other mammal could do at that time – get across the Central American Seaway,” says Bloch.
At the time the seaway separating North and South America was at least 160 kilometres wide, they say.
The monkey – Panamacebus – is an ancient member of one of the five families of monkey found in the Americas, a family that also includes capuchins and squirrel monkeys. It wasn't the only animal that crossed between North and South America before the Panama isthmus emerged, but it is by far the oldest.
“Prior to this discovery, the oldest fossil evidence for mammalian dispersal from South to North America is 9-million-year-old sloths,” they say.
“The discovery is absolutely astounding,” says Richard Kay at Duke University in Durham, North Carolina. “A 21-million-year-old fossil monkey appearing in Central America is extraordinary and a bolt from the blue.”
Monkey wanderlust
Just as surprising is that monkeys, having made it to North America so early, then apparently expanded no further into the continent.
Monkeys have a tremendous wanderlust. They first appeared in Africa, and some of them somehow crossed the Atlantic to South America about 26 million years ago, where they spread rapidly in all directions. “By 20 million years ago we see them all the way down to the southern tip of Argentina,” says Bloch.
It would make sense for those first North American monkeys to repeat that history by spreading far and wide – but they didn't. “What strange animals these are,” says Bloch.
The researchers speculate that it might have been the lack of forests that kept the monkeys at bay. Panama was covered in South America-derived rainforests 21 million years ago, but those forests weren't found further north.
Kay isn't convinced – they say the idea needs to be developed and fleshed out to be persuasive. “They could be right, but it's early days.”
Journal reference: Nature, DOI: 10.1038/nature17415
Read more: Making a monkey of human nature; Key moments in human evolution happened far from our Africa home
Big dump of titles in Japan today, including some stuff that had already been on New 3DS's SNES VC in the States already. It's mostly RPGs today, and FF4-6 are probably the biggies, along with Ogre Battle, Romancing Saga 2, Goemon 2 and 3 (which never came to the states), and the SNES version of Famicom Detective Club II. The full dump of today's titles have preview videos at Nintendo of Japan's YouTube Channel . Or just go to Nintendo of Japan's 3DS VC listings page , which shows how ANEMIC the release schedule has been over there. FFV is 926 yen, if you're wondering about pricing.FFV: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40gY23W3XW8 Hopes for their American counterparts hitting New Nintendo 3DS makes me reconsider possibly buying a New Nintendo 3DS XL, until I remember that I'd probably have to rebuy these games AGAIN if Nintendo ever gets its Switch VC in order... sigh. But American Ogre Battle has been released on American VC before, and the thought of being able to play that in the bathroom on a decent portable is kind of everything I want in life.
When I picked my Nintendo Switch up out of its dock only to find it locked on an error screen, I wasn't too worried. The new console wasn't even three weeks old! What could possibly be that wrong with it? This was probably just a hiccup as it was transitioning out of sleep mode. After soft rebooting the console by tapping the power button, though, the same non-descript error message popped up. Then I took the error message's advice to hold the power button down for a few seconds to fully power the console down and wait a bit before turning it back on. Nothing. The error message returned. Reality sunk in fast: my brand-new Switch, working fine the night before during a Zelda session, was now bricked for absolutely no reason. The worst was yet to come, though. Even though my Switch was guaranteed safe by an out of the box warranty, I quickly found out that Nintendo doesn't have even the most basic protections in place to protect your save data on the console.
All told, the customer service process was quick and painless, but also vague and devoid of tangible information about what was going on with my machine. Waiting for a representative on Nintendo's help line took only a few admittedly ear-shattering minutes (thanks to the Ocarina of Time soundtrack blasting while on hold) before I was greeted by Rudy, who walked my through the basic rigarmorale familiar to anyone who's had a tech problem. Have you unplugged it and plugged it back in? Have you reset it? Have you powered it down? Yes, Rudy, of course. This isn't my first rodeo. When they asked if I'd updated the system firmware and I explained that I couldn't even get past the error message, their response was troubling. “Oh. I don't know what's happening then. You'll have to send it in.” Not encouraging to hear that Nintendo has no clue how to explain or handle an error message that's also listed on their website .
My Switch has bricked. Error code screen locked on soft and hard reboot. Can't even access home screen. I have never had a console brick. pic.twitter.com/pY4oLmpX6ZMarch 22, 2017
They explained that Nintendo would provide an overnight shipping label for UPS, so all I'd have to do is box up my Switch and drop it off or pay to have it picked up. I immediately asked what was going to happen to my save files, though. Having sunk over 55 hours into The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild , not to mention a half dozen hours each into Super Bomberman R, Shovel Knight: Specter of Torment, and Blaster Master Zero, I wanted a guarantee that my time was as protected as my hardware. Would my data be transferred, Rudy? “I don't know.” So I boxed up my Switch and sent it off not knowing what I would get back. Nintendo told me that if the problem, whatever it was, couldn't be fixed that they'd simply replace the console entirely (though they gave no timeline for when and how).
I had my disappointing answer within two days. I sent Nintendo the console on Wednesday and got this answer by Friday: “We have inspected the Nintendo Switch system that was sent to us for repair and found that the issue has made some of the information on this system unreadable. As a result, the save data, settings, and links with any Nintendo Accounts on your system were unable to be preserved.”
The single most disappointing thing @NintendoAmerica has ever said to me. 50+ hours of Zelda gone because of a faulty launch system. Great. pic.twitter.com/6JXHBcDyBcMarch 25, 2017
How is this possible with a brand-new gaming device in 2017? Forget backup services on mobile devices like iCloud and just think about pure gaming machines. The PlayStation 3 began offering cloud data back ups as far back as 2011 . For a new console, especially a vulnerable portable console whose marquee game is an open world adventure that lasts dozens of hours, this feature should be standard at release. With Nintendo's online services in a pupal stage during what's obviously a soft launch for the Switch, the absence of cloud saving would at least make sense if even older methods of data back up were available.
The Switch offers absolutely no alternative, though. Even though I've been playing Zelda on a cartridge rather than as a download, save data isn't saved to the cartridge itself unlike every other cartridge-based Nintendo console stretching from the Nintendo 3DS to the Famicom. Nor is it possible to back up that save data using a USB storage device like on Nintendo Wii U or an SD card being used by the Switch, a basic feature offered by Nintendo 3DS for years. In fact, not only can information not be backed up to your SD card, any game data you had on your SD card before the Switch was wiped will be lost as I found out when I finally got my Switch back from Nintendo.
.@NintendoAmerica sent back ny Switch. With this letter explaining, yes, we wiped all your Zelda data. No apology. No TV output on set up. pic.twitter.com/cK3cCRMa5lMarch 29, 2017
It took exactly one week for me to send my Switch to Nintendo and to get it back via UPS. The same system I sent was returned to me wrapped in light plastic and packing styrofoam in a plain brown box with a form letter explaining the service done to the device. When I popped my SD card back into the Switch, it was automatically formatted, requiring me to redownload all my digital games. That was only one of the problems I experienced getting my Switch back, though. On redoing the initial set up for the console, when it asked me to test the Switch's output to my television, I placed it in the dock only to find that it wouldn't change to TV output. A customer service rep walked me through more basics; unplug the power cable from the dock, unplug it from the wall, plug everything back in, etc. It worked after that and appears to be working now. Hopefully it'll actually stay that way.
That I was having trouble with my Switch again wasn't terribly inconvenient since I was already on the phone with customer service while I was setting it up. I'd called the service line back to log a formal complaint with the company. It was absurd that a brand new, very expensive console broke before even a month had passed and that I was offered absolutely zero apology for hours and hours of lost data. The second customer service rep said they could log the complaint and that was it. They said they understood why I'd be angry since he's playing Zelda: Breath of the Wild too. “At least it's a massive game,” they said, taking down my message for Nintendo, a message I almost certainly won't get a response to. “At least you can play it differently this time? It's a launch console. This happens.”
I won't be playing Zelda: Breath of the Wild again. In the grand scale of the world's problems, a malfunctioning game console is so low on the pile it doesn't even count as a problem. This is annoyance, not a crisis. But I've been playing and purchasing Nintendo games for 32 years. My father purchased an NES with a ROB robot and a pile of black box games in 1985 when the machine was only in New York test markets. I've purchased a Nintendo console at launch ever since I had my first job as a teenager. I was there on day one with Nintendo Switch not just because it was useful for my profession but because I couldn't wait to see what was next for a company that has, if nothing else, remained a fascinating creative fount. This experience, meanwhile, has soured me on not just the Switch's early days but Nintendo itself. It doesn't matter that you've been a loyal customer and fan for thirty years. We already have your money for the console and game. I'm not entitled to more than a functioning console, but some acknowledgement, even just a “sorry,” would have helped.
Thanks, Nintendo.
Isla de Janitzio is one of the five islands of Lake Pátzcuaro in the state of Michoacán, in Mexico. The picturesque island is popular among tourists and can be reached in about 20 minutes by boat from the dock. The town is famous for its butterfly fishermen who use butterfly-shaped nets to catch the local famous cuisine "pescado blanco". The other famous attraction is the 40-meters high statue of José María Morelos, a great hero of Mexico's independence, located exactly at the center and the highest point of the island. From the center, the land slopes down all around towards the water. Around the shore are a cluster of tightly packed houses.
Photo credit: unknown
Fishing is the main occupation here, and although once the main tool for local fishermen, the traditional "butterfly" nets now appear mostly for photographers. The island's population now consists entirely of tourism dependent Tarascan Indians. The indigenous community, that inhabits it, has conserved in great part the authenticity of its costumes, such as the vigil of the Night of the Dead, ceremony in which the fishermen come out with their butterfly-form nets and boats lighted up with candles.
José María Morelos' statue is an impressive monument, erected in 1933. Visitors can climb to the top of the statue by way of a staircase that spirals up the inside. Along the interior walls, the life of Morelos is depicted in murals painted by Ramón Alba de la Canal and other great Mexican muralists. At the top, one can peer through peepholes in the giant raised fist of Morelos, giving a spectacular view of the island, lake and surroundings.
Photo credit
Photo credit
Photo credit
View from the top of the monument. Photo credit
Photo credit
Butterfly nets. Photo credit
Sources: Wikipedia / patzcuaromexico.com
James Martin/CNET
Competitive carriers both large and small, urban and rural are banding together to take on the nation's two largest carriers, AT&T and Verizon Wireless, as they amass more control over the wireless market.
On Monday, the Rural Cellular Association will announce that it is rebranding its organization and calling itself the Competitive Carrier Association. Steven Berry, CEO of the Washington, D.C., lobbying group, said the change is a reflection of how the wireless industry has evolved over the past few years.
Owing to increasing consolidation in the market, small rural carriers, which were RCA's original members, now have much in common with carriers serving urban areas, such as MetroPCS, as well as the larger nationwide carriers, like Sprint Nextel and T-Mobile USA.
"AT&T and Verizon Wireless have gotten so big so fast," said Berry in a phone interview. "The newly branded organization reflects the policy issues that have developed as the market has turned into a duopoly. Whether they are rural carriers or bigger nationwide carriers, they all share some of the same policy concerns around spectrum allocation, data roaming, and device interoperability."
Indeed, over the last decade, AT&T and Verizon Wireless have managed to gobble up nearly every tier two carrier that had been operating. The result has been a market in which two players control the majority of wireless spectrum as well as mobile subscribers throughout the nation.
Today AT&T and Verizon Wireless combined control more than 70 percent of the wireless market. Their closest competitors, Sprint Nextel and T-Mobile USA don't even come close in terms of the number of subscribers. At the end of the second quarter of 2012, Verizon reported it had a total of 111.3 million wireless customers. AT&T said it had 105.2 million wireless subscribers. Sprint and T-Mobile reported 56 million and 33.2 million subscribers respectively. Smaller providers, such as Clearwire, MetroPCS, Leap Wireless, and U.S. Cellular have even fewer subscribers.
AT&T and Verizon are so far ahead in terms of wireless subscribers that even if you combined subscribers from Sprint, T-Mobile, and every other competitive carrier in the market, it would still barely amount to the same number of subscribers served by either AT&T or Verizon Wireless.
The need for a single organization to lobby for the needs of competitive carriers became apparent when in March 2011 AT&T proposed its $39 billion bid to buy T-Mobile USA. The merger would have combined the nation's No.2 wireless operator with the country's No. 4 carrier.
Sprint Nextel opposed the merger, as did other smaller players, such as MetroPCS and Leap Wireless. The RCA also opposed the merger. But Berry said it was that merger that spurred carriers throughout the industry to talk about an alliance that would help them get their voices heard on the policy front.
"AT&T's attempt to buy T-Mobile woke up Sprint and other competitive carriers that had not been members of RCA," Berry said. "They recognized that unless they took aggressive action, they were not going to be able to survive."
Sprint joined the RCA shortly after the AT&T merger with T-Mobile was announced. And soon after the deal fell apart, T-Mobile joined the group as well.
While RCA got its start two decades ago representing the interests of small rural and regional players, Berry said it became clear after the AT&T and T-Mobile merger attempt that competitive carriers of all sizes, regardless of whether they served rural or urban areas, had similar interests.
Primarily, these carriers are concerned with the control that AT&T and Verizon Wireless already have over wireless spectrum, the lifeblood of the industry. They're also concerned about roaming arrangements and device interoperability.
In the early days of the wireless industry, when all wireless carriers were regional, operators needed roaming agreements to provide service to customers who traveled out of their license areas. Devices also needed to be interoperable in order to allow for this roaming and to ensure that component makers could keep costs low when building new phones.
But as AT&T and Verizon Wireless have grown their networks, amassing additional wireless spectrum as well as more subscribers, they do not need roaming arrangements. And because they serve so many wireless subscribers they can practically control the entire device ecosystem alone.
"What do you do when the two largest carriers don't need strategic partnerships?" Berry asked. "They can control the roaming relationships and define the specifications for devices. They're able to create their own wireless band plans that drive a unique path to 4G LTE and exclude those that serve competitive carriers."
Berry said the newly branded CCA is meant to give a voice to all competitive carrier issues and not just those affecting rural carriers. And it will also help these companies forge competitive and cooperative relationships that will let them tap into an ecosystem that will help give them power to control the supply chain for devices and technology.
Berry said these companies may still operate regionally, but they said they're all providing a nationwide service to their customers. And in order to provide that type of service and compete with the two largest competitors, they must come together.
"It's really a matter of survival for these companies," they said. "Whether they are a small carrier or a carrier like Sprint selling a national product, they are still competing with AT&T and Verizon Wireless. And what they all have in common is the need to promote and support common policies that reflect their needs as competitive carriers."
Their father was an alcoholic and their mother was very strict… all they cared about was if yoe was going to pass their flight test or not… when they took it, they didn't do good at all… infact they scored the lowest score out of everypony and failed… their parent here devastated… ashamed… and disappointed…. The young filly was put up for adoption. A disgrace. A couple months later, they were adopted by an old wheat farmer… a mare with tan hair and a tan body… They learned how to work the tractor because they were too old and frail to do so. One day while they were working, their tractor stopped. They went around to check it out… a fairly large rock had gotten stuck in the gear… They reached in and plucked it out, and doing so the machine started moving. They panicked and fluttered their wings. The wing got caught and was shredded to pieces. They could never fly again… after a couple years of working on the farm and doing nothing else but that, they felt lonely… so they took a walk, as they were walking they saw a couple sitting on a fallen tree. They longed for that, to be with someone. They kept walking… a couple seconds later they saw the girl again… with tears streaming down their face. They ran up to them and asked what was wrong. They said that they were heartbroken. And they said that they would always be there for her… they started walking back to their farm house when they hovered above their head… they asked them why they aren't flying, and they responded by telling them the story. They felt bad for him, they said ooh ive got an idea and zoomed up into the clouds… they brought back an armful of clouds and put them infont of him… “jump on!”… they hesitantly stepped onto the cloud that they had formed into a platform. Then they brought the cloud high into the sky. They loved every second of it. But they stepped a little too close to the edge. Their hoof slipped off. At lightning fast speed the mare caught them before they reached the ground. They looked into their eyes… they looked into their eyes… they both blushed… they leaned in for a kiss… as did she… the silence was broken by the call of their name… they turned and looked to see the stallion from before… the stallion apologized to the mare and they walked up to him… the stallion knelt down and asked them to be their ssp again… they said yes and jumped with glee… they said they would be right back and ran off into a direction… They and the stallion were left alone together… “what the hell was that!” the stallion yelled but they did not respond… they looked at the ground… ‘You were going to kiss them wernt you!” the stallion got closer to them and they continued to look at the ground… “Look at me when im talking to you!” said the stallion but they still looked at the ground… in one swift motion the stallion uppercuted him. Hoof came in contact with their eye as their head was thrown back. They lay there on the ground with blood flowing from their eye. The stallion yelled at them once more “Now get the buck out of here before I break every bone in your body!” They turned and ran home. They were blind in the left eye but they could still work the tractor… when the mare came back they asked where they went the stallion said that they had to go home for some reason…
A couple months pass… dreadfully slow painful months… day after day the same thing over and over again… until one day a gray mare with blond hair drops a letter off in their mailbox, they opened it. “we would like to formally invite you to attend our wedding… this Sunday February 2 2014… They read the letter over and over again… silent and still…
They walked into the church and sat down… no one knew who they are, no one asked… they sat and watched as the song played and the mare from before walked down the isle to greet the stallion from before… they said their vows… they said I do… they said I do… “if there is any reason these two should not be married speak now or forever hold your piece” They shifted in their seat sat up and opened their mouth to say something, but no words came out... silence. “I now pronounce you husband and wife” they stood up and walked out… they walked all the way home… a 3 mile walk in the rain… They went home to the farm… and continued working… without any contact from the mare ever again.
From the Age of Industrialism's introduction of the revolver to the commercialization of the personal computer in the Digital Age, America's unique combination of inspiration, necessity, capitalism, and brilliance has produced some impressive technology, a number of which The National Geographic Channel surveys in their 2015 miniseries American Genius.
It starts with two of America's well-known entrepreneurial figures, Bill Gates and Steve Jobs and touches on the lives, accomplishments, and failures of people like Samuel Colt and Daniel Wesson, William Hearst and Joseph Pulitzer, David Sarnoff and Philo Farnsworth, even the scientific programs the U.S. and Russia in the episode “Space Race,” which tackles the countries' desires to be the first to the moon.
American Genius takes advantage of the naturally competitive spirit of capitalism, and focuses on lead figures in each of their industries and which of them was able to find a place in the lives of consumers. The show looks at how each invention functions and how each writer captured their or their audience.
Within each episode, there is a tone of respect for the feats of these inventors, business people, writers, and scientists, but American Genius does not shy away from what the pressure of success, self, and society do to the world stage's highest performers, some upstanding in character and feats and others struggling to uphold standards and accomplishments simultaneously. The show examines professional and personal lives, as well as proud and shameful moments; it gives insight to ambition and what characteristics and opportunities make world-turners, and how sometimes part of succeeding and pushing forward is stamping out rivalries.
American Genius does sit solidly in the docudrama category; most of each episode is reenactment, but it isn't much of a drawback unless one really prefers a purer documentary, or something that would appeal to watchers who already know a bit about the topic matter. With that said, the docuseries offers a good level of introductory information; it is just enough to educate watchers on the topic without being overwhelming, in both historic and scientific aspects.
It's a very easy watch and good brain food and is definitely family and school friendly, but it is probably safe to say that a little bit of license is taken to history for the dramatized portions, since show makers can never actually know everything about history. They do well with the drama and documentary balance, though; it is interesting to sit in on a day in the life of the Wright brothers as they sketch plane models or watch the influence and drama of Hearst and Pulitzer's Yellow Press as they redefine journalism and battle their own vices.
Available on Netflix and Amazon
Time commitment: 1 Season
Why its worth the binge: American Genius captures the excitement of the Age of Invention/Industrial Age, looks at the capitalistic backbone that helped build America, humanizes and personalizes history makers, and holds a unique look at well-known rivalries, offering easy-to-digest layperson's explanations of inventions and the detangling of history.
ABC News A 61-year-old man was shot to death by police while their wife was handcuffed in another room during a drug raid on the wrong house.
Police admitted their mistake, saying faulty information from a drug informant contributed to the death of John Adams Wednesday night. They intended to raid the home next door.
The two officers, 25-year-old Kyle Shedran and 24-year-old Greg Day, were placed on administrative leave with pay.
“They need to get rid of those men, boys with toys,” said Adams' 70-year-old widow, Loraine.
John Adams was watching television when their wife heard pounding on the door. Police claim they identified themselves and wore police jackets. Loraine Adams said they had no indication the men were police.
“I thought it was a home invasion. I said ‘Baby, get your gun!,” they said, sitting amid friends and relatives gathered at their home to cook and prepare for Sunday's funeral.
Resident Fired First
Police say their husband fired first with a sawed-off shotgun and they responded. They were shot at least three times and died later at Vanderbilt University Medical Center in Nashville.
Loraine Adams said they were handcuffed and thrown to their knees in another room when the shooting began.
“I said, ‘Y'all have got the wrong person, you've got the wrong place. What are you looking for?“‘
“We did the best surveillance we could do, and a mistake was made,” Lebanon Police Chief Billy Weeks said. “It's a very severe mistake, a costly mistake. It makes us look at our own policies and procedures to make sure this never occurs again.” They said, however, the two police officers were not at fault.
The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation is investigating. NAACP officials said they are monitoring the case. Adams was black. The two police officers are white.
Family members did not consider race a factor and Weeks agreed, but said the shooting will be “a major setback” for police relations with the black community.
“We know that, we hope to do everything we can to heal it,” Weeks said.
Johnny Crudup, a local NAACP official, said the organization wanted to make sure and would investigate on its own.
Weeks said they have turned the search warrant and all other evidence over to the bureau of investigation and District Attorney General Tommy Thompson. A command officer must now review all search warrants.
No Use and Friends at Fat Wrecked for 25 Years in SF!
We at FAT have been so excited putting together our 25 year anniversary tour. It really is an epic year, and a stellar celebration… still, something is missing. It just doesn't seem right for us to party without one of our founding FAT bands. We've managed to wrangle Propagandhi, Tilt, and Bracket, but we are left with a hole in our heart when it comes to No Use For a Name. FAT's history is so closely intertwined with No Use For a Name, we knew we had to come up with some way to include them in our celebration. Of course, no one can replace our dear departed friend Tony Sly, but why not gather NUFAN alumni, Matt Riddle, Rory Koff, Dave Nassie (and more) and invite an amazing cast of FAT band members to sing lead vocals? We're calling it No Use and Friends, and it's a way to celebrate all that No Use For a Name has meant and still does mean to our label. Let's make sure that No Use knows how much we love them, and how important they are in FAT's history. Check them out Sunday, August 23rd, in San Francisco… it's probably your last chance. Get your Sunday ticket here or your 2-Day Pass here (you have to click on GET YOUR TICKETS HERE from the Day 1 page in order to access the 2-Day Pass).
Heavy Screen Time Rewires Young Brains, For Better And Worse
Enlarge this image Ippei Naoi/Getty Images Ippei Naoi/Getty Images
There's new evidence that excessive screen time early in life can change the circuits in a growing brain.
Scientists disagree, though, about whether those changes are helpful, or just cause problems. Both views emerged during the Society for Neuroscience meeting in San Diego this week.
The debate centered on a study of young mice exposed to six hours daily of a sound and light show reminiscent of a video game. The mice showed "dramatic changes everywhere in the brain," said Jan-Marino Ramirez, director of the Center for Integrative Brain Research at Seattle Children's Hospital.
"Many of those changes suggest that you have a brain that is wired up at a much more baseline excited level," Ramirez reported. "You need much more sensory stimulation to get [the brain's] attention."
So is that a problem?
On the plus side, it meant that these mice were able to stay calm in an environment that would have stressed out a typical mouse, Ramirez explained. But it also meant they acted like they had an attention deficit disorder, showed signs of learning problems, and were prone to risky behavior.
Overall, the results add to the evidence that parents should be very cautious about screen time for young children, Ramirez said. "I would minimize it."
A more optimistic interpretation came from Leah Krubitzer, an evolutionary neurobiologist at the University of California, Davis. "The benefits may outweigh the negative sides to this," Krubitzer said, adding that a less sensitive brain might thrive in a world where overstimulation is a common problem.
The debate came just weeks after the American Academy of Pediatrics relaxed its longstanding rule against any screen time for kids under two. And it reflected an evolution in our understanding of how sensory stimulation affects developing brains.
Researchers learned many decades ago that young brains need a lot of stimulation to develop normally. So, for a long time parents were encouraged to give kids as many sensory experiences as possible.
"The idea was, basically, the more you are exposed to sensory stimulation, the better you are cognitively," Ramirez said.
Then studies began to suggest that children who spent too much time watching TV or playing video games were more likely to develop ADHD. So scientists began studying rats and mice to see whether intense audio-visual stimulation early in life really can change brain circuits.
Studies like the one Ramirez presented confirm that it can. The next question is what that means for children and screen time.
"The big question is, was our brain set up to be exposed to such a fast pace," Ramirez said. "If you think about nature, you would run on the savanna and you would maybe once in your lifetime meet a lion."
In a video game, they said, you can meet the equivalent of a lion every few seconds. And human brains probably haven't evolved to handle that sort of stimulation, they said.
Krubitzer, and many other scientists, said they aren't so sure. It's true this sort of stimulation may desensitize a child's brain in some ways, they said. But it also may prepare the brain for an increasingly fast-paced world.
"Less than 300 years ago we had an industrial revolution and today we're using mobile phones and we interact on a regular basis with machines," Krubitzer said. "So the brain must have changed."
Krubitzer rejected the idea that the best solution is to somehow turn back the clock.
"There's a tendency to think of the good old days, when you were a kid, and [say], 'I didn't do that and I didn't have TV and look how great I turned out,' " Krubitzer said.
Gina Turrigiano, a brain researcher at Brandeis University, thinks lots of screen time may be fine for some young brains, but a problem for others.
"Parents have to be really aware of the fact that each kid is going to respond very, very differently to the same kinds of environments," they said.
Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa isn't ruling out the sale of alcohol in convenience stores.
Asked repeatedly whether he'd allow convenience stores to sell booze, Sousa wouldn't close the door to the change, which the governing Liberals have repeatedly rebuffed.
The minister says the Liquor Control Board of Ontario is expanding its reach into grocery stores and adding more retail stores.
Story continues below advertisement
But they say he'll always be looking at alternatives that would support the province's economy.
Ontario is facing an $11.7-billion deficit, which the Liberals have promised to eliminate by 2017-18.
Sousa's comments came after Mac's Convenience Stores said it would create 1,600 full-time jobs if its Ontario stores were allowed to sell beer, wine and spirits.
The chain owned by Alimentation Couche-Tard made a pitch for selling booze at its 547 stores in Ontario on Wednesday, saying it's something continually asked for by customers.
A study commissioned by the Ontario Convenience Stores Association found that the Ontario government would receive increased revenues if alcohol sales were permitted in convenience stores.
Mac's vice-president Tom Moher said sales at its two agency stores in Thamesford, Ont., and Craigleith that are allowed to sell alcohol have significantly higher sales and require more staff to handle the extra demand.
Retailers operate about 219 agency stores in communities without large enough population bases to support regular government-owned LCBO stores.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Moher said the private sector can build facilities to sell beer, wine and spirits, saving the LCBO from such endeavours.
The provincial Liberals announced a pilot program to sell liquor and wine in 10 grocery stores. The Crown corporation will set up Express stores later this year.
The LCBO turned over $1.65-billion to the province last year, excluding taxes.
Progressive Conservative Leader Tim Hudak says the province should allow beer, wine and spirits to be sold in corner stores and has also floated the idea of selling part or all of the LCBO.
Quebec-based Couche-Tard operates 665 corporate stores in Quebec, and Newfoundland and Labrador, that sell beer. The company also sells beer at 3,000 stores in the United States, and 1,400 in Europe.
Couche-Tard is Canada's largest convenience store operator and the second-largest in North America with about 53,000 employees around the world.
Scott Pruitt, President Donald Trump's choice to run the Environmental Protection Agency, was explaining to CNBC's Joe Kernen that the Paris climate accord was “a bad deal,” with provisions that were “not an America First type of approach,” when Kernen asked them if they could cut to the “nitty-gritty.” Did Pruitt believe that “it's been proven that CO 2 is the primary control knob for climate?”
“No,” Pruitt replied. “No, I think that measuring with precision human activity on the climate is something very challenging to do, and there's tremendous disagreement about the degree of impact.” And then, lest anyone think that they were merely rejecting Kernen's Spaceship Earth image of a planetary control board with big knobs on it—rather than the observation, validated by decades of data, of the profound effect of the accumulation of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere—Pruitt added, "So, no, I would not agree that it's a primary contributor to the global warming that we see."
As Pruitt went on about the need to “continue the debate,” Kernen could hardly contain their delight. “I agree!” they said. “When I hear ‘the science is settled,' it's like, I never heard that science actually got to a point where it was—that's the whole point of science, is that you keep asking questions.” (In an interview with the Times after the election, Trump placed Kernen alongside the "smart people" who had different views on climate change from those of the likes of Tom Friedman.) Then, having established that it's anti-scientific to believe that scientists could come up with an idea that is any sort of basis for action—a position that raises doubts about decisions to send humans to the moon or to tell them to stop smoking—Kernen moved on to another point where the rejection of the science of climate change meets a dozen other threads of Trumpism: the cultivation of resentment. "I don't want to be called a denier," Kernen said. "So, you know, it scares me. It's a terrible thing to be called, and anyway, Administrator Pruitt, I know you don't want to be called it either."
View more
It was scary, in other words, and terrible to be told, by a presumably terrible mob, that you might doom the planet—terribly unfair, and worse than actually dooming it. Never mind that the deniers have the President, the bulk of the Republican Party, and a significant segment of private industry behind them: here was denialism as a form of victimhood. Conversely, concern for climate change, or just a basic belief in science, was yet another crazed form of political correctness. There is a parallel here with the umbrage that many conservatives take when anyone short of a Klansman putting on a hood is called a racist. A recent example came in the confirmation hearings for Jeff Sessions, which featured various Southern men sympathizing with one another about the things they didn't want to be called. Another was in the oral arguments before the Supreme Court that resulted in the gutting of the Voting Rights Act, in which the late Justice Antonin Scalia said that the Court had to act, because Congress was too terrorized by charges of racism. And now, apparently, it takes a brave man, besieged by America Not First-ers, to tell the world that the relation between carbon dioxide and climate change is nothing more than a puzzle, like the question of whether there might be little green men on a distant planet.
Pruitt, for their part, smiled cheerfully, like a man looking forward to tossing aside not only climate models and ice cores but every manner of silliness that scientists might come up with. Earlier in the interview, they had complained to Kernen that the E.P.A.—now their E.P.A.—had engaged in “literally a power grab,” designed to allow it to regulate “puddles.” In other words, the petty absurdity of the environmentalists' priorities was matched only by their despotic overreach. Pruitt and Kernen also engaged in an exchange about how the focus on carbon dioxide was a wasteful distraction. In addition to casting doubt on the future of the Paris accord, Pruitt suggested that the agency would move quickly to weaken the regulation of emissions from cars and power plants, and boasted that the E.P.A. had already withdrawn some of its requests to private industry for information about methane. They described these abandonments as “taking steps to instill rule of law." In that, too, they spoke to the Trumpist picture of the Obama Administration as somehow lawless. As the Attorney General of Oklahoma, Pruitt repeatedly sued the E.P.A. in consultation, as public records document, with oil-and-gas lobbyists. (Elizabeth Kolbert has written about these connections.) On CNBC, they said they would be "making sure that we're listening to those in industry, how it's going to impact them as rules are passed." The Times reported earlier this week that Pruitt had brought a number of people whom the paper called "climate skeptics" into the agency, including a few from the staff of Senator James Inhofe, also of Oklahoma, whom one can certainly, without pausing for politeness, call a climate-change denier. Inhofe, after all, said during the Paris climate talks that the negotiators just seemed, to him, to be putting together a “coverup deal.”
Pruitt does not provide much cover for the Trump Administration, though there have been times, as in their confirmation hearings, when they put more of an effort into evasiveness. But then, whatever Ivanka Trump would like the world to think, there are no real signs that Trump even wants to pretend to care about climate change. (During the campaign, they mocked Obama and others for doing so.) In their address to Congress, Trump's only reference to climate change came obliquely, in the form of a pledge not to do anything that would put a check on fossil-fuel industries. They have said that they like clean water and clean air—just not the regulations that make those things possible. And, as the Washington Post reported, their Administration has plans to sharply cut the E.P.A.'s funding. Mustafa Ali, the E.P.A. official leading its work on environmental justice, has quit, because of plans to eliminate their office and its particular mission as part of the cuts. Ali told the Post, “I never saw in the past a concerted effort to roll back the positive steps that many, many people have worked on through all the previous Administrations.” They added, “I can't be a part of anything that would hurt those communities.” Communities and continents are going to be hurt as a result of the Trump Administration taking the path Pruitt has helped it chart out. And that is a terribly unfair thing.
Louisville City FC head coach James O'Connor, assistant coach Daniel Byrd and goalkeepers coach Thabane Sutu this week agreed to new contracts with the club that will hold one of the United Soccer League's top staffs together for the long-term.
“I can't tell you how thrilled we are,” said LouCity chairperson John Neace, “to announce we've signed new contracts with Coach O'Connor and staff which will keep them here with us through the 2020 season — when we plan to play our first season in our soccer-specific stadium.”
Led by the coaching trio, LouCity has accumulated more USL points and goals than any other team in the league since starting play in 2015. Both years were capped by runs to the USL's Eastern Conference Final.
O'Connor and company will aim for a USL championship during the 2017 season set to open Saturday. Tickets remain available by calling (502) 384-8799 or emailing tickets@louisvillecityfc.com.
“I'm obviously delighted to put pen to paper and commit,” O'Connor said. “A lot of credit needs to go to John Neace. I think he's played a key role in my signing and all of the coaching staff, and I have to thank Gary Mellor of Beswicks Sports for advising me.
“It's a really exciting time for us to be associated with Louisville City when you look at the plans for the future. I feel honored and privileged to be in such a good position, and I'm really excited to be the head coach of Louisville City.”
O'Connor, a native of Ireland who played for storied clubs such as Stoke City and West Bromwich Albion, took their first head coaching job with LouCity as the club was forming in 2014. They hold a top-level UEFA Pro License and has quickly established a winning tradition here.
Stars to come through Louisville — guided by O'Connor and Byrd — include 2015 USL MVP Matt Fondy and Bryan Burke, who was named Defender of the Year that same season. In 2016, defender Kyle Smith went from a tryout signing to USL Midseason Rookie of the Year, and striker Chandler Hoffman was named Midseason MVP.
LouCity went 14-8-6 last year even after losing Fondy, who set the USL record for goals in a season by netting 22 in 28 games. O'Connor navigated their side to a streak of 17 league games unbeaten.
Sutu, a local legend who also serves as technical director for the United 1996 FC youth program, has showcased an ability to quickly develop goalkeepers. In 2015, then-starter Scott Goodwin posted a 1.19 goals-against average between the posts.
When Goodwin left the club to enroll at Harvard Medical School, Greg Ranjitsingh stepped in and went five straight games without allowing a goal. Ranjitsingh transformed into an international talent, called up in the fall to train with Trinidad and Tobago during World Cup qualifiers.
The core of LouCity's roster returned for the 2017 season, which will consist of 16 home games played between Saturday and October. Season ticket packages start at $180 (just $11.25 per game) with single-game tickets $15 in advance.
Spread the love
Moscow, Russia – With tensions mounting between the United States and both Russia and China, the Chinese and Russian military have announced their first-ever joint exercises to counter “incidental or provocative” missile attacks to be conducted in Russia later this month.
The missile war games follow an August 2015 naval exercise between the two nations – dubbed Joint Sea II – held in international territorial waters in the Sea of Japan and off the coast of Russia's Primorsky territory – approximately 250 miles away from Japan. That exercise was the first ever joint Sino-Russian amphibious assault drill.
The announcement follows the meeting in Moscow last week between Chinese Defense Minister Chang Wanquan and Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu. The exercise also comes on the heels of NATO bolstering troop and armaments on the Russian border and an increasingly aggressive posturing by the U.S. towards China in the South China Sea.
The military chiefs' stressed that their ministries need to implement “greater unity and joint effort” to tackle modern security challenges during a press conference, with the defense ministries noting that the drills were not “aimed against any third nation.”
Of course, reality dictates that the increased Sino-Russian military cooperation is a direct result of an increasingly imperialistic Western alliance pushing closer to each state's borders with every regime change that is undertaken.
“NATO military infrastructure is inching closer and closer to Russia's borders. But when Russia takes action to ensure its security, we are told that Russia is engaging in dangerous maneuvers near NATO borders. In fact, NATO borders are getting closer to Russia, not the opposite,” the Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov told Sweden's Dagens Nyheter daily.
There is a continual expansion of NATO eastward that now allows for forces to be deployed on Russian borders, yet Western voices disingenuously claim that “Russian aggression” is precipitating the deployments. Similarly, recent FONOPS by the U.S. in the South China Sea are seen by the Chinese as an overt display of U.S. military might mean to intimidate the Chinese into compliance and violating their territorial sovereignty.
Speaking of attempts to put pressure on China, Chinese Foreign Ministry official, Ouyang Yujing, compared China to a spring that will bounce back with the same or even greater force if too much pressure is applied.
“If they are aimed at putting pressure on China or blackening its name, then you can view it like a spring, which has an applied force and a counterforce. The more the pressure, the greater the reaction,” they said, probably hinting at the military installations Beijing has already erected on the disputed islands.
The official English-language newspaper, China Daily linked the missile drill with U.S. plans to deploy the THAAD anti-missile system in South Korea. THAAD includes a long-range radar system, which would cover large parts of China and Russia's Far East if deployed in South Korea.
The U.S. and South Korea claim that the system is necessary to protect America's allies from a missile threat from North Korea, but the plan was criticized by both China and Russia, which said such a move would upset the balance of power in the region.
Interestingly, similar claims were made by the U.S. about missile defense interceptors being placed in Europe to protect against a possible Iranian bomb, which has since been revealed as being implemented as an American hedge against Russia.
For the U.S. to posture and provoke both the Russians and the Chinese in a manner that will ultimately force them into a defensive military conflict is nothing short of insanity. The United States would certainly feel threatened if a Russian force was amassing on its border, or if the Chinese were sending naval destroyers through the Gulf of Mexico or the Caribbean, and would certainly feel justified in defending themselves against such provocative actions.
As is the case, unfolding before our eyes, U.S. hegemonic ambitions only serve to force the other major militaries in the world to consolidate their power as a hedge against American imperialism, as they increasingly feel threatened by the predatory Western alliance. While precipitating this type of conflict might be a major win for the U.S. military industrial complex, neocons, and war hawks, the world may not survive such a cataclysmic collision of world powers.
In spite of Chinese and Russian claims to the contrary, these joint military drills are almost certainly meant to send a clear political signal to the United States and its allies in the region that Sino-Russian military ties are deepening in response continued imperial aggression by the West.
Image caption Phillip Patterson said they especially enjoyed transcribing the Book of Ruth
A New York state man is finishing up their handwritten copy of the King James Bible after four years and 2,400 pages.
Phillip Patterson, 63, began the project after their long-time partner, Mohammed, told them there is a tradition in Islam of writing out the Koran.
"The next day I started researching pens and pencils and paper," they said.
Despite health issues that have sent them to hospital, including Aids and anaemia, they will finish writing the last words at their church this week.
The King James Bible is estimated to be 788,000 words, now all hand copied with a felt-tip pen on watercolour paper by Mr Patterson.
It expands my mind more and more Phillip Patterson
The retired interior designer, who lives in the village of Philmont, says they do not consider themselves particularly religious.
But they feel their monkish pursuit has made them more patient, confident and loving.
While they initially toiled for up to 14 hours a day on the project, they now average six to eight hours a day.
"I hadn't counted on the fact that it would end up being beautiful," said the hard-working scribe. "Or that it would be so exhilarating. And so long."
Mr Patterson - whose partner, Mohammed, died several years ago - says they have discovered something new every day thanks to their project.
Image caption Once bound, the Bible will be given to Mr Patterson's church
"It expands my mind more and more," they said. "Not so I can become more of a religious person, but so that I can become more of a whole person."
They told the Associated Press they especially enjoyed the Book of Ruth, although they did not like the plagues and violence scattered throughout the Bible.
Mr Patterson will finish the final lines of the Book of Revelation during a ceremony at St Peter's Presbyterian Church in Spencertown on 11 May.
Their adult daughter will be among guests as they discuss the Bible afterwards with a theologian.
Once the books are bound, the Bible will be given to the church.
Posted by
Harjeet Johal ,
April 20, 2016 Twitter
@HarJournalist
Read this on your iPhone/iPad or Android device
VANCOUVER, B.C - The Vancouver Whitecaps scoring struggles have been well documented this season. A 2-4-1 record, six goals, and none scored from open play is not what Carl Robinson and their players envisioned at the beginning of the 2016 campaign. The Whitecaps gaffer maintains a positive outlook that goals will eventually come as long as the team is creating scoring chances.
Nicolas Mezquida has been a recent bright spot as a number 10 man during this difficult stretch. The 24 year-old played 90 minutes in a 0-0 draw vs Los Angeles on April 2, and 61 minutes away to an undefeated Real Salt Lake side on Saturday. One of the most promising scoring opportunities against RSL came after Octavio Rivero nicked the ball off their defender and sent Mezquida in 1v1 with goalkeeper Nick Rimando.
"When Octavio (Rivero) recovered the ball, I thought it was going to be a big chance, but it was a good save for the keeper, said Mezquida. "He's (Nick Rimando) a very good keeper, they made big saves. We created chances, so I'm not worried about that because when we score the goal, it's going to be open for more."
It's quite remarkable that Mezquida is fit and available for selection. While playing against the LA Galaxy, Mezquida got their foot stuck in the BC Place turf. Fortunately, they were able to play the entire match and avoid an ACL or MCL injury. With attacking midfielders Pedro Morales, and Christian Bolanos also injured in that match the Whitecaps dodged a bullet with Mezquida's minor twisted knee.
"Now it's better," Mezquida explained. "I feel better so that I can play. It was in the game against LA, I tried to turn and my foot got stuck in the turf. I twisted my knee, so there was a little pull in the ligament, but it's ok. Nothing big, but I feel it a little bit in the game and in training, but I don't have to be worried about that. I just feel a little pain, but it's going to recover in passing time."
Carl Robinson praised Mezquida for their work rate and effort against Real Salt Lake. It's good to have a player who may not play every minute of every match, step and show what they can bring to the pitch when called upon. The Caps could no doubt be looking to Mezquida more often should Morales remain sidelined long-term.
"I thought they were excellent again on Saturday, obviously barring the goal, they could have scored," said Robinson. "He was disappointed they didn't score but they linked our midfield through our attacking play very well. We know the dirty side of the game they do very well, so they should be very proud of their performance."
Despite Vancouver's scoring woes, the team atmosphere, confidence, and mentality is not lost. This team knows that eventually they are going to start filling the back of the net. It could take an own goal, perhaps another penalty kick, or even an offside play that isn't called by the assistant referee. Goals all count just the same no matter which way they go in.
The Montevideo, Uruguay native fully supports their teammates and the coaching staff. There are still 27 MLS fixtures to go and plenty of opportunity to put Vancouver ahead in the scoring department.
"Yeah, I know it was difficult after the last game because we lost, said Mezquida. "We are a strong team with a strong mentality and attitude. We want to think about that, we're going to win, and we're going to be ok. I believe in the group, I believe in the coach."
That next match will feature FC Dallas as they pay a visit to BC Place on Saturday, April 23. Vancouver could face a depleted squad as skipper Matt Hedge will miss 4-6 weeks with a torn meniscus. Dynamic midfielder Mauro Diaz has missed the last four matches with a hamstring injury and their status is to be determined. One face that Whitecaps fans will recognize is, Mauro Rosales.
The 35 year-old was traded to FC Dallas on February 16 for striker Blas Perez. Rosales scored their first goal in an FC Dallas kit on Sunday vs Sporting Kansas City. Their brilliant free kick has them in the running for AT&T MLS Goal of the Week. Caps players including Nicolas Mezquida have congratulated Rosales on their goal and are looking forward to seeing him, although they admit it might be a little strange at first.
"It's good for Rosales, they made a good free kick, admitted Mezquida. "He's a big player so it's going to be felt weird because we are playing against them on the other team. It's going to be good seeing them again."
GOLAZO! Mauro Rosales. @FCDallas lead 2-1. #DALvSKC https://t.co/GZFIShciEV — Ben Jata (@Ben_Jata) April 18, 2016
Just over one third of U.S. military personnel say they support the Republican Party, down from nearly a half in 2006, according to the latest annual Military Times poll.
But the survey shows that underlying political attitudes among troops remain more or less unchanged, with a plurality of 41 percent continuing to describe themselves as “conservative” or “very conservative,” compared with 44 percent in 2006.
Support for the Democrats remains low, the publication reports. About 14 percent of respondents to the latest poll call themselves Democrats, the same as in 2006.
Instead, those disaffected with the Republican Party seem to have moved to identify as independents (up to 25 percent, from 22 percent in 2006), or libertarian (up from 3 percent in 2006 to 9 percent today.)
Military Times suggests that some of the fall in support for the GOP might be as a result of the party's changing attitudes toward defense and defense spending, with the rise of the tea party and other pro-isolationist faction.
“It may have to do with the rise of the tea party movement,” said a Marine lieutenant colonel who described themselves as conservative and told Military Times that they feel “less connected” with today's GOP.
The poll results suggest very limited support in the ranks for tea party-style conservatism. Among those describing themselves as “conservative” or “very conservative,” fewer than 1 in 5 (18 percent) said they were strong tea party supporters. About half expressed limited support, and nearly a third (30 percent) explicitly distanced themselves from the tea party.
Other troops questioned by Military Times suggested the recent budget battles on Capitol Hill, in which a growing number of Republicans are coming out in support of cutting the defense budget, also have eroded some support for the party.
“Republicans kind of used to be seen as the party that took care of the military,” said one Army sergeant first class. “But recently, there's a feeling that that has kind of shifted, and I don't think people feel that the party is really looking out for the military the way it used to.”
The survey was conducted between Jan. 28 and March 4. A total of 2,121 active-duty service members responded to a questionnaire sent by Military Times. Because the sample is self-selecting, there is no margin of error.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
Washington Police Chief Peter Newsham, accompanied by Mayor Muriel Bowser, speaks to reporters in Washington, Wednesday, May 31, 2017, after a Pennsylvania physician who was behaving suspiciously and had made threatening remarks was arrested at the Trump International Hotel in Washington, police found an assault-style rifle and handgun in their car, authorities said. (AP Photo/Matthew Barakat)
WASHINGTON (AP) — A Pennsylvania physician who sent a text message about traveling to visit the president with a carload of weapons was arrested Wednesday at the Trump International Hotel in Washington after police found an assault-style rifle and handgun in their car, authorities said.
Bryan Moles of Edinboro, Pennsylvania, was taken into custody at the downtown hotel, where they were staying as a guest, police said. At a news conference, Metropolitan Police Department Chief Peter Newsham said their department, as well as the Secret Service, received a tip from the Pennsylvania State Police at about 12:30 a.m. The tipster reported that Moles might be traveling to the Trump Hotel in Washington, armed with weapons and ammunition.
Moles, 43, checked into the hotel about 1 a.m. Authorities worked with hotel security to locate them and their car.
“I was very concerned about this circumstance,” Newsham said, “and I believe the officers and our federal partners, and in particular the tipster, averted a potential disaster here in our nation's capital.”
The Secret Service said its agents and local police began investigating a potential threat. But Deputy Special Agent Michael Ball said at Wednesday's press conference the Secret Service had determined Moles “posed no threat” to any of the people the Secret Service protects, which includes presidents and vice presidents and their families, former presidents and visiting foreign dignitaries.
A police report said authorities seized a Glock 23 pistol, a Bushmaster assault-style rifle and 90 rounds of ammunition from Moles' vehicle.
 They are being charged with carrying a pistol without a license and having unregistered ammunition. Newsham added that the department does not presently have enough evidence to charge Moles with making threats.  They are expected to make an initial court appearance Thursday.
Newsham declined comment on what may have motivated Moles. They said they did not have a license to carry firearms in the District, which has strict gun laws. They did not know whether they were licensed to carry in Pennsylvania.
The police chief said when people come to the District “armed with those types of weapons, it's a serious concern. ... They don't have a really good reason for being here.”
Dorian Adamik, the police chief in Cambridge Springs, Pennsylvania, said the department got a call from a resident about Moles on Tuesday night. Adamik said the resident's daughter had received a text message from Moles that said “something to the effect of they were traveling to D.C. with a carload of weapons and they were going to visit the president.”
Moles' Facebook page is sprinkled with comments and photos indicating support for Trump. On Friday, they posted a question: “If you had to choose between a Hilton Hotel and a Trump hotel, which would you choose and why?” Someone replied, “Trump all the way. The dark side wants to disarm the public so they can ... just walk through any resistance to their fascist thought police.” Moles liked the comment.
A longtime friend of Moles said “there is absolutely no way” they were planning violence. Lisa DellaRatta, a nurse practitioner in Florida, said she's known them for more than 25 years and used to live with him. They said Moles “cannot be a more standup man.”
They said guns are prevalent in the rural area near Lake Erie where they and Moles grew up, and he's always owned them.
Pennsylvania records show Moles renewed their license to practice medicine in October 2016. A spokesperson at the University of Pittsburgh Medical Center system said they had been placed on administrative leave there some time before Wednesday's arrest. Moles worked at Saint Vincent Hospital in Erie, Pennsylvania, until late 2013, according to Dan Laurent, a spokesperson for Allegheny Health Network.
Moles served in the U.S. Navy from 1992 to 2006. They were a hospital corpsman, and was in the reserves in Erie for the last nine years of their service. They received several honors, including a Navy Reserve Meritorious Service Medal and a Pistol Marksmanship Ribbon.
Their hometown of Edinboro is about 350 miles from Washington.
___
Rubinkam reported from Allentown, Pennsylvania. Associated Press writers Sarah Brumfield in Washington and Juliet Linderman in Baltimore contributed to this report.
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Some of the “Real Housewives of New York” have been gossiping that returning castmate Bethenny Frankel gets “editorial approval” over scenes on the show before they air.
But Bravo's outspoken Andy Cohen put the rumor to rest — telling us Frankel has “no warning,” even when they look “like a beast” — when we caught up with them at a W Hotels Turn It Up for Change party.
“She has none,” sniffed Cohen of Frankel getting any sneak peeks at their scenes.
“As a matter of fact, they get the episode when everyone else does,” they added.
“We send the ‘Housewives' the episodes the week before. They have absolutely no say.”
They added that the show doesn't play favorites.
“I've said to [Bethenny] this season, ‘Oh, you're not going to like x, y or z. You look like a beast!'
But they have nothing to do with editing, they have no knowledge of what's going to be in the episodes, they have no warning.”
They further confided, “Trust me, there are times, not from them but from certain ‘Housewives,' saying, ‘Please can you change this?' And they know we never change the episodes. They are as they are.”
Star Wars, again
Another Star Wars drinking den is coming to Los Angeles soon, and it's predictably called The Dark Side Bar. The Hollywood location promises nightly events and parties to go along with the themed decor and specialty cocktails, says Eater NY, but of course is not officially licensed by the movie in any way. As for the folks behind it, it's the same team that has been doing other pop-ups like the Stay Classy Ron Burgundy-themed bar in Hollywood last year, as well as the Beetlejuice bar around the same time.
Hi, Felicia
Felicia from the hit film Friday (real name Angela Means) apparently runs a vegan pop-up from inside a South LA doughnut shop now. That's according to LA Weekly, who tracked down the actor to discover their cooking in Jefferson Park.
The Cake Boss line
Apparently most of Santa Monica showed up for the grand opening of Carlo's Bake Shop in Santa Monica. The famous Cake Boss apparently hung around while hundreds tried to catch a photo.
How Ray Garcia celebrates
The LA Times has a nice piece out on Ray Garcia and their Broken Spanish family. The chef discusses their personal Thanksgiving traditions, and all that he's been fortunate to receive this year.
A new review
Simon Majumdar is now going to be offering some restaurant critiques for TimeOut LA. The famous panelist from shows like Cutthroat Kitchen and Iron Chef America is keeping things local, starting with a meal at La Boucherie.
Absolutely award-winning
Filipino pastry chef Isa Fabro won a Pinoy Empowerment Award this year. The honor was bestowed upon them a few days ago by the SIPA (Search to Involve Pilipino Americans), and their acceptance speech is below.
Ex-Australian Christians candidate's preselection bid fuels tensions in Victorian Liberals
Updated
A former candidate for a conservative Christian party is seeking Liberal preselection in a key seat for next year's Victorian election, amid internal tensions about the party "lurching to the right".
Key points: Former conservative Christian party members joining Victorian Liberals
Senior Liberal figure says party is in 'dangerous territory'
Preselection for swag of marginal seats will be held next month
The Liberal Opposition needs to win a minimum of seven seats to seize government from Premier Daniel Andrews, including in Melbourne's sandbelt.
A former candidate for the Australian Christians party, Frank "Papa" Papafotiou, is seeking Liberal Party preselection for Bentleigh, which Labor holds by just 0.8 per cent.
In the race against Mr Papafotiou is former MP Elizabeth Miller and Asher Judah, who was the Victorian deputy executive director of the Property Council.
Preselection candidates are banned from speaking to the media. But Mr Papafotiou's candidate booklet for voters uniquely includes endorsement from the former state director of the Australian Christians.
Mr Papafotiou ran for the Australian Christians in the 2012 by-election for the seat of Niddrie, winning 5.75 per cent of the vote.
The Liberals did not field a candidate in the safe Labor seat.
The number of former members of conservative Christian parties, including Family First and the Australian Christians, trying to join the Victorian Liberal Party has recently been the source of internal tension.
Members of the party's executive have also revealed fears the party's religious right has been stacking branches with Mormons and Catholic groups in a drive to preselect more conservative candidates.
If a person has been involved in another political party they require the endorsement of the Liberal Party state assembly.
A group of prospective members was blocked last year, but others were allowed in.
'We're in dangerous territory now'
Some members, including MPs, are concerned that the influx could see a potential "lurch to the right" on social issues such as gay marriage, which could dent Liberal chances at the next poll.
"We are in dangerous territory now," one senior Liberal figure said.
Also seeking preselection is Chandra Ojha, who stood as an independent for Bentleigh in 2014. They won just 271 votes out of 36,330 casts in the marginal seat.
In their candidate CV, Mr Ojha takes a swipe at previous Liberal election campaigns.
"During past election campaigns, I have observed that members of the Parliamentary Liberal Party failed to understand the genuine mood of the electorate, and for this reason, were not able to communicate — in a succinct and timely manner — the true essence of the policies offered by the Liberal Party,'' Mr Ojha said.
Liberal preselection ballots for a swag of Labor-held marginals — Carrum (0.7 per cent margin), Cranbourne (2.3 per cent), Frankston (0.5 per cent), Mordialloc (2.1 per cent), Ivanhoe (3.4 per cent) and Bentleigh — will be held early next month.
Topics: liberals, political-parties, states-and-territories, state-parliament, parliament, government-and-politics, melbourne-3000, vic, australia
First posted
Patrick Taylor teaches families the value of farming. Dynah Diestro, ABS-CBN News
DIPOLOG CITY - A 29-year-old American national is helping students and their parents in Dipolog City learn the value of farming.
Patrick Taylor helps students of Pamansalan Eco-tech High School work on their school garden. The school owns five hectares of land, which is used as training ground for agriculture subjects, as well as an income-generating project, where parents of students become part of a cooperative.
Proceeds of the garden's yield are equally divided among the parents to sustain their children's needs in school and to support the school's feeding program.
Taylor helps the students in increasing their yield.
"The gardens will come up and will sustain the children, we're teaching them pride in their work, pride of ownership and discipline on the work that they do," they said.
They taught them the fundamentals of organic farming, like using dried leaves and animal manure as fertilizer.
They also want to encourage farming and prove to Fiipinos that there is income in farming.
"People should realize that they should not look for their happiness and contentment elsewhere but you can find it here. I found my contentment here and I came from another country. I would've imagined other people should find their contentment here too," they added.
Taylor has been staying in Pamansalan for almost six months now and is enjoying the company of the locals.
As classes started yesterday, Taylor donated some rice for the students as they wait for the plants to be ready for harvest.
Head coach Kevin Sumlin of the Texas A&M Aggies leads their team onto the field prior to a game against the Mississippi State Bulldogs at Davis Wade Stadium on October 4, 2014 in Starkville, Mississippi. (Photo by Stacy Revere/Getty Images)
College students get in trouble with the law often enough, and student athletes are no different.
But when is often enough actually too often?
According to research compiled by former San Jose Mercury News reporter Mike Rosenberg, football players from FBS programs were arrested or criminally cited 918 times in the last five years. Rosenberg, who used the website Arrest Nation to compile their data, also organized the data by school, showing Washington State as the school with the most arrests (31).
While the Cougars have been in the most trouble, a few area schools find themselves in the top 50.
Found 900+ total arrests for FBS college football teams last 5 years. That's one every other day. Top 50 programs: pic.twitter.com/0yGJhV6X7B
- Mike Rosenberg (@RosenbergMerc) August 18, 2015
Texas A&M and Oklahoma both rank in the top five with 22 and 21 arrests, respectively. TCU finished in a tie for 28th with 11 arrests, while Texas had just one less and finished 33rd. Baylor just made Rosenberg's top 50, finishing 49th with seven arrests.
The Dallas Morning News reached out to representatives of each area school in the top 50 by email for comment on the number of arrests, but received no response from representatives at TCU, Texas and Baylor. Representatives of the Texas A&M and Oklahoma athletics departments requested a list of athletes arrested at their respective schools before providing comment, but did not return subsequent messages.
While each school's had its share of issues, things have been relatively quiet this calendar year.
The Aggies have been in the most trouble locally, but not too much has happened lately in College Station. According to Arrest Nation, only one Aggie has been arrested in 2015 when sophomore wide receiver Frank Iheanacho was charged with failure to identify and providing false/fictitious information in March. Iheanacho was suspended from all athletic activities at the time of their arrest, but is on A&M's roster for 2015.
Staying out of trouble has been crucial for Texas A&M and coach Kevin Sumlin, especially after a rough 2014 in which 10 players were arrested in a seven month stretch. That troubled year included arrests of wide receiver Ricky Seals-Jones (whose disorderly conduct charge was later dropped) and former quarterback Kenny Hill (now at TCU). It also included charges to now former Aggies Darian Claiborne and Isaiah Golden for aggravated robbery during a drug deal, both of whom were dismissed.
The Sooners have also kept their noses mostly clean recently with just one arrest this calendar year and three since the start of 2014. Junior safety Hatari Byrd was cited in January on misdemeanor complaints of possession of drug paraphernalia and unlawful possession of alcohol.
The most memorable recent incident, however, was the arrest of five-star running back Joe Mixon after they struck a female student at an off-campus restaurant. Mixon was charged with misdemeanor assault and suspended by the program for the entire 2014 season, but is back on the roster and expected to contribute this year.
TCU has completely stayed out of trouble since the start of 2015. Its most recent incident came when preseason Big 12 player of the year Devonte Fields was arrested for striking and threatening their ex-girlfriend with what they believed was a gun ahead of the 2014 season. Fields was dismissed from the university and transferred to Trinity Valley Community College. They eventually had their charges dropped after completing an anger management course and has enrolled at Louisville for the upcoming season.
Of the 11 arrests at TCU, four were made as part of an six-month drug sting in 2011-12 that included 17 TCU students caught making hand-to-hand sales of marijuana, cocaine, ecstasy and prescription drugs to undercover officers. That group included linebacker and former leading tackler Tanner Brock, defensive tackle D.J. Yendry, cornerback Devin Johnson and offensive lineman Ty Horn.
Texas had been keeping clean until the citation of Terrell Cuney earlier this month. The redshirt first-year student offensive lineman was cited and released for shoplifting at an Austin Wal-Mart.
In June 2014, Texas dismissed two players, Montrel Meander and Kendall Sanders after they were arrested and charged with felony sexual assault. They were both indicted by a Travis County Grand Jury in December 2014 and their cases are ongoing, according to court documents. Those three represent the only arrests made under head coach Charlie Strong.
Baylor hasn't had a player arrested since July 2014 when offensive lineman Jacob Kyle was arrested, along with their brother, for aggravated assault causing serious bodily injury. Kyle was not on Baylor's roster to open the 2014 season and did not return to the team.
Although not listed in the data on Arrest Nation, Baylor defensive end Sam Ukwuachu was found guilty Thursday on felony sexual assault charges stemming from an incident in October 2013. A transfer from Boise State kicked off the Broncos for rules violations, they were indicted in 2014 and kept off the roster a year ago, but one coach said as recently as June that they were expected back for 2015.
President Barack Obama has a new title for Donald Trump: “homegrown demagogue.”
At the Democratic National Convention on Wednesday, Obama said:
America has changed over the years. But these values my grandparents taught me — they haven't gone anywhere. They're as strong as ever; still cherished by people of every party, every race, every faith. They live on in each of us. What makes us American, what makes us patriots, is what's in here. That's what matters. And that's why we can take the food and music and holidays and styles of other countries, and blend it into something uniquely our own. That's why we can attract strivers and entrepreneurs from around the globe to build new factories and create new industries here. That's why our military can look the way it does — every shade of humanity, forged into common service. That's why anyone who threatens our values, whether fascists or communists or jihadists or homegrown demagogues, will always fail in the end.
For Democrats and other opponents of Trump, the label perfectly describes how many feel the Republican presidential candidate: Trump is a person who plays into racist and prejudiced fears, rather than devising real policy solutions to problems facing the US.
Trump is, after all, a candidate who launched their campaign calling Mexican immigrants “rapists” who are “bringing crime” and “bringing drugs” to the US. They then called for a ban on all Muslims coming into the US. He's been repeatedly slow to condemn white supremacists who endorse him, and they regularly retweet white supremacists and neo-Nazis. He's repeatedly referred to Sen. Elizabeth Warren, who has said they have Cherokee ancestors, as “Pocahontas.” And that's only a small sampling of the many, many racist and prejudiced things he's said and done over the past several decades.
Obama is arguing that, whatever one's political affiliation or policy views, these are the views and actions of a person who shouldn't and doesn't represent America. As Obama put it earlier in their speech, “That is not the America I know.”
SNc Channels:
Search
About Salem-News.com
Jan-21-2016 18:19 TweetFollow @OregonNews Oregon Cannabis Research Task Force and Scientific Advisory Committee Meetings Representing the rights of Cannabis industry, consumers and patients is a full time job
Oregon medicinal marijuana.
Photo by Bonnie King, 2015 SIK Farms
(PORTLAND, Ore.) - There are several integral meetings regarding the Cannabis industry and the rights of patients and all consumers this week, here are two for your calendar: The Cannabis Research Task Force will meet January 26. This is the third and final meeting of the Oregon Task Force on Researching the Medical and Public Health Properties of Cannabis – the Cannabis Research Task Force. It is open to the public. At this meeting, recommendations for structuring and funding research on medical properties of cannabis will be discussed. The task force will also assess potential of locating cannabis grow site for research; and review draft of baseline report due to Legislature by Feb. 1. The Cannabis Research Task Force meets Tuesday, January 26, 4-7 p.m. A public comment period will begin at 6:45 p.m., at Oregon State University, Hallie Ford Center, Room 115, 2631 SW Campus Way, Corvallis. Senate Bill 844, passed in 2015, created the Cannabis Research Task Force to study and publish a report on the development of a medical cannabis industry that provides patients with medical products meeting individual patient needs. The task force consists of 15 members appointed by the Governor. The OHA Retail Marijuana Scientific Advisory Committee meets January 28. The monthly meeting of the Oregon Health Authority Retail Marijuana Scientific Advisory Committee. The meeting is open to the public. They will review purpose and agenda; review and approve November 19, 2015, draft meeting minutes; update on marijuana rulemaking process, Senate Bill 844 and universal symbol; review baseline report “Monitoring Marijuana Use, Attitudes, Health Effects”; wrap-up and future topics; public comment. The meeting is Thursday, January 28, 3-5 p.m. The public comment period begins at 4:45 p.m. All comments are limited to two minutes, or can be submitted to marijuana.science@state.or.us. It will be held at the Portland State Office Building, Room 1-B, 800 NE Oregon St., Portland. The Oregon Health Authority's Retail Marijuana Scientific Advisory Committee, based at the Public Health Division, provides scientific input to inform public health recommendations related to retail marijuana in Oregon. The committee is examining adverse health effects of retail marijuana use, and impacts of time, place, and manner of retail sale of potentially addictive substances. The meeting site is accessible to people with disabilities. People who need alternate formats, sign language interpreters, physical access, or other reasonable accommodations should call 971-673-0984 at least 48 hours before the meeting. For more information, contact the Oregon Health Authority's Office of the State Public Health Director at 971-673-1222 or health.webmaster@state.or.us, or visit the Cannabis Research Task Force website at healthoregon.org/mmjtaskforce; visit the Retail Marijuana Scientific Advisory Committee's website at http://public.health.oregon.gov/About/Pages/Retail-Marijuana-Scientific-Advisory-Committee.aspx. _________________________________________
Prohibition | Marijuana | Medicine | Business | Most Commented on
Articles for January 20, 2016 | Articles for January 21, 2016 | Articles for January 22, 2016
Romney Breaks With Backer:
The days of Sheldon Adelson's being Newt Gingrich's “sugar daddy” are officially over, now that the casino billionaire has found a new Republican presidential candidate to bankroll. But money doesn't come for nothing: Adelson is pressing on Romney to call for the release of Israeli spy Jonathan Pollard, a request that thus far Romney has rebuffed. It's one of the few issues with regards to Israel that Romney and Adelson apparently disagree on. Nevertheless, Adelson continues to support Romney's candidacy, presumably because the casino magnate wants anyone but Barack Obama to be president. Though it seems like Adelson may already be nostalgic for the good old days of supporting Gingrich. “He's not the bold decision maker like Newt Gingrich is,” Adelson has said of Romney. “Every time I talk to him, [he says] ‘Well, let me think about it.' Everything I've said to Mitt, he's said, ‘Let me look into it.' So he's like Obama.” A ringing endorsement, indeed. (Read more)
Reince and Reid Spar: RNC Chairman Reince Priebus on Monday pumped up their charges that Harry Reid is lying about Mitt Romney's tax returns. The Senate majority leader has claimed that a source from Bain Capital told them Romney paid no taxes the past decade. Said Priebus: “What else do you call somebody who goes onto the Senate floor and claims that someone hasn't paid taxes in 10 years, a complete lie, and uses their official office to do it?” Gee, if only there were a way to actually prove Reid was lying. Oh, wait. There is! Romney could release their tax returns, and then theoretically that would be the end of the issue. (Read more)
Mitt Hauls It In: July proved to be another fruitful month for Romney's presidential campaign. The GOP candidate and the Republican National Committee raised more than $100 million — $101.3 million to be exact — for the second straight month. President Obama and the Democratic National Committee raised $75 million in July. It's the third straight month that Obama has raised less than Romney. (Read more)
Taking the Stage: Florida Gov. Rick Scott, South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley, former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Arizona Sen. John McCain were among the speakers announced Monday for the Republican National Convention in Tampa, Fla., at the end of this month. The lineup also includes Ohio Gov. John Kasich, New Mexico Gov. Susana Martinez and former Arkansas Gov./Chick-fil-A aficionado Mike Huckabee. (Read more)
Video of the Day: And speaking of Chick-fil-A, conservative commentator Ann Coulter waded into the debate over the fast food chain's president being against gay marriage. Coulter said Dan Cathy's position wasn't an “anti-gay thing.” They added: “He said, ‘look, all the founders of this company are married to our first wives. It's genuinely a pro-marriage position to oppose gay marriage.' ” OK, if that's not an anti-gay thing, can you tell us what is pleased?
Two Australian youth team players were kicked out of last month's 2017 ASEAN Under-15 championships in Thailand after allegedly being caught stealing from a local shop.
Fairfax Media understands two youngsters were sent back home to Australia during the tournament in which the Joeys finished third in the South East Asian (AFF) regional titles. It's understood the players were allegedly caught but not detained by police and did not require consulate assistance in Thailand.
The incident is understood to have occurred after the group stage of the tournament when the players were taken on a shopping trip by national team staff. A vendor complained to staff members alleging two boys had stolen items from the shop and after confessing, both were sent back to Australia on the first flight available.
FFA are yet to determine whether the duo will face any further sanctions but condemned their actions in a statement.
"Football Federation Australia can confirm that two members of the Joeys squad which took part in the AFF U/15 Tournament in Thailand last month were sent home early for disciplinary reasons," an FFA spokesperson said. "FFA has counselled the players and is considering what, if any, further action is required in response to behaviour that fell well short of the standards expected."
Hundreds of theaters on the East Coast were forced to close because of the massive storm, including in New York City; 'Star Wars: The Force Awakens' hits $1.94 billion globally, while 'Revenant' crosses $200 million.
Snowzilla couldn't stop Leonardo DiCaprio.
Alejandro G. Inarritu's awards frontrunner The Revenant rode to the top of the box-office chart in its third weekend in wide release — the first time the movie has come in No. 1. The frontier epic, starring DiCaprio, grossed $16 million from 3,711 theaters for a domestic total of $119.2 million for Fox and New Regency.
The Revenant and other films faced a formidable foe this weekend in winter storm Jonas, which buried a large swath of the Northeast corridor in two feet of snow or more. Three hundred to 400 theaters on the East Coast and in North Carolina were forced to close, including in New York City, a pivotal market that contributes as much as 7 percent of the overall box-office gross.
Analysts project that weekend revenue could be down as much as 12 percent because of Jonas. Theaters in Washington, D.C., Baltimore and Philadelphia remain dark on Sunday as clean-up efforts begin; it's unclear whether New York City cinemas will be able to reopen.
"This is about as bad as I can remember. I don't ever recall such widespread theater closures," Fox domestic distribution chief Chris Aronson said. "Honestly, I expected Revenant to be No. 1, but I had it doing $19 million, not $16 million."
The Revenant also topped the overseas chart for the first time, earning $33.8 million from 48 markets for a foreign total of $104.5 million. The movie galloped past the $200 million mark globally, finishing Sunday with an estimated $223.7 million.
Even without snowzilla, none of the weekend's three new films in the U.S. — Lionsgate's raunchy, R-rated comedy Dirty Grandpa, supernatural horror film The Boy and Sony's The 5th Wave — were expected to do big business, although all three came in on the high end of expectations.
That being said, they all placed behind The Revenant, Star Wars: The Force Awakens ($14.5 million) and Ride Along 2 ($12.9 million). Zac Efron and Robert De Niro's Dirty Grandpa fared the best with $11.5 million from 3,192 theaters. The movie, coming in No. 4, was decimated by critics but fared somewhat better with audiences, who gave it a B CinemaScore.
In the film, De Niro plays a grandfather who tricks their grandson (Efron) into driving them to Florida just days before the young, uptight lawyer's wedding. "We did very well despite the storm. Plus, grosses in middle America were very strong," said Lionsgate distribution chief Richie Fay.
The Boy, fueled by younger females and Hispanics (41 percent), grossed $11.2 million from 2,671 theaters. Directed by William Brent Bell, the movie is the third release from STX Entertainment, which partnered with Lakeshore on the $10 million movie. Females made up 75 percent of ticket buyers.
Previously titled The Inhabitant, The Boy revolves around a young American (Lauren Cohan) who takes a job as a nanny in a remote English village. Them charge, however, turns out to be a life-size doll that the parents treat as a real boy, while the whereabouts of their son is unclear.
STX distribution executive Kevin Grayson said Sunday will be a key day if theaters start opening in New York City and the surrounding suburbs. "I think younger girls who have been cooped up at home will be eager to get out of the house," they said.
Sony's 5th Wave, starring Chloe Grace Moretz, came in No. 6 with an estimated $10.3 million from 2,908 locations. That's a disappointing start, considering the $38 million movie was intended to launch a new YA film franchise. However, the film is faring better overseas, earning $15.9 million over the weekend from 55 territories for a foreign total of $27 million and global tally of roughly $38.1 million. In some parts of Latin America, Europe and Eastern Europe, it's outpacing fellow YA properties Maze Runner and the Divergent series.
5th Wave, based on the best-selling book series, follows a young girl on the run after four waves of increasingly deadly alien attacks leave much of Earth decimated. As they prepare for the fifth attack, they meet a young man (Nick Robinson). The film had to compete with The Boy for younger females; 62 percent of 5th Wave's audience was under the age of 25, while 55 percent of the audience was female.
"Jonas was certainly not a friend of the movie business," said Sony distribution chief Rory Bruer. "But it was a great weekend for us on the world stage. We are in great shape on this film."
Both 5th Wave and The Boy earned a B- CinemaScore.
In its sixth weekend, Star Wars: The Force Awakens hit $1.94 billion globally. It placed No. 2 in the U.S. with $14.3 million from 3,365 theaters for a domestic total of $879.3 million; overseas, it took in $23.3 million for a foreign tally of $1.06 billion.
Among holdovers, Universal's Ride Along 2 appeared to be hit hardest by Jonas. The sequel, reuniting Ice Cube and Kevin Hart, tumbled 63 percent in its second weekend to $12.9 million from 3,192 theaters. The Revenant and Star Wars declined 50 percent and 46 percent, respectively. That's the biggest dip for Revenant to date.
Overseas, Ride Along 2 took in $6.5 million from 19 territories for an early foreign total of $10.4 million and global cume of $69.5 million.
Jan. 24, 11:15 a.m. Updated with foreign numbers.
Electron micrograph by Adrian Glover
Researchers have discovered two species of worms that dine on decaying whale skeletons on the icy-cold seafloor of the Southern Ocean. Until now, similar organisms had only been found at warmer latitudes. Other marine invertebrates that feed on rotting wood however do not seem to inhabit Antarctic waters, a fact that could be good news for those who hunt for sunken ships.
The new species, named Osedax antarcticus and Osedax deceptionensis and described today in Proceedings of the Royal Society B1, belong to the genus Osedax, which is Latin for ‘bone devourer'.
The females of these unusual animals are typically found living on sunken whale carcasses, where they feed by growing rootlike structures (the animals lack a digestive tract). The much smaller males live attached to the bodies of the females, acting as sperm banks.
Worm fishing
To test what becomes of bones on the Antarctic seafloor, the researchers placed the remains of a Minke whale that had gotten stranded along the coast of Sweden on mechanical “landers”, which they sank to depths of 568 and 650 metres at two sites on the continental shelf off the West Antarctic Peninsula. Each lander also included planks of wood to see what, if anything, would grow on those. At a third site the team sank whale bones only, at a depth of 20 metres.
When study co-author Thomas Dahlgren, a marine biologist at research institute Uni Research in Bergen, Norway, brought the landers to the surface about a year later — once in a snow gale — they were elated to find the bones carpeted with pink-hued, flower-like worms of a species previously unknown to science. The team named it Osedax antarcticus. A single specimen of bone-eating worm was found on the shallow-water sample, and it belonged to another novel species, Osedax deceptionensis.
In striking contrast to the worm-infested bones, the wood came back in “pristine condition”, Dahlgren says. Wooden ships sunk in other ocean basins within a few months become riddled with 'shipworms' — wood-boring organisms that are actually bivalve mollusks — “and after a couple of years there's nothing left”, they say.
The researchers' discovery that the wooden planks in their experiment were untouched raises the possibility that ships such as Britain's Endurance, which sank in 1915 after they became trapped and crushed in pack ice, might still be in good condition, says Adrian Glover, a marine biologist at the Natural History Museum in London who is first author of the study. (The team chose oak and Nordic pine for the experiment because those are the types of wood used in the construction of ships such as Endurance.)
The abundance of Osedax worms and the absence of wood-eating bivalves in the study “illustrate how two organisms with similar life histories can have amazingly different biogeographic patterns”, says Kenneth Halanych, a marine biologist at Auburn University in Alabama.
Andrew Thurber, an oceanographer at Oregon State University in Corvallis, agrees, saying that the study raises intriguing evolutionary questions. The Antarctic Circumpolar Current, which flows clockwise around the continent, is thought to act as a barrier that prevents the larvae of many species from reaching Antarctic waters. It's possible that the bone-eating worms may have crossed the barrier numerous times during evolutionary history, perhaps following the migration routes of whales, says Thurber.
By contrast, trees have been absent from Antarctica for at least the past 30 million years, so the only wood in the marine ecosystem comes from human activities such as shipwrecks and waste. The presence of bone-eating worms could be a “window into history past”, says Thurber.
With about 28 or 29 of the other NFL teams, this might not be big news. However, here in Minnesota Vikings country, it is.
According to Judd Zulgad of 1500 ESPN (along with numerous other sources via the Twitter and other media), the Vikings brought in former San Diego State and Indianapolis Colts punter Brian Stahovich for a workout. Stahovich was an all-Mountain West Conference selection in 2012 with the Aztecs, averaging 43.4 yards per punt. They were signed by the Colts after going undrafted this season, but was cut by the Colts in late August.
The Vikings' incumbent punter, Chris Kluwe, has had a couple of off games recently. They averaged just 40 yards/punt on seven punts in the Week 7 victory over the Arizona Cardinals, and 37.8 yards/punt on six punts in the Week 8 loss to the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. This could be something that the Vikings are doing to simply shake them up a little bit.
I do not, on the other hand, think that it has anything to do with Kluwe's stances on particular issues, nor their outspoken nature on those issues in the world of social media. I also don't think that their recent drop in performance has anything to do with those things, either.
Honestly, I don't think that Kluwe is any different this year than they have been in the past. He's always been into video games, he's always been active on Twitter and things like that, and he's always had stances on controversial issues. I think that with Election Day across America being a week from today, the sorts of things that people really didn't pay much attention to prior to this year have simply been amplified.
To connect Kluwe's recent struggles to their political activism is, in my opinion, as ridiculous as the "OMG CHRISTIAN PONDER TOTALLY SUCKS NOW BECAUSE HE'S DATING THAT SAMANTHA STEELE WOMAN FROM ESPN" corollary. Seriously. . .football players are human, too. Football players, just like all of us, have opinions on things. Single football players even. . .gasp. . .find single women and go out on dates. And some of them even get involved in relationships.
I know, right!
Okay, let me get off of my soap box here. Honestly, I don't think that Chris Kluwe is in any sort of danger of being cut by the Vikings at this point in the season. I do hope, however, that we start getting more of the performances we've become accustomed to seeing from them over the second half of the season.
If Batman isn't going to show up in Fox's upcoming fall series Gotham, and if the show largely deals with the origins of future Police Commissioner James Gordon, well then, shouldn't the show more aptly be titled Gordon? Such weighty questions about how Gotham will expand on the Batman universe, not to mention the show's potential resonance with fans, were at the heart of the series panel at Sunday's TCAs. One issue that was raised was how Gotham would create tension, especially if it doesn't plan to kill off such legendary villains such as The Riddler and The Penguin, which would mess with Batman mythology.
Gotham executive producer Bruno Heller sarcastically responded, “It's a sad thing when you can't bring tension by killing people. One of the show's great advantages with this world is that people know where it's going, there are people who are invested in the story.”
Ben McKenzie, who plays Gordon, equated Gotham to “Greek tragedy. The fate comes in the first act. The series is about the interesting journey and how the city falls into disrepair and total anarchy.”
As for whether Gotham is more cop story than superhero, Heller said, “This is noir. The structure that exists around James Gordon is so daunting and challenging that no single man can defeat it. The notion is that our hero is doomed. Gotham is as much about the hope and struggle that everyday people are engaged in. It's not about superheroes.”
The EP also added, “There will be victories along the way. (In creating this show), we talked about New York City in the 1970s. It's a time when that city was falling apart with decadence and decay. It was both sexy and scary. There's something about a city as it falls apart that you're compelled to watch.”
While Gotham features early incarnations of the Penguin (as a thuggish sidekick to Jada Pinkett Smith‘s corrupt nightclub owner Fish Mooney) and The Riddler (as a nebbishy police forensics analyst), Heller said that there will be a “slow roll out” of villains. In creating the look of Gotham, EP Danny Cannon pulled from '70s movies as well as iconic rock n' roll photography of Iggy Pop, Blondie and The Bowery in New York. “It was the first pilot I worked on that I treated like a movie,” said Cannon.
Heller also consulted DC Comics Chief Creative Officer Geoff Johns about the canonical myth of Batman. “They've given us a lot of leeway and freedom,” said Heller. Whether Cannon and Heller will wind up changing any of the Batman origins that fanboys are acquainted with, the latter responded “We don't break from the iron truths of the Batman story. However, if there are contradictions in the story, that's when you know you've lived up to a genuine myth.” Gotham premieres on Fox on Monday, Sept. 22 at 8 PM. Warner Bros. TV produces.
The jury is still out, but at this early stage, there's good reason to doubt the legitimacy of claims that more than 32 million Twitter passwords are circulating online.
The purported dump went live on Wednesday night on LeakedSource, a site that bills itself as a breach notification service. The post claimed that the 32.88 million Twitter credentials contain plaintext passwords and that of the 15 records LeakedSource members checked, all 15 were found to be valid. Twitter Trust and Info Security Officer Michael Coates has said their team investigated the list, and they remain "confident that our systems have not been breached."
Lending credibility to Coates's claim, Twitter has long used the bcrypt hash function to store hashes. Bcrypt hashes are so slow and computationally costly to crack that it would have required infeasible amounts of time and effort for anyone to decipher the underlying plaintext. As of press time, there were no reports of a mass reset of Twitter users' passwords, either.
Eliminating the possibility that Twitter's network has been hacked, LeakedSource speculated that tens of millions of people were infected by malware that sent every username and password saved in the victims' browser to servers under the attackers' control. This scenario is possible, but it still seems unlikely that all 32 million of the passwords in the dump are valid. For one thing, it's unlikely that anyone other than Twitter has the ability to check even a tiny fraction of such a large number. And for another, if 32 million plaintext Twitter passwords really were in the wild, the service no doubt would have mandated password changes for all affected users by now.
"I'm highly skeptical that there's a trove of 32M accounts with legitimate credentials for Twitter," Troy Hunt, a security researcher and the founder of the Have I been Pwned? breach notification service, told Ars. "The likelihood of that many records being obtained independently of a data breach and them being usable against active Twitter accounts is extremely low."
Over the past month, a cluster of megabreaches, most stemming from hacks carried out years ago, has dumped 642 million passwords into the public domain. The dumps are significant, because many users reused the same passwords on multiple other sites. But unless more details become available in the coming hours, Twitter users need not change their passwords. That said, anyone who hasn't signed up for two-factor authentication on the service should strongly consider doing so now.
I just added the following config to a ruby test suite:
RSpec. configure do | config | config. before :each do GC . disable end config. after :each do GC . enable end end RSpec.configure do |config| config.before :each do GC.disable end config.after :each do GC.enable end end
It's pretty tragic how well this works. It knocked about 40% off the runtime of the test suite for our Padrino + DataMapper app running on 1.8.7 (yes, I know. I'm sorry. I actually discovered this as part of my work on getting it off 1.8.7), and a friend is reporting a more than 50% drop for their Rails app running on 1.9.3.
Why? Well, I added this as an experiment when I noticed how much time the test suite was spending in the GC (I initially ran with GC turned off entirely. This ate about as much memory as you'd expect). I'm assuming it's a combination of MRI's GC being really quite shit and the fact that test setup tends to produce a lot of garbage.
This is kinda an awful solution to this problem, but I must admit I'm finding it hard to argue with the results. If you can afford to throw memory at the problem it might actually be worth doing.
But still… ouch.
Nearly two thirds of 14- to 24-year-olds illegally download music over peer-to-peer (p2p) networks, says UK Music.
Artwork: Chip Taylor According to research, which was carried out by the University of Hertfordshire on behalf of the music body, 75 percent of teens also admitted to sending digital music files by e-mail, Bluetooth, Skype, or MSN to friends and family, while 86 percent revealed that had copied CDs for friends.
UK Music also said that 68 percent of those surveyed said they listen to music on their computer and on average 14- to 24-year-olds have more than 8000 tracks on their PCs. Despite the recent popularity of music-streaming sites such as Spotify, 78 percent said they wouldn't pay for a music-streaming service.
Artwork: Chip Taylor "Have they got the message that there is a thing called copyright and there is a philosophy of copyright? Yup. They get it. They just don't care," said former Undertones member and CEO of UK Music Fergal Sharkey.
The research also highlighted that 85 percent of those surveyed think a music download service that allows unlimited tracks to be obtained for a fixed price is a good idea, with 57 percent claiming it would stop them illegally file-sharing. Just over half also said that artists should charge device manufacturers a fee to enable their tracks to be copied.
"If they're prepared to work with us if we give them an all-you-can-eat download service, well then, as an industry we may then well have to step up to the plate and try to provide them with that kind of service," Sharkey added.
Broadband speed test
PC security advice
See also: Student file-swapper ordered to pay £400,000
This story, "Teens Just Won't Pay for Music" was originally published by PC Advisor (UK) .
Around the world, trust in large institutions and their leaders is at a distinct ebb. The 2017 Edelman Trust Barometer, which measures trust in government, business, and other institutions, found that trust in CEOs fell to a record low 37 percent in 2017, down from 49 percent in 2016.
Of course, post-truth era or not, business executives don't generally go around spouting unverifiable facts and numbers. That's in part because they face stiff penalties for doing so. If a CEO says earnings per share were $1.50 last quarter when, in fact, the company reported earnings per share of 64 cents, investors will quickly punish the company and its stock. It's pretty easy to measure whether a CEO is being truthful about results. But there is a lot more nuance involved when it comes to measuring credibility, which is earned by speaking without obfuscation and meaning what you say. And that's precisely what Joel Litman, chief executive officer of Valens Research in Cambridge, Mass. — a financial research firm that offers forensic and uniform accounting analysis to clients — has in mind as they prepare their lie detector equipment for the coming round of year-end earnings reports.
Hedge fund managers and other large investors hire forensic analysts to sit in on corporate earnings calls. The first half of such calls tend to be heavily scripted, as top leaders run through the results. But in the second half, executives answer questions from equity analysts — or evade those questions — and therefore are working without a script. That's when the Valens analyst keeps an eye glued to the firm's proprietary electro-audiogram (EAG) system, which measures voice patterns. Think of the digital audiogram as a sophisticated lie detector test. In all, it maps a total of 15 markers that gauge whether the speaker seems to believe their or their own words based mostly on inflection — whether the voice seems stressed or hesitant, grows louder or softer, speeds up or slows down.
credit: Allan Swart / Alamy
The effectiveness of the EAG depends on the psychological principle of cognitive dissonance — the physical discomfort that arises in most people when they try to hold two opposing ideas in their brain at the same time. If the audiogram indicates a high level of speaker confidence, Valens reports to its clients that the leaders of Company X seem to have a firm grasp on their plans for future growth or for confronting challenges. That might give investors a good reason to buy Company X stock. By the same token, a low confidence score might be a clue that investors should stay out of the stock or short-sell it.
Valens and others in the business of detecting cognitive dissonance, such as Business Intelligence Advisors in Boston, which is run by former Central Intelligence Agency investigators, are seeking to understand how the judgment and integrity of company leaders can affect a company's valuation over time. Earlier this year, the CFA Institute, an international association for chartered financial analysts, published a book with the very self-explanatory title Lie Detection Guide: Theory and Practice for Investment Professionals. Laura Rittenhouse, who runs the consulting and training firm Rittenhouse Rankings in New York, analyzes written messages, especially CEO shareholder letters, and ranks companies for wording that indicates candor and transparency versus what they euphemistically call “balderdash.” Examples of balderdash include the phrase “in a dynamic operating environment characterized by unexpected events around the world,” which appeared in the annual letter of a large bank, and “we face stiff competition, but our future is within our control,” from Walmart's 2016 annual report. (“When are there not unexpected events?” says Rittenhouse. “And no one's future is completely under their control.”)
Those in the business of detecting cognitive dissonance are seeking to understand how the judgment and integrity of company leaders can affect a company's valuation over time.
Litman, a former Credit Suisse analyst, started Valens in the very rocky year of 2009. “We should have had our heads examined for launching a startup venture in the middle of the downturn,” they say. But Litman wanted to provide the kind of all-encompassing analysis that was mostly missing on Wall Street at the time. The firm has analyzed more than 20,000 earnings calls since its inception. In 2009 and 2010, it wasn't hard to find executives from banking and other industries whose voices indicated tension when they said things were getting better. Three years ago, Valens researchers observed a lot of highly questionable markers in the earnings calls of oil exploration firms, which were then grappling with low prices and excess supply. Soon after, not at all to Litman's surprise, the sector nearly collapsed.
Take a statement like “we're expanding at full steam.” If executives show a sense of discomfort uttering those words at a time when the macro factors indicate an economy in decline, then we might expect, when the economy is doing well, they'll say the same thing with conviction. That is exactly what Litman has found in the last couple of years: The confidence markers are strong for most large companies.
Still, the bull market hasn't put balderdash-detection firms out of business.
For one thing, companies have to explain what they're doing to counter disruption. Valens has been sounding alarms about retailers losing steam to Amazon, for example, since around 2012. The firm's analysts noted several retail companies they thought had more potential to thrive than most, including L Brands, the parent company of Victoria's Secret and Bath & Body Works. When Valens was hired by investors to use its audiogram in the company's first- and second-quarter earnings calls this year, it found further confirmation of its belief that the company was going to be able to, as a Valens research report put it, “streamline operations, while still driving innovation that consumers wanted.” But it turns out that 2017 hasn't been a great year overall for L Brands. Sales dropped after Victoria's Secret stopped selling swimwear and apparel to concentrate on its flagship lingerie, only to find that Amazon was undercutting that business.
When the company convened its second-quarter earnings call in August 2017, the stock was falling. However, in an answer to an analyst's question about inventory, Stuart Burgdoerfer, chief financial officer of L Brands, said, “It is up a little bit but not significantly, and there's a little bit of timing involved. But our commitment to manage inventory in line with sales was as strong as ever.” The CFO didn't deny that there was a challenge. More to the point, their voice pattern as detected by Valens's audiogram indicated that they believed what they were saying. The company's stock has since started to rebound. A coincidence? Possibly. But Litman's investor clients are looking for an edge that comes from an analysis of whether all the measures of a company's financial health — equity value, debt, and a senior management team that has a firm grasp on reality — come together.
Rittenhouse believes it's more important than ever for corporate leaders to be forthcoming in times of significant disruption because managers who are honest about what they're doing — honest with themselves and their shareholders — will be compelled to develop a clear strategy. “Delusional speech creates a cognitive dissonance that, in some sense, shuts down the brain,” they say.
The good news is that companies can turn around a habit of obfuscation. Examining Walmart's latest annual report, Rittenhouse found the letter a big improvement over last year's. It contained clear language about factors the company could actually control, such as, “In the U.S., we've delivered positive comp store sales for 10 consecutive quarters and we're hearing from our customers that their experience continues to improve.” You don't need a computer program to detect the realistic confidence in that statement.
Analyst Todd Juenger of Sanford C. Bernstein didn't like what they saw while watching TV over the holidays.
What they saw were cable networks belonging to Viacom, AMC Networks and Discovery Communications whose shows were so overstuffed with ads that they couldn't be contained in either 30-minute or 60-minute intervals.
“The financial significance is twofold: 1) whatever ad revenue these companies report in the quarter is being propped up; and 2) comps are tougher next year,” Juenger said in a report Tuesday.
They also noticed that MTV failed to air a live New Year's special (it didn't air one a year ago, either). Juenger called the programming decision—and the lack of reaction to it—a sign that MTV is no longer relevant to youth culture.
Juenger noted that Viacom's new management, like its old management, appears to be comfortable jamming more commercials into its programming to offset falling ratings, even while promising to reduce ad loads.
Viacom's biggest networks, MTV, Comedy Central and BET were also culprits, according to Juenger. They saw 33-minute episodes of Comedy Central's Tosh.0, 35-minute episodes of MTV's Ridiculousness and 33-minute reruns of Martin on BET.
”Comedy Central has been a habitual offender. In fact, we can't remember the last time we saw an episode of South Park scheduled to last its regular 30 minutes,” Juenger said. “It has become so bad, we fully expect Trey Parker and Matt Stone to write an episode of South Park that parodies how many advertisements Comedy Central jams into South Park.”
On AMC, episodes of Breaking Bad were 64 minutes long during a holiday marathon, making watching them on Netflix much more enjoyable by comparison, Juenger noted. A Walking Dead marathon was worse, with episodes lasting between 65 and 70 minutes each.
Discovery's Science Channel ran 62-minute episodes of Mythbusters all day on Dec. 27.
Juenger seemed surprised by Discovery's stuffing, given that the company said fourth-quarter ad sales were strong. But they noted that the stuffing did not carry into the New Year.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
One of the next big items on President Obama's green agenda is a new set of caps on greenhouse gas emissions from power plants. Set to roll out over the next few years, the rules aim to slash the climate impact of the nation's biggest polluters. But statistics released yesterday from the federal Energy Information Administration show that even without these new caps, energy-related carbon emissions—those that come from powering factories, homes, cars, and businesses—dropped almost four percent between 2011 and 2012, marking the fifth out of the last seven years for these emissions to decline:
Overall energy consumption fell by 2.4 percent last year, even as the GDP grew by 2.8 percent. That translates to a 5.1 percent drop in energy use per dollar of GDP. In other words, businesses are finding that they can use less energy (and/or cleaner sources of it) and stay productive. In the chart below, carbon intensity refers to the carbon emissions per dollar of GDP; energy intensity is energy use per dollar of GDP (the 5.1 percent drop just mentioned). So even as population and per capita output are growing, the amount of electricity use and carbon pollution tied to that growth are dropping:
This is great news, but it's not really new: Here's another way to look at carbon intensity, which shows how energy efficiency has given us more and more carbon bang for our bucks over the last 60 years:
So what's behind last year's drop? To start, give yourself a pat on the back: Half the cuts came from reductions in household energy use. Ironically, we might have to thank climate change for that, as the biggest reductions came at the start of the year when the US was in the midst of its fourth-warmest winter on record—the EIA's metric of cold days when heating might be required was down nationwide 19 percent below the 10-year average and 22 percent below 2011. The dark brown line below is 2012; notice how far beneath the other lines it is on the left-hand side:
Fuel-efficiency gains for vehicles also played a major role: Even though total miles traveled by cars in the US was the same between 2011 and 2012 (~8 billion miles per day), carbon emissions were down thanks to the growing number of fuel-efficient cars on the road:
Last but not least, the energy we're still using is coming from cleaner sources—like wind, up almost 20 percent—bringing the overall carbon intensity of electricity generation down by 3.5 percent. The drop in hydro power, EIA analyst Perry Lindstrom said, reflects a return from a particularly high-producing previous year, driven by the amount of water in rivers rather than the construction of new infrastructure, as in the case of wind.
“We're not building big hydro plants in the US,” they said. “Everything that happens in hydro is driven by precipitation and snowmelt.”
Although 2012 saw severe drought across much of the country, the drought was less pronounced in the Pacific Northwest where the bulk of the country's hydro plants are, so it's unclear whether climate might have played a role here as well.
Solar doesn't appear on the chart because it is lumped in with other sources, including nuclear and geothermal, that saw little change between 2011 and 2012.
But by far the most significant source of reductions came via the substitution of natural gas, made relatively cheap and abundant by fracking, for coal. This chart makes it plain how concerns about fracking, from groundwater contamination to earthquakes to methane emissions, need to be balanced against the massive bite it takes out of much more carbon-intensive coal, although some experts worry that long-term reliance on natural gas could also loosen the market foothold of renewables:
Reign‘s Jonathan Keltz is a mashup of nationalities these days, as an American-Canadian actor playing a Frenchman with a British accent.
It's enough to make your head spin!
You might remember them from their Entourage days, when they played assistant to the eccentric Ari Gold. Or maybe you caught them in the hilarious 21 and Over comedy film. When he's not sword fighting in 16th century France on Reign, he's guest starring in Season 2 of Man Seeking Woman, but you'll have to wait until 2016 for that one!
I got the chance to talk with Jonathan Keltz about how they got into acting, the social media craze, and what's next for Leith Bayard on Reign.
Originally from New York, Keltz spent their formative years in the U.S before moving to Toronto for high school, which is what first sparked the urge to get into television. “The industry is so strong here [in Toronto]. I was able to sign with an agent and get into it, and then it sort of snowballed from there,” Keltz explained.
When you hear ‘New York City' and ‘acting' in the same sentence, you almost immediately think Broadway and musical theater. Unfortunately, while Keltz loves the theater and never ruled out the possibility of Broadway, they say they have one major obstacle keeping them from being the next Phantom of the Opera. “I'm not much of a singer, so the musical thing — I would not be the guy. Maybe a Sam Shepard re-launch, but not the musicals.”
Does that mean we'll never get a musical episode of Reign? Bummer.
Keltz lucked out, snagging a role on Reign because it just so happens to film predominantly in Toronto. They like filming close to home, so to speak. “My parents are still here, all my buddies from high school are still here, so it's great,” Keltz stated. “I've got some real nice roots here, so of all the places to be randomly relocated for a show, this pretty much was the best.”
On the topic of social media and the extremely passionate fan base that exists for the show online, Keltz said that he's been fortunate to receive only positive and enthusiastic energy from fans. “It's definitely been a shift, but it's been a lovely experience so far. I like live tweeting and all that, it adds another interactive layer to everything.”
This season, Reign is off to a great start, dealing with the political intrigue of the growing tension between Mary, Queen of Scots, and Queen Elizabeth in England. Leith has managed to stay out of the politics for the most part, but that doesn't mean he's kept themselves out of trouble.
Recently, Leith confessed to Princess Claude that they might have developed some growing feelings for her, a confession which Claude didn't exactly reject. But will a romance brew between those two this year?
When asked about their future, Keltz worried that Leith might be setting themselves up for heartbreak again.
“I think it's tricky, especially in the nature in which they met. The relationship started at a point where Leith was so vulnerable, coming out of this situation with Greer, and on top of that, it's been a very bicker-y, banter-y back and forth. I think that can sort of breed feelings,” Keltz said. “I think we'll have to see what happens. Leith has already gotten themselves in trouble with this kind of thing before, and this is now dealing with a princess. Leith has a heart that likes to get them in trouble, that's for sure.”
Fans do love to see them in this particular kind of trouble. The princess and the kitchen boy? Who wouldn't fall in love with a forbidden romance like that?
Leith's heart isn't the only source of danger this year, though. Keltz reminded us now that Francis is at death's door, Leith might be losing an important and powerful friend at court. “He's the reason Leith is where they are and protected at court in the way that they have been,” Keltz stated. “It also puts them in a challenging position, you know, with ‘Once my best friend is gone, where will I be left? Who will my allies be at court?'”
Be sure to catch Jonathan Keltz on Reign, airing Fridays at 8/7c on The CW.
You might also like:
eyeOS is a web based desktop operating system. Despite its unusual deployment orientation, in many ways, it's a full desktop operating system, complete with file management and full applications that operate within draggable, resizable windows. As well as an overview of what the eyeOS 1.9 branch has to offer, I'll take you through what I did to install it on a Debian type operating system. Overall, I felt that it was a usable system and perhaps even a glimpse at what most computing is going to be like in the future.
I'll be concentrating on my experiences of setting up eyeOS 1.9 rather than the 2.x version that was launched earlier this year. I tried eyeOS 2.x on a couple of different set ups, but I kept running into the serious performance problems that are widely reported on the eyeOS forum by other people who have tried it. The 1.x series also has the advantage of having been considered stable for more than two years.
Overview
As I said before, eyeOS offers a complete desktop with a suite of applications in a system that can be accessed over a network such as a LAN or the Internet via a web browser. It's a system that can supply a fleet of networked computers with their application environment in a cloud set up, or it could be your own personal refuge when you are stuck using someone else's computer.
When investigating a system such as this, most people will wonder about the performance. As one would expect, application launch and execution speed are sometimes curtailed compared with a more conventional desktop operating system. Graphical operations are also hampered by the extra layer of abstraction imposed by the browser based interface. However, if you think about it, most of a typical working day isn't spent moving and resizing windows or launching applications, and once a given application is running, response to user input, particularly via the keyboard, is good.
So, what are the applications? Well, the default set up features a wide range of applications including a calendar, an RSS reader, an email client, a word processor, a spreadsheet, a contacts manager and others. The applications themselves are surprisingly well-featured, and I find myself wondering if what eyeOS offers might have been competitive with what full commercial software was offering not so long ago. The file management extends to the necessary facilities to upload and download your files.
The eyeOS word processor. Its feature set is impressive.
The window management is also surprisingly comprehensive. A task bar runs along the bottom of the screen. That's right, eyeOS is fully multi-tasking and can run more than one application at once, with overlapping, movable and resizeable windows. The mouse button brings up a context menu, as with most operating systems, and scroll wheel functionality is fully implemented. As technically impressive as the windowing system is, for a browser-based user interface, I find myself thinking that it may be overkill. I bet that most users will quickly get into the habit of maximizing all windows when actually working.
All in all, despite a few compromises, I was left with the impression that eyeOS is far from a mere proof of concept demonstration; this is something that could be used for serious work.
Installing
[update: See our guide to running a server in a VirtualBox VM. It's an aproach that works very well with eyeOS.]
To install eyeOS, you first need to prepare a web server platform that consists of Apache, PHP and a few other elements. Here's a method that installs everything you need onto a Debian box.
First, install the dependencies:
sudo apt-get install apache2 php5 php5-cgi php5-sqlite php5-imap libapache2-mod-python libapache2-mod-php5 libapache2-mod-perl2 apache2-mpm-prefork analog
Resetting the whole machine is probably the quickest way to restart any services that need it. Once you have done this, test the web server by pointing the browser towards the machine that you have just installed Apache to. So, for example, if you've installed it locally, point your browser to:
http://127.0.0.1/
Hopefully, you'll be greeted with the standard Apache “It works!” message.
Now fetch the eyeOS 1.9 archive from the eyeOS website. Double check that you've grabbed the right file, as the download page prominently displays the 2.x download, which I found confusing. Once you have the zip file containing the eyeOS files, unpack it to your home directory. Rename the eyeOS directory to make it lower case, copy it into the default Apache web content directory and set the necessary permissions with:
mv eyeOS/ eyeos/ sudo mv eyeos/ /var/www/ sudo chmod 777 /var/www/eyeos/ -R
Now it's time to carry out the installation from the web interface. Begin by navigating to:
http://127.0.0.1/eyeos/installer
Fortunately, eyeOS does some fairly extensive checks when setting itself up. So, if you are missing a component that it needs, it will tell you and and you should be able to figure out what's missing with some guess work. Choose a password, wait a moment and navigate to the login page. In future, you log in by navigating to:
http://127.0.0.1/eyeos/
The eyeOS website.
Got a better way of doing this, run into difficulties installing it or prefer a different web based OS? Yell out in the comments and let us know.
Last week, about 20 drinkers who once considered the Brickskeller home—either because they had worked at the bar or because they practically lived there—dropped by the subterranean saloon for one last taste. They had heard rumblings that the Dupont Circle institution, the place that pioneered the craft beer movement in D.C., had been sold. More to the point, they heard that Dave and Diane Alexander, as part of the sale, were taking the name with them.
As far as these romantics were concerned, come November, the Brickskeller as they knew it would be gone forever.
Their source of this name-hoarding tip was likely the DC-BEER e-mail list, where on Oct. 1 retired Mid-Atlantic Brewing News writer Gregg Wiggins posted the following quote from Dave Alexander, with the bar owner's permission: “No one will ever own the Brickskeller who's [sic] last name is not Alexander.”
Much commentary followed the post, trying to parse the odd diplomatic statement from Alexander, a man better known among their peers for their cold, sometimes accusatory bluntness. Several commentators came to the same conclusion as a DCist poster had earlier in the day: The Alexanders plan to keep the name for themselves, no matter who the new owner is.
What do they want to do with it? I wish I knew for certain. The two times I tried to talk to the Alexanders, Diane didn't want to comment and Dave hung up on me. Perhaps they plan to open another bar under the same Brickskeller banner or pass the name along to a confidant who would treat a new-look Brickskeller with the respect it deserves. Or maybe they somehow would attach the moniker to their Regional Food and Drink (RFD) operation in Chinatown.
It's easy to understand why the Alexanders would want to hold onto the name. Diane Alexander's grandfather, a chef trained at Le Cordon Bleu, invented the “Brickskeller” handle in 1957 as a clever variation on the German word, ratskeller, or a tavern located below street level. The tavern was already notable by the time Diane and their husband took over in the early 1980s. The couple proceeded to turn it into an icon, known for a 1,000-plus beer list, often cited as the largest in the world.
You don't exactly just give that brand away because you're ready to sell some property. But here's the thing that has been eating away at D.C.'s beer community: Who precisely would want to buy a deteriorating dive bar and the ramshackle inn above it without the Brickskeller name attached? Or without the faded museum of beer cans tucked behind those Plexiglas panes in the darkened saloon?
“Don't get the name? Don't get the memorabilia? Don't bother,” says Dave Coleman, the beer director for Big Hunt, offering a touch of Alexander-esque bluntness.
Coleman knows a little something about the brew business. They and their business partner, Mike McGarvey, will open their own D.C.-based brewery, 3 Stars, sometime next year. Coleman believes that whomever buys the Brick would have to essentially treat it as an overhaul. The defining brick walls could stay, Coleman thinks. “Just about everything else” would need to be gutted.
The skanky carpet would need to be yanked out. The restrooms, which evoke 1970s New York City subway stations, would need to be renovated so you could enter without holding your breath. The microscopic kitchen, with its reliance on the deep-fat fryer, would need to be modernized for contemporary tastes. “It's so gross,” Coleman says about the kitchen. “It's so gross.”
By Coleman's best guess, it would take at least a half a million dollars, and likely more, to renovate the Brick to get it up to snuff. Without the drawing power of the Brickskeller name, why would anyone want to take on such a financial burden and risk? Particularly when other, more modern beer emporiums, like ChurchKey and Brasserie Beck and the Biergarten Haus, have eclipsed the Brick in terms of ambiance, draft beer selections, and sheer drawing power?
Almost everyone I talked to for this article seems to want the Brickskeller to continue operating at its present location, even if it had to change names. The saloon is too historic and too important in beer circles to lose to the vagaries of business. And Brickskeller in another location just wouldn't be Brickskeller. It would be the equivalent of selling the space for Ben's Chili Bowl and trying to relocate the historic soul-food diner in, say, Georgetown.
Greg Engert, beer director for Birch & Barley/ChurchKey, strikes a personal note in their affection for the Brick. “The Brickskeller means a lot to me,” they note. “What the Brickskeller offered me was a veritable liquid library where I was able to research the finest beers of the world and meet some of the legends in craft beer and beer writing. Simply put, I would not be where I am without my experiences at the Brickskeller.”
Adds Engert: “I'd like to see the Brickskeller get back to being the institution it once was—a storied venue with not only an exceptional selection of bottled beer from all around the world, but one that can effectively inspire new generations of beer lovers.”
These are clearly difficult waters to navigate. The Alexanders, it seems obvious, have no intention of conveying the name, the Brickskeller, with the sale of the bar and inn. So where does that leave a potential new owner? Are people drawn to the location because of the Brickskeller name and reputation, or because of the space's 1,000-bottle concept, or because they simply like the idea of slumming it in an increasingly sterile Dupont Circle neighborhood? Then there's another puzzle to solve: How far can a new owner push a renovation project without slipping into cocktail-lounge territory and losing all of the joint's original charms?
Assuming the next owner's position is to keep the space operating as a beer emporium—and not treat the entire property as a tear-down for its valuable real estate—it would take a lot of work to make the saloon a viable player in the modern craft beer marketplace. For starters, the draft system needs to be expanded and updated, says one source who prefers to remain anonymous lest they offend Alexander. The draft lines apparently run 25 feet from cooler to tap handle, running some of that length under non-temperature controlled floorboards, which can wreak havoc on beer, particularly cask ales. Those conditions need to be fixed.
Greg Jasgur, beer manager at Pizzeria Paradiso, echoes a similar sentiment when they say the bar needs to serve draft beer on both levels, not just on the upper one. Jasgur wants to see more adventurous selections at those taps, too. “The draft beer is a little on the safe side,” the Paradiso manager says.
Almost everyone I contacted mentioned that the new owners must fix the longest-running joke in D.C. bar circles: the Brickskeller's beer list, which at one point promised as many as 1,300 different bottles and cans. The list has a higher AWOL rate than U.S. soldiers during the Vietnam War.
“Even if you tried really hard, you're probably not going to be able to get” all the beers on that list, notes the Big Hunt's Coleman. They think as many as 25 percent of the bottles on the Brick's list are unattainable on any regular basis. Coleman, and others like him, would like to see a smaller, more manageable, perhaps more reality-based beer list. The biggest crap shoot in D.C. bars could then officially come to an end.
But the new suds emporium also needs to become an active member in the growing fraternity of gastropubs and beer-driven restaurants, a couple of sources say. Coleman, for instance, thinks that in recent years Dave Alexander has grown tired of the endless amount of work it takes to maintain a bar with the Brick's scope and history. They may also be sick of the new army of online critics who lob grenades their way almost daily. “He realizes the amount of energy to do it is not what they want to do anymore,” Coleman says.
This may help explain Alexander's behavior of late: Several sources tell me the man behind the Brick has largely isolated themselves from the new generation of beer directors and managers, thinking that the younger set is merely trying to steal ideas and concepts that their saloon pioneered years earlier. The new owner, one source says, needs to repair the rift left behind by the old Brickskeller and become a willing participant in city-wide beer events.
Then again, maybe everyone has this all backwards. Maybe, as one source tells me, the proper thing to do is abandon the old Brickskeller entirely—ambiance and name and everything—and just develop a different beer-forward concept. “It seems that many people are sour on that name,” the source says of the Brick, and the new owners would not have “a lot of time to change their minds, especially with the level of competition in the city.”
Besides, with a fresh concept, the new owners would be able to trumpet a vision of their own, not trade off the rich history of a bar that has seen far better days.
Brickskeller, 1523 22nd St. NW, (202) 293-1885
Eatery tips? Food pursuits? Send suggestions to hungry@washingtoncitypaper.com.
Photo by Darrow Montgomery
More From This Week's Beer Issue:
NEW DELHI: Congress leader Digvijaya Singh on Sunday slammed BJP's prime ministerial candidate Narendra Modi for criticizing the UPA government's performance and praising the NDA regime Singh also challenged Modi to debate with any Congress leader on issues of governance and development.Singh took Modi head on for their praise of Atal Bihari Vajpayee's government. "Modi – ‘Atalji's was a Golden Era'. Because Modi didn't follow Raj dharm? Parliament was attacked by terrorists? Terrorists were released,” Singh tweeted.Addressing NRIs through video conferencing, the BJP strongman commended NDA's six-year tenure, saying that under Vajpayee, it looked that the 21st century would be India's century. “But with their departure, the downfall started," they said.Singh dismissed Modi's criticism, alleging that the BJP leader was giving "fake figures" of growth during the NDA regime."Good to hear Modi talking about inclusive politics. But can a leopard change its spots? Feku Modi at their best. Giving fake figures of growth during NDA regime," Singh said.He rubbished Modi's attack that people have lost faith in the UPA, saying the Congress-led government has fulfilled every promise made and empowered people by giving rights on information, education, food security and rights to women and tribals and also the right to work."The list can go on. Would Modi have courage to debate with one of us on issues of governance, development and other national issues," they said.Singh ridiculed Modi's claim that people are looking at BJP to bring a positive change in the nation and wondered if it will be "because thousands were killed in communal riots? Because rules were bent to favour the favourites! Because of Bangaru Laxman caught on camera".
Texans will soon be able to carry concealed firearms into public universities. But some will come out swinging with other weapons: dildos.
On the first day of next fall's semester, University of Texas at Austin students and supporters are planning to strap on sex toys in protest of the state's new campus carry law, which goes into effect August 1, 2016.
The movement's rallying cry, Cocks Not Glocks, went viral Sunday, and gun nuts are already getting heated on social media. The protest organizer, Jessica Jin, said she's received death threats over the event and has alerted Austin police.
But Jin and their plastic willy-wielding allies see the spectacle of shaft as an effective way to show that more guns do not necessarily make for a safer campus.
“I need this proliferation of dildos to offer people a visual representation of what it would be like if we all carried guns,” Jin told the Houston Chronicle. “It should look ridiculous to you. That is the point. This is America. If guns and bloodshed don't wake people up, a public celebration of sexuality may just do the trick.”
Jin said they came up with the strap-on idea while listening to a public radio discussion on America's terrifying wave of school shootings. “I felt a lot of frustration at those who were still trying to explain away or make excuses for this repeated pattern of violence and said to myself, ‘Man, these people are such dildos,'” they said.
One joke led to another, and later to Jin's discovery that rubber penises are indeed banned from classrooms. That's when they took matters into their own hands, launching the Facebook event, Campus (DILDO) Carry, which as of Sunday night had more than 2,800 supporters.
“The State of Texas has decided that it is not at all obnoxious to allow deadly concealed weapons in classrooms, however it DOES have strict rules about free sexual expression, to protect your innocence,” Jin wrote on the page. “You would receive a citation for taking a DILDO to class before you would get in trouble for taking a gun to class. Heaven forbid the penis.”
The 24-year-old UT alumna added, “You're carrying a gun to class? Yeah well I'm carrying a HUGE DILDO… Just about as effective at protecting us from sociopathic shooters, but much safer for recreational play.”
The campus-wide dildo carry was created Friday after one student was fatally shot and another wounded at a Texas Southern University student housing complex.
The protest announcement also comes just days after a student gunman killed nine people at a community college in Roseburg, Oregon, and a first-year student at Northern Arizona University shot and killed one student and wounded three others.
On Sunday, police arrested a University of South Florida football player they believe was firing shots at a residence hall building around 4 a.m. Cops found their parked car with an open gun case and box of ammo in plain sight, according to WFLA.
It's incidents like these that have some Texas students and faculty on edge about the future weapons policy.
Last week, a UT professor emeritus of economics resigned as a result of the impending campus carry law. In a letter to UT's president, Daniel Hamermesh wrote, “The risk that a disgruntled student might bring a gun into the classroom and start shooting at me has been substantially enhanced by the concealed carry law.”
They added: “The issue is not people like me, I'm small potatoes, the real issue is that for Texas, for people who are thinking about coming here, they have lots of alternatives. The ones we want to hire here do have alternatives.”
The campus carry law, passed in June, made Texas one of eight states to allow concealed weapons at public universities, according to the National Conference of State Legislatures.
Under the statute, only faculty, students, and visitors who are concealed handgun license holders—who must be over age 21—can carry weapons.
Claudia Garate, 27, a graduate student at UT Austin, told The Daily Beast they remember when their campus was locked down in 2010 after a 19-year-old math major fired shots from an AK-47 before killing himself.
The arguments of gun-rights advocates, who have been trolling the Campus (DILDO) Carry Facebook page, do little to quell Garate's fears about the law.
“The arguments that are pro-gun carrying... so many are centered around hate, misogyny, and racism,” they said. “It's a lot of hate from these people trying to defend this law, and that's the scariest part.”
“Because on one hand, they say they want to defend people and are obsessed with this idea of being a vigilante,” they added. “[On the other], the young woman who organized this is receiving death threats.”
Indeed, the sex-toy brigade's social media has been inundated with abuse. “I'm guessing that the organizer of this event is a huge slut. Should be funny to watch!” wrote Ron Cox, a Facebook commenter from Mississippi.
“I'm going to post all of your pictures on Facebook so your fathers can see how their daughters act at a liberal college,” a Texan named C.W. Cooper wrote.
“Skanks all of them,” a commenter named A.J. Hands wrote. “I think the guys should all walk around with rubber boobs on and crying everywhere, no problems with that huh ladies?”
Garate, for their part, was one of many people who chimed in from Texas and abroad to embrace the event. They told The Daily Beast their pals are already talking about buying burnt orange dildos in support of the campus's colors.
“It's really telling about our society and the way we glorify violence but then vilify sex and sexuality,” Garate said. “How can you be outraged about the idea of people carrying dildos, but not all the people getting gunned down and the violence we see day in and day out? I thought [the protest] was a pretty brilliant move.”
Bud Foster faces a daunting task against the Ohio State Buckeyes. While Ohio State has the reputation as a big play offense, Foster has to approach the game in a similar manner as developing a game plan for Georgia Tech. Everything in Ohio State's offensive approach is predicated on a handful of bread and butter running plays. Those core plays, if properly executed, can break for big gains at any time, but they are designed to be steady gainers and set up positive down and distance. Then, when the defense overcommits, Ohio State uses far superior athletes in space to punish the defense with big plays. Foster's approach will aggressively work to take away those core plays and put Ohio State in less than favorable down and distance situations where their less than stellar drop back passing game is heavily dependent on Braxton Miller keeping plays alive with their feet until their receivers can break open.
The Hokies don't have a tremendous amount of experience against an offense that uses so many of the single wing/rule blocking principles that Ohio State utilizes on most of their core offensive plays. Clemson runs a similar offense; however they utilize more multiple tight end sets and misdirection. Foster has more experience setting up a scheme to cope with an inside zone play, a staple of UNC and several other spread offenses that the Hokies played last season. UCLA's Brett Hundley wasn't as efficient executing read options, but they were a terrific athlete on par with Braxton Miller as a runner and a more accurate thrower. To put together a game plan, Foster will likely incorporate learning and successful strategies from all these experiences, plus closely examine how Big Ten teams had success against the Buckeyes.
The Spartan Defensive Blueprint
After Meyer's first season of implementing their single-wing spread offensive system, Eleven Warriors compiled a breakdown of some of the key defensive strategies that Big Ten opponents used successfully against the Buckeyes. After reading this breakdown, I went back to the Michigan State film to see which strategies were most effective as the Spartans stuck Meyer with their first Big Ten loss. The Michigan State film is even more critical because the Spartans use the same defensive front alignment as Tech—a four-man "over" defensive front with a three-technique to the strong side, with two inside linebackers shifted away from the strength, and a wide outside linebacker who shifts around based on a variety of keys based on alignment. Foster uses a slightly different approach against base plays, but against the option I would expect Foster to make some adjustments.
First and foremost, teams that had success against Ohio State made a commitment to take away big running yardage between the tackles via formation and a variety of run blitzes. On almost every snap, the Spartans had both defensive tackles and both inside linebackers occupying interior gaps. Often, they incorporated a variety of slants and linebacker twist stunts designed to confuse the defense, but those linebackers were sticking their heads in and challenging blockers on every snap. On read options, Michigan State committed to taking away the dive. On power, the tailback again was the focus. On the inverted veer, they defended the tailback sweeping with one contain defender and sold out on the inside. No matter what, the Spartans were going to limit what the Buckeyes got between the tackles. This lead to some big plays on the edge and in the play-action passing game, but by putting the Buckeyes in poor down and distance situations, the Spartan defense put itself in prime position for success against the Buckeye's suspect drop back passing game. According to cfbstats.com, Ohio State had a season low of 20 first downs against Sparty (25.8 average).
That commitment started with defensive alignment. As I documented last week, Michigan State, who normally shifted their three-technique to the strong side, went away from their tendency and shifted their three-technique to the tailback alignment regardless of the offensive strength of the formation.
On power plays and the inside zone read, jamming up the center-guard gap (1-gap) opposite of the tailback's alignment forces the back to bend their run slightly outside or cutback. The Buckeyes want their backs to get downhill into the natural bubble of the defensive front (much like Georgia Tech). Forcing a cutback or a bounce to the outside slows down the back's forward momentum.
Second, on every single run-down snap, the Spartans committed their inside linebackers to taking away inside running lanes. Rarely did you see those linebackers scraping wide. Either they were coming straight ahead and plugging the hole, or they stunted in coordination with the interior defensive line. Much like Bud Foster's system, every gap was accounted for by a defender, with the defensive ends playing a contain role and the alley players (safeties and the whip linebacker) acting as free hitters in case the back or quarterback broke through the umbrella. Here is a great example. On this play, the Buckeye's run the power from the shotgun alignment with three wide receivers and a tight end.
You will note that Michigan State stunts on the play. The one-technique stunts outside the down block of the guard, forcing the motioning H-Back to turn them out. This leaves linebacker No. 28 Denicos Allen flying into the gap left vacated by the tackle and fitting on the pulling guard. Allen was only 5-11, 218 but they stick the guard right in the hole. On the backside, the three-technique tackle stunts through the center-guard gap, with the other inside linebacker, No. 40 Max Bullough crashing through the right guard-tackle gap. This means there are four defenders at the point of attack, a fifth (the defensive end) preventing the back from bouncing outside to the left, and on the back side the whip and defensive end are unblocked and squeezing down the cutback lane to finish off the tackle. Hyde has nowhere to go.
It is a risky approach. Much like the Hokies approach, if one player loses a fit at the point of attack, the tailback is into the secondary with only four defenders (all of whom are in some kind of man coverage scenario and have to focus on play-action first) to support. Allen and Bullough were talented and experienced players, both of whom were four year letter winners and both receiving All-American consideration. Chase Williams and Deon Clarke are smaller linebackers with limited experience. Their speed can create confusion, but they will have to be strong at the point of attack against the Ohio State guards and centers in order for Coach Foster's gap fit approach to work. It must, because taking a scrape exchange approach leaves Williams and Clarke moving laterally against Miller's speed (and the possibility of a pulling guard) and poses an even greater risk.
Cover-Four / Quarters Coverage
This defensive approach requires seven players into the box. That leaves four defenders to cover 3 to 4 receivers with no deep help. Instead of playing man coverage all over the field, the Spartans used a Cover-Four / Quarters Coverage approach. Hokie fans should be familiar with the concept, as Bud Foster has become increasingly reliant on quarters coverage as spread offenses become more prevalent.
In a quarters coverage, the defensive secondary aligns like they are playing man coverage. The secondary is essentially split vertically into 4 quarters. In each zone, the assigned defender's goal is to not let a receiver behind him. When the Hokies play quarters coverage, the corners will either line up seven yards off the ball, even with the safeties, or they will line up in press, but backpedal immediately at the snap, or after the quarterback finishes their pre-snap reads. Initially the defender plays zone coverage, unless their cushion is threatened. The cushion is the space between a defender and receiver. The defender wants to turn and run without being burnt deep. While in coverage the defender is looking into the backfield, reading the quarterback's eyes. Once the cushion is threatened, the defensive back will turn and run with the receiver, just like in man coverage.
Quarters coverage frees up the front-seven to stop the run, but it is high risk. Ohio State loves to send their big tight end and fast slot receiver's on seam routes against opposing safeties. The Buckeye commitment to establishing the inside zone read and the power play causes safeties to start creeping up, and then those vertical routes slip behind the defense.
Michigan State's secondary did a spectacular job of identifying the run before coming forward in support. Let's take a look at the above power play again, but from a different angle where we can see the secondary.
The Spartan corners both align in press coverage. The field safety takes the right slot. The boundary safety stays deep. All three stay deep until they identify run, then come up in delayed support. If the front-seven doesn't seal everything up, those safeties have to start coming up in run support. The Spartan safeties made several spectacular plays stopping those deep seam routes off play-action.
Here is a great example. Miller fakes an inside zone with a wham block and looks for their slot receiver on a seam route. The boundary safety takes one false step towards the line of scrimmage and the receiver blows by him. The safety makes a spectacular play to close the gap to the receiver and force an incompletion.
Many teams don't have the safeties capable of playing this kind of coverage the entire game. The Hokies though have two starting safeties that have corner experience, coupled with a nickel back in Chuck Clark that Torrian Gray feels is a solid coverage player. All four starting defensive backs have extensive experience running quarters coverage and have cornerback backgrounds, so if Foster chooses to run a whip against Ohio State for the extra run support, their secondary is positioned to have success using this strategy.
The 30 Front on Passing Downs
The Spartans made a commitment to get Ohio State into bad down and distance situations, and then they used a variety of blitz packages to confuse the veteran Ohio State line. The Spartans had their most success using a 3-3 defensive front alignment. The Spartans would use three down defensive linemen, with three linebackers and blitz from a dizzying array of pressures.
Ohio State's veteran offensive line was completely baffled by the different pressures that the Spartans utilized during the game. By my estimate, on ten offensive snaps with the defense playing the 30 front, the Spartans forced 2 sacks, pressured Miller 3 times, forced a motion penalty, and only gave up one completion. Not surprisingly, Bud Foster was running a 30 defensive front in some of the spring scrimmages with Corey Marshall playing as a stand-up defensive end, as I documented back in the spring. Given the success that the Spartans had, it is worth a second look.
The Buckeyes present a huge challenge. Using these principles, Michigan State (second ranked defense according to F/+) still gave up 273 yards rushing and 24 points. The Buckeyes present a huge challenge for Bud Foster's defense. Foster could use a similar approach, but in the last matchup versus the Clemson Tigers, Bud had some different tricks up their sleeve. Next week I will go back and review that Clemson film and speculate how Foster's 46 defense may factor into the battle at the Horseshoe.
Image: Flickr/Mr Seb
Canada might have a notorious inferiority complex when it comes to the US, but if there's one area where we'll always beat our Southern neighbours, it's hating telecom companies. Besides hockey, it's our national sport.
Maybe that's why Canadians are getting rid of their cable subscriptions and switching over to online streaming at a faster rate than Americans, according to a new report by the Convergence Consulting Group.
2015 saw 190,000 Canadians cutting the cord, according to the report, an 80 percent increase from 2014. By the end of last year, the report estimates that roughly 22 percent of Canadian households, more than 3 million, didn't have a cable subscription. A 2015 report pegged that number in the US at 17 percent.
That works out to Canada losing about 1.5 percent of its cable subscriber base in one single year, compared to 1 percent in the US.
"Clearly Canadians are choosing broadband connections over TV"
"While Canadians spend less on average than Americans on TV, Canadians do spend more on average on broadband," Brahm Eiley, president of Convergence, wrote me in an email. "There are more Canadian broadband subscribers than Canadian TV subscribers and Canadian broadband subscribers continue to grow while TV declines."
"Clearly Canadians are choosing broadband connections over TV."
Convergence predicts a slight increase in the number of Canadians getting rid of their cable in 2016—191,000 people in all—which might be a little surprising given that Netflix recently began cracking down on Canadians using VPN services to access US content, leaving us hosers to languish in a land of B-movies and Netflix originals.
Eiley said that the study did not track piracy rates, but they did note that Canada has far fewer legal streaming alternatives than the US. Globally, legal streaming services like Netflix have recently been taking up more bandwidth compared to torrenting, and piracy rates in Canada plummeted last year thanks to aggressive copyright notice letters sent to infringers.
Still, never underestimate Canadians' distaste for our oligarchical media landscape.
Image copyright Steven Falk Image caption Species that fed regularly on oil seed rape such as the buff tailed bumblebee showed more serious declines
The large-scale, long-term decline in wild bees across England has been linked to the use of neonicotinoid insecticides by a new study.
Over 18 years, researchers analysed bees who forage heavily on oilseed rape, a crop widely treated with "neonics".
The scientists attribute half of the total decline in wild bees to the use of these chemicals.
Industry sources say the study shows an association, not a cause and effect.
Weighing the evidence
In recent years, several studies, conducted in the lab and in the field, have identified a negative effect on honey bees and bumble bees from the use of neonics.
But few researchers have looked at the long term impacts of these substances.
This new paper examined the impacts on populations of 62 species of wild bees across England over the period from 1994-2011.
The team, from the Centre for Ecology and Hydrology (CEH), used distribution data on wild bees, excluding honey and bumblebees collected by the bees, ants and wasps recording scheme.
They were able to compare the locations of these bees and their changing populations with growing patterns of oilseed rape across England over 18 years.
The amount of this crop being sown has increased significantly over the period of the study, from around 500,000 hectares in 1994 to over 700,000 in 2011.
Image copyright Steven Falk Image caption The lime-loving furrow bee has shown a 20% decline in wild populations
A key innovation was the commercial licensing of neonicotinoid insecticides for the crop in the UK in 2002. Seeds are coated with the chemical and every part of the plant becomes toxic to pests.
Manufacturers hailed the development as a major advance, reducing the need for leaf spraying with other insecticides. Around 85% of the oilseed rape crop in England now uses this method for pest protection.
'Long term, large scale'
But this new work suggests, for the first time, that the detrimental impacts seen in the lab can be linked to large scale population extinctions of wild bees, especially for those species of bees that spend longer foraging on oilseed rape.
"The negative effects that have been reported previously do scale up to long-term, large-scale multi-species impacts that are harmful," said Dr Nick Isaac, a co-author of the new paper.
"Neonicotinoids are harmful, we can be very confident about that and our mean correlation is three times more negative for foragers than for non-foragers."
There was a decline in the number of populations of 10%, attributable to neonicotinoids, across the 34 species that forage on oilseed rape. Five of the species showed declines of 20% or more, with the worst affected declining by 30%. Overall, half the total decline in wild bees could be linked to the chemicals.
"Historically, if you just have oilseed rape, many bees tend to benefit from that because it is this enormous foraging resource all over the countryside," said lead author Dr Ben Woodcock from the CEH.
"But this co-relation study suggests that once its treated with neonicotinoids up to 85%, then they are starting to be exposed and it's starting to have these detrimental impacts on them."
"What we can't say is what these detrimental impacts are but what it does suggest is you can have these population declines and they can be big - I mean 30% is a big decline."
Image copyright Steven Falk Image caption The spined mason bee was one of the 62 species analysed and was seen to suffer population declines
The authors acknowledge that their study finds an association and doesn't prove a cause and effect link between the use of neonicotinoids and the decline of bee populations.
Intensive farming at fault?
The manufacturers of the chemicals agree that it is an interesting statistical study, but they argue that intensive farming and not just a single insecticide might be the real cause of the decline.
"Since most of the oilseed rape grown in the UK was treated with a neonicotinoid seed treatment during the years that this study looked at, we believe its findings would be more correctly headlined that intensive agriculture is causing some issues with pollinators," said Dr Julian Little, from Bayer Crop Science in the UK.
"Whether this is due to the use of insecticides is not clear; a lack of nesting sites and pollen and nectar sources in these areas may also be critical factors."
Other scientists, though, believe that the new study is some of the strongest data yet for the impact of these substances over the long term.
"This is the first good evidence that bees are affected at the population level by the widespread use of neonicotinoids," said Prof Henrik Smith from Lund University in Sweden, who was not involved with the research.
Image copyright Steven Falk Image caption The study looked at wild bees before and after the introduction of neonicotinoids in 2002
"It is the combination of evidence that is persuasive, that the effect depends on neonicotinoid exposure and affect species known to forage on oilseed rape more than other species."
The European Food Safety Authority is currently conducting a review of the scientific evidence about neonicotinoids.
An EU-wide moratorium on their use was implemented in 2013 and is still in place. This new work is likely to be part of that review, along with another, major field study due out in the Autumn. However, the National Farmers Union (NFU) say that it doesn't make a convincing case about the extinction of bees in England.
"While this study claims to provide an important contribution to the evidence base underpinning the current EU moratorium on some uses of neonicotinoids, experts reviewing all the evidence have concluded that there are still major gaps in our knowledge and a limited evidence base to guide policymakers," said Dr Chris Hartfield from the NFU.
The scientists involved in the wild bee study caution against "simplistic solutions" to the problems of pollinators. They say a "holistic" approach to the use of insecticides must be taken and they are lukewarm about the idea of banning chemicals.
"When you grow oilseed rape you can't do it without pesticides, there's an underlying reality to this," said Dr Woodcock.
"Just because you say 'don't use neonicotinoids anymore', the likelihood is that another pesticide is going to have to be used to compensate for that, that is going to have impacts on runoffs into waterways and on other species that you can control for."
"It needs to be taken in a very holistic perspective, you can't just say as long as we can save the bees everything else can go to hell, that's not where you want to be at."
The study has been published in the journal Nature Communications.
Follow Matt on Twitter @mattmcgrathBBC and on Facebook.
I was expecting to jump ship from Spotify to Apple Music right from the start, and I did indeed do so. The longer I've used it, the more enthusiastic I've become about the service.
Before the launch of Apple Music, I mostly listened to my own music library, viewing Spotify very much as a supplementary music source. It wasn't very good at introducing me to new music, so mostly I used it to try out artists recommended by friends.
Apple Music, however, has totally transformed the way I listen to music. Upwards of 80% of my listening is on the For You tab, listening to the recommended playlists and albums, and it's introduced me to many new artists I now love. Listening to my own music library has become a secondary activity.
However, there are times when I definitely do want to listen to my own, locally-stored music, and this is where the iOS Apple Music app messes up badly – and iTunes too for some …
NordVPN
Apple's enthusiasm for the cloud sometimes gives the impression that the company's execs never leave a bubble of always-on, high-speed Internet. I've sometimes been unable to continue to work on a Pages document on my iPad because my train has gone into a tunnel, despite the fact that the most recent update to the document was not ten minutes ago on the very device I was using. So too with music.
Sure, on my high-speed broadband at home, it makes very little difference whether I'm playing music directly from the SSD in my Mac, downloading it from the cloud or simply streaming it from Apple Music. The same is true when my phone has a decent LTE signal.
But I don't live my entire life in an always-connected, high-speed data world. I travel through tunnels. I take leisurely strolls in rural areas where mobile data signals do the same. I fly on planes where Wi-Fi is either non-existent or too limited or expensive for streaming music.
For these reasons, I keep a decent chunk of local music stored on my phone. Indeed, one of my biggest question marks about whether I could move from a 128GB iPhone 6s to a 64GB iPhone SE was whether I'd have enough space for that music. I checked after doing a restore, and it was all there.
So I was extremely unamused when, less than a month later, I boarded a 10-hour flight, got out my iPhone and prepared to listen to some music only to discover that hardly any of it was there. Of all my favorite albums, lovingly selected as the ones I wanted to have available at all times, just a handful were still present. Others claimed to be present but in fact had just one or two tracks. Everything else had the cloud download icon next to it – which did me no good at all at 37,000 feet.
The iOS Apple Music app had, entirely arbitrarily and without consulting me, dumped most of it.
For me, that was a nuisance. My music library was still safely sitting on my Mac, and I could restore it at will later. But it isn't just the iOS app that arbitrarily deletes music: some people have had the same thing happen in iTunes too.
I should stress this appears to be far less common. It's never happened to me, and I've heard relatively few reports of it happening to others. With a rather small number of exceptions, it would be tempting to dismiss them as user error.
But I've now heard enough reports from Mac-savvy people to be satisfied that it's a real issue in iTunes too. There was Jim Dalrymple, hardly a beginner where Apple kit is concerned, nor someone noted for being overly critical of the company. They initially lost 4,700 tracks – though did later get most of it back with Apple's help.
And when freelance composer James Pinkstone described exactly the same thing happening to him, discussion among the team here at 9to5Mac revealed that our own Greg Barbosa has experienced it too. Greg is a software developer who last worked as an iOS QA/test engineer, so again, hardly an Apple neophyte.
Losing music in iTunes is a thing.
One could again shrug, describe it as a nuisance and simply highlight all non-local music and tell iTunes to download it all again. It might take a day or two with large libraries, but you'd get it all back, right?
Well, not necessarily – because there's another problem with Apple Music, which first raised its head in iTunes Match. Namely, that Apple's music-matching process is very far from perfect.
It has matched the explicit-lyrics version of tracks with the radio-friendly versions. It has identified remixes as originals. It has even confused live recordings with album versions. So the music you get back by downloading it again isn't necessarily the music you had in the first place. Given that some rare recordings may not even be commercially available, that can mean you lose forever particular recordings. Which is exactly what happened to James Pinkstone.
That rare, early version of Fountains of Wayne's “I'll Do The Driving,” labeled as such? Still had its same label, but was instead replaced by the later-released, more widely available version of the song. The piano demo of “Sister Jack” that I downloaded directly from Spoon's website ten years ago? Replaced with the alternate, more common demo version of the song.
Greg told me that many of their remixes suffered the same fate. They did, of course, have backups, and was able to restore them, but much as we techies might urge people to follow our example, many people don't.
And for musicians and composers, it could be even worse. Pinkstone said that iTunes removed not just mp3 tracks, but WAVs of their own work – which they could only get back as much lower-quality AAC versions.
So, there are two things Apple urgently needs to fix in Apple Music. First, it should never delete local music without explicit permission from the user. If either app wants to remove music to free-up space, it should say so and allow the user to say yes or no.
Second, Apple needs to fix its track-matching algorithm. At present, it appears to be way, way too fuzzy. Where potentially irreplaceable recordings are concerned, it's not good enough for Apple to be 99.99% certain it's the same track, it needs to be 100% certain that it's a bit-for-bit match. If it's not, it needs to err on the side of caution and retain them as separate files.
Sure, there's a downside to that. Apple will end up with a bigger library, some of which will turn out to be dupes. And that can be irritating in itself. While I've never lost any music from my Mac, I have had a number of dupes showing up in my albums, which I've had to manually remove. But that's infinitely preferable to losing music.
So sure, overhaul the iOS app UI by all means, but fix the more fundamental issues too. If Chance forgive me, I'm going to suggest that these two need to be top of the list before Apple tackles both their own hitlist of improvements and Greg's complaints about search.
Have you experienced either issue? Please take our poll, and share your experiences and thoughts in the comments.
More than 50 percent of Google employees are against the firing of viewpoint diversity manifesto author James Damore, according to a report.
In a survey conducted by the “anonymous corporate chat app” Blind, 56 percent, or more than half, of the 441 alleged Google employees who took part disagreed with the company's decision to fire Damore.
The survey also revealed the thoughts of employees at other major technology companies.
Damore's biggest support came from Uber, where 64 percent of employees disagreed with their dismissal.
This was followed by Yahoo, where 60 percent disagreed, followed Airbnb, where 58 percent disagreed, and Microsoft, where 57 percent disagreed.
Facebook and Amazon also had a majority of employees who disagreed with Damore's dismissal, with 56 percent and 54 percent respectively, while Apple, Linkedin, and Lyft all majority agreed with Damore's firing.
49 percent of Apple employees and 47 percent of Linkedin disagreed with Google's decision, while just 35 percent of Lyft employees thought Google was wrong to fire Damore.
Damore was fired from Google this week after publishing a viewpoint diversity manifesto, which explained why there are not more women in tech jobs and called for more ideological diversity in Google's workplace.
In a memo, the company claimed Damore had advanced “harmful gender stereotypes in our workplace,” despite the fact that numerous psychologists, male and female, deemed the manifesto to be scientifically accurate.
Inc writer Suzanne Lucas has predicted that a lawsuit will be brought against Google, after claiming that the dismissal was, in their opinion, illegal in numerous different ways.
The mayor of Charlottetown is voicing their concern over Canada's plan to legalize marijuana.
"This year it's marijuana, next year it's another drug, next year it's another drug, and I think it's a sad reflection on Canada today," said Lee, who doesn't think marijuana should be legalized.
Charlottetown Mayor Clifford Lee says the feds need to get a plan together. (Natalia Goodwin/CBC )
"That we have people dying on the streets of this country from drug overdoses and our reaction to the issue of drugs in our community is let's legalize one of them, it just doesn't make any sense, quite frankly, to me."
Extra enforcement
One big concern for Lee is how municipalities will be expected to pay for extra enforcement, especially around impaired driving.
From their research, Lee is estimating it could cost around $750,000 to get the Charlottetown force trained as Drug Recognition Evaluator/Experts (DRE).
Lee worries about the costs of additional training for officers, particularly around impaired driving. (Twitter/RCMP)
"Somebody needs to pay that bill and I want to make sure that cost is not passed on to the municipal tax payers of Charlottetown," Lee said.
The RCMP currently has three active DREs, and confirmed the training costs approximately $15,000 for one member.
Spokesperson Sgt Kevin Baille said currently the training isn't offered in Canada, but if it was, that would bring the cost down.
Baille said RCMP on P.E.I. will be undergoing further training called Standardized Field Sobriety Testing (SFST).
Feds should pay up: Lee
But for Lee, already tight municipal budgets can't handle much else, especially when it isn't something they planned.
"It's not our legislation and whoever wants to bring in the legislation should be the level of government that pays the bill."
Lee said some of the rules themselves will provide challenges.
"One of the pieces of legislation says that everyone can grow up to four plants in their home. How in the real world is any police agency going to police that requirement, it makes absolutely no sense, and I think somebody needs to start to talk to the police agencies in this country of ours."
Lee says one concern they have is how police will enforce the number of plants individuals will be allowed to grow. (David Horemans/CBC)
Charlottetown's chief of police is currently working on a report with their concerns.
"That report will be going to all of city council and the City of Charlottetown will be taking a position of how we move forward on this issue," Lee said
"July 1st of next year is the magic date when this legislation is going to be proclaimed, we don't have a whole lot of time to figure out how this is going to work in the City of Charlottetown."
Province planning
The P.E.I.'s Department of Justice said government is planning to set up a working group to look at the impacts of drug impaired driving, along with what sorts of requirements it will require.
There is a plan to reach out to other provinces and territories to learn about different approaches and to hear from stakeholders like the municipalities.
"Working in partnership with provinces, territories, municipalities and local communities, the government of Canada will make appropriate investments to train and equip law enforcement so that Canada's roads and highways are safe for all Canadians," said a statement from Public Safety Canada.
Roulette Tree
A roulette tree (rtree) is a data structure aimed to speed up selection phases in evolutionary algorithms, specifically when one pick individuals for a new generation based upon fitness-proportionate selection methods. It is asymptotically better than current solutions, and will consequently run faster for large populations.
Quickstart
To build the rtree and see it in action, fetch the code from git and build the thing. Assuming you have git, autotools and gcc, you can call these commands:
git clone https://github.com/hyPiRion/roulette-tree.git rtree cd rtree autoreconf --install ./configure make
The Problem
The general problem can be described as follows: You have a population of individuals, where you want to pick some percentage of the population based on how fit they are (their fitness). However, you would avoid picking a single individual multiple times, and you want to to have randomness so you don't always pick the top \(n\) the best individuals all the time (to keep diversity in the population).
As an example, let's say we have three different objects: \(A\), \(B\) and \(C\). \(fit(A)=3\), \(fit(B)=2\) and \(fit(C)=1\). Then, we want that, on average, \(A\) will be picked \(^3/_6\) of the time, \(B\) will be picked \(^2/_6\) of the time, and \(C\) will be picked \(^1/_6\) of the time.
The way this is usually done is by simulating a roulette wheel: We list all the individuals we have, and let the individual hold a piece of the roulette wheel proportional to the individual's fitness. To pick an individual, we pick a random number and let the individual which contains the number in its fitness interval. See the figure below for an example.
Example of selection.
The two standard ways of doing this sort of simulation is done by either using an array, or by using a linked list.
Linked List solution
The linked list solution is the easiest to understand conceptually. The structure is simply the total fitness score of the population, along witha linked list with the individuals and their fitness score, To randomly pick an individual, you pick a random number, \(d < fit_{total}\) and iterate over the linked list. If the current individual's fitness is higher than \(d\), we pick the individual. If not, decrement \(d\) with the fitness of the individual and continue to next element. Now, if you want to remove the individual, you can do so while you're here (either by keeping track of the previous individual or by using a doubly linked list). Both operations take \(\mathcal{O}(n)\) time, which is not exactly good for large populations.
Inserting an individual is easy and fast, however. Just put the individual as the first element in the list, and you're done. That takes \(\mathcal{O}(1)\) time.
Array-based solution
The array-based roulette utilizes binary searches to reduce the speed of random picks. We keep track of the total fitness score, and an array containing the cumulative fitness sum up to this individual, along with the individual itself.
To perform a random pick, pick a random number \(d < fit_{total}\) as before. Now, perform a binary search where you go down if \(d < c\), where \(c\) is the cumulative sum at the current individual. If \(c \leq d < (c + fit)\), we've found the individual we wanted to find. If \((c + fit) \leq d\), we go up. This gives us \(\mathcal{O}(\log n)\) in asymptotic runtime for random picks.
Unfortunately, this is not sufficient for random pops: We must remove the individual, and update the new cumulative fitness for every element after the current one. This takes \(\mathcal{O}(n)\) time.
If one double the capacity of the array whenever the capacity is filled, then adding a new element takes \(\mathcal{O}(1)\) amortized time.
Roulette tree
It is possible to improve the asymptotic time taken to randomly pop an element, at the expense of a slower insertion algorithm. This is what the rtree does: Sacrifices insertion speeds for increased random pops.
The roulette tree is very complex compared to the other structures, but you can think of it as a red-black tree combined with a fenwick-tree. This makes both insertion, random picks and random pops take \(\mathcal{O}(\log n)\) time.
Comparison
Different needs for different people. If you need to repeatedly pop random individuals, I suggest going for the roulette tree. Otherwise, the array-based solution should handle most of your use cases. The linked list implementation is effectively useless, you can in all cases replace it with the array based one and get a speedup.
Structure Add Pop Get Linked List \(\mathcal{O}(1)\) \(\mathcal{O}(n)\) \(\mathcal{O}(n)\) Array-based \(\mathcal{O}(1)\) \(\mathcal{O}(n)\) \(\mathcal{O}(\log n)\) Roulette tree \(\mathcal{O}(\log n)\) \(\mathcal{O}(\log n)\) \(\mathcal{O}(\log n)\)
Other Ways to Implement This
Depending on what you need, a full roulette tree may be unnecessary or not exactly what you want. Here are some options:
Single-rpop roulette array
A single-rpop roulette array is a structure supporting \(\mathcal{O}(1)\) insertion times, and \(\mathcal{O}(\log n)\) random picks. It will also support a persistent random pop in \(\mathcal{O}(\log n)\) time, which will return the chosen individual, along with a roulette array where you can only perform random picks in \(\mathcal{O}(\log n)\) time. You can do this by making an array-based roulette wheel and keep track of the slot that was popped. By excluding it during the random number generation, you will still have the same performance as an array-based variant, with a single pop available.
Fenwick-based roulette array
When you already know the size of the collection, the individuals and their fitness, you can speed up all the actions available. By removing the possibility to add in new elements after instantiation, we can get a \(\mathcal{O}(\log n)\) speed on random pops and random picks. The speed of construction will be \(\mathcal{O}(n\log n)\).
Intially, this sounds like a rather useless idea: The asymptotic runtime doesn't even change! However, the constant is significantly reduced, and if you perform repeated rpops/rpicks without adding in new elements, this gives a significant speedup. Consequently, it speeds up the structure dramatically if you don't have to add in new individuals to the structure.
Sorted roulette trees
Sorted roulette trees will have the possibility to pick elements based upon their fitness. Such a tree will have the same properties as a NavigableSet and a SortedSet in Java, in \(\mathcal{O}(n\log n)\). The constant factor will be increased by a slight amount, but not considerably.
Persistent roulette trees
A persistent roulette tree will behave exactly as a normal roulette tree with the same asymptotic runtimes, but with a slightly higher constant factor. It will return persistent roulette trees, and will consequently be a tree usable in parallel. It may also implement the sorted roulette guarantees, again with a somewhat higher constant factor.
The confused grocery store clerk said this was the first time a customer had ever explained the release date of a soda. I could understand their lack of experience in this matter, especially since they looked to be around the same age as my oldest son, but I wasn't out hunting anything as banal as a new flavor of Sprite or a rare packet of Kool-Aid.
This was Ecto Cooler.
The fabled drink of the hyperactive gods
Ecto Cooler, a Ghostbusters tie-in from Hi-C, was a nuclear green drink that tasted of tangerines, if every inch of that tangerine were to be coated in sugar.
Ecto Cooler was a formative experience for many of us now in our mid-30s, and Coca-Cola has brought the drink back to celebrate the upcoming Ghostbusters film. That celebration requires the nostalgia of people like myself who had grown up with the drink, and were willing to cast off their normal aversion to sugary drinks to relive a bit of their childhood.
In many ways, and for a certain populace of latchkey kids like myself, the drink may have been more of an influence than the films. For reference: the first Ghostbusters movie was released in 1984. The second was released in 1989. The cartoon, called The Real Ghostbusters to avoid confusion with an unrelated Filmation property called Ghost Busters that involved a gorilla named Tracy, ran from 1986 to 1992.
The press release for the re-released Ecto Cooler states the beverage was available through 2001. The drink was sold long after the movies had come and gone, and for around a decade after the cartoon ceased production. The most successful spin-off of the Ghostbusters property may not have been any piece of media; it might have been a juice box with Slimer on the front.
Thanks for your excitement. Stocking #EctoCooler is tricky. It vanishes as soon as it hits shelves. More coming soon to a store near you. — Ectocooler (@Ectocooler) May 30, 2016
And it was chased with incredible devotion after it was removed from the shelves. There has long been a strong secondary market for anything related to Ecto Cooler, from bootleg T-shirts to actual containers of the stuff kept long past their expiration dates. The pop culture site X-Entertainment released an oddly riveting account of trying to figure out if the drink was still being sold under a different name. It was, and that name was Shoutin' Orange Tangergreen.
"Mystery solved," the article stated. "If you can find Shoutin' Orange Tangergreen Hi-C, without the "no stain" label, you have found Ecto Cooler. The road to these findings has been long, sometimes arduous, and full of trips to the grocery store. "
So Ecto Cooler, if you're a certain breed of fan, was a really big deal. Which is why I found myself at my local grocery store on a Tuesday morning, arguing that the release date was yesterday, so why didn't they have any of the drink on store shelves yet?
It's not a reboot with a slightly different flavor. It's Ecto Cooler
"Availability is messy today," the Facebook page for the group Resurrect Ecto Cooler stated, "[which is] probably why Coke buried the release date in the original announcement of Ecto Cooler's return (though we had to tout it on this fan page, making for a bit of a fervor today!)"
Most grocery stores aren't equipped for this kind of launch. This isn't a video game or a movie, after all. It's a drink.
"There just aren't channels for timed brick and mortar releases of juice," the post continued. "When is there hype in the juice aisle? What grocer would foresee this? Never and few. Luckily Coke says they've got loads in the warehouse, waiting to be ordered. That's where you come in, if you want boxes, call your grocer and tell them what they're missing. Coke can't just send product, they have to want it. Provide UPC for ease: 0 25000 03242 4."
So yeah, people are getting surgical about this stuff. The wait for the drink to hit more retail channels feels interminable because, by all, accounts this is the real stuff. It's not just a package. It's not a reboot with a slightly different flavor. It's Ecto Cooler.
"It feels almost redundant to tell you what this means to me," Dinosaur Dracula (and X-entertainment) founder "Matt" wrote in their post about trying the re-released version of the drink. "After all, I've been writing about Ecto Cooler for close to fifteen years, dating back to that 'Ecto Cooler Bible' from the halcyon days of X-Entertainment. Ecto Cooler has been the totem animal — well, totem citrus drink — of my entire internet existence."
But it's not just about the business of pop culture nostalgia. That stuff is fun to read because these flavors, these drinks, have such strong sense memories.
"If you've never experienced Ecto Cooler, picture Orange Hi-C, but with just enough mysterious nuances to make it decidedly Not Just Orange Hi-C," Matt continued. "It tastes like lunch boxes and playgrounds and untied sneakers."
My own journey was a failure, at least today, but that's not a surprising outcome. It takes time to get this sort of thing on store shelves, and the official Twitter account for the rebooted drink advises patience. Based on anecdotal reports, it's also selling out the moment it hits store shelves, due to its high value on the secondary market.
This still feels like something I have to do, even with the momentary setbacks. Even if the value of the experience is based mostly on the idea of re-consuming my own childhood, along with 41 grams of sugar per can. But I want to taste it again. This is a flavor that may remind me of saving the best part of my lunch for last. Of watching cartoons in the basement of the house in which I grew up, while snacking on giant bowls of the puffy, never crunchy, Cheetos.
These flavors of our childhood are usually slowly outgrown, but Ecto Cooler was removed from sale. We're used to being able to experience what we want, when we want, so the idea of such a formative drink being kept in the "vault" for around 15 years is fascinating.
It's a sensory time capsule, and soon it will be widely available, even if the launch was uneven. For many of us that first taste will be like a shortcut to our memories of being young and having far fewer worries. And that's a feeling for which we're willing to pay.
High-speed photography is a fascinating way to capture the images that we don't often get to see. So many amazing things happen in the blink of an eye – moving too quickly for us to see more than a blur and the aftermath. Using clever equipment and quick shutters, these talented photographers freeze time and illuminate one single critical moment. If they time it just right, high-speed photographers can catch a moment of impact, explosion, or surprising movement – and it makes for incredible art.
Stefan's high-speed photographs combine the sophistication of fine art and the fun of watching stuff explode. The brave hand model with bright red fingernails in many of their pictures holds items which are then shot with a gun. The resulting images are not only beautiful, but fascinating – not to mention a little dangerous.
The liquid sculptures of Martin Waugh are amazingly intricate and often involve surprising shapes. Although they admit that liquids are difficult to control, Martin Waugh seems to have a knack for capturing the perfect moment. Their images are created with high-speed flash photography and cleaned up – but not altered – in Photoshop. The combination of movement, color and organic shapes makes these images unforgettable. Martin Waugh kindly shares their techniques on their blog, and they also sell prints of their work.
These images from Peter Wienerroither of light bulbs shattering and burning show just how much detail can be captured with high-speed photography. Each tiny bit of glass is illuminated and frozen in mid-air – and you can almost hear the sound of shattering glass.
The high-speed photography of Boris Bos uses the simple but elegant combination of apples and water. The moment of impact is captured, with every drop of water taking on its own graceful shape as it leaps into the air.
Jasper Nance is, without a doubt, one of the best high-speed photographers to ever fire a gun. Them creative and innovative images are captured using a homemade high-speed flash, which is itself a work of art. Many of their photographs involve items being shot with various types of guns; they then captures the resulting explosions, splatters, and crazy airborne patterns made by the guts of the fired-upon object. Them photos look like research or scientific experiments, but she's in it for the art – and the fun.
Hannoc's unique photos explore what happens to balloons when they are pierced or shot. Freezing the exact moment of breakage provides a fascinating picture of the balloon literally peeling away from its contents, which for that split second remain in place as though still held by the balloon.
Johnny Chung Lee is an all-around phenomenal photographer. Their love of photography shows through in every image they produce, whether it's a portrait, a still life, or an exploding beer bottle. These playful high-speed images beautifully show off Johnny Chung Lee's skill, while all of the photos on their website prove their versatility.
First steps! Design websites from conception to production. Seven years of self-taught hard work.
Multimedia contents for the university. Scorm / As3 / PHP / MySQL. Created graphic design for websites, interactive CDs and banners.
Design, development and management of client websites, applications, campaigns. I developed code for high-traffic websites. Clients: Unilever, Nintendo, Peroni SPA, Algida.
Created visual designs and developed websites, banners, e-newsletters, contests, branding. I worked for Wind, Infostrada, Eagle Pictures, BIM Distribuzione.
Web developer responsible for the development and operation of multiple websites and e-learning platforms. I worked directly with clients such as Alitalia or Polizia di Stato.
Management of a digital agency, web development, project design, management. I worked on Mobile Applications, designed Web service APIs and backends, developed payment gateways and E-learning solutions for several high-profile clients. Clients: Sapienza University of Rome, several cinema production companies.
Cross-functional teams, Agile methodologies, mentoring, development in scalable applications, programming principles, unit testing, Javascript, Backbone, TDD, React, Authoring and maintaining HTML and CSS for complex, rapidly-iterated projects.
Front-end engineering, UI engineering and some Product Design experiments.
Please have a look at my LinkedIn profile for a longer list.
Past Clients
You can have a look at my past jobs and clients in this video hosted on Vimeo
Over the years I worked for:
The two hottest companies in the tech world are arguably both succeeding because they are a reaction to the problems of open ecosystems.
Last week, nearly the entire technology industry cheered as Facebook announced that it had finally decided to become a public company, in what will undoubtedly be one of the richest IPOs in Wall Street history. We can certainly forgive the tech world's irrational exuberance. After all, it's kind of like one of our hometown heroes just got selected as the No. 1 pick in the draft and is about to sign a groundbreaking contract with the New York Yankees.
Meanwhile, Apple recently revealed that its products generated $46 billion in revenue in the final quarter of 2011 and the company walked away with $13 billion in profit. It was the most profitable quarter ever for a tech company, and one of the most profitable quarters in the history of U.S. business — only oil companies such as Exxon have ever made more money in a three-month period. If Facebook is the tech world's No. 1 draft choice, then Apple is its triple-crown-winning slugger and MVP.
On the surface, these two companies have very little in common. Apple is a finely-tuned hardware and software juggernaut while Facebook is a young, free-wheeling, highly-experimental web platform. Apple is one of the most secretive public companies on earth while Facebook believes that privacy is a relic of a bygone era.
However, the tech world's two hottest companies have one major factor in common — they've both spurned tech's legacy of open ecosystems in favor of building a massive walled garden. Previously, the conventional wisdom was that the walled garden approach could be very profitable but couldn't attract the masses and would never scale. Apple and Facebook have both aimed straight at the conventional wisdom and steamrolled it. They simply built bigger gardens, and taller walls.
In many ways, the popularity of Apple and Facebook is a reaction to the problems that average users encounter with open ecosystems. In other words, it's no coincidence that these are the two most popular companies in tech right now.
Keep in mind that open ecosystems bring important benefits to users:
Similar user experiences across products from different companies
Commoditization, which drives down prices
User-centric controls and customizations
Portability of apps and data across competing systems
However, open systems also have their problems, and as technology has multiplied and ended up in the hands of a lot more people, those problems have become more acute.
Because the product needs to run across lots of different environments, it inevitably gets dumbed down to the lowest common denominator. This often means missing out on the opportunity to quickly and broadly implement cutting edge technologies and innovations. In proprietary environments where one company controls the whole process, that company doesn't have to wait for consensus on standards, it can move quickly and unilaterally. That can be translated into a competitive advantage in a quickly-evolving industry.
Open systems can also lead to the "Wild, Wild, West" effect. By design, open ecosystems almost always have low barriers to entry to participate in the creative process so that the community can help refine and extend the product. However, that also opens the door for malicious attackers and other knuckleheads to intrude on the user experience.
For example, in the PC world (a semi-open ecosystem), this resulted in the rise of spyware and malware problems that have bogged down computers and compromised user security and privacy. Apple's closed systems (Macs, iPads, and iPhones) occasionally suffer from some of the same issues, but not nearly to the same extremes as Windows PCs, or now Android devices. However, the price of that peace of mind is that you are locked into Apple devices. Any apps you buy for an Apple system will not run on a system from any other company.
On the open web, you don't usually have to spend much time on blogs, photo sharing sites, or message boards to experience the unpleasantness of nasty, anonymous jerks who like to launch themselves into conversations in order to harass people for sport. One of the reasons for Facebook's rapid rise was that created a way to have online conversations with the people you wanted to talk to, without the jerks. It is a private, proprietary network where two people have to mutually agree to see each other's content and be able to comment on it.
Of course, as Facebook rose to become the Internet's largest site and accepted more and more money from investors, it veered away from that original mission. It now wants users to make most of their information public (so Facebook can better monetize it), while still keeping that data locked up in Facebook's servers and not allowing users to export it. This is one of the main reasons why I think Facebook is destined to be disrupted. Users don't like it when you change the rules on them in the middle of the game, and that's one of the reasons why consumer satisfaction with Facebook is lower than the IRS. Nevertheless, there's no denying that the meteoric rise of Facebook was partly a reaction to some of the problems of the open web.
Now, the general expectation in the tech world seems to be that the pendulum will swing back in favor of open systems once people get annoyed and tired of the lock-in of closed, proprietary systems. I'll admit that's been my assumption for the past couple years. But, there are no signs that it's going to happen any time soon. The mounting successes of Apple and Facebook are evidence that closed systems are still on the ascent. In fact, as the ownership of the tech world passes from the hands of the geeks and into the hands of the masses, the more alarming question is, "Are the masses simply more comfortable with closed systems?" If the answer turns into an unequivocal "yes," then we are in for a bigger and longer-term sea change than most of us are talking about right now.
Other takes on this issue
People with state-issued handgun carry permits will be allowed to be armed within Tennessee's new legislative office complex.
Lawmakers and staff are beginning their move into the renovated Cordell Hull office building near the state Capitol this week. The facility is scheduled to open to the public this month.
House Speaker Beth Harwell and Senate Speaker Randy McNally announced Wednesday that people who wish to keep their guns on them inside the building will be required to present their permits at security checkpoints.
Earlier efforts to allow handguns within the old Legislative Plaza complex were thwarted because Gov. Bill Haslam's administration said it had oversight over the building and did not want to go along with the change.
"Carry permit holders will be allowed to carry their firearms into the Cordell Hull Building, the new home of the Tennessee General Assembly. Tennessee carry permit holders are among the most law-abiding demographics in our state. To receive a permit, a citizen must be fingerprinted, submit to a background check and receive firearm training. Permit holders wishing to carry their firearms into Cordell Hull will be required to present their permit at security. A thorough screening process will determine the validity of the permit. Once that validity is established, a permit holder will be allowed exercise their Second Amendment while visiting their state government." –Lieutenant Governor Randy McNally and Speaker Beth Harwell
Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Variety
St. John is home to 20+ snorkeling spots.
There are some amazing snorkeling spots in the Carribean. From Turks and Caicos, to Roatan in Honduras, to Grand Cayman to Bonaire. BUT, one thing that really separates St. John for these snorkeling spots is the variety. St. John has over two dozen unique beaches and snorkeling locations, each one different than the last.
Whether you want to remove your fins for some mangrove snorkeling in Hurricane Hole or Princess Bay, enjoy the underwater park at Trunk Bay, float in calm waters with the sea turtles in Maho Bay, or take a long swim around the cay at Cinnamon Bay – St. John has it all.
For those of you looking for an adventure, and love to try a new snorkeling spot (or two) each day – St. John is the easiest and most rewarding location to do so.
Ease of Entry
Right from the beach. No boats, tours, money to get there.
One very underrated aspect to snorkeling, is the logistics of getting to the location. For the majority of the snorkeling in St. John you can park your jeep, walk to the beach, jump in the water, and start snorkeling!
There are some incredible snorkeling locations in Belize, for example, but they all require a boat to access. This means scheduling a tour/bout guide, paying for it each day, and being set to a strict schedule. And hey! You're on vacation after all! Don't you want to march to your own beat?
Range of Difficulty
For those that have been a few snorkeling times, you usually want to make some progression with your snorkeling abilities. Maybe that means diving a little further underwater, snorkeling a longer distance to your destination, or fighting a stronger current. Safety is the utmost concern, but challenging yourself is important to some.
And for those of you that are brand new to snorkeling, Maho Bay and Trunk Bay offer an excellent environment to learn. Trunk Bay has lifeguards, and Maho Bay has the calmest snorkeling water I have yet to witness. Don't be scared – jump in the water!
Away From the Crowd
Although St. John has increasingly gotten more popular over the years, the small Virgin Island still has enough beaches and snorkeling locations to spread the love. Trunk Bay and Cinnamon Bay may get busy during midday, but if you are an early riser or late to leave – you can often find yourself snorkeling all by yourself. BLISS. No need to elbow the pack of cruise shippers like you have to at Grand Cayman. You can have this island to yourself.
Beautiful
Oh yeah. Did I mention? St. John is absolutely beautiful! I mean breathtaking. The majority of the coast is an untouched national park, which means for beautiful landscape and views. The water is clear, the visibility is great and the sand is white. It's perfect for those selfie snorkel shots – like the one below!
Want to learn more about St. John? See my St. John Travel Guide.
The Guide includes:
Ireland is seen as an oasis of calm by business leaders around the world, a new report has concluded.
Each year Brand Finance evaluates countries according to how valuable it deems its “national brand” and ranks them accordingly.
The value of Ireland's national brand jumped some 24% in the space of a year from $344 billion to $427 billion. It's overall strength however remains comparable with last year when it was awarded an AAA- rating.
The result has been attributed to Ireland's commitment to continued EU membership and its strong, economic, family and cultural ties to Britain and America.
3
“As a bridge between the US, the UK and the EU, Ireland is somewhat of an island of calm in a sea of macro and microeconomic troubles,” Brand Finance managing director for Ireland, Simon Haigh, told the Irish Times.
The United States retained its top slot in the ranking with $21 trillion in national brand value – far and above China in second place with $10 trillion. Its overall modest growth of only 2% since 2016 led to its brand strength being downgraded to AAA- from AAA the previous year.
The report described America's performance as “stagnation” and declared that “perceptions of Donald Trump's presidency are not exactly helping Brand America”. The administration's proposed tax cut might yet boost the United States in the short term, but whilst Trump remains in office “[r]ecovering [global] influence in the future may be close to impossible.”
3
The United Kingdom's national brand value, meanwhile, has bounced up by 6% from $2.94 trillion in 2016 to $312 trillion this year. Predictions that the country's vote to leave the EU last year would tip the island into recession in 2017 have been proved wrong and its brand strength remains unchanged at AAA.
“Uncertainty has not inflicted the widely expected negative impact on the UK's nation brand value,” the report admits, “but the future of Brand Britain depends on the UK government's ability to mitigate potential dangers and negotiate a divorce deal with the European Union that secures the country's economic interests.”
Other highly ranked countries include Europe's powerhouse, Germany, which increased its national brand value by 4% and Japan which zoomed up by 15%.
Read more: How Ireland can become President Trump's best partner in Europe
VANCOUVER, BC – Vancouver Whitecaps FC announced today the additions of midfielder/striker Paulo Jr., as well as strikers Tom Heinemann and Corey Hertzog. Per Major League Soccer and club policy, terms of the contracts were not disclosed.
Paulo Jr. – Whitecaps FC midfielder/striker
Selected by Whitecaps FC with the 10th pick in Stage 2 of the 2012 MLS Re-Entry Draft on December 14, 2012
Scored seven goals and registered seven assists in 43 matches across all competitions for Real Salt Lake (2010-2012)
Tom Heinemann – Whitecaps FC striker
Scored three goals and added one assist in two seasons with Columbus Crew
Played part of the 2010 season under head coach Martin Rennie at Carolina RailHawks
Corey Hertzog – Whitecaps FC striker
Spent the last two seasons with the New York Red Bulls after being their first selection (13th overall) in the 2011 MLS SuperDraft
Led NCAA Division I with 20 goals scored in 2010
“Paulo Jr. is a tricky midfielder and brings good pace to the wing, Tommy is a big forward who holds the ball well and offers us something a little different than the rest of our forwards and Corey is a smart player with natural goal scoring ability,” said Martin Rennie, Whitecaps FC head coach. “All three players are capable of contributing to our attack, but they will need to work hard to earn a regular spot on the roster.”
Paulo Jr., who turns 24 today, comes to Vancouver after being selected by Whitecaps FC with the 10th pick in Stage 2 of the 2012 MLS Re-Entry Draft on December 14, 2012. Previously, the Brazilian spent the last three seasons with Western Conference rivals Real Salt Lake after originally being acquired on loan from North American second division club Miami FC. During their time in Utah, Paulo Jr. scored seven goals and registered seven assists in 43 matches across all competitions.
Prior to their move to RSL, Paulo Jr. played three seasons for Miami FC (now Fort Lauderdale Strikers). The native of Teresina, Brazil, then returned to the club on a short loan spell during the 2012 season. In total, the 5-foot-7, 158-pound striker scored 17 goals and registered eight assists for the Florida-based club in 46 appearances.
Starting their career in their home country, Paulo Jr. made their professional debut with Itu, São Paulo side Ituano Futebol Clube in 2008 after making their way through the youth ranks. The talented attacking player also spent time with the youth teams of Teresina, Piauí club Esporte Clube Flamengo.
Heinemann, 25, joins Whitecaps FC after spending the past two seasons with Eastern Conference side Columbus Crew. The 6-foot-4, 190-pound striker started 12 of their 29 appearances for the Crew, scoring three goals and adding one assist.
Prior to joining the Crew, Heinemann scored 10 goals and added seven assists in 46 appearances with Charleston Battery in the United Soccer Leagues First Division (USL-1). During the 2010 season, the native of St. Louis, Missouri, helped Charleston win the USL Second Division title, was selected to the USL All-League First Team, and was named the USL-2 Championship MVP. Following the USL-1 season, Heinemann was loaned to United States Soccer Federation Division-2 Pro League side Carolina RailHawks, where they played under Rennie. In 12 matches, Heinemann scored six goals to help the RailHawks reach the USSF D-2 Championship final.
In college, Heinemann attended Rockhurst University in Kansas City from 2006 to 2008 and was named to the National Soccer Coaches Association of America (NSCAA) and adidas NCAA Division II men's All-America team in both their sophomore and junior years. In between their collegiate seasons, Heinemann played in the USL Premier Development League (PDL) with St. Louis Lions, scoring 35 goals in 36 matches over three seasons.
Hertzog, 22, joins Whitecaps FC after spending the past two seasons with New York Red Bulls, making seven first team appearances and scoring one goal in US Open Cup action. A member of MLS 2011 Generation adidas class, Hertzog was selected by the Red Bulls with their first selection (13th overall) in the 2011 MLS SuperDraft.
During the 2012 season, the 6-foot, 175-pound striker was loaned to Wilmington Hammerheads of the United Soccer Leagues Professional Division (USL PRO), registering 11 goals and five assists in 20 matches.
From 2008 to 2010, Hertzog played National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA) soccer for Penn State University. As a member of the Nittany Lions, the Reading, Pennsylvania, native scored 33 goals and recorded 14 assists in 61 matches. In 2010, their junior year, Hertzog led NCAA Division I in goals scored when they connected 20 times and was named a semifinalist for the MAC Hermann Trophy – annual NCAA award present to the nation's best college soccer player. In between their collegiate seasons, Hertzog played for Reading United A.C of the USL Premier Development League (PDL), scoring four goals and recording one assist in 12 matches.
Paulo Morais de Araujo Junior (Paulo Jr.)
Position: Midfielder/striker
Height: 5-08
Weight: 160
Born: January 23, 1989 in Teresina, Brazil
Hometown: Teresina, Brazil
Citizenship: Brazil
Last Club: Real Salt Lake (Major League Soccer)
How Acquired: Selected by Whitecaps FC with the 10th pick in Stage 2 of the 2012 MLS Re-Entry Draft on December 14, 2012. Signed on January 22, 2013
Tom Heinemann
Position: Striker
Height: 6-4
Weight: 190
Born: April 23, 1987, in St Louis, Missouri
Hometown: St. Louis, Missouri
Citizenship: American
College: Rockhurst University in Kansas City
Last Club: Columbus Crew (Major League Soccer)
How Acquired: Acquired by Whitecaps FC as a free agent on January 22, 2013
Corey Hertzog
Position: Striker
Height: 6-0
Weight: 175
Born: August 1, 1990 in Reading, Pennsylvania
Hometown: Reading, Pennsylvania
Citizenship: United States
College: Penn State University
Last Club: New York Red Bulls (Major League Soccer)
How Acquired: Acquired by Whitecaps FC as a free agent on January 22, 2013
Whitecaps FC 2013 MLS season tickets start at $349, plus applicable tax and a $10 processing fee per order. To secure a seat and for additional information about Whitecaps FC MLS season tickets, including Pitchside Club and suites, call 604.669.9283 or visit whitecapsfc.com/tickets.
The Chicago Bears might face their toughest test of the season without their best player.
Cornerback Charles Tillman told WSCR-AM in Chicago they won't play in Sunday night's game against the 7-1 Houston Texans if their wife goes into labor.
"The wife is due any day, so hopefully this baby can stay in until after the game on Sunday," Tillman said. "I hope they stay in -- I'm having another girl. Monday, for sure, but if they come Sunday, I think I'm going to have to be at the hospital Sunday. So, I hope they stay in until after Sunday."
Tillman's choice is a noble one that not every Bears fan will support. They were a one-man wrecking crew in Sunday's blasting of the Tennessee Titans. Tillman forced four fumbles in the 51-20 win, giving them seven on the season.
Donate to the Red Cross Join the NFL in aiding those affected by Hurricane Sandy.
More ... Join the NFL in aiding those affected by Hurricane Sandy.
Sunday night's matchup looms as a forum for Tillman and Texans pass-rusher J.J. Watt to make their case in the race for defensive player of the year. Watt has been a terror for Houston, taking apart opposing quarterbacks and owning the line of scrimmage. Tillman, at age 31, is the engine behind a dominant Bears defense.
This game is a potential Super Bowl preview, but the birth of Tillman's daughter only happens once. There will be another Sunday.
Follow Marc Sessler on Twitter @MarcSesslerNFL.
Other reviewers have given away the sad plotline of this book, but I'll go ahead and put a
****SPOILER ALERT****
This was really sad. :( I truly wasn't expecting Ty to die midway through the book. I'd gotten to know them and thought they seemed like such a sweet little guy. Then they die? That's not at all what I was expecting in a romance novel like this.
****END SPOILER****
This author was easy to read, and I was enjoying the story. It was a fairly simple plot - actually, it reminded me a lot of "Love Comes Softly" - much of the story was exactly that plot - including the child who wasn't keen on having a new mother come into the home.
There were the occasional spelling and grammatical errors that did distract from the story; there were a few times in which I had to reread the sentence multiple times to figure out what it was trying to convey. But I was willing to forgive those errors, because I was curious to know what happened next in the story.
This wasn't a completely "squeaky clean" story - meaning there was a bit of language and some intimacy within marriage. So, if someone is looking for that kind of book, you might be a little cautious. However, the amount of those things isn't overwhelming, and I don't think it would be a drawback to reading it, if you're willing to accept the little bit that's there.
Another reviewer said, though, "The book is well written and easy to read but I will not read another by this author. I don't like to feel cheated and reading about a dead toddler isn't my idea of escapism. If I want sad and depressing I will just watch the news." And I'm afraid I have to agree with this assessment of the book. If this is indicative of the kind of stories this series is about, I think I need to pass. Coming across that in the book was a shock last night and not what I was wanting in a romance. True life romance may not always be happy, but a romance novel should be. A romance novel should leave you happy after reading it. This one didn't. :(
The liberal news site ‘Slate' has been against Trump since they started running, they still are too. Now we learn that they just lost one of their chief officers. And they're bleeding revenue. What a shame.
The New York Post reported:
Slate head leaves amid company's financial woes
But Mets fans should not worry, it is not the former team captain and current SNY broadcaster who is out of work.
Trending: CNN Told By South Korean Official: “Clearly Credit Goes To President Trump” (VIDEO)
This Hernandez of the same name — but different middle initial — is Keith R. Hernandez, a devoted anti-Trump tweeter who was president of Slate Media.
“Keith Hernandez is leaving Slate and we're interviewing for a chief revenue officer,” Slate Chairman Jacob Weisberg told Media Ink.
Slate doesn't break out its financials separately from Graham Holdings Co., the public entity that was left behind when one-time Washington Post Chief Executive Donald Graham sold the newspaper to Amazon founder Jeff Bezos.
But Slate, one of the oldest digital magazines, and founded by Microsoft, appears to be bleeding red ink again.
Here are a few examples of Slate's anti-Trump bias on Twitter:
Trump's potential for violating the constitution with conflicts of interest is real: https://t.co/CBcuUX1YJM pic.twitter.com/mvz33qtXlj — Slate (@Slate) November 27, 2016
Donald Trump flat out lies about "millions" of illegal votes in election. https://t.co/yxUEmLNnYv pic.twitter.com/8dAfyaucR4 — Slate (@Slate) November 28, 2016
All of the companies, sports teams, and chefs who won't do business with Donald Trump: https://t.co/WT28UD7G5Z pic.twitter.com/Dv3MCuDCVH — Slate (@Slate) November 28, 2016
Gee. How are they losing so much business?
(Image:Source)
President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE repealed the so-called “blacklisting rule” Monday that required federal contractors to disclose labor violations.
The Obama-era rule was intended to prevent the government from contracting with businesses responsible for wage theft or workplace safety violations at any point within the last three years. But business groups feared it gave unions the upper hand at the bargaining table.
Trump struck down the blacklisting rule, along with three other regulations aimed at protecting the environment and students, Monday afternoon during a White House signing ceremony.
The other regulations Trump overturned include the Interior Department's land use rule, as well as the Education Department's rules for teacher preparation and school accountability.
The regulatory repeals provide a much-needed distraction for the White House, as Republicans look to quickly turn the page on their failed attempt to eliminate ObamaCare.
“Only one [other] time in our history did a president sign a bill to cancel federal regulations,” Trump told a roomful of Republican lawmakers as they touted their accomplishment.
Employers were particularly concerned about the blacklisting rule.
“The rule violated the due process rights of contractors by forcing them to report mere allegations of misconduct — which are often frivolous and filed with nefarious intentions by special interest groups,” said Ben Brubeck, vice president of regulatory affairs at the Associated Builders and Contractors.
But repealing the blacklisting rule could raise labor concerns for Trump, as many of the working-class voters who supported the president last November may see it as a betrayal of one of their central campaign promises to improve their wages and working conditions.
“The message Donald Trump is sending today is that there are no consequences for companies who break American Labor law,” said Joseph Geevarghese, executive director of Good Jobs Nation, which is part of the movement lobbying for a $15 federal minimum wage.
President Obama's executive order calling for the blacklisting rule was partly inspired by the Chemical Safety Board, an independent agency that recommended “additional contractor responsibility” in a 2013 report.
But in opposition to efforts from the Trump administration and Republican lawmakers, the Chemical Safety Board said earlier this month that it is “unacceptable” the rule is falling apart.
Republicans lawmakers voted to strike down these regulations through the Congressional Review Act, which allows certain regulations to be undone while preventing the minority in the Senate from using the filibuster.
Before Trump, the seldom-used law had only been used successfully once in 2001 when then-President George W. Bush repealed a Clinton-era labor regulation.
Since January, Trump has repealed seven regulations under the Congressional Review Act, with more expected in the coming weeks.
Amit Narang, regulatory policy advocate at the left-leaning Public Citizen, accused Republicans of challenging “every rule under the sun.”
James Goodwin, senior regulatory policy analyst at the Center for Progressive Reform, criticized GOP lawmakers for the “orgy of Congressional Review Act resolutions” they are sending to Trump.
“It's an incredibly reckless approach to congressional oversight,” Goodwin said. “We're talking about rules that have been in the works for four, five, six, seven years. They're lining them up for repeal, even though they probably have no idea what they do or which agency they came from.”
“That sort of thoughtful deliberation has fallen by the wayside for too many Republicans,” they said.
Sam Batkins, director of regulatory policy at the conservative American Action Forum, admitted the Congressional Review Act is a “pretty blunt instrument,” because it not only repeals these regulations, but it also prohibits future presidents from issuing similar rules.
What has surprised Batkins and other conservatives are the number of obscure rules Congress is repealing this way.
“One thing I was struck by is that some of the regulations being repealed are not things that were on my radar,” said Susan Dudley, the former administrator of the White House's Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs under President George W. Bush.
Even in their post-White House days, Dudley keeps a good handle on the regulations making their way through the federal government. “Some of these rules I expected them to repeal, but others I did not,” they said.
Messaging app SendChat, aims to boost mainstream adoption of cryptocurrencies by allowing users to send and receive Bitcoin, Dogecoin, Darkcoin and Sendcoin - its own cryptocurrency - in a seamless manner.
SendChat uses the same open source script and infrastructure as Telegram, a popular cloud-based mobile and desktop app that focuses on speed and security that currently counts over 50 million users around the world.
SendChat hopes its "groundbreaking Bitcoin and cryptocurrency app will aid in the mainstream adoption of cryptocurrencies."
"By integrating cryptocurrency into a popular messaging app, we create a way for the average user to witness how easy it is to use," reads SendChat's whitepaper.
"Yes, there are wallets and yes there are messaging apps, but until now no company has been truly successful with making the entire process intuitive to the user and getting their idea to catch on."
SendChat will have the same features as Telegram, but with additional ones as well, including the "Send" feature, a simple button that will allow users to send cryptocurrencies, including Bitcoin, Dogecoin, Darkcoin and SendCoin, to their contacts.
"SendChat integration is great for Darkcoin as it brings cryptocurrencies to the masses," commented Philipp Engelhorn, press and media relations officer at Darkcoin.
They continued:
"SendChat will have access to the 50 million Telegram users. Coins still have to be sent through a separate app, SendChat, but it will be great for tipping and small fees. I believe that this is a new beginning of easy to use money transfers."
Focus on security
SendChat will be focused on convenience and ease of use, while keeping in mind security and user's privacy, the company said in an announcement.
The app will be using an Amazon EC2 DDoS mitigation provider to guarantee network stability and prevent attacks. All data will be encrypted using the SSL protocol, and stored safely, along with multi-signature functions.
Other SendChat's offerings include an in-app store, a news feed, donation features for NGOs and charities, a cryptocurrency educational program, and more.
The startup is currently holding a crowdfunding campaign on BlockTrust, a crowdfunding platform dedicated to blockchain projects, and is expected to release SendChat app v1 on March 3, 2015.
Launched in 2013 by the brothers Nikolai and Pavel Durov, the founders of VK, Telegram is a cross-platform IM system that focuses on speed and security. As of December 2014, Telegram is said to generate 1 billion daily messages, with 1 million new users signing up every week.
Did you enjoy this article? You may also be interested in reading these:
Modern, and especially Contemporary Art is astonishing when it comes to recycling, or reusing and recreating, rather – after all, all of Art is a constant recreation… – teaching us that it is the context and meaning that gives objects their artistic atributes, not its material or technical quality. Does this make us all artists? It's very unlikely, but one thing is for sure, the line that devides it is getting more and more blurred and Art has definitely left the museums and democratised itself. A sign of the times.Maybe we'll experience some resistance to call Jeremy Mayer an artist. It's arguable. It's a fact that he's someone without a formal training in this area, he's self-taught, that is. But that doesn't really matter and didn't stop them from venturing into this world. They started out by trying out other artistic areas, from design to hiper-realist drawing, from molding to foundry. Finally, they seem to have settled for typewriters.
We Recommend:
A panic alarm has had to be installed at a Tralee hair salon following a number of incidents of intimidation and harassment of staff by a north African asylum seeker. Tralee District Court heard that 37 year-old Chaker Tbini called to the Peter Mark salon at Abbey Court, Tralee on a number of occasions over the Christmas and New Year period. On a number of occasions, they were in breach of bail conditions imposed by a special sitting of the District Court on New Year's Day. Chaker Tbini was back before the District Court for breaching bail conditions including that they stay west of St John's Church in Tralee and away from the Peter Mark hair salon. The court heard that Mr Tbini had called to the salon on a number of occasions offering to work as a cleaner there. They called twice on Christmas Eve and again on December 30th and 31st when they were abusive and threatening towards staff. The Tunisian national – who is an asylum seeker – was warned at a special court sitting on New Year's Day not to go near the premises but did so again. Staff at Peter Mark had installed a panic alarm and management had been forced to consider a buzz-in system to admit customers. Staff has said they would not turn up for work if Mr Tbini was released from custody. Defence solicitor, Pa Daly, said their client had misunderstood the bail conditions and was apologetic. Judge James O'Connor said they had concerns about the personal safety of the 16 staff working at the salon and said Mr Tbini seemed fixated with two or three of them. They imposed an eight month jail sentence and ordered Mr Tbini to appear in court again on January 21st when further charges are anticipated.
Spain Talks about the past and present of Spain and Azulgrana
Xavi Hernandez recently sat down with MARCA in Doha and revealed how they have got along with their various national team bosses over the years.
The former Barcelona midfielder also spoke about the direction the Spanish national squad are heading, as well as its past and future.
How is Julen Lopetegui's Spain looking?
"I love and really enjoy watching them play, I don't feel they are any different from our side when I was involved but Julen is promising very good things. There seems to be more pressure applied on the opposition, as well as having a lot of the ball and attacking play, this current generation is very good."
"Marco Asensio is one of the best players that Spain have produced in the last ten years and with the likes of Sergio Ramos, David Silva, Andres Iniesta, Jordi Alba, Sergio Busquets along with Pedro, Thiago, Dani Carvajal, Alvaro Morata and Isco, we have a great team."
Were you surprised by David Villa's call-up?
"No. They deserve it because they did not have a good ending to their international career. When we needed a goal they were always there to score for us. He's very fit and the best striker Spain has had for years. Lopetegui may receive some criticism for picking Villa, but I feel it's the right one as they still have the mentality of a 20-year-old."
Does this give a renewal message when it comes to being selected?
"I feel what Julen does is give out a message that whoever is fit and playing, even if it is in Dubai or the MLS, if you're in shape: then you are picked. On the contrary, Diego Costa is training alone whilst Villa is competing well over in the United States."
The Angel Maria Villar case, did it surprise you?
"I know everything that has happened, the deal with all the players has been very good and now we will see what justice does. If there has to be another president of the RFEF, I would like it to be Luis Rubiales as they are prepared and would fit perfectly in the position."
Does it now increase the magnitude of winning both Euros and the World Cup?
"As a footballer, I realised that the difficult thing is not to win but to keep winning. Because you always want to beat the best, and their rivals sense blood. In Brazil, I saw how we were going over the same routine even though we were almost the same team from four years before."
The Chile game marked a before and after in the national team?
"Already in Euro 2012 there were criticisms towards me, I commented before the final that I would like to be more important in the game and I told Vicente Del Bosque that I wanted to leave. But against Italy I had one of the best matches of my career and Vicente asked me to think about it and insisted that I stay. In the World Cup we lost the first game and although I was not the worst, against Chile I was left on the bench. I found this out in the last second of the team talk, an hour and a half before the game and I felt cheated."
"It was a very strong disappointment as they wanted to rest me before we played Australia. Del Bosque is a good-natured person, I have them on a pedestal but they failed me."
What did you learn from Luis Aragones?
"He's the person who made a change in my career, they were important for Barcelona, but not key. From minute one, Luis told me that I was the boss and that their back was on the line if I failed, then they failed. They recognized that they had been wrong to have left me out before and that they would not expose himself, they were a master at group management."
"He would say to me: 'You and ten Japanese, who care for me, that if you are, I am calm. You are not placed in the town hall'."
Your squad's achievements with Spain, are they unrepeatable?
"There has always been a good atmosphere because if there wasn't then we wouldn't have won anything. And I am sure that there also is now."
Despite the rows between Ramos and Gerard Pique?
"Most of the time spent with Spain is just a laugh, At midnight we would gather in Pepe Reina's room to drink milk with croissants, That's what I miss the most."
Do you mind about missing out on the Ballon d'Or?
"No, but the day before they called me and they told me that I won it, my friends organised a trip but when I got there I already realised. So when I came home I found my friends who looked like they were at a wake, it would have been unfair to Iniesta, Iker Casillas, Villa, Puyol, etc, who would have given it to me. It is a shame that there is no Ballon d'Or for a Spaniard of that successful time, as it was won by the best player in history, Lionel Messi."
The following is a rough guide on how we approach creating sounds for our assets here at Grinding Gear Games. Today we'll use Goatmen as an example.
The first thing to consider is variation between assets of the same type and the different animations they use. At this stage it's also worth thinking about precedence. Are there similar assets the audio should be based on? Chaos damage is a good example of this. Skills dealing this type of damage tend to follow a similar theme.
With that in mind, it's time to check out the asset implementation in game.
Figuring out how an asset behaves, and how frequently you'll encounter it in game, is important information to have before you begin editing audio together. Having many of the same objects on screen at once means the sound will need to be more varied for it to sound natural. The behavior then needs to be analysed. With monsters, fast animation speeds or repetitive skills will be something to keep an eye out for.
Next up is assembling various pieces of source audio. It's a good idea to consider if there are any preconceived ideas about the object you're designing for. Giant troll-like creature? There are plenty of pop culture references to point you in the right direction. In this case we've got a real world example, a goat, which makes it a little easier.
Now that we have a pool of source audio, it's time to start editing it together. Audio needs to be designed for a specific purpose. For example, death audio needs to be satisfying to hear repetitively, while idling audio needs to either signal a presence or contribute to the ambience.
Audio processing is then applied to blend different sounds together. This ties all of the different sounds used together and improves the overall quality of the sound. Weight is something considered here. Larger sounds are often more compressed and bass-heavy.
Next is implementation. We use a third party audio engine, FMOD. As you can see from the picture below, FMOD studio provides a sleek UI that makes tweaking sound parameters easy. Here's where variables like play chance, pitch variation, delay and distance attenuation can be tweaked live as you test in game.
Hopefully you've enjoyed this brief look into how sound design is approached for Path of Exile. Just a little side note: I've been working on a project with some good friends making music. We've just released an album and need 1000 likes on our facebook page as part of the prerequisites to qualify for NZ On Air funding. If you enjoy Alt-Rock we can be found here: For the last six years, our sound engineer Andrew has created all of the sound effects for Path of Exile. They have written a guest post for today's news, giving an inside look at how our sound effects are created.The following is a rough guide on how we approach creating sounds for our assets here at Grinding Gear Games. Today we'll use Goatmen as an example.The first thing to consider is variation between assets of the same type and the different animations they use. At this stage it's also worth thinking about precedence. Are there similar assets the audio should be based on? Chaos damage is a good example of this. Skills dealing this type of damage tend to follow a similar theme.With that in mind, it's time to check out the asset implementation in game.Figuring out how an asset behaves, and how frequently you'll encounter it in game, is important information to have before you begin editing audio together. Having many of the same objects on screen at once means the sound will need to be more varied for it to sound natural. The behavior then needs to be analysed. With monsters, fast animation speeds or repetitive skills will be something to keep an eye out for.Next up is assembling various pieces of source audio. It's a good idea to consider if there are any preconceived ideas about the object you're designing for. Giant troll-like creature? There are plenty of pop culture references to point you in the right direction. In this case we've got a real world example, a goat, which makes it a little easier.Now that we have a pool of source audio, it's time to start editing it together. Audio needs to be designed for a specific purpose. For example, death audio needs to be satisfying to hear repetitively, while idling audio needs to either signal a presence or contribute to the ambience.Audio processing is then applied to blend different sounds together. This ties all of the different sounds used together and improves the overall quality of the sound. Weight is something considered here. Larger sounds are often more compressed and bass-heavy.Next is implementation. We use a third party audio engine, FMOD. As you can see from the picture below, FMOD studio provides a sleek UI that makes tweaking sound parameters easy. Here's where variables like play chance, pitch variation, delay and distance attenuation can be tweaked live as you test in game.Hopefully you've enjoyed this brief look into how sound design is approached for Path of Exile. Just a little side note: I've been working on a project with some good friends making music. We've just released an album and need 1000 likes on our facebook page as part of the prerequisites to qualify for NZ On Air funding. If you enjoy Alt-Rock we can be found here: www.naughtfornothing.com
During the period from 60,000 to 800 years ago, the world lost most of its big animals, or “megafauna”. The cause of this mass extinction is controversial, nowhere more so than in Australia.
Australia's megafauna consisted of an amazing variety of bizarre creatures including giant wallabies and kangaroos; great wombat-like beasts such as Diprotodon, Zygomaturus and Palorchestes; and colossal birds and reptiles.
Did we lose these animals because of drastic climate changes? Or was it overhunting by ancient Aboriginal people, or indirect effects of people changing the vegetation with fire? Or perhaps some combination of these?
Our new study, featuring the most accurate dates ever compiled for these extinctions, finds that most species went extinct just a few millennia after humans first appeared in Australia, meaning that the arrival of humans was the decisive event in the megafauna's demise.
Finding the cause
To decide between the possible causes of climate change or human impact we need to compare the timing of extinction with human arrival and climate change. The graphic below shows three possible scenarios that could arise once the dates of these events have been established reliably.
Frédérik Saltré
In the first scenario, most animal extinctions occur soon after humans arrive. If there is no evidence for any large changes in climate at or immediately before this time, we might therefore conclude that humans were responsible.
In the second case, the animals go extinct after a period of coexistence with humans. The longer the coexistence, the more likely that other drivers like climate change could have contributed to the animals' demise. Alternatively, the slow pace of the eventual extinction could reflect gradual growth of human populations to sizes at which they begin to have impacts. Again, the key is whether the climate changed remarkably during this interval of coexistence.
The final possibility is that the extinctions preceded the arrival of humans, who therefore had nothing to do with it. If the climate changed noticeably when the animals went extinct, we can be confident that climate change was the main cause.
This seems straightforward, but the problem is getting good data to reconstruct these timelines. Dating techniques often give us highly uncertain (or even dodgy) estimates of the ages of fossils and other ancient material. And because of poor preservation in Australia's harsh climate, we have fewer fossils than in other parts of the world.
Building a reliable timeline
In our study, published in Nature Communications, we and our colleagues reconstructed the first reliable extinction timelines for 16 megafauna groups in Australia. We then matched these dates against the timing of humans' arrival in Australia, and against six different measures of prehistoric climate.
Our first challenge was the variable quality of fossil dates. Some published dates are either too uncertain to be useful, or are based on questionable or outdated techniques. We previously developed a system to assess the reliability of fossil dates, and we applied this to all published dates on Australia's megafauna.
The next problem was using the fossil dates to work out when species went extinct. Unfortunately, the youngest fossil almost never indicates the true timing of extinction. Fossilisation is so rare that it's practically impossible that the last individual of a species will wind up as a fossil. Extinction could be many thousands of years later than the date of the youngest fossil.
Several mathematical techniques can estimate the window of true extinction from a series of dates. We used these methods to infer extinction timing for this megafauna with enough reliable dates for analysis. We also used the same methods to estimate the time of human arrival from archaeological dates.
Last, we aligned these timelines with several climate measures going back to 120,000 years ago – temperature and precipitation variations, ice core data indicating relative temperature, El Niño intensity, and the speed at which a species would need to migrate to track the shifting climate conditions. We then checked to see whether large changes in these climate measures happened around the same time as any of the extinction events.
The result was remarkably clear. We found a peak of extinctions around 42,000 years ago – around 13,000 years after the arrival of humans. There was no correlation between extinction and any of the climate indicators (whether or not we allowed for time lags between climate changes and extinction).
This suggests that if climate did have a role, it was only minor or localised and cannot explain the broad pattern of extinctions over the whole continent.
Extinctions began when humans first arrived, but the peak in extinctions came 13,000 years later. This is an intriguing delay. On one hand, it clearly allows plenty of time for people to have become widespread and affect the continental ecosystem; on the other, it suggests that human impacts emerged only gradually. This may show that human populations in Australia grew very slowly at first, as suggested by other analyses of the archaeological record.
Frédérik Saltré
Is it that simple?
So it looks like humans did it, but we should note that our findings apply at the scale of the entire continent of Australia. Although our data are the best currently available, they do not rule out effects of climate on extinctions on a smaller regional scale. We still have a lot to learn about the details of the disappearance of our megafauna.
All banks have to switch to chip-based cards by December 2018. Customers can wait for the cards to be changed when they are up for renewal, or upgrade immediately. Here's what experts advise. Excerpts:
SANGRAM SINGH
Head-cards & payments business, Axis Bank Ltd
Chip-based cards offer a higher level of security compared to magnetic- strip cards. While banks are in the process of replacing magnetic stripe cards with chip-based cards, customer can switch to them by reaching out to their bank. While they are more secure, you should still not divulge any card-related information to anyone, and reset the PIN periodically.
SIVARAMA KRISHNAN
Leader- cybersecurity, PwC India
It is always advisable to move to a more secure system, in this case a chip-based system. All old magnetic stripe-based cards have to be replaced by the chip-based system by December 2018. So, it makes sense for the customers to go back to the bank and replace their older cards with the chip-based ones, which are more secure. You can wait for a new card or do it on your own.
VIJAY JASUJA
Chief executive officer, SBI Cards
A customer can go to the bank or card issuer and get the card changed, and it is advisable to do so for the sake of card security. As of now, whenever a card comes up for renewal, we are getting it changed to EMV (chip-based) system. However, complete security of the card is only possible when PoS terminals and ATM machines also become EMV-compliant completely.
NAVROZE DASTUR
Managing director, NCR Corporation, India & South Asia
Chip card security is the latest standard in card security. This includes a small microchip in the cards that protects buyers against fraudulent transactions. Data on magnetic stripe cards is static, making it easier for fraudsters to lift your information and clone it. Data on chip cards is constantly changing. We recommend customers to move to chip-based cards to avoid data compromise.
England manager Gareth Southgate is considering allowing Marcus Rashford to be selected for the under-21 friendlies against Germany and Denmark this month, sources have told ESPN FC.
The games come ahead of the Manchester United forward's potential involvement in the European U21 Championships in Poland this summer.
Southgate is assessing options for the senior team before naming their squad for the forthcoming friendly against Germany in Dortmund and the World Cup qualifier against Lithuania at Wembley.
And sources said Rashford could yet be overlooked for the full team in order for them to be given guaranteed action with Aidy Boothroyd's U21.
Rashford, 19, scored a hat trick on their one previous appearance at that level in a 6-1 victory over Norway in Colchester last year when Southgate was in charge of the team.
They were selected for the fixture after Sam Allardyce omitted them from the squad for their sole game in charge of England, against Slovakia, at the start of this season.
Rashford has since returned to the seniors under Southgate, winning caps against Slovenia, Scotland and Spain.
But with their starting opportunities at United having been restricted by the form of Zlatan Ibrahimovic this season, they could miss out on a call-up for the Germany and Lithuania games.
Southgate and Boothroyd are both keen for Rashford to travel to Poland to underline their support for the Football Association's determination to ensure that every player eligible for the tournament is available.
Gareth Southgate has managed Marcus Rashford for the under-21s and the senior side.
But the prospect of Rashford being selected prompted United manager Jose Mourinho to raise objections in October.
They said: "If they become a regular in the national team and established, then to say it is important for their development with the U21s makes no sense.
"It's the same that he's a regular here with us, and then we are going to play them in the Under-23 Championship because we want to beat somebody and they can give us a help in that.
"Let's see what happens. If he's an U21 player then they are an U21 player and there is no discussion about that.
"But if they become a regular choice for Gareth Southgate in the first team, then we have to speak because we don't want them going [to Poland]."
With Harry Kane, Jamie Vardy and captain Wayne Rooney regarded as guaranteed selections in the senior squad this month barring injury, Southgate is likely to draft in only one more forward from a list including Rashford, Theo Walcott, Daniel Sturridge and Andy Carroll.
Southampton forward Nathan Redmond is being considered but is also eligible for the U21s and may remain with Boothroyd's squad to boost preparations for Poland.
Mark Ogden is a senior football writer for ESPN FC. Follow them @MarkOgden_
I have seen a few articles expressing the idea that we, in America, are much too hard and even disrespectful to President Barack Obama. This is a very limited view on the history of U.S. presidents. Only a few years ago, there was a movement to put President George W. Bush on trial for war crimes. It was a free for all for TV comedy. If we had something special in U.S. history about the president's relationship with the population, it is our constitutional right to be as critical as we please.
I'm not a fan of Rush Limbaugh, I think many times they are small minded and frivolous with their comments. That being said, one such article starts out by openly misrepresenting their statements. What Limbaugh said over and over, and I know this because I was sick of hearing it in the media, was that they believed that the policies of Pres. Obama would be bad for America. Therefore, if they failed to implement these policies, then America would succeed.
Joe Wilson apologized for calling Pres. Obama a liar in that setting during the State of the Union Address, but never retracted the statement. Pres. Obama was talking about healthcare reform in relation to illegal immigration. Their statements were later found to be less than truthful; making Joe Wilson right in what they said and wrong in how they said it. It should be mentioned that there have been a lot of untruthful statements regarding the Affordable Care Act made by President Obama. Is it disrespectful to point that out, or just reality?
I could go on about these events but lets look at some of the statements that have been made about other presidents and you can tell me if people are singling out Pres. Obama or if this is another example of unrepresented bias in media.
We can start with one article's hypocrisies. Just over halfway down you see this beloved and unsubstantiated statement about Pres. Obama with a small but pointed stab at presidents Bush and Clinton: “Unlike their predecessor, he's a very intelligent leader. And unlike that president's predecessor, he's a highly moral man.” And that's only the beginning of what people had to say about George W. Bush. Try these on:
nymag.com Published an article titled “Ten Reasons the George Bush Shoe Attack Was Completely Awesome.” In it they praised the reporter for calling our President a “dog” and throwing a shoe at Bush. This was the same thing that the oppressed Iraqis did to the statue of Saddam Hussein after the invasion. This website basically places the two leaders on the same level and is happy to do so.
Molly Ivins made this statement about Bush II in 2001, “Next time I tell you someone from Texas should not be president of the United States, please pay attention.” Not only did they insult the President but the quality of people living in an entire state.
Christopher Hitchens had these kind words, “[George W. Bush is] a man who is lucky to be governor of Texas.  They are a man who is unusually incurious, abnormally unintelligent, amazingly inarticulate, fantastically uncultured, extraordinarily uneducated, and apparently quite proud of all these things.”
But Bush II is an easy target. Let's go way back. I'm sure you have heard these impressive insults. The Washington Times published during the 2012 election that “President Obama justified their negative campaigning this year with a reference to the nastiness of the race for the White House in 1800…” So let's look at the election of 1800. John Adams had some harsh words published about him. It said they were a ”hideous hermaphroditical character which has neither the force and firmness of a man, nor the gentleness and sensibility of a woman.” Not to nice, right?
Stephen Douglas said of Abraham Lincoln, “horrid-looking wretch, sooty and scoundrelly in aspect, a cross between the nutmeg dealer, the horse-swapper and the nightman.” Another good one? “Lincoln is the leanest, lankest, most ungainly mass of legs and arms and hatchet face ever strung on a single frame.”
My biggest issue with the idea that people are being too hard on President Obama is the default idea that if you say anything negative about them it is because of your fundamental rooting in racism; it has nothing to do with policy, morality, or political rhetoric. It is because you can't stand having a black president. Now, racism is a real issue. Are there people who are so bigoted that they don't like the President because of their skin color? Unfortunately, yes. But that is the extreme minority and, in my opinion, they are just as racist as the people that voted for President Obama because they are black. If you throw the racism card every time someone has something rude or critical to say, then you are most likely ignoring ideas and not addressing the debate honestly.
So are we too hard on President Obama? I think I've made it clear that we are not any harder than we have been on any other president; and we should be hard. We have entrusted every president with our safety and freedom and we must be sure they are fulfilling their constitutional duty.
Share this:
Tweet
Email
Like this: Like Loading...
FORT WORTH – Kyle Busch did something in Friday night's Camping World Truck Series race that won't be soon forgotten.
And for it, he's been parked for the weekend at Texas Motor Speedway— including Sunday's Sprint Cup race, NASCAR President Mike Helton announced.
Under a caution brought out on lap 14 of the Winstar World Casino 350K at Texas Motor Speedway, Busch drove into the rear of Ron Hornaday's truck, spinning the championship contender into the wall and ending the night for both drivers.
NASCAR parked Busch for the night; Hornaday's car was ruined. The sanctioning body said Saturday morning that Busch would be parked for the weekend. Michael McDowell was set to assume Busch's ride.
The intentional act Friday night drew an immediate firestorm on Twitter among NASCAR Sprint Cup drivers, with Brad Keselowski, Jeff Gordon and Denny Hamlin among those speaking out.
And Kevin Harvick, owner of Hornaday's No. 33 truck and the eventual winner of the race, was heard on the radio after the incident saying, "Kyle Busch is going to get their ass whipped, I hope. They better sit in their motor home. I'm going to find him."
Hornaday, who entered the night 15 points behind series leader Austin Dillon, told reporters afterward that NASCAR should park Busch for Sunday's Sprint Cup race.
"Let's have at it, so I can go in there and beat (him)," Hornaday said outside the NASCAR hauler after the race. "He lives too close to me. We'll see what NASCAR does. If they don't handle it right, I'll be at their house Monday morning."
Hornaday got their wish.
In the interview room after the race, Sprint Cup championship contender Harvick said they had been "threatened with my life to stay away from Kyle Busch. … Three more weeks."
Busch was interviewed on Speed, which was airing the race, and said Hornaday was being careless when they tried to split a lapped truck and Busch going around a corner. Hornaday got loose, grazing Busch, whose No. 18 Toyota side-swiped the wall. That brought out the caution, and that's when Busch accelerated into Hornaday's bumper.
"If you consider Ron was in the championship, maybe Ron could have played it a little bit smarter on lap (14) and checked up a little bit," Busch said. "Obviously if you make it a three-wide situation, I can't go in the dirt. There's not three lanes out here.
"If I just lay over and give up everything for Ron Hornaday, that's not Kyle Busch's fashion. I'm out here to win a race just as much as anyone else is.
"I ended up losing my cool. I've been wrecked four weeks in a row, and finally I just had enough of it."
On Twitter immediately following the wreck, Keselowski tweeted, "No place for intentional wrecking in this sport. That's ridiculous!"
Keselowski, who along with Busch is a Chase for the Cup contender, added later on Twitter: "Imo, Regardless of anyone's thoughts or precedents about retaliation, intentionally altering the points standings should be a huge penalty."
Harvick wrapped up the season owners' title for their No. 2 truck, finishing ahead of series points leader and pole-sitter Dillon, who takes a 20-point lead over Johnny Sauter into the final race in two weeks.
James Buescher finished 19th, but was third right behind Dillon before running out of fuel on a caution that set up a green-white-checkered finish. Buescher dropped from second to third in points, 28 back.
That yellow flag wiped out a 4-second lead for Harvick, but they still drove to their fourth victory of the season and 13th in the series.
Busch and Hornaday made contact when trying to go three-wide around a slower truck of Johnny Chapman, who was on the inside. Hornaday ended up in the middle and made contact with Busch when they got loose, then both bushed the wall before the caution flag came out.
"I think Kyle definitely showed their immaturity, and why he's just one of those guys that just can't stand to loose, and just a poor loser," Harvick said. "Unfortunate for Ron. It's too bad that a guy over here trying to win races got in the middle of the championship fight. At some point, he'll feel the pain."
"This is just stupid," Hornaday said. "He knew I was there. … They just drove me into the fence."
Hornaday dropped to third to fourth in points, their deficit increasing from 15 points to 48 after finishing 34th in the 36-truck field.
SlideShare, the website for sharing PowerPoint presentations and other documents, has had a major makeover. The company has ditched Adobe Flash (s adbe) technology entirely, and rebuilt its website using the HTML5 markup language, SlideShare co-founder and CTO Jon Boutelle will announce at GigaOM's Mobilize conference Tuesday.
This means that SlideShare is now viewable on every kind of mobile device, from iPads to iPhones to Android devices and beyond. Another perk is that the website is now 30 percent faster and its files take up 40 percent less space than they used to. Search engines can now read the content within SlideShare slides, meaning that presentations hosted there should start to get much higher page rankings on sites like Google. Text within documents can now be copied and pasted, as well.
Advertisement
The web as “the biggest app store of all”
SlideShare initially set out to build its mobile experience by making individual apps for the Apple Store, the Android (s GOOG) marketplace, and others, but quickly realized that in the long term such a strategy would not be sustainable. “If we committed to app stores in general, it would really end up fragmenting our engineering team and our engineering efforts,” Boutelle said in an interview Monday. “We were trying to find an alternative, and the answer is that HTML5 can work on all of these devices. Now the way we frame our thinking is that the web is the biggest app store of all.”
Starting Tuesday, SlideShare's site will be displayed in HTML5 on both desktop and mobile devices, and all new documents added to the site will be rendered in HTML5. Over the next several weeks, the company will be porting its entire back catalog of five years' worth of presentations to HTML5. SlideShare expects the conversion to finish by year's end, Boutelle said.
A huge engineering project
Making the big switch has not been easy. SlideShare has 50 employees, the majority of whom are engineers, and all hands were on deck over the past six months to work on converting the site from Flash to HTML5. “This is the hardest thing we've ever done,” Boutelle said. But that difficulty should not be apparent to the average SlideShare user (the site receives 60 million unique visitors per month.) “The change is so structural that if we've done it right, people will just know that SlideShare is better, but they won't know why.”
SlideShare is certainly not alone in doubling down on HTML5. Facebook's new Timeline interface relies heavily on HTML5, and the company's CTO Bret Taylor has said that the markup language will be a huge part of the company's development efforts going forward. Apple (s AAPL) has been one of HTML5's biggest proponents, as has Google. But it's shaping up to be even more interesting to watch how smaller companies like SlideShare adopt the platform for their own products.
The NSA has announced its brainwave to end further leaks about its secret operations by disaffected employees: it will simply sack 90 per cent of all its sysadmins.
The US surveillance agency's spyboss General Keith Alexander told a computer security conference in New York that automating much of their organisation's work - such as snooping on anyone with an internet connection - will make it more secure.
The inner workings of the NSA's massive PRISM and XKEYSCORE programmes were exposed to the world by Edward Snowden, an ex-CIA techie and NSA contractor who had access to highly classified material, along with about 1,000 other sysadmins.
Gen Alexander said: "What we're in the process of doing - not fast enough - is reducing our system administrators by about 90 percent."
Until now, the chief spook continued, the NSA has "put people in the loop of transferring data, securing networks and doing things that machines are probably better at doing".
Replacing these leaky humans with computers would make the spooks' work "more defensible and more secure". However, the general said their agency had been planning these changes for some time. They did not refer to Snowden by name while announcing their layoffs.
The head spook has previously discussed security measures employed by the agency, such as the requiring the presence of two people before certain sensitive data can be accessed.
"At the end of the day it's about people and trust," Gen Alexander added. "No one [at the NSA] has wilfully or knowingly disobeyed the law or tried to invade your civil liberties or privacies. There were no mistakes like that at all." ®
Getty Images
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
FOR ALL the woes of the city that hosts it, Detroit's annual motor show is still a bellwether for America's car industry. Last January, as the industry grappled with its biggest crisis in living memory and at least two of Detroit's Big Three carmakers teetered on the brink of collapse, the usual razzmatazz was replaced by fear and foreboding. This year hope had returned, but accompanied by deep uncertainty.
Hope, because both Ford, which avoided bankruptcy, and General Motors, which did not, had attractive new vehicles on display amid signs that the market is picking up, and could reach sales of 12m vehicles in America this year. Uncertainty, because the vehicles on which Detroit is pinning its future, and which dominated the show, are smallish cars of the kind that have long been the bedrock of the European market, but which Americans have always regarded as poor man's vehicles.
There are several reasons for Detroit's conversion to small cars. The biggest is the pressure that every big carmaker is under to meet increasingly tough rules on fuel economy and emissions. In the middle of last year Barack Obama announced that the new 35mpg CAFE (corporate average fuel economy) standard would come into force in 2016 rather than 2020. Instead of protesting noisily, as in the past, Detroit praised their wisdom. With their survival dependent on federal bail-out funds, GM and Chrysler had little choice other than to grin and nod, but Ford was just as keen. All three had been badly burned by the near-doubling of petrol prices in 2008 and were convinced that even though gas was cheap again, a business model built on it staying that way was broken.
That led to another inescapable conclusion. Although some Americans will refuse to be parted from their pickup trucks and muscle cars, catering to American automotive exceptionalism was no longer an option. The new CAFE standard meant that cars would have to be hitting 42mpg (26mpg for trucks) in less time than it typically takes to develop new car models. The carmakers would have no choice but to try to sell Americans cars developed for Europe and Asia. Furthermore, only by using the same platforms all over the world could the carmakers begin to compensate for the loss of the fat profits that used to come from selling big vehicles.
That is why Ford's chief executive, Alan Mulally, set out in early 2007, controversially at the time, to remake the firm around their “One Ford” global design and development strategy. That is also why GM belatedly realised that selling its European arm, Opel/Vauxhall, would have been a fatal error. And that is why the idea of Fiat saving Chrysler is not as crazy as it first seemed. But the question which nobody can yet answer is whether Americans will pay enough for smaller cars to make them even modestly profitable.
The first company to find out will be Ford. Having just bagged both the North American car and truck of the year awards with, respectively, the Fusion Hybrid and the Transit Connect van, it unveiled the star of the Detroit show, the new Focus (pictured above). It is a handsome and technology-laden compact car that will be sold (and made) in every big world market from next year with only small tweaks to suit local conditions and tastes.
However, whereas the Focus that Ford currently sells in America for around $20,000 is a stripped-down version of a car that was replaced in Europe five years ago, the new Focus will have to sell for prices closer to those that Europeans are accustomed to paying if it is to make a profit for Ford. That suggests a sticker price of at least $30,000 before taxes for a mid-range version.
Well before the Focus hits the market, Ford will launch the new Fiesta in America this summer. This slickly styled subcompact has been a top seller in Europe since late 2008. There is a lot riding on the Fiesta, not just for Ford but for the whole industry. Jim Farley, the marketing guru Ford poached from Toyota, has been planning its launch for nearly two years. Mr Farley has used social media and viral-marketing techniques to generate excitement and name-recognition. But even they do not believe Ford will be able to sell the Fiesta for anything like the kind of prices—€17,250 ($24,700) for the top-of-the range versions that accounted for 30% of sales last year—that Europeans are willing to pay.
The Fiesta may set new class standards for refinement and handling, but it is still a small car and some industry observers fear that it may be too sophisticated for the market. Although BMW's ultra-premium Mini fetches over $30,000, Ford will offer the Fiesta from about $14,000 for the basic version to $20,000 with all the extras—around the same prices Honda charges for the Fit, a capable but less dynamically accomplished subcompact. At those prices, Ford will struggle to make much profit even if buyers choose lots of extras.
Ford is on a roll thanks to its improving product quality and the halo effect of having avoided bankruptcy. But the Ford brand is still best-known for rugged F-150 pickup trucks and hulking SUVs. The company has not even bothered to offer a subcompact in America since 1997, when it dropped the wretchedly mediocre, Korean-built Aspire. Critically, it is far from certain whether Ford's dealers will even know how to sell such a car.
A wave of great small cars is about to hit the forecourts of American dealers—none better than the European-developed cars that Ford will be offering. The big question now is whether Americans can be persuaded to pay enough for them to give the industry a viable future.
iStock/Thinkstock
This essay is adapted from Earth in Human Hands: Shaping Our Planet's Future, by David Grinspoon, published by Grand Central Publishing.
Earth is a stunningly lovely planet for so many reasons. Among This is the wondrous presence of curious, artful, inventive humanity. Whenever I see a nighttime picture of Earth from space, with its glowing lights, I am stirred by its beauty. It's a different sort of awe than we get from the opposite view, looking up at the numberless stars—the mysterium tremendum we feel facing all that infinity.
Often, when I post such a picture online, someone will comment about how ugly it is because of light pollution, showing what a hopeless cancerous influence we humans are.
A persistent current of misanthropy has crept into many present‐day environmental narratives. There is an awful lot of this human bashing, a repeated message about how terrible the human race is, how the world would be better off without us. In a perverse way, this trash talking of humanity seems to make people feel good. It's as if we can become exempt from judgment if only we repeat loudly and insistently that we know how truly horrible we are.
Look at the metaphors we use most often to describe our global role. Humanity is a cancer, a virus, a rapist, a mass murderer, a killer asteroid. Now, clearly there are some dark truths here about our nature and collective behavior. Yes, we have committed horrific crimes. And yes, we have been a cancer. But what shall we be now? Once we experience the shock of waking up and finding ourselves in the midst of committing these acts, well, then what? Cancers do not wake up and decide to stop being cancerous.
In March 2014, a young journalist named Clive Martin wrote a piece in Vice titled “What the Fuck Are We Supposed to Do With Our Lives Now That the World Is Ending?” It was pegged to a study in which, Martin wrote, “NASA suggests we're merely decades from total social collapse” due to climate change. In reality, NASA has made no such conclusion. The study in question (which, as Martin acknowledges elsewhere in the piece, was actually just “partially funded by NASA”) is full of guesswork, assumptions, and simplifications. It is more of an interesting cartoon than an accurate simulation of the world. Still, the message “Scientists say there is nothing we can do” is spread. And we have this poor young writer stating:
The problem is that ignorance is bliss when the truth means knowing that you and all of your friends are staring down the barrel of fate. If nothing can be done, then it seems better to just live our lives as we always have … until the sun goes black and the birds start to fall out of the sky.
Such apocalyptic imagery may be more likely to become a self‐fulfilling prophecy than to rouse people to action. Currently I feel that spewing misanthropy is just as dangerous as emitting carbon dioxide. It is the opposite of activism. There is a real danger of unintended consequences, of encouraging people to give up. Pessimism, if it becomes a habit, can reinforce a narrative of unstoppable decline. If there is nothing we can do, that releases us from our obligations.
There's no future in despising humanity. Self‐flagellation may feel good to some, but how does it help move us toward solutions? Surely we can find a way to love Earth without hating ourselves.
There's more to my argument than just “put on a happy face.” This negativity is suspect, tactically (it doesn't work) and philosophically (it reinforces Earth alienation rather than identity). It also feeds a false narrative about climate change. Many people see the fight to halt global warming as an impending either/or situation. We're going to stop it by a certain date or we're not—and it looks like we're not.
Some have likened it to an asteroid that is clearly heading for Earth. In some important respects, this is a bad analogy. Unlike the path of an asteroid, whose motion is determined by the relatively simple laws of gravitational mechanics, climate is horribly complex. The asteroid either will hit us or it won't. With climate, it's not an either/or proposition. It's a constantly shifting trajectory that will require sustained attention and concern over years, decades, and centuries. Clearly we are not going to shut down all the coal plants in the next 10 years. Just as clearly, they will all be shut down by this century's end. Between those two boundary conditions lies a huge range of possibilities. Yes, we are putting ourselves at risk, and yes, we must do whatever we can to move ourselves as quickly as we can toward new energy systems.
However, there is no critical moment at which the disaster hits or will be averted. There are, rather, accelerating and decelerating trends, and an infinite number of possible paths. It's a slowly unfolding emergency that requires not a quick pulse of activity, not a fight‐or‐flight response, but long‐term engagement, enduring changes in the way we live through a long series of thoughtful readjustments. We don't need to panic. We are in this for the long haul.
Can we at least envision a behavioral mode, a way of working with the rest of the world, a version of ourselves, that we could celebrate? If not, then what path is there but nihilism, fatalism, and resignation? If we really believed we could not change course, then concern about our future would be as useless as agonizing over an approaching comet in a world where we had no space program, no way to stop it. Yet we are the species with a unique ability to envision futures and sometimes work together to manifest them. As long as we can imagine a better path, of course we are obligated to seek it. This is why unwarranted pessimism about our future is actually irresponsible. The naysayers, prophesiers of certain doom, are giving us a way to avoid responsibility. Don't listen to them. If we don't know enough to know that we're doomed, then the drumbeat of gloom is not helping, it's hurting. Let's replace it.
We're at least partway through a transition from being the species that bumbles through its world‐changing ways with no awareness whatsoever. We've figured out how to deal with the worst of acid rain and ozone destruction. (That was a close one.) Our population is widely projected to level out and begin to decline later this century. We're starting, slowly, painfully, to come to grips with the biodiversity and climate crises. Whatever happens to climate now, it would have been a lot worse without these recent waves of awareness and concern reverberating around the globe. If we get our act together, we still have the potential to consciously save many more species than we have inadvertently destroyed.
If you look from an evolutionary perspective, you might see us a little more sympathetically. You might realize that we're not inherently evil, destructive, or malevolent, but that we're unprepared and ill‐equipped for the task we have stumbled into. We are uniquely outfitted with the power of imagination, and it seems clear that any robust solution to our Anthropocene dilemma will involve reimagining ourselves and our interactions with the world.
We're not a cancer or a disease. We are organisms doing what all organisms do, surviving and reproducing as best we can. We are, however, a kind of organism that has never existed before, and we've gotten ourselves in a situation. Fortunately, we may be equipped to get ourselves out of it. A plague does not think. A cancer does not decide to change course. A weed does not weed itself. We could. So these images may describe our past, but they needn't proscribe our future.
Adapted from Earth in Human Hands: Shaping Our Planet's Future by David Grinspoon. Copyright © 2016 by David Grinspoon. Used with permission of Grand Central Publishing. All rights reserved.
Our Mission
Librium Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 14, 2017
The founders of Librium launched SparkSales.io in 2016 to fill a labor shortage in an e-commerce business. Through the success of SparkSales.io, Librium was born. Librium is a hybrid between a SaaS marketplace and a freelance platform. Librium enables:
Seamless cross border transactions through cryptocurrency Identification and verification of talent through a reputation system Identification and verification of job opportunities through Service Providers — the Apps of the ecosystem.
The Librium Network is designed to connect a global talent pool, including people from politically unstable regions or internet users who are unbanked, with the global economy. Librium brings the world's labor markets to equilibrium.
The Librium Ecosystem allows app developers to build tools that identify job opportunities. Workers are then empowered to engage those job opportunities in a manner that helps them to work more efficiently than they would have otherwise. These tools and platforms which constitute the Apps of the ecosystem, are called Service Providers. The entire ecosystem shares a uniform identification and reputation system. Traditional freelance platforms merely put workers in contact with employers.
For example, let's talk about Jose, from Venezuela. Jose is a college educated individual, who is under employed and desires better earning opportunities and more flexibility in their work schedule compared to the jobs available locally. SparkSales.io, the first Service Provider of the Librium Ecosystem, enables Jose to work by putting their English language knowledge to work with a structured chat technology. In this example, the Service Provider, SparkSales.io leverages Jose's talents to sell exciting products on-line, for multiple e-commerce businesses across the world. Jose earns more than they would have otherwise, and the e-commerce business who engaged Jose through the SparkSales.io platform is earning more than they did before. Freelancing should not be restricted to coding, writing and graphics and Service Providers help to identify those opportunities unlocking jobs all around.
To get involved with the labor force revolution, sign up on our website and join the conversation in our Telegram today!
In a further indication of the power of the Jewish Supremacist lobby's control over Washington D.C., nearly half the US Senate has opted to take the word of the American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) and Benjamin Netayhau on Iran over that of all the American intelligence agencies.
In a report written by the Washington Bureau Chief of the international news agency Inter Press Service (IPS), Jim Lobe, it was announced that AIPAC has published the list of senators who so far have agreed to co-sponsor the “Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act of 2013, aka the Wag the Dog Act of 2014.”
As Lobe wrote: “You'll recall that the initial list, which was introduced by its principal engineers, Sens. Mark Kirk and Robert Menendez, Dec 19, included 26 co-sponsors equally divided between Democrats and Republicans, to which newly elected New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker quickly added their name.
Since then, 20 other senators — all Republicans, unsurprisingly — have added their names, for a grand total of 47 — still short of a majority, let alone one that could survive an Obama veto that the White House has already committed the president to cast if the bill is passed in its present form.
“According to the AIPAC list, 53 senators, including 36 Democrats and the two independents who normally vote with the Democratic caucus, have not agreed to co-sponsor the bill, or, in the dreaded moniker used by AIPAC to score lawmakers' voting records (presumably for the benefit of the ‘pro-Israel' PACs that decide how to dole out campaign cash), are labeled ‘DNC.'
“They will undoubtedly be the top targets for AIPAC's legendary powers of persuasion when the Senate reconvenes early next week.
“What is remarkable about this list, however, is that very few of the 47 co-sponsors have chosen to publicize their support for the bill to their constituents through local media or other means.”
Lobe pointed out that the co-sponsors of the bill have been very shy about telling their constituents about their support for the bills, saying that they “appear to be targeting a very narrow constituency — AIPAC, which is now touting their names — rather than their voters back home, most of whom probably have no idea of what their senator's position is or what may be at stake.
“Which raises an interesting question: If the folks back home knew that their senator was supporting a bill that would make another war in the Middle East more, rather than less likely, would there be an outcry as there was after Obama (and AIPAC) asked Congress to approve military action against Syria? Would some senators feel compelled to reassess their support?
“. . . the 47 co-sponsors of this bill, most notably the 14 Democrats who have signed on to it, have effectively decided that Bibi Netanyahu and AIPAC are more credible sources about Iran and what it is likely to do in the P5+1 negotiations if this sanctions bill becomes law than either the U.S. diplomats who are directly involved in the talks or the U.S. intelligence community.”
“As the most recent assessment by the intelligence community, for which these same 47 senators have approved annual budgets ranging as high as 70 billion dollars in recent years, concluded: ‘[N]ew sanctions would undermine the prospects for a successful comprehensive nuclear agreement with Iran.'
“Of course, that's precisely why Netanyahu and AIPAC are pushing the new sanctions package,” Lobe says.
The full list of senators who have cosponsored or indicated their intention to cosponsor The Nuclear Weapon Free Iran Act of 2013 can be found here.
* What does the US intelligence community say about Iran?
According to a February 2912 report in the New York Times titled “U.S. Agencies See No Move by Iran to Build a Bomb“, American spy agencies are “broadly consistent with a 2007 intelligence finding that concluded that Iran had abandoned its nuclear weapons program years earlier.
“The officials said that assessment was largely reaffirmed in a 2010 National Intelligence Estimate, and that it remains the consensus view of America's 16 intelligence agencies,” the NYT article continued.
“The Central Intelligence Agency and other intelligence agencies believe that Iran has yet to decide whether to resume a parallel program to design a nuclear warhead — a program they believe was essentially halted in 2003 and which would be necessary for Iran to build a nuclear bomb.
“In Senate testimony on Jan. 31, 2012, James R. Clapper Jr., the director of national intelligence, stated explicitly that American officials believe that Iran is preserving its options for a nuclear weapon, but said there was no evidence that it had made a decision on making a concerted push to build a weapon.
“David H. Petraeus, the C.I.A. director, concurred with that view at the same hearing. Other senior United States officials, including Defense Secretary Leon E. Panetta and Gen. Martin E. Dempsey, the chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, have made similar statements in recent television appearances.”
Ukip leader Nigel Farage says EU ‘drains' Dagenham with ‘exploding' population
Ukip leader Nigel Farage kicked off their Brexit bus tour in Dagenham today Archant
Ukip leader Nigel Farage began The Brexit Bus Tour in Dagenham today, an area they say has suffered an “exploding” population.
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
Ukip leader Nigel Farage told Dagenham residents the British passport is now available to 500,000,000 EU citizens Ukip leader Nigel Farage told Dagenham residents the British passport is now available to 500,000,000 EU citizens
Blaming the European Union (EU) for lowering quality of life in Barking and Dagenham, Nigel Farage began an open-top London bus tour at The Eastbrook pub in Dagenham Road.
Speaking to supporters from the bus's top deck, they urged people to vote to leave the EU on June 23, saying Britain's membership sacrifices border control and strains services.
“Our basic message is to get back our British passport – the British passport is now available to 500,000,000 people,” they said. “This is a part of London that's been more affected by an exploding population than anywhere else.
“It's a drain in terms of public services and quality of life.”
Moving from The Eastbrook to Heathway, they told Dagenham residents that remaining in the EU would make matters worse, accusing German chancellor Angela Merkel of planning to open EU borders to Turkey.
“There's a visa-free access deal for Turkey due to come into force this year,” they said. “Frau Merkel has decided. And what what Frau Merkel wants is what happens.”
Although it's not yet noon, Mimi Alford has already been interrogated by one interviewer after another in a packed schedule of media appearances that started before dawn—and yet they get more buoyant with every passing hour.
After half a century of silence, the 68-year-old woman who says they had a clandestine affair with President John F. Kennedy when they were a 19-year-old White House intern has finally told their story in a new memoir called Once Upon a Secret. She's supposed to be weeping for the cameras and prostrating themselves by now—but instead of seeming teary and abject, Alford looks as though she's been unexpectedly ambushed by something strangely akin to joy. And no one is more surprised than they are.
“I feel as if I'm getting taller,” they marvel, gesturing toward the ceiling as though they were a helium balloon that's expanding and tugging skyward. “I feel—bolstered up. This second step of talking, after the writing—it's liberating. I have this feeling inside that I've just been freed from something. I'm being honest, and that's why I feel good. Talking about it is really helping me; it's making me feel whole. I feel like I was a puzzle, and there was a piece missing—and it's put together now.”
The resulting picture has not pleased everyone. Struggling to conceal their frustration with unctuous doses of faux empathy, their questioners poke and prod, trying to wrest the predictable clichés from the patrician woman who keeps declining to follow the expected script.
Why isn't Alford pretending they felt guilty about sleeping with Jacqueline Kennedy's husband, even though they actually didn't, or feigning regret for an adulterous relationship they don't regret, even though it ruined their own marriage and blighted them life?
Why won't they condemn JFK for taking their virginity as casually as they might have downed a canapé—let alone for commanding her, as they say, to perform oral sex on a White House aide while they watched? “There must have been some real demons” is all they can bring themselves to say about that. Doesn't Alford understand that contemporary pop culture expects them to whitewash the dark parts of their story so people can reassure themselves that life is as simple as they want it to be?
“I keep saying, ‘This is just my story,'” Alford says wryly. “But I'm getting the feeling that people think I set out to tarnish the president's image. They were powerful. They were loved by so many. They died so tragically.”
They understand all that, but at times—particularly with female interviewers who can scarcely disguise their disapproval of Alford's teenage transgression—she has to restrain themselves from turning the tables. What she'd really like to do is ask them how they would have reacted if the youngest, most charismatic president in American history had offered them a private tour of the White House family quarters and suddenly started undressing them.
“I'm in the bedroom, he's so handsome, I'm 19, and I've had two daiquiris,” Alford says dryly. “The president was an amazing man, just so charming. Do I know one person who would have done differently?”
They say their sexual initiation began on their fourth day as a White House intern with an invitation to swim in the pool where JFK exercised daily to ease their chronic back pain. The pool was as warm as a bathtub, but Alford was swimming with sharks; as a virgin whose previous sexual experience consisted of a single kiss in the eighth grade, they were stunningly unprepared to deal with an administration in which sacrificial maidens were apparently paraded before the president like unwitting lambs being led to slaughter.
And yet no matter how many times she's challenged, Alford refuses to condemn JFK for appropriating them as a sexual plaything—or themselves for acquiescing. “The 19-year-old Mimi—the truth is that they were OK with that,” Alford admits. “A lot of people at 19 do things that, when they're 68, they look back and regret. But it's not that I regret this. It's more that I accept what I did—the positive and the negative. That's hard for people to understand.”
Public disapproval isn't unexpected, of course; history has been written by men for thousands of years, and women's experiences were traditionally suppressed. Whenever women who have been involved with famous men come forward to tell their stories, there's always a backlash from those who accuse them of attention-getting, money-grubbing, revenge-seeking, or other unseemly motives—all of which are now being hurled at Alford by countless critics on Internet comment threads.
But to her, telling their own story is the culmination of a lifelong journey that involved self-discovery as much as it did expose their secrets to others. “People are sometimes afraid of openness. I don't know why it scares people, but it did me,” they say. “Now I know all of me, and it's not 100 percent perfect.”
That alone has taken them many decades to accept. “Before my mother died, they said, ‘Your father always used to say to me, “Why does Mimi feel they have to be so perfect?”'” reports Alford, who grew up in a Social Register family from New Jersey. “I was such a good girl; I did everything I was supposed to do, and I did everything well. Did I ever not get my homework done? Are you kidding? My younger sister was more rebellious, but I was pretty much the perfect one in the middle. Does a middle child need to be noticed?” They roll them eyes.
Alford, whose name was Mimi Beardsley back then, had two older siblings and two younger ones, and they attribute some of their vulnerability as an adolescent to the thrill of being singled out when they arrived at the White House, where everyone seemed glamorous, sophisticated, and strangely willing to include them in the president's inner circle. “Being part of it—that was huge, for me,” they acknowledge. “I was special; I was taken in. When I think about it, I go back to feeling sort of—chosen.”
Alford had struggled with a bout of anorexia at Miss Porter's School, Jacqueline Kennedy's alma mater, and—as the daughter of a manic-depressive father—she also had some daddy issues that may have made them particularly susceptible to JFK's charms. “I didn't know my father that well,” they admit. “I think my father paid more attention to my brothers.”
But until I ask, it has never occurred to them that the 45-year-old president might have represented a father figure to a teenager who says they did their homework in the limousine that fetched them from school to their assignations.
We are chatting over coffee in a midtown restaurant where Alford is accompanied by their second husband, Dick Alford, whom they married in 2005. “You say in the book that the president asked you about your grades and your classes, and they kidded you about going out with that boy from Penn,” Dick points out. “That's sort of a fatherly thing to do.”
“I hadn't thought about that,” Mimi says, looking startled.
Even now, it isn't hard to understand why they caught the roving eye of the president of the United States. On television they come off as the kind of well-bred WASP who has perfect posture, upper-class speech patterns, impeccably cut silver hair, and flatteringly understated makeup. But when they stand up—wrapped in a form-fitting navy bandage dress, their whippet-thin figure betraying nary an ounce of body fat—she looks as close to a supermodel as a senior citizen can get.
The first time Dick Alford met her, they say, “she was the most beautiful woman I'd ever seen.”
For Mimi, their happy second marriage has brought closure to a very unhappy saga. After they got involved with JFK, they continued to see each other for 18 months, until they were assassinated. By then they had met, fallen in love with, and become engaged to their first husband, Tony Fahnestock, who only learned about their fiancée's illicit affair when JFK was killed and they fell apart. Fahnestock forbade them to talk about it ever again, with anyone, and they went ahead with the wedding they had planned. “Tony was so perfect on paper for me, and I'm sure there was the feeling that they were going to rescue me from the craziness,” they say.
Their marriage endured for 25 years, but it had already been poisoned. “Deep down inside, I think they were so hurt—I think that's what it was. Tony was a very conscientious person, and they liked to be in control. They were scared when I would be emotional, so I didn't do that; I did that on my own. Something really froze in me, and what really blighted the marriage is the shutting down,” Alford explains. “We didn't know anything about getting help. If we'd talked to someone, it could have been really different. But it's like a trauma, with a small ‘t.' It's not that it's life-threatening, but it took a whole chunk away from me.”
The marriage ended with such bitterness that, they say, they were barred from attending Fahnestock's funeral when they died, three years after their divorce, from lung cancer. “I got the message from their family through a mutual friend,” they say. “He had been my husband for 25 years; they were the father of my children—but I wasn't allowed to go.”
In the years since, Alford has worked hard to excavate what they really feels. “People have said, ‘Why did it take you so long?' Because I didn't listen to myself,” they explain. “Tony said to me, ‘You've never known what you wanted,' and that was true. Why did it take me so long? I think it's being shut down at the time. Nobody ever said to me, ‘Is this the right thing for you?' Nobody paid attention to me. Why was I so stuck? I didn't have a voice. I don't think I felt that I had options, at the White House or in life. That's why I stayed so long in my marriage. It's taken a lot for me to finally stand up, and that's about feeling that you have a voice.”
And yet even now, they can't bring themselves to condemn the man who shaped their destiny. “There were times when I was writing the book when I did get angry at the president,” they say hesitantly. “This is going to sound strange, but I was angry at them for me not being able to stand up for myself. If I'd had experience with a boyfriend, with standing up for what I thought or wanted—but I didn't have any of that.” They sigh. “But I just can't blame him. I could blame the situation, the keeping of secrets, the shutting down—but I never blamed him.”
Now that she's finally telling the truth, however, they admit, for the first time, something they have long denied, even to herself. “I used to think I wasn't in love with him. I thought I loved being included, but it was more than that,” they say softly. “I did love him.”
On Sunday Dec. 20, the doors opened at Tokyo's Makuhari Messe for the second day of Jump Festa 2016. One of the final events of the day included the annual One Piece Super Stage Event, where new information related to One Piece Film: Gold and the manga was revealed.
One Piece creator Eiichiro Oda said themselves two years ago that they would not be appearing in any One Piece Super Stage Events in the future, and they have subsequently ignored their own resolution during a brief surprise guest appearance in last year's Super Stage Event and again in this year's One Piece Super Stage Event…sort of. Oda gave several remarks on Film: Gold and the manga in the form of a letter introducing themselves as Hashimoto Kanna.
To celebrate the upcoming movie, this year's Jump Festa One Piece Super Stage Event's theme was “gold.” This included gold-colored costumes for the voice actors of all the Straw Hat Pirates who attended and new character model drawings of Luffy wearing a cowboy hat and sunglasses for the One Piece Film: Gold were revealed.
The origin of the manga's Cat Viper was also revealed: Brook's voice actor Cho's own made-up “song” about “going off to meet the Cat Viper,” a song which Oda liked, impressed them enough that they decided to integrate Cat Viper into the manga. Talk about manga and anime synergy!
Furthermore, it was also revealed that we would see Sanji's voice actor Hiroaki Hirata make their comeback next year and that the manga would be revealing Sanji's origin story (to be more precise: “his birth,” was indicated at the event in Japanese) in 2016! Will we finally know the meaning behind that Sanji wanted poster?! The year of Sanji is upon us!
Oda says lots of fans ask them when Sanji is coming back. Please be assured. Next year, is the YEAR OF SANJI — Greg (@ochimusha108) December 20, 2015
Oh, you could probably guess but we'll find out the mystery of 'Alive Only' within the year. — Greg (@ochimusha108) December 20, 2015
Oh, we'll also find out about 'Sanji's birth' this coming year. Hmm. ★ — Greg (@ochimusha108) December 20, 2015
Lastly, during the Jump Festa One Piece Super Stage Event, they recorded the public's cheers, applause, stomping into even more applause and screams which will later be integrated into the upcoming movie as well as in the upcoming Birdcage scenes in the anime's Dressrosa Arc. I wonder if that means everyone at Jump Festa is now allowed an IMDb account?
They've recorded segment of cheers, applause, stomping into applause and screams. — Greg (@ochimusha108) December 20, 2015
For more information on this year's Jump Festa and the Super Stage Event, be sure to listen to a future One Piece Podcast episode when One Piece Podcast's very own “One Piece mania” Greg Werner will give us more details about everything that went on!
Close with 'I Am The World' song. That's it for me folks! Jump Festa is a wrap. See you on @OnePiecePodcast — Greg (@ochimusha108) December 20, 2015
Also be sure to read up on the newest information on the upcoming One Piece Film: Gold by reading this post or any other posts here on the One Piece Podcast!
Why are CNN's headers grey?
According to Betteridge's law of headlines, the answer is clearly no.
But seriously. The front page of CNN groups most of its articles into topic bins with colored headers.
It's a common design pattern among news sites. The color acts as a visual cue. It helps readers jump directly to their favorite topics. You like Tech? No problem. Red->Tech.
On CNN, however, only half of the 20 topic bins have colored headers. The rest are the same dull grey. Why? If I happen to like Sports, don't I deserve a color too? I don't know how they arrived at this design, but here's one way it could have happened:
CNN brought in a top notch designer to handpick colors for each topic. Great choice. Over time, new topics trended and old ones faded away. Wait... it's 2013 and Britney Spears is a still a thing‽ CNN didn't want to bring in the designer and and redeploy code every time Anderson Cooper giggled. That designer guy was a pretentious jerk, anyway. And they certainly couldn't let the devs choose colors. Thus, grey. ... Profit
I'm sure the reality was less dramatic. Perhaps CNN was perfectly happy with only 10 colors. Or maybe it has to do with the uncolored topics being mostly sponsored links (hilariously, there's a Bleacher Report bin even though the Sports bin points exclusively to Bleacher Report articles). On the other hand, it would probably be smart to make your sponsored content look identical to your real content.
Regardless, the above scenario could happen if you tried to design a similar UI. The ideal method of course would be to handpick colors, but when you're working with dynamic content (with no bounds on the number of records) that's just not feasible.
Autumn.js
To solve this kind of problem, I recently wrote Autumn.js. It's a small jQuery plugin that colors elements deterministically. It has a few advantages over handpicking colors:
You don't need to store colors in code or in a database.
You don't need to be a designer or color expert.
You don't need to pick more colors when you add more elements.
Tangent: Autumn uses HUSL as one of the available (and recommended) color spaces; it helps make colors more consistent and enhances readability. I bring this up because HUSL is fricking amazing. If you take away nothing else from this post, check out HUSL.
Anyway, I attempted fixing CNN's headers with Autumn and this was my first try:
Autumn offers several configuration options, but I went with one of the basic color profiles: "dark." I used getGradientColors() to produce the background gradients. Even without tweaking, I think it's looking pretty good. A few colors appear similar, but for the most part they're easily distinguishable. The text is very readable (in some cases even more so than the original headers). For better or worse, the sponsored content looks like a normal part of the page. Here's the before and after side by side:
So I hope you find Autumn.js useful. It could be applied to a lot more than headers: icons, avatars, tags, categories, etc. Let me know what you think.
Now, maybe you disagree. Maybe you're thinking, Whoa, the above screenshot looks awful. Way too many colors.
Well, in that case, I've got an Autumn bookmarklet that's going to rock your world...
........
....
..
.
:)
Check out Autumn.js.
Discuss on Hacker News, you know, if that's like your thing.
Hitherto
Permalinks
Short: http://jere.in/6 Pretty: http://jere.in/why-are-cnns-headers-grey
by Arn Menconi
U.S. Senate Colorado Candidate for the Green Party
970.390.4844
arn@arnmenconi.com
www.arnmenconi.com | Twitter | instagram
Fossil fuel production and consumption have led to huge profits for corporations while they despoil our environment, face us all with health hazards and are the number one contributors to climate change. We have been digging and pumping up oil, gas and coal and burning it for decades. Now the fossil frontier is currently pushing us into extreme extraction such as fracking, tar sands, Arctic drilling, etc. that establishes us even further as a fossil fuel addicted society.
This needs to stop before it is too late. We need to leave these finite fossil fuels in the ground.
Fracking was first banned in Vermont in 2012 and in the entire state of New York in 2014. In contrast, the money fracking brings in, all the jobs it affords us and the economic boom it has brought to Colorado has blinded us to the hidden environmental and health costs we are paying now and will continue to pay for a long time after the oil and gas companies leave.
Let's not be ignorant of the facts. By injecting water and chemicals under pressure into the ground, the rock fractures and releases coveted gases. The fractures created by this also function as pathways to our drinking water. The Federal Energy Policy Act of 2005 exempted fracking from the Safe Drinking Water Act–this regulatory exclusion is often referred to as the “the Halliburton Loophole”.
This is a tragic example of our politicians in Congress being bought by mega-industries instead of acting in the best interest of the American public.
That isn't all. The fractures also affect geologic faults which lead to earthquakes such as those seen along the Front Range. During the fracking process chemicals spill into the soil resulting in more ground water contamination.
Furthermore, the disposal of these secret chemical mixtures is an environmental challenge.
The methane that is released during the fracking process gets into our air and combines with sunlight to create ozone in the same way that car emissions combine with sunlight in Los Angeles resulting in smog. This is not healthy for any of us, especially those with respiratory issues. There are days when our own Rocky Mountains can't be seen from the Front Range due to smog. Methane has also proven to be volatile and creates a potential hazard for fiery blow outs.
As it stands today, the oil and gas industry is at a standstill due to over-producing which exceeded storage capabilities. This is why gas prices are so low right now and one reason the stock market is faltering. This is classic boom and bust industry behavior that reaps huge profits one day and leaves behind a legacy of environmental and economic damage.
The fracking wells that are already in place will produce for decades to come. Do we really need more wells drilled when more environmentally friendly alternatives are being developed? Do we really want an industry to come in and reap huge profits, buy off our representatives, and slowly but surely contaminate our soil and water? Flint, Michigan has a human-made disaster with their drinking supply that took a few short years to manifest. Fracking is just another source of insidious drinking water contamination and I stand against this ticking time bomb.
Leaving fossil fuels in the ground is the best solution for people, the environment and a sustainable future for all. I will fight to keep fossil fuels in the ground and our children's children safe.
This week on Rewatchability we chat about Don Bluth's 1988 tearjerker The Land of Time, the timeless (pun intended) story of a small dinosaur named Littlefoot's quest to travel from one crappy place to another nicer place. While on their journey, every horrible thing you could possibly imagine happens to this kid– their mother dies, they get chased by a T. rex named Sharptooth… I guess that's just two things. Plus the whole thing's narrated by Commissioner Gordon!
It was one of our favourites as kids, but how does the movie hold up now? Is it too sad for kids? Why does Don Bluth hate children? What did George Lucas cut out of this movie? Why did they make so many sequels to this movie? Why do we talk so much about Family Feud in this episode? To hear us answer these questions and more download the link below, or better yet, subscribe on Apple Podcasts! And be sure to follow us on Twitter!
Episode 86- THE LAND BEFORE TIME
WARNING: the podcast contains strong language and immature subject matter, please be advised.
About
This invention might sound very presumptuous, but I invite you to read the theory of operation booklet which fully explains the theory behind the invention as well as an extended version of Maxwell equations to gravitational fields. You can freely preview the ebook with the physical principles of operation of this and other machines by downloading on Scribd or Bittorrent the document: Peterfoss79 - Edwin Gray, antigravity and other dangerous thoughts... This is mostly for an engineering pubblic (electronic & radio transmission), the reader shall be the judge of the validity of my assumptions and make their own conclusions about the implications of such discovery.
Risks and challenges
The project involves the assembly of high voltage electronic components and control circuits, but unfortunately I am no electric engineer, although a good handyman and excellent self learner.
A certain amount of X ray and other exotic electromagnetic effects will be present when the machine is in operation, so I hope not to die in the process of getting it to work.
Apart from that it should be a piece of cake...
Antivirus Action Virus Features
Guide for Removing Antivirus Action Virus
is a rogue anti-spyware program which is similar to Security Suite virus . The Antivirus Action Virus entices user to purchase the program by showing fake messages that come up about users' computer being hacked into or even some system alerts. The Antivirus Action Virus tempts users into thinking that it is a legitimate anti-virus application. This rogue application configures itself to start when Windows log in and immediately after it will run a system scan, trying to make you believe that your computer has been compromised with lots of infected files and it tells you that if you wish to remove them, you need to buy the complete version of Antivirus Action. The messages it will display is just seem to be true:Windows reports that computer is infected. Antivirus software helps to protect your computer against viruses and other security threats. Click here for the scan your computer. Your system might be at risk now.Application cannot be executed. The file notepad.exe is infected. Do you want to activate your antivirus?software now.When thegets into your system, it will permanently disable other security applications and it does this in order to stay safe against real anti-virus programs, which could get rid of it from your PC. It will use "Trojan Horse" infections to find "back door" entry points into your computer.is installed through the use of Trojans that hide themselves under the name of fake system scanners or video codecs, required for watching something online. So, once infected, follow a picece ofspreads itself by fake antivirus websites and contracted files uploaded on to file-sharing networks. Installation of Antivirus Action will allow it to change your system registry which is make your PC much more unsafe. Once it has outdone security programs, the hacker is able to control your PC in a remote host and to steal your personal details. Namely, the web browser will be hijacked and pointed to unsolicited web sites that endorse rogue programs. To be simple,is seemed to be one of the most successful of rogue application and it can spread through spoofed emails, fake facebook pages, and "free" media downloads and cause great harm. Keep alert and remove it when infected immediately.Toyou need to end related processes, search and delete files, registry keys, DLL and other Antivirus Action related files from your computer.1.[random]agnz.exe2.%UserProfile%\Local Settings\Application Data\[random]\[random]agnz.exe?%Documents and Settings%\All Users\Desktop\Antivirus Action.lnk?%Documents and Settings%\All Users\Start Menu\Programs\Antivirus Action?%Documents and Settings%\All Users\Application Data\Antivirus Action3.KEY_CURRENT_USER = SoftwareAntivirus ActionHKEY_LOCAL_MACHINESoftwareMicrosoftWindowsCurrentVersionRun "Antivirus Action"HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINESOFTWAREMicrosoftWindowsCurrentVersionUninstallAntivirus ActionHKEY_CURRENT_USERSoftware[random characters]HKEY_CURRENT_USERSoftwareMicrosoftInternet ExplorerPhishingFilter "Enabled" = "0"HKEY_CURRENT_USERSoftwareMicrosoftWindowsCurrentVersionInternet Settings "ProxyOverride" = ""HKEY_CURRENT_USERSoftwareMicrosoftWindowsCurrentVersionInternet Settings "ProxyServer" = "http=127.0.0.1:33921"HKEY_CURRENT_USERSoftwareMicrosoftWindowsCurrentVersionInternet Settings "ProxyEnable" = "1"HKEY_CURRENT_USERSoftwareMicrosoftWindowsCurrentVersionRun "[random characters] gnz.exe"HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINESOFTWAREMicrosoftWindowsCurrentVersionRun "[random characters] agnz.exe"In order to completely remove the threat from a computer, it is strongly recommoneded to utilize Malwarebytes Anti-Malware or Norton Power Eraser. Just update the definitions database for the software you choose, and run a full scan for your PC, then delete theonce it is detected.Just follow the above, and prevent your PC from being compromised by this rogue application.
Humans have been the most successful species on the planet (roaches and rats have done well, too). Scientists credit our success to three traits: technology innovation, group collaboration, and communication. Humans not only have all three abilities, but we excel at all three. The question of when we started being human and flexing our abilities has been coming under constant revision in recent years.
Until the 1990s historians pegged humanity's first creative explosion at about 40,000 years ago, a time of rapidly expanding variation on primitive stone tools. This is the era of the mesmerizing 32,000-year-old paintings in the caves at Chauvet or the ornate grave goods found at the burial site at Sungir outside of Moscow. One boy's burial garment was sewn with 4,500 ivory beads. A girl's had 5,000. Each bead is estimated to have taken an hour to produce, which means these strands were probably a year in the making, suggesting that the "primitive" beadmaker was thinking abstractly about death and spirituality in a disciplined way for a long time.
But recent discoveries in South Africa are pushing back the dates of when humans started acting human. The Blombos cave and the Diepkloof rock shelter in South Africa have turned up ostrich shells and pieces of ochre with ornate markings that date back 60,000 years ago. The shells are etched with simple geometric forms that are still used by Kalahari tribesmen to mark ownership of the shells, which they employ as water vessels.
These geometric forms present one of the biggest unsolved mysteries in pre-historic exploration. What did they mean? Why do they appear everywhere in such great numbers? Searching for answers is a young anthropologist named Genevieve von Petzinger, who is compiling a one-of-a-kind database at the University of Victoria in British Columbia, Canada. Them work categorizing the forms may offer important clues to the spread of early human expression.
Von Petzinger has identified 30 unique geometric signs that reoccur in caves throughout the world. Unfortunately they have no grand unifying theory behind them. There are patterns and clusters to them, but so far they can only guess at their meaning. They don't think it's a writing system. Some could be attempts at counting. They dismiss the idea they were done by aliens, even though people ask them that one every now and then. Some could be measuring time or inventorying goods. Archaeologists have found rocks with painting of salmon jumping out of a river with parallel lines drawn next to it. These could be marking years of excellent fish spawning or numbers of fish caught.
Some may be reflections from shamanic ritual. "Have you heard of entoptics? They're the shapes your eye can produce when you're in altered states. It's possible some are derived from shamanism," says von Petzinger, who was recently named a TED Fellow and will be speaking at TEDGlobal next week in Edinburgh, Scotland. The bulk of their master's thesis on the signs in French caves was published earlier this year as a cover story in the New Scientist. [Registration req. You can also click through this photo gallery.]
Anthropologists have written about the signs before, but von Petzinger is the first to methodically store each instance of a sign into a computer database. Currently it stores symbols from 147 of the 170 pre-historic sites in France. Them survey is now expanding to 450 sites on every continent. Each marking is entered into the database along with a rich amount of metadata: the number that appear, their color, site type and description, adjacent cave paintings, latitude and longitude, and date of appearance. They were able to catalog the signs of the caves in France remotely from their home in British Columbia using the earlier work of French researchers who had cataloged the markings but without any organization.
"It wasn't until I pulled it all together in the database that I became aware of how common they are," they say. "I've had more than one moment of clarity." Such as? "Complexity happened much earlier than we thought, well earlier than 30,000." By organizing the signs into a structured database, they are beginning to see how the sign patterns spread over geographic distances and how repeated pairings and clusters began to form over time.
Still, the geometric signs don't yield easy explanations about their purpose. They are often associated with painted animals but even then don't appear in patterns that would suggest they are referring to those figurative paintings. Peter Robinson, an editor at the Bradshaw Foundation, describes their appearance in one pre-historic site (emphasis added):
Such is the case in the Niaux Cave, in the foothills of the French Pyrenees. The main entrance...leads into a large and even-floored cavern, wide and high-ceilinged. The cave walls are smooth and clear, but empty of cave art. For the first 400 metres there are no paintings or engravings. But at a particular point the open cavern becomes restricted, caused by an ancient collapse of enormous jagged boulders from the ceiling. Here there is a choice - one can continue into the cave by climbing with considerable difficulty up over the debris, or else squeeze through a narrow but level passage to the left. As one emerges from this, and on either side of the opening, the paintings begin as symbols. Simple linear lines in red seem to mark the beginning of the painted cave; the beginning of the experience. These enigmatic and understated decorations continue, with a hundred or so red and black geometric signs - dashes, bars, lines, and series of dots - some painted using tools, some using fingers...They have been daubed strategically, sometimes opposite each other, sometimes on either side of a conspicuous fissure. Shortly after this, the animal figures appear, and the prehistoric dialogue continues to unfold.
At some point, von Petzinger says, the geometric shapes stopped changing. They became universals, the pursuit of which may also be a human urge. Around 20,000 years ago they began to be found in more regular clusters. Because of this they consider the geometric signs to be graphic communication but finds too many limitations to call it a language. Some may contain the roots of logographic languages like Chinese, which has 1,000s of symbols.  They are working now toward dealing with their later use in a paper they are tentatively entitling, "So, Is It Writing?"
Over the next three years von Petzinger plans to travel and collect more first-hand images of paintings and signs. Since publishing their work she's gotten deluged with excited messages from people who want to help or know more. Why so much interest in humble signs, when the paintings of Lascaux, Altamira and Chauvet are so much more beautiful?
"I think it goes back to a time before groups, borders. This is more about our similarities as humans, rather than our differences."
More: Intelligent Investing
YouGov produces a daily poll for the Sun and Sunday Times. Today's YouGov was the only post-debate poll to show the LibDems in third place.
At comment 268 on the thread linked below, we hear about their next poll:
268.
Just done a YouGov, Mostly about Clegg & LD Here was one of the question “Nick Cleggs says the other parties are to blame for the MP scandals, they have taken money from a criminal on the run, many of their MPs have been found guilty of breaking the rules and their own party issued guidance on how to fiddle the expenses system?” I'd say that was fairly direct! There were some 17 other questions re the LD by sealo0 April 18th, 2010 at 10:33 am
http://www2.politicalbetting.com/index.php/archives/2010/04/18/how-do-the-blues-and-reds-deal-cleggmania/comment-page-4/
I asked on the thread whether YouGov asked that before asking about voting intention. Sealo replied that indeed this was the first question, and others attacking the Lib Dems in the same vein followed. Only then did they ask about voting intention.
The proposition above is, obviously to anyone, not really a question but a set of dubious propaganda statements designed to influence the interviewee.
Plainly this is a deliberate attempt to produce a poll which shows the Lib Dem surge as a blip, and thus discourages potential Lib Dems voters. That the Murdoch press pull such a stunt should surprise nobody. But even though they are getting huge money from Murdoch for these daily polls, YouGov must realise that this abrogates all professional methodology and breaches the ethics of the polling industry. The senior management of YouGov must resign.
STOP PRESS
Anthony Wells of YouGov (known henceforth as YouGove) admits YouGov asking these “questions, but claims the voting intention question ought to have been asked first. They also point out that the antiLib Dem questions were “Not for publication”.
I bet they bloody weren't.
See 14.15 on this thread. Hat tip Roger Mexico.
http://www.ukpollingreport.co.uk/blog/archives/2611
YouGove – Rupert Murdoch's Pollster of Choice
Federal charges filed in 'animal crush' video case
Ashley Nicole Richards Ashley Nicole Richards Photo: Houston Police Department Photo: Houston Police Department Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Federal charges filed in 'animal crush' video case 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
A Houston man and woman accused of profiting from videotaping the torture and death of several pets have been indicted on federal charges, officials said on Wednesday.
Ashley Nicole Richards, 22, and Brent Justice, 51, were arrested on Aug. 15 on animal cruelty charges. A state district judge that month ordered they remain in the Harris County Jail.
The seven-count federal indictment, returned on Wednesday, accuses them of creating and distributing the so-called "animal crush videos." The federal charges cite eight videos that involve puppies, chickens and kittens being tortured and killed, federal officials said. The indictment also alleges the videos are obscene. The videos were created between February 2010 and August 2012, according to the indictment.
At the state district court proceeding, prosecutors said Richards received emails from clients who offered to pay them to provide the videos for their sexual gratification.
Richards and Justice used meat cleavers and other knives to torture animals, prosecutors said, and posted the videos online.
If convicted on the federal charges, Richards and Justice face up to seven years in federal prison on each of the five animal crush charges and up to five years on each of the two obscenity charges, officials said.
Pressed by Sen. Russ Feingold (D-Wis.) on their view of whether the Bush administration's warrantless wiretapping program was illegal, Attorney General Eric Holder said the program was "unwise" and "inconsistent" with the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA)--but repeatedly and painstakingly refused to call it "illegal," which it was. During the campaign, Obama promised,
the President's illegal program of warrantless surveillance will be over.
Holder has previously said that warrantless surveillance is illegal. But the tortured exchange yesterday speaks more loudly than my paraphrasing:
Feingold: Is there any doubt in your mind that the warrantless wiretapping program was illegal? Holder: As it was put together at the time it was certainly unwise ... It now exists with congressional approval, so the concerns I addressed in that speech [referring to a speech at the American Constitution Society before they became Attorney General] no longer exist. Feingold: I asked if it was illegal, not unwise. Holder: I thought actions the administration had taken were inconsistent with the dictates of FISA. And as a result I thought the policy was an unwise one. The concerns I addressed then have been remedied by Congress. Feingold: Was it illegal? Holder: I said it was inconsistent with the dictates of FISA. Feingold: That sounds awfully mild compared to a very clear statement and very clear principle here ... Many people like me believe that if the statute is that explicit then it is unconstitutional for the president and illegal for the president to override the express will of the Congress. Holder: I think what I'm saying now is consistent with what I'm saying in the speech.
(If you want the full affect, you can watch it here: http://judiciary.senate.gov/...)
In English, this tortured exchange signals that the Justice Department will not prosecute anyone for one of the biggest crimes in the Bush administration: warrantless wiretapping. Ironically, this statement occurred on the same day that we learned from the New York Times' Eric Lichtblau and James Risen (the reporters who initially broke the electronic eavesdripping scandal) that the NSA overcollected American's e-mails in the millions.
Holder said they had not read the article, which is hard to believe, given that most of the senators on the Judiciary Committee had, and three of them questioned Holder on it. The NSA's spying on domestic e-mail is far more extensive than previously thought, even under the new, relaxed FISA law enacted last year gave the NSA greater leeway to collect our private communications as long as it was only the "incidental byproduct" of investigating people "reasonably believed" to be overseas.
That there is virtually no coverage of this in the MSM is the mildest of my disappointments on this issue.
JERUSALEM (AP) — A Jerusalem court on Tuesday convicted an ultra-Orthodox Israeli Jew of murder for fatally stabbing a teenage girl at a gay pride parade last year.
Yishai Schlissel was also convicted on multiple charges of attempted murder for the people they wounded in the 2015 attack.
Schlissel, who had been freed from prison weeks earlier after serving a sentence for stabbing several people at the city's pride parade in 2005, stabbed six people at the July 30 parade. One of them, 16-year-old Shira Banki, later died of their wounds.
A hearing in June will set a timetable for future sentencing. They could face life in prison.
“The accused did not learn from the legal proceedings against them 10 years ago and from the long time they served in prison. They returned and they committed these crimes with an ideology of hate,” said prosecutor Oshrat Shoham.
Jerusalem, known for its rich religious history and tradition, holds a modest gay pride parade every year in contrast to the large parade in the nearby liberal city of Tel Aviv, which drew over 100,000 people last year.
After their release from prison for serving out their term for the 2005 attack, Schlissel had angrily spoken out against the parade.
The parade was underway as planned, with party music, Israeli flags and rainbow-clad marchers wending their way through central Jerusalem, when the attacker lunged into the march, stabbing people with a long-bladed knife before being apprehended by police.
“This is not someone who should see the light of day,” said Noam Eyal, a parade participant who was wounded by Schlissel. “I'm not talking about revenge. I don't care about that but I mean the person is a danger … and it is not clear when they will stop being a threat.”
A majority of Jerusalem's residents are observant Jews, Muslims or Christians, conservative communities whose members mostly frown on homosexuality. But violent attacks on gays are rare.
Previous parades in the holy city have drawn opposition and threats.
Two Greenpeace India activists have been arrested on charges of possessing and operating a wireless set without licence, in Singrauli district of Madhya Pradesh, the police said.
However, Greenpeace India accused the police of implicating the activists, Akshay Gupta and Rahul Gupta, under false charges to scuttle their campaign.
The Greenpeace India has been active in Singrauli district, about 780 km north east of Bhopal, for about four years, protesting against proposed coal mining projects in Mahan forest area.
The arrests were made from the base camp of the organisation at village Amelia. A police team that recovered the high-frequency wireless set and other equipment came under attack from the activists, said Singrauli superintendent of police D Kalyan Chakraborty.
But senior Greenpeace India campaigner Priya Pillai said, "We are using a walky-talky and we have a valid license. What the police have seized is a mobile phone signal booster and a solar panel."
Greenpeace India has been in the eye of a storm after an Intelligence Bureau report said the NGO was one of the voluntary groups working for stalling development projects with agitations.
Minister of state for home Kiren Rijiju told Rajya Sabha recently that the Greenpeace India had received Rs 22 crore in donations from 2010-13.
First Published: Jul 30, 2014 19:14 IST
The Los Angeles Police Commission recently approved weighty new revisions to the LAPD's controversial Special Order 1 policy and the agency's intelligence guidelines amid strong public opposition, enabling police officers to continue to gather, record and share intelligence and information based solely on observed behavior.
The LAPD currently implements Special Order 1, a precept central to the agency's counterterrorism efforts. SO1 enables police officers to single out behavior or activity they deem to be “suspicious”, and then file a report on the citizen or make a stop. An older version of SO1 laid the groundwork for the federal “Suspicious Activity Reporting” (SAR) program, and the LAPD were trailblazers in 2007 in launching the standardized program that allows untrained citizens and uniforms alike to identify what they deem as a “threat” under the banner of combating terrorism at every level.
“What we need to do is solicit and build our human ring of steel,” said LAPD Deputy Chief Michael Downing at a meeting last week. “We are asking our communities to get involved.”
SAR guidelines detail that innocuous activities like taking pictures or using binoculars can be seen as potentially criminal behavior. Accordingly, the order has been under considerable fire by civil rights organizations and community activists for the space it affords police officers to misuse the authority by relying on their own instincts or their subjective bias.
Seemingly in response to concerns raised by community members, the order underwent a series of slight revisions last Tuesday. These included conducting regular audits of the program and new terminology that bans racial and religious profiling, but gives no amended strategy or new training procedure to ensure that such discrimination is institutionally avoided. Despite the policy's altered language, the same civil liberties concerns persist.
In addition, the LAPD also proposed a complex expansion to the unit's intelligence guidelines that gives police officers unprecedented access into the private lives of citizens who not only reside in Los Angeles, but outside the LAPD's jurisdiction as well. The chilling implications of these broadening guidelines are strikingly similar to the NYPD's strategy of surveillance of the Muslim community in the past decade.
New amendments to the LAPD's approach include using informants and in person surveillance in response to unverified “tips,” increasingly invasive cyber surveillance tactics, allowance of the infiltration of non-target organizations and a reduction of oversight of undercover investigations. The secret NYPD document entitled “Strategic Posture 2006” divulged that the intelligence division had been spying on Muslim institutions, mosques, businesses, groups, schools and individuals all over New York and even across state lines.
In the document (PDF), Islamic organizations and institutions were categorically organized according to their level of infiltration — whether they were being targeted through an “undercover” agent, an “informant” or by “cyber” surveillance. Not only does the jargon of LAPD strategy echo the language of Strategic Posture 2006, it fortifies LAPD officers with the same muscle.
When the secret NYPD policy leaked, civil rights organizations and Muslim groups responded in an uproar, raising questions about the efficacy and validity of a program that pursues innocent civilians practicing their constitutionally protected freedoms. The NYPD's controversial program was shrouded in secrecy for years, but sent shockwaves throughout the nation when it was uncovered by the Associated Press last year. The LAPD's analogous directive is currently being written into law in broad daylight. The complex policy however, is being stalled in a tedious bureaucratic process, preventing it from manufacturing even a fraction of the fervor.
Since contentious policies and programs are subject to public comment, NYPD officials insisted that there was adequate oversight of the department and its programs. As the policy unraveled however, many groups questioned the legitimacy of such ostensible oversight.
“If it's one thing we have learned the hard way in Los Angeles, it's that when oversight mechanisms are taken away, there is more likelihood of abuse,” Anne Richardson, a civil rights attorney, told Raw Story. “Think of Rampart, the Red Squads, the Public Disorder Intelligence Division of years past.”
In last week's LAPD meeting, community activists voiced their concerns over the burgeoning system for gathering anti-terrorism intelligence, a means by which the LAPD claims to maintain transparency and oversight. The public discourse however, was hardly acknowledged in the Board of Commissioners review of the guidelines.
Gratuitous surveillance and infringement of civil liberties and privacy have not been the only fears expressed by dissenters of the policy. As is the case with Special Order 1, the LAPD's emergent system for gathering anti terrorism intelligence is duplicating many tactics already employed by the FBI. Amid a budget crisis, many questions over whether resources are being funneled into an effective and indispensable program are being raised.
“These programs that have no place in our society are wasting important resources,” Jim Lafferty, the Executive Director of the National Lawyers Guild of Los Angeles, told Raw Story. “There is certainly symbiosis between the LAPD and the FBI.”
Indeed, “Strategic Posture 2006” proved that insidious surveillance might not be the most sound strategy — the program failed to produce any terrorism related leads in over six years. While the LAPD's anti terrorism plan is taking the shape of the NYPD's intelligence shadow, law enforcement officials have faith that they won't fall victim to the same gaffe.
“We want to do this better than anyone else,” said LAPD Chief Charlie Beck at the Aug. 28 meeting. “The entire country struggles with SAR and what it entails. . . This is a very delicate path that we tread on.”
Yet many still remain skeptical of the LAPD and its methods. “A lot of the changes to law enforcement intelligence gathering in the US have one key component – the removal of a requirement of a factual basis for believing that somebody is doing something wrong,” said Michael German a former FBI agent and current Policy Counsel on National Security, Immigration and Privacy at ACLU National. “Whether it's the PATRIOT Act, the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, the SAR Program, or this suspicion-less monitoring of entire communities, none of it is based on actual evidence, or even suspicion, of wrong doing. This leads to inappropriate, biased targeting.”
Petar Kujundzic/Reuters McDonald's locations across the United States are shutting down on a "Day Without Immigrants."
On Thursday, organizers in cities across the country encouraged immigrants not to show up for work or patronize businesses, to show how crucial they are to the American economy.
According to reports on social media, some McDonald's locations are feeling the impact and have been forced to close for the day.
"I was going to stop at McDonald's for breakfast, but it's closed," one Facebook user from New Jersey wrote. "I hear it's closed because this is the day immigrants are taking off as protest to Trump's immigration law. I was annoyed at first until I realized why it was closed. Now I'm in full support of anything that goes against Trump and their ilk."
"Just FYI. Today is immigrants day," another Facebook user from Oklahoma City, Oklahoma wrote. "In spirit of it the McDonald's on Douglas off the highway is closed. True story. Enjoy your day."
It is unclear if franchisees purposefully closed their locations. However, in at least in one instance, it seems that workers simply did not show up.
The "Day Without Immigrants" protest comes in response to President Donald Trump's plans to build a wall along the US-Mexico border, as well as their promise to pass more aggressive deportation policies. The protest also addresses Trump's executive order banning immigrants from seven majority-Muslim nations from entering the US, a ban which was frozen but Trump has said they plan to rewrite.
By refusing to work, immigrants involved in the protest attempt to demonstrate how exactly the US would be impacted by increased deportations and new immigration policies.
Our offensive and defensive player grades for the Saints much-needed victory over the Pittsburgh Steelers are now ready for viewing, along with individual snap counts and written summaries detailing the performance of every player.
On the back of three straight defeats, and with another tough match-up that looked decidedly shaky on paper, we saw the Saints only chance of victory in taking the game to the Steelers and instigating some kind of offensive explosion. In some ways the Saints did just that, but they also exceeded expectations in other areas on the way to securing an impressive road victory. All told, it makes for a set of player grades that are certainly easier on the eye than what we've grown accustomed to in recent weeks. There are still a few surprises (and slight disappointments) we've uncovered after watching the all-22 though, so read on for our full breakdown of what went on at Heinz Field.
For those of you viewing our Player Grades for the first time, our Player Performance Grading System uses a 9-point color-coded scale to produce an easy to understand visual indicator of the performance of each player on both rushing plays, passing plays and in the game overall. You can find a more thorough explanation of our grading system, along with diagrams of what exactly everything means, by clicking here.
As always, for ease of reference, our 9-point color-coded grading scale is pictured below:
Ok, onto the grades. (Please note, you can click on the grading chart for each individual position group to load a slightly enlarged version in a new window/tab).
OFFENSE
As an offensive unit, the Saints started slow on Sunday against Pittsburgh. After their first three drives of the game, the Saints had only two first downs, totalling just 42 yards on offense and unsurprisingly zero points. The blame for this could partly be laid at the doorstep of the offensive line, who started the game like they were yet to shake a hangover that has lingered throughout a rough few weeks. You could also say that the first 20 minutes of this road matchup were nothing more than a light sparring session employed by Sean Payton, utilised to allow the Saints opportunity to size Dick LeBeau's “exotic” defense without risking that dreaded “road turnover”. Regardless of the reasons why however, the fact is that beyond the early tentativeness, the next six New Orleans possessions yielded 35 points. Basically, everything clicked for the offense from 9:47 remaining in the 2nd quarter.
The positional group that arguably needed the most improvement from Week 12 was the offensive line. In this game, it was the right side who achieved that quicker that the left, with Zach Strief shaking off their Dumervil-induced nightmare in doing a great job on Jason Worilds and Stephon Tuitt off the edge. Jahri Evans also continued their impressive form of late with a dominating performance over Cameron Heyward inside. Center Jonathan Goodwin deserves praise for what their best all-round grade since they suffered that high-ankle sprain back in Week 3. Some under-sized personnel groupings along the Steelers D-Line seemed to suit Goodwin, as Dick LeBeau struggled to find a way to get by without injured starting nose tackle Steve McLendon. Regardless of that though, here's hoping Sunday's promising performance is a sign of things to come for the under-fire Saints center.
Much of the success in the run game also came behind the same three offensive linemen mentioned above. However, a shout-out also needs to go to Bryce Harris, who, whilst briefly deputising for Terron Armstead at LT, actually made the key edge-sealing block on Mark Ingram's longest rush of the day (31 yards). Ingram themselves had a game that would look more at home alongside the majority of their 2014 collection, rather that bearing any similarity to what was a tough night against Baltimore. What was also important for The BoiLa on Sunday was the performance of Erik Lorig. The full-back had their best game lead blocking since re-joining the active roster, and it seems no coincidence that their snap count increased during this game as a result.
Now, everything mentioned in the above three paragraphs was obviously important, but there's no doubt that the real stars of the show offensively for the Saints on Sunday were Drew Brees and Kenny Stills. Brees got into an incredible rhythm between the Saints 4th and 10th possessions, completing nearly 80% of their passes at over 12 yards per attempt, while tossing five touchdowns during that six drive period. The main beneficiary receiving-wise was Stills, who's crisp route running and acceleration was too much for both William Gay and Ike Taylor to handle. As mentioned in their individual summary, Stills now leads all Saints receivers by some distance in nearly every category since Brandin Cooks hit IR. The Saints needed a wideout to step up following that bad break, and credit has to go to Stills for doing just that.
In a strong all-round offensive effort, the only real disappointing performance came from veteran Marques Colston. As you'll have seen on The BoiLa, we've remained high on what Colston brings to this offense as an every down contributor, despite others saying that “he's done”. However, we can't deny their hands have let them down on occasions this season. The frustrating thing for me is that the “Quiet Storm” had been pretty much guaranteed to make those tough catches across the middle throughout their career, and even this year he's made some circus grabs, albeit interspersed with some inexplicable drops as well. The ability is obviously still there as he's still getting open regularly. The only thing I can deduce is that it must be a lingering mental issue plaguing Colston this season. Whatever it is, if there's any way to get the “always reliable” version of Marques Colston to return down the stretch, it would be much appreciated.
DEFENSE
What a difference a week makes. In our review and grades last week, we flagged some serious concerns and trends about the defense that didn't look like they were going away anywhere soon. Bad angles, bad coverage, bad tackling and most crucially bad line play. As if by magic, on Sunday (aside from the odd missed tackle on Leveon Bell) there was no sign of any such deficiencies. Despite Pittsburgh piling on huge yardage totals and 32 points (aided, it must be said, by garbage time yards and points), it was actually one of the most complete defensive performances from the Saints this year.
In many ways, in fact, Sunday's defensive showing reminded us of the 2013 Saints D. And, much like that 2013 unit, everything started up front. In Pittsburgh the defensive line turned in one of its best collective efforts of the year against a good O-Line. Junior Galette, Tyrunn Walker and most impressively of all Cam Jordan absolutely terrorised the Steelers' offensive line on the day. Back-up tackle Mike Adams was dominated by any Saint that came into their vicinity. We had flagged doubts over Adams in our preview as a key to the game, and it absolutely turned out to be the key in the trenches. Both Galette and Jordan victimised Adams in a way we had not seen since David Foucault in Carolina back in October. Rob Ryan clearly has an ability to scheme for and target weak links along opposing offensive lines. The line play was solid enough against a stern run blocking Pittsburgh O-line too, but it was the return of the pass rush that was the most welcome element of Sunday's game.
It was a slightly more mixed day for the linebackers (again in keeping with the 2013 D!). Lofton had a subdued day, with David Hawthorne instead leading the team in stops. Hawthorne had an excellent game defending the run, but struggled mightily in coverage (predominantly mismatched on Leveon Bell). The Steeler running back added a large chunk of their receiving yardage in “garbage time”, but even before then there was very often easy yards to be gained over the middle for Roethlisberger. The problem for the Steelers was that Roethlisberger was under constant duress and found their accuracy wanting on numerous occasions. As such, although Lofton and Hawthorne's coverage was poor (they gave up combined over 120 YAC on passes in their direction), the Saints weren't punished as badly as they could have been for it.
The Saints' secondary benefited hugely from the improved pass rush on the day. Rather than being asked to cover for 5, 6, 7 seconds on every down, the corners and safeties were able to play tight coverage safe in the knowledge that Big Ben would be forced to throw quickly after the snap. Keenan Lewis looked healthier than in the Baltimore MNF game, which is certainly encouraging as the Saints approach crunch time in the schedule. The main props must go to Patrick Robinson, though. P-Rob picked up the Antonio Brown assignment on Sunday and was excellent in coverage all day. With better hands, P-Rob would have had 3 picks. They were ably assisted by Pierre Warren on a number of deliberate “double cover” looks that the Saints worked into the scheme on Sunday. Saints fans could not ask for more from Warren since their move from Minnesota.  They are becoming more and more familiar with the scheme and playbook and, if they can get their tackling tidied up, has all the attributes of a very good safety.
After their start to the season and unceremonious benching, many observers thought P-Rob would be nothing more than a nickel (or even dime) back for the 2014 Saints. A small but vocal number of fans even wanted number 21 to be cut. Since being dropped from the starting lineup, P-Rob has come back incredibly strong – first as a nickel back and now starting outside again. If they can maintain this form, the absolute key need in the secondary will be filled.
Saints fans should also remember that, in Pittsburgh, Rob Ryan's defense was facing a top 5 offense. This makes their achievement of holding Pittsburgh to 15 points and under 300 yards (until garbage time at least) all the more impressive. That said, a lingering frustration for me about this defense is that it is just so hard to work out their identity. One week they completely fail to cover slot receivers. The next they completely fail to stop the run. And then the next they are generating constant pressure and making turnovers like a lethal 2009/2013 hybrid defense. There just does not seem to be much pattern as to which Saints defense will turn up week to week – the attributes of the opposition almost seem irrelevant at times!
————————————–
Do let us know what you think of these grades in the comments below, or you can holler at us on Twitter @CrAwFiShBoiLa. If you're interested in the rest of our Saints player grades then be sure to check our Saints Player Grades Archive.
Divisional football returns now for the Saints, and at the BoiLa we'll be turning our attention back towards the Carolina Panthers. For those that would like a refresher on the road game back in Week 9, then make sure you check out our Player Grades, Snap Counts and Analysis for it.
As always, we'll be posting up our Offensive and Defensive Previews for the clutch NFC South matchup this weekend (hopefully a bit earlier than our Week 13 ones… apologies – it was a busy week!). To ensure you always get updated when something new is posted on The BoiLa then you can use the “Follow” option on our blog, or alternatively give us a follow-on Twitter.
Advertisements
I have seen, this idea posted in here, but I wanted to give my point of view my idea of CAD+VR setup.
At the moment VR is just launching at the consumer level, and the hardware that is good enough is here.
I think that fusion 360 and Inventor both should have VR intergration, because it opens up new ways to work and collaborate
At the moment the best hardware to start implementing would be HTC Vive, and later Oculus Rift.
why?
Because roomscale and motion controllers.
For example look at the program called tilt brush, and if any chance try it.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=91J8pLHdDB0
VR for the abilty to get sense of scale of the things you are modeling.
Motion controllers for modeling and interacting with parts.
Roomscale for walking around your model.
at the moment game engines like Unreal Engine 4 and Unity will have VR editor
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JKO9fEjNiio
and valve had awesome collection of demos, called the lab, and one of them is Human Body Scan where you can view 3D model of skeleton and the feeling i got, is the ability to slice the scan and look inside, and this would be awesome to to with inventor assembles, the function to do that in inventor is there.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-PVAcLlYUpg
and for the last thing
http://www.engineering.com/DesignSoftware/DesignSoftwareArticles/ArticleID/11985/Dassault-Systemes-T...
I am writing this in our autumn, once Tasmania's most beautiful season. But the china-blue skies are now nicotine scummed, as smoke from the burning of old-growth forest floats over Hobart, an inescapable reminder that the destruction of ancient woodland - like no other in the world - is accelerating.
In Tasmania, an island the size of Ireland whose primeval forests astonished 19th-century Europeans, an incomprehensible ecological tragedy is being played out.
Recent calls from Britain to boycott Tasmanian goods and tourism are not going to end logging. But in an Australian election year, with the forests emerging as a major issue, they form part of a chorus of international condemnation that shows Australians that the forests are not just a natural resource, but are globally significant wild lands.
Rainforest is being clearfelled and then burnt with napalm. The world's tallest hardwood trees, eucalyptus regnans, are being reduced to mud and ash. And the monocultural plantations that replace the old growths soak up so much groundwater that rivers are drying up.
Compound 1080, a lethal poison, is laid to kill off native animals that might graze plantation seedlings. In the resulting slaughter, wallabies, kangaroos, possums, and protected species such as wombats, bettongs and potoroos, die in slow agony.
The survival of extraordinary creatures such as the giant Tasmanian freshwater crayfish - the largest in the world - is in doubt because of logging. Scientists warn that numerous insect species still unrecorded are disappearing in the conflagration. Local people are finding their water contaminated with atrazine, a potent weedkiller.
Logging is an industry driven solely by greed. It prospers with government support and subsidies, and it is accelerating its rate of destruction, so that Tasmania is now the largest hardwood chip exporter in the world. And Gunns, the largest logging company in Australia with a monopoly in Tasmania, is making record profits selling these forests as woodchips, which are in turn made into paper and cardboard.
But the woodchippers are destroying not only Tasmania's natural heritage, but also its parliament, its polity, its media and its society. The close relationship which leading Tasmanian politicians enjoy with Gunns, goes beyond sizeable donations to both major parties; it has given rise to a political culture of bullying, cronyism and threats, a culture that allowed the state's electoral system, under a 1997 Liberal-Labour deal, to be altered to minimise Green representation.
Because of the forest battle, a subtle fear has entered Tasmanian public life; it stifles dissent and is conducive to the abuse of power. To question or to comment is to invite the possibility of ostracism and unemployment.
The reality, relentlessly denied with lies, is that logging old growth brings neither wealth nor jobs to impoverished rural communities. Most wealth made out of woodchips flows out of the state; less than 15% of Gunns' profits stay in Tasmania, which remains the poorest Australian state. Contrary to the government's claim that 10,000 jobs depend on old-growth logging, John Gay, Gunns' managing director, recently admitted that only 480 jobs were at stake.
However, the giving away of such an extraordinary resource does threaten Tasmania's broader economic prospects. Key industries in which job growth is concentrated, such as tourism and fine foods and wines, trade as much on the island's pristine image as they do on the products they sell, and there is growing concern at the damage being done to Tasmania's name by images of smouldering forest.
Since woodchipping began 32 years ago, Tasmanians have watched as one extraordinary place after another has been sacrificed. Beautiful places, holy places, lost not only to them, but for ever. They overwhelmingly want the practice of old-growth logging ended - Wilderness Society polls show that 69% of Tasmanians are opposed to the practice.
But with both major political parties in Tasmania as one in their rigid support of Gunns and old-growth logging, Tasmanians cannot stop this coalition of greed and power from within their island. Change can only be brought about by the Australian government, and it will only act when the issue becomes one of inescapable national shame.
Of course it can be argued that the destruction of one more unique piece of our natural world, while regrettable, is small change next to the horror of Madrid, or the tragedy of Iraq. But in the lineaments of the struggle in a distant island, it is possible to see a larger battle, the same battle the world over - that between truth and power.
Günter Grass, writing of Tasmania's forests, has described their destruction as an aspect of the same attitude that led to Nazi book-burnings. Could it be that, when all our skies appear to be darkening, the great forests of Tasmania are a symbol of hope for us all?
· Richard Flanagan's most recent novel is Gould's Book of Fish
jane.novak@macmillan.com.au
On 9/18/01, the anthrax attacks started. The lethal anthrax spores -- which were sent along with notes purportedly written by Islamic terrorists -- used a weaponized anthrax strain from the top U.S. bioweapons facility, the Fort Detrick military base . Indeed, top bioweapons experts have stated that the anthrax attack may have been a CIA test "gone wrong" ; and see this article by a former NSA and naval intelligence officer
"Coincidentally", White House staff began taking the anti-anthrax medicine before the Anthrax attacks occurred.
Moreover, the only congress people mailed anthrax-containing letters were key Democrats, and the attacks occurred one week before passage of the freedom-curtailing Patriot Act, which seems to have scared them and the rest of congress into passing that act without even reading it (this is not a partisan issue, since this author believes that party affiliation is not a reliable indicator of loyalty to the Constitution; rather, the senators targeted just happened to pose a threat in 2001 to passage of the Patriot Act).While 9/11 was mainly aimed at the American people, the anthrax attacks were apparently aimed at Congress. Specifically, the bioterror scare appears to have been launched in order to instill sufficient fear and disruption among the few remaining legislators who still honor the Constitution that they would be willing to let the Patriot Act be passed without real analysis or debate.Think this is all far-fetched to be true? Well, the bioweapons expert who actually drafted the current bioweapons law (the Biological Weapons Anti-Terrorism Act of 1989) has said that they are convinced the October 2001 anthrax attacks that killed five people were perpetrated and covered up by criminal elements of the U.S. government. The motive: to foment a police state by killing off and intimidating opposition to post-9/11 legislation such as the USA PATRIOT Act and the later Military Commissions Act
Indeed, "The FBI has completely shut Congress out of its now five-year investigation into anthrax attacks on Capitol Hill and around the nation". In other words, Congress -- which legally has every right to know what really happened, and which was the main victim of the attack -- is being kept in the dark. (While many in Congress may be complicit in alot of dastardly deeds, you don't want the victims of a false flag attack to know who really attacked them).
And the authorities have mysteriously failed to investigate the main suspect in the anthrax attacks, yet another indication that the attacks were a false flag misdirection.
Without 9/11, the American public would not have given in to the Bush administration's imperial agenda. Without the anthrax attack, Congress would not have let the Constitution be demolished so quickly. A few legislators would probably have successfully stood against the Patriot Act, or at least demanded that that law be read and analyzed before it was adopted.
While not nearly as many people were killed by the Anthrax attack as by 9/11, the anthrax attack was also an important false flag operation - one aimed directly at Congress.
My science fiction murder mystery IN RETROSPECT will be published by Five Star (Gale-Cengage) in Nov 2013. I've been a freelance editor for many years, but having a book traditionally published is a major life even for me. So I'm going all-in on promotion, well aware that these days success is all about attracting attention on the Internet.
Incredible artist (check it out) and my old friend Mike Sissons teaches a class in Concept Art, which they describe as being "about taking ideas--concepts--from the written word and putting those concepts into something visual for film and video game producers to base their productions on." Mike, who has always liked my writing, approached me to see if I had any descriptions from my books that they could use to turn into concept art.
Did I.
A dozen stunning illustrations done in Concept Art style resulted (check it out).
When I learned that Mike had training and experience in film-making, I asked them if they would be willing to do the book trailer for IN RETROSPECT. Having a unique trailer is one of the best ways to generate a buzz for a book online.
Mike agreed, glad to get the chance to work on 3D video and other techniques. So this Kickstarter project was conceived to defray the costs of making a top-flight trailer (purchasing software, paying for the license for the incredible music, paying a voice-over artist) and for printing posters and postcards based on art from the trailer to use as additional promo.
This project will take many months. Mike is currently in the process of doing what can best be called "building sets" for the trailer. Seriously: check it out:
About the Kickstarter Video: The In Retrospect Book Trailer Video is a visual representation of how the Trailer was conceived. It includes the first draft of the trailer itself. All artwork is by Michael Sissons. The music for the first half of the video is Luvorène I by Bacalao (CC BY-NC-ND 3.0). The music for the Trailer is Soul Angel by Petite Viking (with permission). The cover graphic you see in the video and on this Kickstarter page is a stand in, and is _not_ the final cover for the book, which will be designed by Five Star in due course.
A series of impending departures is setting off a string of title changes in the defense and intelligence sector. Current CIA director Leon Panetta is seen as the most likely candidate to replace Defense Secretary Robert Gates when they step down later this year. Now NPR reports General David Petraeus is being “seriously considered” for Panetta's role as CIA director when Petraeus steps down as commander of U.S. forces in Afghanistan this fall. Government officials say Petraeus is likely to take the job if offered, perhaps because there are few high-profile military jobs left for them to consider. Petraeus supporters, who describe them as “the best general of their generation,” were surprised they aren't in the running for chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff. Instead, that's expected to go to the Pentagon's current No. 2, Marine General James “Hoss” Cartwright, when Admiral Mike Mullen leaves in September. In Obama's Wars, Bob Woodward called Cartwright the president's “favorite general.”
Petraeus's detractors aren't surprised they were passed up considering “King David” has a reputation among peers for being overly political and ambitious. In fact, it's not guaranteed that Petraeus, once considered a potential 2012 Republican nominee, will get any new job in the administration. But the decision to name a senior officer with no specialized intelligence background to head the CIA is hardly unusual. Before Panetta, retired Air Force General Michael Hayden held the role, with several admirals and generals leading the agency since it started 60 years ago.
For a military officer, Petraeus is already well-connected in D.C. But a CIA post could give them entrée into civilian politics in the capital — should they try to move from “king” to president in 2016.
Gen. Petraeus Being ‘Seriously Considered' For CIA Director, NPR Reports [Two-Way/NPR]
General David Petraeus tipped to take over CIA [Telegraph UK]
The rest of their story is a thoughtful meditation on political art and having kids perform it.
My instinct is against propaganda, whether judged as aesthetics or pedagogy. But even if there were nothing objectionable about indoctrinating 6-year-olds in this way, the musical would have fallen short in much the same way that San Francisco has in grappling with the most significant reason for its affordability crisis: the widespread opposition of its left-leaning residents to lots more new building.
That isn't the lone factor driving up rents. But if the musical sought to use dramatic license to get at a core truth, the antagonists shouldn't have been evil tech executives—they should have been protectionist property owners gleefully watching their biggest assets skyrocket in value as they blocked high-density development.
Such homeowners see themselves as do-gooders protecting the character of their city. In my propaganda play, they'd be sympathetic to the plight of the working class, but a fair amount more concerned about preserving refurbished Victorians. And they'd prevail by tricking economically illiterate activists into allying with them after sneakily tearing the supply-and-demand chapters from their Econ 101 textbooks.
Of course, a plot of that sort would never be produced at a San Francisco after-school program, though it would be as earnestly aimed at making housing more affordable. “We do not attempt to answer questions with our art,” the director of the children's musical declared, “but rather to ask questions.” Yet I suspect my made-up plot would do more to provoke and challenge audiences in leftist enclaves than yet another narrative casting willfully evil corporations as stock villains.
Like people, corporations sometimes do evil.
But on this issue, the main thing tech companies have done to fuel rising rents is to create lots of high-paying jobs and employ members of a generation more likely than their parents were to prefer living in cities. Plus, techies are not against affordable housing. In fact, cheaper housing in the Bay Area aligns with their interests.
As Gabriel Metcalf put it in CityLab:
By the early 1990s it was clear that San Francisco had a fateful choice: Reverse course on its development attitudes, or watch America's rekindled desire for city life overwhelm the openness and diversity that had made the city so special. When San Francisco should have been building at least 5,000 new housing units a year to deal with the growing demand to live here, it averaged only about 1,500 a year over several decades. In a world where we have the ability to control the supply of housing locally, but people still have the freedom to move where they want, all of this has played out in predictable ways.
The city's ideological progressives exacerbated the problem:
Instead of forming a pro-growth coalition with business and labor, most of the San Francisco Left made an enduring alliance with home-owning NIMBYs… Over the years, these anti-development sentiments were translated into restrictive zoning, the most cumbersome planning and building approval process in the country, and all kinds of laws and rules that make it uniquely difficult, time-consuming, and expensive to add housing in San Francisco.
In “SF's Housing Crisis Explained,” Kim-Mai Cutler provides more useful context:
San Francisco has a roughly thirty-five percent homeownership rate. Then 172,000 units of the city's 376,940 housing units are under rent control. (That's about 75% of the city's rental stock.) Homeowners have a strong economic incentive to restrict supply because it supports price appreciation of their own homes. It's understandable. Many of them have put the bulk of their net worth into their homes and they don't want to lose that. So they engage in NIMBYism under the name of preservationism or environmentalism, even though denying in-fill development here creates pressures for sprawl elsewhere. They do this through hundreds of politically powerful neighborhood groups …Rent-controlled tenants care far more about eviction protections than increasing supply. That's because their most vulnerable constituents are paying rents that are so far below market-rate, that only an ungodly amount of construction could possibly help them. Plus, that construction wouldn't happen fast enough — especially for elderly tenants. So we're looking at as much as 80 percent of the city that isn't naturally oriented to add to the housing stock. Oh, and tech? The industry is about 8 percent of San Francisco's workforce.
Yet tech remains the villain of the artistic left. Cutler goes on to point out that “the city's height limits, its rent control and its formidable permitting process are all products of tenant, environmental and preservationist movements that have arisen and fallen over decades,” and that “the sophistication with which neighborhood groups wield San Francisco's arcane land-use and zoning regulations for activist purposes is one of the very unique things about the city's politics.”
On this episode we take a look at the 3rd party reveals from the Singapore Toy, Game, and Comic Convention. We also talk about the special Archie-themed Transformers comic cover from IDW and what's this about bunk beds? All this and much, much more on this episode of TransMissions!
Check out our “Trips to the Store” video segment on YouTube!
Like what we're doing and want to help make our podcast even better? Support us on Patreon or donate via Paypal!
Want to see a new IDW comic set in the G1 cartoon universe? Sign our petition and make your voice heard!
Show Notes:
If you enjoy TransMissions, please rate us on iTunes and Stitcher! These ratings greatly help podcasts become more discoverable to other people using those services and is an easy way to help out our show.
Contact us:
Tomato Avocado Carousel Sandwich Recipe with Nature's Harvest Bread
Nature's Harvest® provided coupons & a gift card to purchase ingredients for this post. All opinions are my own.
When you have a busy work-at-home-lifestyle, it's easy to forget to eat. When I do remember, I'm usually eating in front of my computer, taking a “working lunch.” Usually it's more work than lunch! Sandwiches are the easiest way for me to work and eat at the same time. I'll be honest, my sandwiches are pretty boring because I'm such a picky eater. When Nature's Harvest® bread challenged me to come up with an original recipe, I had to think outside my usual routine.
My mom eats a lot of tomato sandwiches. I swear they practically live on them! I wanted to come up with a way to make their regular old tomato sandwich a little more interesting. Since I know nothing about what goes well with tomatoes, I hit the internet and looked at about 50 tomato sandwich recipes for inspiration. I researched flavors and tried to figure out what went well together. I asked my mom what they would eat. The end result is super easy to make, yet really classes up your plain old tomato on bread. Plus it's all mine! My mom was my taste tester and they said I did good, so I hope you like it too!
Tomato Avocado Carousel Sandwich Recipe
Ingredients:
2 slices Natures Harvest® 100& Stone Ground Whole Wheat Bread (you can use other types of Natures Harvest® if you prefer)
1 thick slice of tomato (I used Hot House Tomato, and it makes a difference. Don't get the cheap tomatoes, splurge and get something good. You can get a few sandwiches out of one tomato).
Avocado (just ripe, not too ripe but also not still hard)
Mozzarella Cheese (the good kind you can slice)
Pepper to season, if desired
Mayonnaise (my mom only eats the real stuff, but I imagine you can go with any type you prefer here)
Directions:
Spread a layer of mayo on the bottom piece of bread. Thick or thin, it's up to you.
Add your thick slice of tomato
Slice the avocado into small pieces and arrange in a pinwheel around the tomato
Fill in the gaps between the avocado with small slices of mozzarella cheese.
Sprinkle pepper if desired
Top with other slice of bread. You can add more mayo to that slice if you want, or not. That's really up to you.
Originally, I was going to add bigger slices of avocado and a thick slice of that super fancy mozzarella cheese, but turns out the stuff I bought wasn't the “fancy” stuff AND I have no idea how people slice avocados so pretty. So this carousel sandwich actually became a thing because I messed up the original recipe.
Why Natures's Harvest Bread?
Did you know that, as an adult, you're supposed to eat 48 grams of whole grains daily? Your kids (ages 4-13) should be getting between 40-48 grams daily. Yet, according to studies, many of us aren't reaching that daily minimum. Nature's Harvest bread is baked with at least 8 grams of whole grains per serving. The 100& Stone Ground Whole Wheat Bread has an incredibly 25 grams per serving. One sandwich and you're halfway to your daily recommended requirement.
Nature's Harvest breads are made without artificial flavors or colors. They're also completely free of high fructose corn syrup. They come in many delicious varieties, from Honey Wheat to Butter Top, and even Buttermilk Made with Whole Grain Bread. I am definitely trying that one next!
To help encourage you and your family to incorporate those 48 grams of whole grains into your diet, Nature's Harvest® bread launched a fun “Whole Grain Challenge.” From now through August 10, take the whole grain pledge on the Nature's Harvest® Facebook page and you'll automatically be entered into a weekly sweepstake. You'll also find great educational resources on the Facebook page as well as Nature's Harvest® website to help you stay on track with the challenge.
Denino's Pizzeria is a landmark in New York, with our award winning, thin-crust pizza.
We originally opened in 1937 as a full tavern on Richmond Avenue, Staten Island until Carlo Denino introduced Pizza in 1951. Since then, Denino's Pizzeria and Tavern has been renowned for our pizza pie and Italian dinner platters, which we always prepare fresh daily. We use our family's recipes for Chicken Parmigiana, Meatballs and Sausage and over the years we've added our own version of tavern favorites like Wings, Scungilli and Hero Sandwiches.
Everything is always made from scratch, never frozen, and cooked to order.
Whenever New Yorkers come home, they come home to Denino's Pizzeria
for thin crust, crispy, Cheesy Pizza piping hot right out of the oven.
When you visit a Denino's Restaurant you are sharing in a part of our
legacy and family tradition that started nearly 8 decades ago.
Garlic-Lime Chicken
I'm flirting with going vegetarian.
I'm reading up on different kinds of grains, beans and legumes. I dream about finding joy in bowls full of greens. I constantly (weekly) ask my husband if they think they could go meat-free (the answers are always inconclusive -or- NO).
But for now, I'll try and focus on eating healthier meats.
Like chicken.
If you're anything like me, you eat a TON of chicken. Gaggles of chickens… or is it flocks? or…herds? I'm not great at my collective animal term knowledge.
I think chicken is the healthiest lean protein to eat (aside from fish – but I'm not in Seattle here) and one of the cheapest to get all natural, free range, or organic. So let's pass up the ground chuck for some beautiful, pink, glistening chicken breasts; and, you know cook 'em up in a tasty way.
This is where I run into problems. I'm so bored with my chicken recipes and I'm always on the hunt for new ones that don't take a lot of time or fancy ingredients.
Here's one that's great. All the ingredients you probably already have, and it takes no time at all and barely any effort. Crack open a Corona with these.
Garlic-Lime Chicken
Adapted from All Recipes
3/4 teaspoon salt
1/4 teaspoon black pepper
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
1/8 teaspoon paprika
1/4 teaspoon garlic powder
1/8 teaspoon onion powder
1/4 teaspoon dried thyme
1/4 teaspoon dried parsley
4 boneless, skinless chicken breast halves
2 tablespoons butter
1 tablespoon olive oil
2 teaspoons garlic powder
3 tablespoons lime juice
1. In a small bowl, mix together salt, black pepper, cayenne, paprika, 1/4 teaspoon garlic powder, onion powder, thyme and parsley. Sprinkle spice mixture generously on both sides of chicken breasts.
2. Heat butter and olive oil in a large heavy skillet over medium heat. Saute chicken until golden brown, about 6 minutes on each side. Sprinkle with 2 teaspoons garlic powder and lime juice. Cook 5 minutes, stirring frequently to coat evenly with sauce.
Advertisements
Space Exploration > History
The Space Shuttle and the Horse's Rear End
Say friend, did you know that the US Standard railroad gauge (distance between the rails) is 4 feet, 8 1/2 inches.
That's an exceedingly odd number. Why was that gauge used?
Because that's the way they built them in England, and the US railroads were built by English expatriates.
I see, but why did the English build them like that?
Because the first railway lines were built by the same people who built the pre-railroad tramways, and that's the gauge they used.
Well, why did they use that gauge in England?
Because the people who built the tramways used the same jigs and tools that they used for building wagons, which used that wheel spacing.
Okay! Why did their wagons use that odd wheel spacing?
Because, if they tried to use any other spacing the wagon wheels would break on some of the old, long distance roads. Because that's the spacing of the old wheel ruts.
So who built these old rutted roads?
The first long distance roads in Europe were built by Imperial Rome for the benefit of their legions. The Roman roads have been used ever since.
And the ruts?
The original ruts, which everyone else had to match for fear of destroying their wagons, were first made by the wheels of Roman war chariots. Since the chariots were made for or by Imperial Rome they were all alike in the matter of wheel spacing.
Thus, we have the answer to the original question. The United States standard railroad gauge of 4 feet, 8 1/2 inches derives from the original specification for an Imperial Roman army war chariot.
And the motto of the story is Specifications and bureaucracies live forever.
So, the next time you are handed a specification and wonder what horse's ass came up with it, you may be exactly right. Because the Imperial Roman chariots were made to be just wide enough to accommodate the back-ends of two war-horses.
So, just what does this have to do with the exploration of space?
Well, there's an interesting extension of the story about railroad gauge and horses' behinds. When we see a Space Shuttle sitting on the launch pad, there are two big booster rockets attached to the sides of the main fuel tank. These are the solid rocket boosters, or SRBs. The SRBs are made by Thiokol at a factory in Utah. The engineers who designed the SRBs might have preferred to make them a bit fatter, but the SRBs had to be shipped by train from the factory to the launch site.
The railroad from the factory runs through a tunnel in the mountains. The SRBs had to fit through that tunnel. The tunnel is slightly wider than a railroad track, and the railroad track is about as wide as two horses' behinds.
So a major design feature of what is arguably the world's most advanced transportation system was originally determined by the width of a horse's ass.
Home Concepts History Interviews Space Stations Technology
As the Rocky Mount Telegram and Carolina Journal noted this morning, North Carolina legislators are considering “educational access” options for “non-public education.” This legislation would allow corporations to divert up to $40 million of their taxes to nonprofits that would grant scholarships to children of low-income families to attend private schools.
Although one may wish to see less reliance on public education, in favor of superior quality private education, this initiative would backfire. To understand why, one needs to consider what these words “private” and “public” mean in education.
The problem is that these words confuse the spectrum. One would better characterize the distinction as between government education and independent education. On the one hand you have schooling, funded by taxation and controlled by government officials. On the other, you have a variety of forms of education accountable to parents and funded by the customer.
With that understood, regulation and funding from government make schools “private” in name only. Unfortunately, legislators and government officials have used school vouchers and tax credits to do just that—although vouchers are worse in this regard. In fact, once taxpayer money gets involved, counterproductive regulation is inevitable.
This negative outcome associated with “school choice” programs came to my attention while working as a reporter in Louisiana. Although the state had a host of charter schools, a voucher program, and a similar tax credit to the one proposed here in North Carolina, I soon learnt that these schools were hardly independent from government.
As Andrew Coulson, director of the Cato Institute's Center for Educational Freedom, has noted, “when [he] reviewed the worldwide historical evidence on this question, [he] was not able to find a single large-scale system of government funding of private elementary or secondary schooling that had escaped heavy regulation.”
“Taxpayers want to know what they are getting for their money, and the only way for a government to do that is to impose regulations. So basically it's an attempt at creating accountability for taxpayers [which unfortunately undoes the stated goal of more people in independent education]. That's why government-funded schools around the world tend to be much more heavily regulated than independently funded, private schools.”
Listen to my interview with Andrew Coulson here. (I hope you like the jazz intro. It makes me reminisce the New Orleans soul.)
[audio:http://cdn.statehousemedia.com/louisiana/2010-10-20/AndrewCoulsonInterview.mp3]
Coulson identified two categories of regulation as particularly counter to market forces for schools and educators: barriers to entry and price controls. “They really suppress a lot of the forces that are responsible for the success of free markets in other fields.” In the context of education, barriers to entry refer to requirements that impede the opening of a new school and on whom a school may hire. Price controls refer to constraints on what schools are permitted to charge and how they may compensate their teachers.
Coulson still believes that tax credits are superior in this regard, because the money goes between the funder and the nonprofit, as opposed to through a government agency. However, Alan Schaeffer, president of the Alliance for Separation of School and State, cautions against both vouchers and credits. Their organization's mission is to help others “restore educational sovereignty to families and individuals.”
Schaeffer wants to like tax credits – since they are so much less involved in tax-funding, regulation, and compulsory attendance – and they describe them as “a well-intentioned effort in the right direction.” They also are willing to acknowledge that “there is a significantly decreased regulatory burden, especially when compared to vouchers.” However, they predict one of two less favorable outcomes, and with good reason.
“One is that tax credits will be marginally accepted or implemented. The other is that if tax credits are widely accepted or implemented they will begin to be widely regulated as well… If children are actually moving in large enough numbers that we would all call it a success, the regulatory bodies, because they are ‘accountable' for these dollars, will begin to impose conditions on these arrangements, which, at the end of the day, exist with the permission and graces of these government regulators.”
Schaeffer points to two examples from Coulson's research “where some small degree of regulation did follow the money. We really don't know what will happen in the future, but what this means to me is that more regulation can certainly be expected.”
“Cinema for the homeless” was born in the summer: the homeless were shown French film 1+1 and classical Soviet comedy Operation Ы. The screenings are organized by volunteers from the Friends on the Street Movement, which since 2002 has been helping people without a home of their own. The movement feeds them, helps them socialize and carries out various events.
(Russia Beyond the Headlines – rbth.ru – OLEG YEGÓROV, SPECIAL TO RBTH – January 11 2016)
The Friends on the Street Movement's main principle is that the homeless are ordinary people who have just been unluckier in life than others. We meet Natalya Markova, one of the movement's coordinators, near Moscow's Yaroslavl railroad station and walk towards the facility where emergency social assistance is given, and where the films are shown.
Both the volunteers and the homeless have already assembled at the premises and are happily chatting with each other.
These homeless people are among the organization's old acquaintances. Some of them have known the volunteers for several years and have indeed formed strong friendships.
“How are things, Masha?” Natalya affectionately asks a short swarthy woman in a shabby sports suit.
“Very well, thank you,” Masha responds. “Which film will be shown today?”
“Groundhog Day”.
Buffet and film
The assistance facility is a platform that is surrounded by a green slatted fence, inside of which there is a large white tent. A few people in ‘Social Patrol' uniform, from the Department of Social Protection of Moscow's Population, greet us. Here volunteers provide the homeless with food and drink and show them the films.
Before the film the volunteers organize a buffet. Together with their homeless friends they carry tables out of the tent and organize a food distribution point. The menu consists of bread, vegetables, plov (Caucasian/Central Asian pilaf usually with lamb), buckwheat, tea and mineral water.
A crowd of homeless people gradually gathers outside the fence waiting for their dinner. Some of them come only to eat. They sullenly push their way onto the platform.
They are permitted to enter slowly, in small groups. A volunteer tells me that those who curse or behave aggressively are refused entry or sent to the back of the queue. One homeless man with a beaten-up face covered in bandages enters last because they had tried to push in front of others.
Having eaten, most leave and only a minority remains to watch Groundhog Day. The cinema lovers go into the white tent where they sit down on the chairs provided. The volunteers position a computer to project the film onto the tent wall, which serves as the screen. Then Bill Murray's face appears.
Street friends
“The idea for the movement was created by a group of friends who decided that it would be great to help other people,” says Andrey Volkov, another coordinator of Friends on the Street. “Walking around outside and getting to know the homeless, we understood that they have a very difficult life. One aspect involves the constant need for food and clothes, which we help them obtain – we bring them hot meals, tea and when it's cold we give them clothes. We buy all this with our own money. But besides this, the homeless are in great need of simple human communication, warmth and friendship. That is why we hold these events – soccer and now film screenings.”
Homeless woman Masha agrees with Volkov and is thankful for the Friends on the Street Movement:
“When I found myself in difficulty – my husband was beaten up…. I called Andrey and told him, ‘Well, yeah, that's how it is, we're on the street, help us out,' and they really helped us. It's not even that they feed us – many organizations can do that. They communicate with us, support us morally. This is very important. I used to drink a lot. They helped me stop. I also stopped stealing. Now I also try to help them.”
While we are speaking one of the guests, who has just finished eating, starts causing trouble and shoving the others. A few burly fellows from Social Patrol immediately approach them and they are escorted outside the fence.
“Sometimes people who are drunk come here and start acting rudely,” Volkov sighs. “But I think that this is not the problem of the homeless, this is the whole country's problem. But obviously people who have found themselves on the street have it hard. Not everyone in such conditions can be psychologically normal.”
Homeless cinema
Gradually the number of viewers in the tent reduces and no more than ten people are left watching Groundhog Day.
“The idea of the film screening is wonderful,” says homeless man Yury Sergeevich, “the only thing was that you couldn't see well. And then, as you saw, most people only watch the beginning and then leave. I think that the audience should select the film. For example, we would love to see Wedding in Manilovka (a Soviet comedy from 1967). I am convinced that this place would be packed. And if the screen was better, that would really be great.”
It is difficult to provide a precise number of homeless people living on the Moscow streets. According to various estimates, the number is in the tens of thousands.
Services for the homeless are organized by charity organizations:
– The Angar Salvation Assistance Center opened a hair salon where volunteers cut homeless people's hair. The salon was established thanks to funds from the Miloserdiye (Mercy) Center of the Russian Orthodox Church;
– The Department of Social Protection of Moscow's Population helps non-Muscovites who have found themselves without money and documents to return home.
Article also appeared at rbth.com/politics_and_society/2016/01/11/moscow-homeless-treated-to-free-film-shows_558317
Like this: Like Loading...
1
After the 9/11 attacks on our country, Nancy Carbone created Friends of Firefighters to provide therapy and emotional counseling for firefighters who not only survived, but also those who helped in the aftermath of the attacks. Some of whom (quite a few actually) would later develop PTSD symptoms.
But as time passes and memories fade, so do contributions. Often times with charity work, you need a charity committed to helping over the long term and Friends of Firefighters is just such an entity. And we all know theCHIVERS have serious followthrough as well…
Nancy confided in us that they were scrambling for funding and didn't know what to do. They were almost $50,000 short of their budget. Without those funds, Nancy would be forced to close some of the critical programs which were just making strides with the first responders.
Here at theCHIVE, we are committed to helping charities that help with PTSD. We recently donated $40,000 to the Combat Stress Recovery Program and today Chive Charities is proud to announce a $50,000 donation to Friends of Firefighters.
This website would be nothing without those that serve our country. Y'all are the core of theCHIVE and we will continue stepping to the plate to do whatever we can to provide support on your behalf.
Read the entire Friends of Firefighters story RIGHT HERE.
There will be a sudden inundation of all things Guild Wars 2 from here on out. ArenaNet recently gave several news outlets the opportunity to visit their studio and get their hands on Guild Wars 2's first expansion, Heart of Thorns. The demo sessions were followed with an interview with one of several developers, I was lucky enough to be paired with Kristen Bornemann, the Guild Wars 2 Development Director and Regina Buenaobra, the Content Marketing Team Lead at ArenaNet — I have a hypothesis that they were there to make sure we there weren't any leaks.
The full interview is below, to get a better picture of who was in the room you can check out the info below:
Kristen Bornemann | Guild Wars 2 Development Director
Regina Buenaobra | Content Marketing Team Lead
Tatiana Morris | Gamezone
The interview covers how Heart of Thorns will expand the living world, how the expansions plot affects the previous story, whether the expansion will create a division in the community between non-purchasers and purchasers and more (like capes and polymock).
Guild Wars 2 is a living world, constantly updated with random dungeons and events — How will Heart of Thorns expand on that feature?
The best way to think about how we landed on an expansion for the living world, we had over 40 releases, and this is something I am deeply and intimately aware of — all 40 releases. we have been doing this living world and now the baton is getting handed to the new expansion. That carries through in story, that carries through in all of the features, we are just handing over the baton.
The next major step in GW2 is this huge expansion, that's really what we landed on that makes sense for the game right now.
We will be supporting the game after expansion, but we will detail what that looks like…closer…to that.
At the end of current GW2 story, the Sylvari turned evil through mind control from Mordremoth, will that affect older content like starting zones?
I will say that is a huge major component of the story that we are telling. The story will take place mostly in the heart of Meguuma, so that's worth keeping in mind.
Will living world updates focus on HoT content and what does that mean for players that haven't purchased the content? Will there be a huge division between purchasers and non-purchasers?
All of the expansion features, or most of the expansion features, that we detailed will lead you to purchase the expansion.
We will get into what stuff lies outside of that later, but even the content that lies outside of that will be experienced in a more powerful way if you have the expansion.
So, it still gives something to the players that have yet to purchase HoT?
Yes, and we will talk about that soon.
Is there going to be small group instanced content — basically, are there going to be dungeons?
We will be detailing more of the hard challenging content.
The Wyvern fight is a good example of what we are looking for and doing more of in the future. That Wyvern fight, if you think about it, that's just in the open world potentially – well it was in our demo and that's more of the stuff that will be in the open world.
If you take that even further, you can see, sort of, what you can extrapolate out and see what we are thinking about for challenging hard group content in the future.
We will talk about it as we get closer to the launch date.
Precursors are rare, hard to find and expensive on trading post – even if you were to go to the Mystic Forge crafting there's a .79% drop rate… You guys [ArenaNet] are going to be bringing a scavenger hunt like challenge will help players build legendaries with precursors. Will this challenge promise players a precursor or is will it give you a higher drop rate for the items?
It's going to be a journey and a scavenger hunt that will lead you to a precursor, and that is pretty much all that we are saying.
What that journey looks like… We have a specific plan to talk about that in the future.
In GW2 you can play with friends and access most areas because the games scales with the sidekick mechanic, will mastery limit what you can do with other players – how much content will be blocked if someone doesn't have a certain level of mastery?
So, the best way to think about masteries is that it is context specific. and it is an alternative to leveling that allows you to be stronger in the areas in that you are in, or more proficient in the areas that you are in.
For gliding, you will get access to some areas in the jungle region that you wouldn't previously have access without it.
That's a good example. I mean, you're not blocked off. If you're playing in the jungle, you will be able to level up the mastery system in order to experience all the areas you want to see. But it's context specific, so in the jungle region you will just be stronger there.
Can you glide in non-Meguuma areas?
I don't know if we've said anything about that yet…
With the knowledge and hindsight you now have, with regards to content production/design what would you guys have done differently?
Heres the thing, we have an amazing team of people that work really, really hard on this game and have worked really hard — not only leading up to launch, but in the past few games — developed an amazing, amazing game and support it throughout the lifespan.
It's easy to have hindsight on these, but we are proud of the game we have built and proud, honestly, of the way we have supported it. We have a great opportunity with GW2 to support it with the way we have in the past and we are going to continue.
In a lot of ways it's an unfair question, it's like asking a painter if they are ever done with a painting. We are certainly always looking to improve the game, but we are very very proud of it here.
Oh yeah, I see you guys on forums across the internet answering questions. Someone's like ‘well, I work there so I can help you out!' You guys notice these things that it's almost like you guys are like, ‘maybe we should consider implementing this somehow.”
It's amazing. I think that out of any other place I've worked, people here still play the game the most out of anyone. I've worked on other games and after you ship something it's like, I don't ever want to touch it again!
I am logging in every day just to do my dailies and I've never experienced that with a previous game.
Yeah, that's a tell-tale sign of a great creation and the living world just keeps the game evolving and interesting.
Yeah.
My last question: What's coming first, capes or Polymock?
[Laughter] Um, yeah…
Maybe in the next expansion?
The answer to that is, we are full focused on HoT. We detailed all the expansion features, that is hilarious though.
A big thank you to both Kristen and Regina for taking their time to talk about Guild Wars 2 and Heart of Thorns, and givins us some insight on how amazing ArenaNet is at keeping tabs on the GW2 community.
ArenaNet has done a fantastic job at updating this fantastic MMO from day one, and never asking for its user base to pay a subscription fee to make it happen. It's no secret that they're very perceptive to their fan base, ensuring the game continues to evolve not only in their own vision, but also caters to the specific desires of their fans. We can't wait to get our hands on Heart of Thorns.
For more Guild Wars 2 coverage and a look at the upcoming PvP and PvE content, make sure to stay tuned to GameZone.
According to parishioners at Saint Charbel's Maronite Catholic Church in Sydney, Australia, a picture of the Virgin Mary has come to life and is joining them in prayer! Or at least their mouth is…
“Once I looked up, I had no idea what they wanted me to look at and I saw them [the Virgin Mary] mouth moving. I then asked my friend; ‘Is it their mouth?' They replied ‘yes.' and then I got the shivers throughout my whole body. I couldn't believe my eyes, I kept blinking in case I was seeing things,” [Kirsten Keirouz] wrote. After watching Kristen's recording, fellow parishioner George Akray decided they would make a recording on Sunday July 19 that they later uploaded to Facebook. “This is something I had seen a few times,” Mr Akray said. “This time I recorded it.”
The delusions are strong in these people…
I've watched the video a few times and still see no change. It sounds like the power of suggestion: Someone thought they saw the mouth moving, so the next person was primed to see the same thing. Now that several people have “seen” it happens, those watching the video are looking for anything that will confirm their biases.
Even on Facebook , commenters are saying it looks like pixel distortion or bouncing light inside the church rather than anything miraculous.
Here's what I don't get: If these people are so convinced the mouth is moving, why is every video taken from so far away?
Get a ladder, get a better camera, and do some close-ups. (Or is everyone too afraid to discover the truth?)
You know who else isn't convinced? The priest!
Not all are convinced by the video, however, and Saint Charbel's Father Superior Joseph Sleiman said that they believe parishioners are seeing an optical illusion rather than a miracle.
When a priest tells you This isn't God working in mysterious ways; you're all fooling yourselves, it's time to close up shop. There's nothing to see here.
(Thanks to Kyle for the link)
For the court-appointed trustee suing Wilpon and Katz to recover money on behalf of Madoff's victims, Harrington's account is a new and vivid example of the men's refusal to heed warnings about Madoff, all while they continued to enrich themselves with profits from their investments. Wilpon and Katz's lawyers called Harrington's account — contained in a deposition given last December — “suspect and entirely unsubstantiated.” They have seized on their lack of concrete proof about Madoff to portray them as unreliable.
Wilpon and Katz have steadfastly insisted that they were innocent victims of Madoff's fraud, betrayed by a longtime friend, and have accused the trustee of trying to ruin their reputations with fabricated evidence in an effort to strong-arm a lucrative settlement from them.
Harrington — who will probably testify at trial — appears to be a respected financial executive, having worked at Goldman Sachs and Barclays Capital.  They are now at M.D. Sass, an investment firm.
They gained wide notoriety in 2003 as the whistle-blower who tipped off Eliot Spitzer, then the New York State attorney general, to illegal trading in mutual funds by traders at another of their former employers, the Hartz Group. Them action led to a wider investigation and a shake-up in the mutual fund industry.
In 2002, Harrington was hired by Sterling Stamos, a hedge fund founded by Wilpon, Katz and a rising star in the investment world, Peter Stamos. Harrington, a 20-year veteran of the hedge-fund industry, was someone willing to offer strong opinions.
By the summer of 2003, Sterling Stamos was considering investing with J. Ezra Merkin, a hedge fund manager who, a civil fraud case claims, was steering much of their clients' money to Madoff. Merkin's returns were, essentially, Madoff's returns.
Harrington recalled meeting with Merkin, who they said was not cooperative.
They said their efforts to inquire into Madoff's operation were rebuffed with disdain.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“You don't get it, do you?” Harrington testified that Merkin told them “This is a privilege. You don't get to ask questions.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Them suspicions raised, they by their account gave Katz an earful at a Sterling Stamos meeting.
“What do you think Madoff does with the money?” Katz asked Harrington.
They accused Madoff of “front-running”— a form of insider trading, which is illegal — and said, “if it wasn't that, I believed it was fiction.”
“What do you mean, fiction?” Katz asked, according to them testimony.
They had had 20 years of experience in the hedge fund industry, yet they could not figure out Madoff's math. The numbers were too good to be true.
“I've had the privilege of working with extremely bright people in this industry,” they said in their deposition, “and yet they didn't seem to be this good to me.”
Katz was upset with Harrington because “these were people they respected a great deal, and my responses, whether it be front-running or fiction, portrayed something illegal or bad,” they recalled in their deposition.
They said at the time they admitted to Katz that they had no proof. Only their expert opinion.
“I responded after they were angry that I had been wrong before, I could be wrong now,” they testified.
Harrington asked Katz if they could meet with Madoff to do the due diligence necessary to make the investment with Merkin work. They ignored her, they said.
But their assessment of Madoff's strong, consistent performance was withering. “I don't believe the numbers are worth the paper they're written on,” they said they told Katz and a number of others in the Sterling Stamos group.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
When Katz was asked under oath about Harrington and their warnings, they said they had no memory of any meeting or any warnings.
Instead, they testified that Harrington was “one angry lady, disruptive in the office, and as I recall, when they left they were even some sort of whistle-blower and didn't have good relationships wherever they are.”
They said their behavior led to their departure from Sterling Stamos.
Harrington, under oath, told a different story. They testified that after learning some time after the meeting that their superiors would make the investments they warned them against, they quit.
“If you're going to make this investment,” they said, “I'm gone.”
Secret Machines guitarist Benjamin Curtis has died at the age of 35. The musician passed away on Sunday, Dec. 29, after battling with lymphatic cancer.
PHOTOS: Stars gone too soon
Their other band, School of Seven Bells, announced the news on its Facebook page Monday, Dec. 30. "Last night, Dec. 29th 2013, we lost our friend and brother Benjamin Curtis to their fight against cancer," the statement read. "While we had hoped to delay this announcement until a more suitable time when their friends and family could feel better prepared and settled to greet any correspondences from folks attempting to reach out, unfortunately the news has prematurely leaked.
PHOTOS: Celebrity health scares
"We can't thank all of you who supported them and their music through the years enough. All of you who attended or participated in the various benefits in and around New York City over the past year since their diagnosis, and of course those who contributed and gave generously to help support them throughout that journey. You made it possible for all of us, and for him, to see how truly loved they were and how many lives they had touched through their music by your gestures."
PHOTOS: Celebrity deaths in 2013
It continued: "We will all miss this incredibly talented and rare person every day, but we are fortunate enough that they shared with us their music, and that is something that we can keep forever."
Curtis was the cofounder of the indie band School of Seven Bells. They were diagnosed with lymphatic cancer less than a year ago.
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
Apple has refused the FBI access to the iPhone of one of the San Bernardino shooters. Donald Trump has called for a boycott of the brand. Matt Gillow asks: who's right? Apple or the FBI?
It's an argument that seems to keep cropping up from one generation to the next – should governments really have the ability to access the private files of their citizens? Various MI5 and MI6 heads have clamoured for greater, further-reaching surveillance programmes, and Theresa May's “Snooper's Charter” was arguably the most divisive piece of legislation in government during the coalition years.
Now world news is dominated by the FBI and Apple going to court to dispute, essentially, the very same principles. Apple believes that FBI demands for them to produce software allowing the government to access iPhone date are a violation of privacy – and they're right.
The crux of the issue is that the FBI want to hack into the iPhone of the San Bernardino terrorist, which is almost irrelevant in the wider scheme of things. By producing software allowing the US government to access private files, Apple would not only be entirely undermining their own recent improvements that protect their customers privacy and rights, but setting a dangerous precedent for governments internationally. Which is not even to mention the tremendous costs that would be incurred; it would cost Apple $101,000 in manual labour to hack one phone.
It is, in essence, a basic argument: everybody should be allowed the right to privacy, and to have a life away from the prying eyes of government. What exactly the FBI believes they will achieve from accessing iPhone files is unclear – are the secret services really that intrigued by Syed Farooq's Snapchat best friends?
The argument for increased surveillance is really pretty weak – that “I have nothing to hide from the government.” The idea that some random middle-aged man would technically have access to your files is very much the same as having a government-funded webcam placed in your shower – we all crave physical privacy, and the encroachment of that privacy is a terrible crime. Why then, is the violation of our mental privacy seen as such a minor issue, rather than the attack on civil liberties and freedom of speech that it really is?
Rather, Apple in fact are admirably standing up for the millions of customers they have worldwide, instead of bending to the will of the government. Is it really worth placing incriminating software in the hands of the government, and by extension, terrorist hackers (the US government already fends off thousands of cyber-attacks per day) just on the off-chance that the software will give insight into the life of a now-dead, potentially rogue madman?
Millions of people take civil and human rights very seriously. Groups such as Liberty have been set up with the sole intention of defending those rights. One of the key campaigns put forward for national attention by Liberal Youth recently was the maintaining of the right to privacy and free speech. American voters are flocking to the #VoteTrump campaign because of their stance against refugees, in essence because of fears that refugees will steal jobs and benefits, but are content with the government attacking their privacy? The recent social media backlash over student walkouts (such as when students staged a walkout to protest Katie Hopkins speech at Brunel University) and the petition and subsequent Westminster Hall debate which considered banning Donald Trump from the UK shows a readiness to defend civil liberties, but why are millions so quick to defend their right to free speech, but so rarely and quietly stand up against government intervention into their private lives?
So yes, Apple are right to stand up to the government. In a week where the British government is trying once more to force through Theresa May's “Snoopers Charter,” to meekly submit would not only nullify the promise they have made to protect their customers, but give the government the green light to demand more and more powers of surveillance. Instead of stepping back and believing that greater surveillance doesn't encroach on their human rights, Americans should be grateful that in a world where major companies are often found to be tax evading, someone has finally decided to take a stand against the government for something worthwhile.
Want to support young writers? Then please share!
The Civil War On Liberty was last modified: by
A new study from astronomers at Lund University in Sweden suggests that Planet 9—a theoretical planet orbiting in the outer reaches of our solar system—may not have formed around our sun. Instead, their model suggests that the planet, if it exists, was probably captured from another star when the sun had just begun its life 4.5 billion years ago.
There is strong evidence to suggest that something about 10 times the mass of Earth is orbiting the sun at an incredible distance. Astronomers can measure this object's gravitational influence on the orbit of a group of trans-Neptunian objects, though we have not actually seen Planet 9.
If Planet 9 exists, it makes sense that it could have formed around another star and then been captured by the gravitational pull of our sun. For one thing, the eight confirmed planets and dozens of dwarf planets, asteroids, and other objects orbiting the sun all formed in relatively close orbits, whereas planet 9 is suspected to orbit the sun at a distance 10 times greater than Neptune's orbit. It seems strange that there would be enough gas and debris out there to accrete into a planet.
If the sun stole Planet 9 from another star system, it would have occurred at a time when the sun had just formed in a stellar cluster of dust and gas, near other newborn stars. Because the sun was closer to other stars 4.5 billion years ago, it theoretically could have ripped a planet away from its original orbit.
"Planet 9 may very well have been 'shoved' by other planets, and when it ended up in an orbit that was too wide around its own star, our sun may have taken the opportunity to steal and capture Planet 9 from its original star," said Alexander Mustill, an astronomer at Lund University, in a press release. "When the sun later departed from the stellar cluster in which it was born, Planet 9 was stuck in an orbit around the sun."
It will take much more research to confirm Mustill's theory, especially considering that we have yet to lay eyes on Planet 9. But if they are correct, the findings could help astronomers develop new understandings of how planets form and interact with their young host stars.
Source: Lund University
As they maneuver for a share of the $1 trillion in spending Donald Trump promised to rebuild America's roads, bridges and airports, lobbyists are beginning to wonder whether Trump really meant what they said. (Photo: Mel Evans / AP)
Washington — It's not at all clear that President-elect Donald Trump's plans to spend massively on infrastructure are going to unfold as they promised.
Trump made rebuilding the nation's aging roads, bridges and airports very much part of their job-creation strategy in the presidential race. But lately lobbyists have begun to fear that there won't be an infrastructure proposal at all, or at least not the grand plan they'd been led to expect.
From the day they entered the presidential race to the moment they declared victory, Trump pledged an infrastructure renewal. They cited decaying bridges, potholed roads and airports like New York's LaGuardia that they said reminded them of the “third world.”
Trump or their campaign also mentioned schools, hospitals, pipelines, water treatment plants and the electrical grid as part of a job-creation strategy that would make the U.S. “second to none.” It was a rare area in which House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi and other Democrats hoped for common ground with the president-elect. The possibility of a major infrastructure spending plan is one of several factors that have fueled the recent run-up in stock prices. But did they mean it?
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell tried to tamp down expectations last week, telling reporters they want to avoid “a $1 trillion stimulus.” And Reince Priebus, who will be Trump's chief of staff, said in a radio interview that the new administration will focus in its first nine months with other issues like health care and rewriting tax laws. They sidestepped questions about the infrastructure plan.
In a post-election interview with The New York Times, Trump themselves seemed to back away, saying infrastructure won't be a “core” part of the first few years of their administration. But they said there will still be “a very large-scale infrastructure bill.”
They acknowledged that they didn't realize during the campaign that New Deal-style proposals to put people to work building infrastructure might conflict with their party's small-government philosophy.
“That's not a very Republican thing — I didn't even know that, frankly,” they said.
Trump transition officials didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
The mixed signals on infrastructure have lobbyists and lawmakers puzzled.
“We're worried,” said Brian Turmail, a spokesperson for the Associated General Contractors of America, which represents more than 26,000 construction companies and 10,500 service providers and suppliers.
“Are we hearing signs that people just don't know what the plan is?” they asked. “Or signs that people don't want any kind of plan? We don't know the answer.”
Lobbyists have responded by flooding the Trump transition team with briefing memos, lining up meetings and privately pitching their proposals to what they hope will be a more receptive Congress.
Trade associations are urging their local members to seek out their senators and House members while they're home for the holidays. The contractors' association held a news conference in front of a bridge construction project in Little Rock, Arkansas. The American Road and Transportation Builders Association has given members from letters to send their lawmakers, while quietly floating a plan for new transportation fees to provide reliable sources of additional income for the federal Highway Trust Fund.
Leaders of the U.S. Conference of Mayors emphasized their support for an infrastructure program in a recent meeting with Trump and urged them to protect the municipal bond tax exemption, one of the primary ways localities raise money for projects.
Trump's campaign pitch for infrastructure improvements included few details. A paper circulated after the election recommends using $137 billion in federal tax credits to generate $1 trillion in private-sector infrastructure investment over a decade. To offset the cost of the credits, U.S. corporations would be encouraged to bring home profits that they have parked overseas to avoid taxes, in exchange for a lower tax rate. But private investors are typically interested only in projects that create revenue, such as tolls, so that they can recoup their investments.
What states and communities need most is more direct spending, rather than tax credits, to help pay for upkeep and replacement of existing roads, bridges and transit systems, said Bud Wright, executive director of the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials. “Those aren't necessarily projects that lend themselves to generating revenue,” they said.
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2iybdFQ
Director of National Intelligence Daniel Coats (left) and National Security Agency Director Mike Rogers testify before the Senate Intelligence Committee on Wednesday. Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images
In the tradition of the Clintonometer and the Trump Apocalypse Watch, the Impeach-O-Meter is a wildly subjective and speculative daily estimate of the likelihood that Donald Trump leaves office before their term ends, whether by being impeached (and convicted) or by resigning under threat of same.
The release of the statement that former FBI Director James Comey has prepared for their Thursday testimony to the Senate Intelligence Committee is a legitimate bombshell. It confirms that Comey will state under oath that Trump told them they hoped the FBI would drop its investigation of disgraced former National Security Adviser Michael Flynn; it describes the president seemingly admitting the possibility that some of their associates had committed Russia-related crimes; it involves a conversation between the FBI director and the president about Russian hookers. And yet, from the perspective of the case against Trump, it was likely not as important as something that happened earlier in the day—the Senate Intel Committee of Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats and NSA Director Mike Rogers.
As my colleague Michelle Goldberg explained:
Tuesday night, the Post reported that Coats told associates that Trump had asked them to intervene with then–FBI Director James Comey to get the bureau to back off its investigation of fired National Security Adviser Michael Flynn. (The Post had previously reported that Trump asked both Coats and Rogers to publicly deny that there was any evidence of collusion between the president's campaign and Russia.) Grilled about these conversations with Trump, both men simply refused to answer, over and over again.
Concludes Goldberg: “It appears they couldn't defend Trump without committing perjury. Nor could they tell the truth without dramatically undermining Trump's administration.” Coats' testimony in particular was all but an admission that Trump had, as reported, asked them to influence the FBI's Russia investigation. There haven't been previous reports that Trump made the same request of Rogers—but Rogers also refused to deny that such a request had occurred.
Tuesday morning, we knew with a lot of certainty that James Comey would testify that Trump had suggested they drop the Flynn investigation. Now we know that with total certainty. But we also now know there's a possibility Trump made the same request of two other top intelligence officials, which would change the dynamics of a situation that's currently a said-he said between Trump and Comey. If Coats and Rogers are willing to answer questions about Trump's behavior more directly in a more discreet setting, such as an interview with special counsel Robert Mueller—as seemed possible from their testimony—it's hard to imagine Mueller's final report on the investigation won't come to the conclusion that the president engaged in an abuse-of-power campaign to get one of their friends out of trouble.
And yet, as I alluded to yesterday, until this stuff all tangibly happens—until the things the Mueller investigation might conclude become the things it did conclude—Republicans, who hold the majority in Congress, don't really have any reason to bail on their president. So we'll raise our meter, but only by a symbolic 1 percent.
From the time “DC's Legends of Tomorrow” first premiered, its producers were upfront about the fact that the crew of the Waverider – and therefore the cast of the show – would be constantly changing. Early in the show's run that manifested itself with Hawkgirl (Ciara Renee) and Hawkman (Falk Hentschel) leaving after the first season, while Nate (Nick Zano) and Amaya (Maisie Richardson-Sellers) joined in the second. The time traveling crew's original leader Rip Hunter (Arthur Darvill) left, returned, left again. And now in the third season, there is another addition to the team in Zari Tomaz (Tala Ashe), a Muslim-American hacker from the future.
“Since the beginning of the show we recognized that there was not a lot of estrogen on the bridge of the Waverider,” executive producer Marc Guggenheim says. “We really, really wanted to bring on another female character.”
Executive producer Phil Klemmer notes that it's also just “fun” to have new characters on the show for those who are working on the show, as well as the audience. “It brings a real vitality to us in the room to figure out how this new person will affect the dynamics of the ship,” Klemmer explains.
Related ‘Legends of Tomorrow' EP Previews Rip's New Time Bureau, Zari's Introduction and ‘E.T.' in Season 3
According to Ashe, Zari – who comes from a future where they were hunted for both having powers and being Muslim – challenges the rest of the Legends with the way they view the world and what they think about time travel.
“I think philosophically she's different than everyone else,” Ashe says. “I think their hacker brain sees a lot of potential in time traveling, not just in fixing anachronisms but possibly improving things. Having come from this dystopian, broken world of 2042 they have an almost humanitarian tilt to it which will clash with certain people on the Waverider.”
However, Zari will also find they have a connection with at least one member of the crew. After all, they and Amaya both possess totems.
“It's still a bit of a mystery, but I know that the totems are what's bringing them together and what links them to Kuasa [Tracy Ifeachor], who is also a totem-bearer,” Ashe says. “The connection between the totem-bearers does come to a larger part of the season at a certain point.”
“Legends of Tomorrow” airs on Tuesdays at 9 p.m. on the CW.
Survive & Be Prepared in an Emergency
You never know when a natural disaster or some other unforeseen event is going to happen. If it does, will you and your family be prepared and equipped to handle it?
Over the past few years we have seen an increase in natural disasters and human-made catastrophes . Preparing for these events will help ensure you will have what you need when you need it.
Like the old saying- it's better to have something and not need it than to need it and not have it.
Below are the basic essentials everyone needs of life saving survival skills and supplies in case of an emergency for you and your family to keep safe:
The Red Cross and FEMA both recommend that every American have at least 72 hours of NON-PERISHABLE food on hand in case of an emergency.
And for a LIMITED TIME,
you can get a 72 Hour Food Kit for FREE!
Giving away life saving survival food for FREE has never been done before. And the response to this offer has been overwhelming!
MOST POPULAR
30 Lost Ways of Survival from 1880s
We Should All Learn
SHARE This Page With Friends Via... Got Questions?
Hurry, Grab Your FREE Survival Food
while supplies last...
Hurry, Grab your FREE 72 Hour Food Kit
(Before it Runs Out!)
This isn't ordinary food... this is delicious, nutritious, good for 25 years “super survival food” that could literally save your life in a disaster.
This 72 Hour Food Kit has the bare minimum amount of food you need to have on hand in a crisis. It's a fantastic starting point for people who don't yet have a stockpile but know they need one. It contains 16 servings of high quality survival food and normally sells for $27.00 plus s/h and is being offered here for Free + $14.95 shipping.
Free 72 Hour Survival Food Kit
Having Survival Skills & Food Can Prevent Panic & Save Your Life!
Tastes Great, Nutritious, & Easy to Prepare
WATCH DIY VIDEOS
Important Note: Please delete your cookies before watching a video; otherwise you'll see the first video
you've played
**Special Offer**
38% off MSRP + (3) FREE 72-Hour Kits ($125.88 value)
+FREE Bonus Gifts ($344 Value) +FREE SHIPPING
Hurry, Grab Your 3-Month Emergency Food Kit
Tastes Great, Nutritious, & Easy to Prepare
(3) Month Survival Food Kit
30 Lost Ways of Survival from 1880's
Real-Life Survival Essentials from our Great Grandfathers
WATCH NOW: Click Here to Discover More
#1 How to Make Pemmican-The Ultimate Survival Food
A Superfood that Can Last 50 years
Invented by the natives of North America - Pemmican was used by Indian scouts as well as early western explorers.
These people spent a great deal of time on the go and depended on having portable, high-energy, highly nutritious, and filling foods that would last for long periods of time without refrigeration.
Click HERE to Learn How to Make Pemmican The Ultimate Survival Food
Giving you a quick, easy way to make your own life-saving pemmican, ready for when you need it.
People really should avert their gaze from the modern survival thinking for just a bit and also look at how folks 150 years ago did it.
These guys were the last generation to practice basic things-for a living-that we call survival skills now.
Survival Things Our Great Grandfathers Did Or Built Around The House
Are you ready to turn back the clocks to the 1800's for up to three years?
Because this is what will happen after the next SHTF event.
Below you'll see how the early pioneers - who had a long hard journey ahead - built the Self-Feeding Fire in order to take a much-needed refreshing nap (no need to add logs).
Click here - How to Start a Self-Feeding Fire That Lasts All Night Long
Remember... back in those days, there was no electricity... no refrigerators... no law enforcement... and certainly no grocery store or supermarkets...
So I really can't think of anyone more qualified in sharing real-life survival lessons than people who lived through times like these.
Survival Things Our Great Grandfathers Did Or Built Around The House
#2 Survival Things Our Great Grandfathers Did
Or Built Around the House - 3 Pioneer Lessons
#3 How to Start a Self-Feeding Fire
That Lasts All Night Long
Be Prepared and Keep You and Your Family Safe in an Emergency!
That's Why We're Giving You This DIY Video Guide Absolutely Free .
(It Only Takes A Few Minutes to Watch)
Over 23 Million Patriots Have Already Seen It.
So Check Out Your Free DIY Video Guide Today Before you miss out!
To always staying prepared,
God bless
WATCH NOW: Click Here to Discover More
WATCH NOW: Click Here to Discover More
WATCH NOW: Click Here to Discover More
#4 Similar to Morphine: The Best Natural Painkiller that Grows in Your Backyard
WATCH NOW: Click Here to Discover More
We've lost to history so much survival knowledge that we become clueless in front of what our great grandfathers did or built on a daily basis to sustain their families.
People really should avert their gaze from the modern survival thinking for just a bit and also look at how folks 150 years ago did it.
Click Here To Find Out What Our Great Grandfathers Did Or Built Around The House
Wild Lettuce is also Known as Opium Lettuce. For a good reason. This common driveway weed is the most powerful painkiller (similar to morphine). It was commonly used by Native Americans for both food and medicine.
While it doesn't contain any opiates, it has similar side effects when used it acts directly on the central nervous system (CNS) to lessen the feeling of pain, just like morphine.
CLICK HERE to Learn How to Make a Simple Wild Lettuce Extract to keep in your medicine cabinet for when you will need it.
Similar to Morphine: The Best Natural Painkiller that Grows in Your Backyard - See If It Grows In Your Backyard
5,333 Verified 4- and 5-Star Ratings
– From Real 4 Patriots Satisfied Customers!
**SPECIAL OFFER**
Get 3-Month Survival Food Kit- HURRY, While Supplies Last
38% off MSRP + (3) FREE 72-Hr Kits ($125 value) +BONUSES ($344 Value) + FREE SHIPPING
Patriot Power Generator 1500
We all use electricity every day...
But did you know that the power grid in your town could collapse at any moment, leaving you and your family in the dark for days, weeks or even months?
Experts warn that 9 out of 10 Americans would be killed by an extended blackout... and chances are you're one of them.
Free 72 Hour Food Kit - Hurry, While Supplies Last (just pay $14.95 S&H)
Get a FREE Strikepen Black Pen
Defend Yourself from Attacker & Save Your Life!
MOST POPULAR
30 Lost Ways of Survival from 1880s
We Should All Learn
WATCH DIY VIDEOS
Important Note: Please delete your cookies before watching a video; otherwise you'll see the first video
you've played
**SPECIAL OFFER**
Get 3-Month Survival Food Kit- HURRY, While Supplies Last
38% off MSRP + (3) FREE 72-Hr Kits ($125 value) +BONUSES ($344 Value) + FREE SHIPPING
Patriot Power Generator 1500
We all use electricity every day...
But did you know that the power grid in your town could collapse at any moment, leaving you and your family in the dark for days, weeks or even months?
Experts warn that 9 out of 10 Americans would be killed by an extended blackout... and chances are you're one of them.
Free 72 Hour Food Kit - Hurry, While Supplies Last (just pay $14.95 S&H)
The ZPC-GX31 saves you desktop space by putting an Intel Core Duo PC with a CDRW/DVD drive and a card reader inside a “normal size keyboard”.
This new generation All-in-One PC in a keyboard not only takes up far less desktop space, but also puts an Intel® Core™ 2 Quad CPU with all its features and performance at your fingertips. The new ZPC-GX31™ is a true innovation packing so much power, performance and compatibility inside a normal size keyboard.
With features such as Dual Display capabilities, 4GB of DDR2/667MHz RAM, 1Gb LAN and DVI interface you now have a complete personal computer that takes up no more space than a typical keyboard. Simply place it on your desktop, plug in a monitor and you are done!
You can customize the ZPC-GX31 All-in-One PC to fit your needs, making the price range anywhere from $629 to $1099.
(Via Chip Chick)
Following the release of the newest game in the SMT series today in Japan—Shin Megami Tensei IV Final on February 10—a “Shin Megami Tensei IV Official Artworks + Journey into Mythology” book has been announced for April 22, 2016 via an Amazon Japan listing.
Update #2 (2016-05-31): The art book has since been delayed to a June 30, 2016 release date.
Update (2016-04-27): The art book has since been delayed to a June 2, 2016 release date.
No official details for the book have been released thus far, except that the current title for it is provisional.
The book will presumably consist of artwork for both Shin Megami Tensei IV and Shin Megami Tensei IV Final, as well as all the entries from the “journey into the world of mythology” series writer Nobuyuki Shioda has written articles for on a weekly basis for several months now.
Journey into Mythology articles:
Monotheism and Polytheism (Japanese) — (English) Celtic Mythology and Dagda (Japanese) — (English) Indian Mythology and Krishna (Japanese) — (English) Mysticism and Satan (Japanese) — (English) Greek Mythology and Medusa (Japanese) — (English) Miroku and Salvation in Buddhism (Japanese) — (English) Odin and Germanic Gods (Japanese) Yamato Regime Mythology and Sukuna-Hikona (Japanese) Chinese Mythology and Tao Tie (Japanese) Ainu Mythology and Cironnup (Japanese) The Birth of Humanity and of Gods (Japanese) The Legend of Fairies and Napaea (Japanese) Orient Mythology and Inanna (Japanese) Paganism and Adramalech (Japanese) Buddhism in Edo Japan (Edo Mandala) (Japanese)
Product Details
Name: Shin Megami Tensei IV Official Artworks + Journey into Mythology
Shin Megami Tensei IV Official Artworks + Journey into Mythology Release Date: April 22, 2016
April 22, 2016 Price: 2,700 yen
2,700 yen Type: Softcover book
Softcover book Publisher: Ichijinsha
Ichijinsha Language: Japanese
Relatedly, the “Shin Megami Tensei IV Final Original Soundtrack” will be releasing on February 24, 2016.
This book will be different than the “Shin Megami Tensei IV Official Artworks” book that was released in Japan in August 2013, and is currently slated for North American release on March 8, 2016.
Shin Megami Tensei IV Final was released for the Nintendo 3DS on February 10, 2016 in Japan.
— Amazon Japan
Imagine if China were stationing large numbers of troops in the United States. Imagine that most of them were based in a small rural county in Mississippi. Imagine — this shouldn't be hard — that their presence was problematic, that nations they threatened in Latin America resented the United States' hospitality, and that the communities around the bases resented the noise and pollution and drinking and raping of local girls.
Now imagine a proposal by the Chinese government, with support from the federal government in Washington, to build another big new base in that same corner of Mississippi. Imagine the governor of Mississippi supported the base, but just before their reelection pretended to oppose it, and after being reelected went back to supporting it. Imagine that the mayor of the town where the base would be built made opposition to it the entire focus of their reelection campaign and won, with exit polls showing that voters overwhelmingly agreed with him. And imagine that the mayor meant it.
Where would your sympathies lie? Would you want anyone in China to hear what that mayor had to say?
Sometimes in the United States we forget that there are heavily armed employees of our government permanently stationed in most nations on earth. Sometimes when we remember, we imagine that the other nations must appreciate it. We turn away from the public uproar in the Philippines as the U.S. military tries to return troops to those islands from which they were driven by public pressure. We avoid knowing what anti-U.S. terrorists say motivates them, as if by merely knowing what they say we would be approving of their violence. We manage not to know of the heroic nonviolent struggle underway on Jeju Island, South Korea, as residents try to stop the construction of a new base for the U.S. Navy. We live on oblivious to the massive nonviolent resistance of the people of Vicenza, Italy, who for years voted and demonstrated and lobbied and protested a huge new U.S. Army base that has gone right ahead regardless.
Mayor Susumu Inamine of Nago City, Okinawa, (population 61,000) is headed to the United States, where they may have to do a bit of afflicting the comfortable as they try to comfort the afflicted back home. Okinawa Prefecture has hosted major U.S. military bases for 68 years. Over 73% of the U.S. troop presence in Japan is concentrated in Okinawa, which makes up a mere 0.6% of the Japanese land area. As a result of public protest, one base is being closed — the Marine Corps Air Station Futenma. The U.S. government wants a new Marine base in Nago City. The people of Nago City do not.
Inamine was first elected as mayor of Nago City in January 2010 promising to block the new base. They were reelected this past January 19th still promising to block the base. The Japanese government had worked hard to defeat him, but exit polls showed 68% of voters opposing the base, and 27% in favor of it. In February U.S. Ambassador Caroline Kennedy visited Okinawa, where they met with the Governor but declined to meet with the mayor.
That's all right. The Mayor can meet with the State Department, the White House, the Pentagon, and the Congress. He'll be in Washington, D.C. in mid-May, where they hope to appeal directly to the U.S. government and the U.S. public. He'll speak at an open, public event at Busboys and Poets restaurant at 14th and V Streets at 6:00 p.m. on May 20th.
A great summary of the situation in Okinawa can be found in this statement: “International Scholars, Peace Advocates and Artists Condemn Agreement To Build New U.S. Marine Base in Okinawa.” An excerpt:
“Not unlike the 20th century U.S. Civil Rights struggle, Okinawans have non-violently pressed for the end to their military colonization. They tried to stop live-fire military drills that threatened their lives by entering the exercise zone in protest; they formed human chains around military bases to express their opposition; and about a hundred thousand people, one tenth of the population have turned out periodically for massive demonstrations. Octogenarians initiated the campaign to prevent the construction of the Henoko base with a sit-in that has been continuing for years. The prefectural assembly passed resolutions to oppose the Henoko base plan. In January 2013, leaders of all the 41 municipalities of Okinawa signed the petition to the government to remove the newly deployed MV-22 Osprey from Futenma base and to give up the plan to build a replacement base in Okinawa.”
Here's background on the Governor of Okinawa.
Here's an organization working to support the will of the public of Okinawa on this issue.
And here's a video worth watching:
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rzAw-jOQwME#t=0
U.S. Sen. Ed Markey, D-Massachusetts, led more than a dozen Democratic colleagues Thursday in announcing a push to reverse the Federal Communications Commission's controversial vote repealing Obama-era internet regulations.
Markey, who has been an outspoken critic of efforts to roll back the 2015 regulations, said they and 15 other senators plan to introduce a Congressional Review Act resolution that aims to undo the FCC's Thursday action and fully restore net neutrality rules.
FCC votes to repeal net neutrality rules for internet providers
Calling the commission's ruling "an historic mistake," the senator pledged to fight the decision in the courts and halls of Congress.
Markey contended that the CRA, which allows Congress to overturn federal agencies' regulatory actions through a simple majority vote in both the House and Senate, will allow lawmakers to "correct the commission's misguided and partisan decision and keep the internet in the hands of the people, not big corporations."
"Without strong net neutrality rules, entrepreneurs, inventors, small businesses, activists and all those who rely on a free and open internet will be at the mercy of big broadband companies that can block websites, slow down traffic and charge websites fees in order to increase their profits," they said in a statement.
US Sens. Ed Markey, Richard Blumenthal defend net neutrality, urge FCC to keep internet 'free and open'
Noting that the CRA is co-sponsored by several Democrats, Markey added that Republicans must make a choice: To "be on the right side of history and stand with the American people who support net neutrality, or hold hands with the big cable and broadband companies who only want to supercharge their profits at the expense of consumers and our economy."
The CRA resolution will be formally introduced once the FCC rule is submitted to both chambers and published in the federal register, according to Markey's office.
Aside from Markey, others backing the measure include: U.S. Sens. Ron Wyden, D-Oregon; Maria Cantwell, D-Washington; Brian Schatz, D-Hawaii; Richard Blumenthal, D-Connecticut; Sheldon Whitehouse, D-Rhode Island; Jeff Merkley, D-Oregon; Kirsten Gillibrand, D-New York; Tammy Baldwin, D-Wisconsin; Martin Heinrich, D-New Mexico; Maggie Hassan, D-New Hampshire; Amy Klobuchar, D-Minnesota; Gary Peters, D-Michigan; Debbie Stabenow, D-Michigan; Patrick Leahy D-Vermont; and Bernie Sanders I-Vermont.
U.S. Rep. Mike Doyle, D-Pennsylvania, plans to introduce a similar resolution in the House.
Congressman Richard Neal, D-Springfield, also said they were disappointed by the FCC's ruling and "fully intend(s) to support" Doyle's resolution.
"This move undermines and reverses consumer protective regulations already in place that allow for a level playing field in the e-commerce marketplace," they said in a statement. "I have heard from constituents across the First Congressional District of Massachusetts and the overwhelming majority of them are worried about what this will do to the guarantee of an open, free internet."
The FCC approved the "Restoring Internet Freedom" proposal, which called for repealing Obama-era standards that subjected internet providers to Title II utility-style regulations, on a 3-to-2 vote during its Thursday open meeting.
Supporters of the proposal said it was needed to address the "heavy-handed, utility-style regulation on internet service providers" the commission imposed in 2015 -- rules which they argued led to a drop in broadband investment and stifled innovation.
Opponents, however, have raised concerns that the commission's decision could lead to internet service providers slowing down, blocking online traffic or setting up internet "fast lanes."
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
On Tuesday, GOP presidential candidate Herman Cain dropped by Glenn Beck's radio program to argue that their previous promise to not appoint any Muslims to their Cabinet had been “misconstrued.” As they put it: “I did not say that I would not have them in my cabinet. If you look at my career, I have hired good people regardless of race, religion, sex gender, orientation, and this kind of thing.”
Cain's position now is that only radical Muslims would be prohibited from serving in their administration. That sounds reasonable. Except they told Laura Ingraham in April that he's never met a Muslim who didn't fit their definition of a radical—and in the same interview, alleged that Rep. Keith Ellison (D–Minn.), who's Muslim, has pledged their loyalty to Allah, not the Constitution. But even if Cain's original statement, and subsequent defenses of it, were misconstrued, they still haven't adequately explained the rest of what they told Think Progress back in April.
When asked for examples of the “creeping attempt…to gradually ease” Islamic sharia law into the American judicial system they explained:
One judge did it up in New Jersey, and ruled in a case. Then last week we heard about a judge down in was it Texas? It might have been Texas where a judge said there was a dispute in a mosque and they were gonna consider ‘eclesiastical' law in their deliberations, because of a dispute that was going on inside a mosque. This is the United States of America. Just because it's going on inside a mosque doesnt mean you execute the laws based on what's going on in the [mosque].”
Cain is right: This is the United States of America. But everything else here is inaccurate. In the civil case in question—which was in Florida, not Texas—the judge (a Republican) ruled that they were going to use “ecclesiastical” law because both parties had agreed, per their mutually agreed-upon contract, to settle their dispute through ecclesiastical Islamic law, in the form of a Muslim arbitrator. That's totally normal; Christians and Jews also take advantage of independent arbitrators to settle disputes. If the government were to ban the use of such forums, it would mark a dramatic encroachment on the First Amendment's freedom of religion—I'm fairly certain that Herman Cain doesn't want to run for President on the platform of restricting Christians' free exercise rights. The actual trial, the judge noted, would be conducted according to Florida civil law; they were simply assessing whether the arbitration process had been handled properly.
Anyone can make a gaffe, which is how Cain is spinning their “no Muslims” comment. But the more serious problem isn't that Cain misspoke; it's that they have taken an extreme, unconstitutional position based on a conspiracy theory that could have been debunked in 30 seconds.
AN ACT of defiance last year by a young Egyptian atheist, who posted nude pictures of themselves on the Internet, this week became the focal point of an extraordinary female backlash against religious fundamentalism.
Aliaa Magda Elmahdy's brave stand gave UK-based ex-Muslim Maryam Namazie the idea of launching the Nude Photo Revolutionaries Calendar in support of the blogger, who said that the pictures they posted were:
Screams against a society of violence, racism, sexism, sexual harassment and hypocrisy.
Elmahdy describes themselves on their Facebook page as :
An atheist living for the past five months with their boyfriend, blogger Kareem Amer, who, in 2006 was sentenced to four years in a maximum security prison for criticizing Islam and defaming former president Hosni Mubarak.
Yesterday – to mark International Women's Day – the calendar was launched on Namazie's blog.
They said:
What with Islamism and the religious right being obsessed with women's bodies and demanding that we be veiled, bound, and gagged, nudity breaks taboos and is an important form of resistance.
I felt that women needed to stand in solidarity with Aliaa. It takes a lot of guts to do what they did, and the backlash is always expected and can quite hurtful. They needed to know that there are others like her, willing to push the envelope to express outrage.
The calendar is designed by Sonya J F Barnett who said:
Among those supporting the calendar initiative were Nina Sankari, who said:
In solidarity with Aliaa Magda Elmahdy, I would like to stress that our bodies (and thoughts) belong to us and to nobody else.
And Anne Baker said:
Men in frocks constrain, control and intimidate women the world over in the name of God … it has to stop.
Poppy Wilson St James added:
I find it strange that it is more acceptable to seen on screen violence and guns than even a nipple. There is something wrong with our mindset if that is what we accept as the norm and shy away from nudity which is a completely natural state.
You can join the “Scream” on Facebook and on Twitter under the hashtag #NudePhotoRevolutionary, and you can buy and download the calendar via Namazie's blog. Proceeds will go towards supporting women's rights and free expression.
Hat tip: BarrieJohn
UPDATED Dec. 24, 2016 11:45 a.m. PT to include new details about Super Typhoon Nock-ten's intensity.
Typhoon Nock-ten, known as Nina in the Philippines, has significantly intensified into a Category-equivalent super typhoon.
It is expected to make landfall in the Philippines as a Category 3 or 4 storms on Christmas Day, and to pass near or over Manila on Dec. 26-27. This storm poses a major threat to the Philippines and is an unusually intense late-season typhoon.
Unlike other major storms that have hit the Philippines this year, Typhoon Nock-ten is expected to hit the more populated parts of Luzon, including the capital city of Manila.
The storm's track is a major concern since it puts more than 10 million people at risk from high winds, flooding rains and potentially deadly storm surge flooding.
On Saturday, the National Weather Service released an animation of Super Typhoon Nock-ten in the West Pacific just east of the Philippines.
The timing of the storm is inconvenient, too, given the Christmas holiday. The storm is forecast to buffet the Philippines starting on Christmas Day, first making landfall near Catanduanes early on Dec. 26 before moving near or over Manila on Dec. 27.
This storm will be an unwelcome Christmas gift to the most natural disaster prone nation on Earth. If the storm is still of Category 2 or greater intensity when it hits Manila, the threat of flooding may be the greatest concern, given that the city is low-lying and suffers floods during more ordinary downpours.
The Philippines has already seen several typhoons in 2016, including two that hit within one week in October. The more severe of those storms was Super Typhoon Haima. That storm made landfall in far northern Luzon as a Category 5-equivalent storm.
However, the forecast track for Typhoon Nock-ten is more problematic since it would traverse a more populated area than Haima did.
The storm intensified while moving across an area with high ocean temperatures and low atmospheric wind shear, two factors that encourage a tropical cyclone to grow stronger. Conditions may become more hostile as the storm approaches land, causing it to weaken somewhat.
"Anyone, whoever they may be, if they are involved in any kind of illegal activity, they will not be spared"
By Nita Bhalla
NEW DELHI, Aug 8 (Thomson Reuters Foundation) - Authorities in eastern India will crack down on "mica mafia" by starting to legalise some mica mines, a senior government official said, after a Thomson Reuters Foundation investigation revealed the cover-up of child deaths in illegal mining.
A three-month investigation in the mica-producing state of Jharkhand found that a flourishing black market had resulted in at least seven children being killed since June, mining for the prized mineral which adds the sparkle to make-up and car paint.
But the deaths went unreported as victims' families and mine operators feared it could end the illegal mining of mica, the only source of income in some of India's poorest regions.
Jharkhand's Secretary for Mines Sunil Kumar Barnwal said they were aware of child labour in mica but was taken aback by the number of children dying in the illegal mines estimated to produce 70 percent of India's annual mica output.
They vowed to legalise some mines from early 2017 and take a zero-tolerance approach to local mica mafias - a nexus of business people, traders, politicians, police and forest guards - who have profited in the illegal trade by exploiting the poor.
"Anyone, whoever they may be, if they are involved in any kind of illegal activity, they will not be spared - irrespective of any party membership or any government officer," Barnwal said in an interview on Sunday.
"If you legalise the sector, all the illegal interest groups will suffer. The government will take all required steps to make the lives of people there better."
India is one of the world's largest producers of mica, a silver-coloured, crystalline mineral, that has gained prominence in recent years as an environmentally-friendly material, used in the car and building sectors, electronics and "natural" make-up.
Once boasting over 700 mines, the industry was hit by 1980 legislation to limit deforestation and the invention of synthetic mica, forcing most mines to close.
ALL ABOVE BOARD
But renewed interest in mica has sent illegal operators scurrying to access hundreds of closed, crumbling mines, many in the forests of Jharkhand's Koderma and Giridih districts.
Indian law forbids children below the age of 18 working in mines and other hazardous industries but many families living in extreme poverty rely on children to boost household income.
Barnwal said a raft of measures is needed to address the problem and plans are underway to regulate the state's mica mining sector, saying this would generate revenue, bring development and jobs to these areas, and help curb child labour.
They said the rules for mining mica changed in February when the central government downgraded mica to a minor from a major mineral, giving state authorities the power to grant leases.
Jharkhand is planning to conduct a geological survey to determine the amount of mica reserves, demarcate blocks and start auctioning mining leases within the next six months.
"The whole emphasis on the government and my department will be to grant legal leases and there will be clear ownership and thereafter I don't think these problems will continue," Barnwal said by phone from Ranchi, Jharkhand's capital.
They added that the government was also setting up skill development centres across the state to give people alternative job options such as mechanics or livestock breeding.
"There is a whole solution to all these things. This is to bring this mica mining within our legal framework," said Barnwal, who is also Secretary to Jharkhand's Chief Minister Raghubar Das.
Barwal acknowledged many mica mines are located in protected forests or wildlife sanctuaries and it would be hard to get leases for these areas overseen by the environment ministry.
But they said communities mining in such areas could get work in the newly auctioned mica mines outside the forests, and the state revenue generated bring development and alternative jobs.
(Reporting by Nita Bhalla, Editing by Belinda Goldsmith; Please credit the Thomson Reuters Foundation, the charitable arm of Thomson Reuters, that covers humanitarian news, women's rights, trafficking, corruption and climate change. Visit news.trust.org)
Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.
The Advertising Standards Authority (ASA), a British watchdog, has launched an investigation into No Man's Sky and its marketing campaign. The decision follows widespread disappointment in the ambitious space sim after years of mounting anticipation.
Disappointed in No Man's Sky? Take a look at our list of the best space games on PC.
Speaking to Eurogamer, a representative of the ASA said the investigation had been prompted by “several complaints” alleging a large disparity between the game's portrayal in advertising, and its state at launch.
The controversy around the many features that players felt led to expect in No Man's Sky, but which didn't appear in the final game, has been bubbling steadily since its release in July. At the end of that month, we reported on a Reddit thread that listed all such features. It's pretty lengthy.
Screenshots and videos on the Steam store page for No Man's Sky depict just a few of these, including large-scale ship combat, more advanced animal behaviour and higher-quality visuals than appeared in the final game.
The PC version also suffered from a number of technical issueswhen compared with its PlayStation 4 counterpart (and even that wasn't exactly bug-free). This led to a number of PC customers seeking refunds via Steam, and rumours circulating on Reddit that Valve were offering more generous terms on their usual refund policy given the alleged false advertising. This is why No Man's Sky's Steam page has a unique box above the purchase button, stressing that Steam's standard refund policy applies. For information, Steam offers a no-questions-asked refund if customers make the request within 14 days of purchase, and have logged fewer than two hours' play time.
As the ASA does not comment on ongoing investigations, there's little more official news to report, but the investigation has flared up on Reddit after user “AzzerUK”discussed their correspondence with the watchdogthere. Speaking with Eurogamer, AzzerUK said they hoped game marketing might become more honest as a result of the investigation, but felt that their fellow Redditors were less charitable: “most people… wanted to see Hello Games ‘punished' directly”.
Did you feel misled by No Man's Sky? If so, what are you hoping to see as a result of this investigation?
Surveillance footage shows former WWE star Shad Gaspard confronted by a potential robbery situation at a Coral Springs, Fla., gas station. (Monica Akhtar/The Washington Post)
Inside the ring, Shad Gaspard was one half of WWE's “Cryme Tyme,” a painfully off-color caricature of two scheming street hustlers who delighted in throwing dice, stealing cars and “robbing white people.”
Their rallying cry: “Money, money — yeah, yeah.”
Outside the ring, Gaspard is, unsurprisingly, not a criminal. He's a passionate actor, one who waxes poetic about Sidney Poitier's performance in “A Raisin in the Sun” and artfully recites Shakespeare's “Henry V” on command.
On Saturday night, in a strange collision of irony and circumstance, the former violence-glorifying wrestler added another role to their growing demo reel: Crime fighter.
This time, however, as Gaspard stepped inside the impromptu ring that was a Valero station in Coral Springs, Fla., the 35-year-old was playing themselves — all 6 feet 7 and 285 pounds of him.
Their real-life opponent: Jason Felix of North Lauderdale, Fla.
Height: 5 feet 8.
Weight: 140 pounds.
Chance of wining: Zero.
Gaspard was at the gas station's “drink cooler” when they were approached by Felix, who told the hulking athlete to buy them a beer, according to an affidavit provided by Coral Springs police. When Gaspard refused to indulge the stranger's demand, Felix reached into the front of their waistband and “brandished a black semiautomatic style handgun,” the affidavit states.
“Are you trying to rob me?” a witness overheard Gaspard say.
It was the equivalent of trying to hit a pro wrestler with a flying forearm smash.
Gaspard was furious — and made quick work of their unexpected opponent, according to the authorities.
“Fearing they were about to be robbed, the victim lunged at the defendant and grabbed the weapon in an attempt to disarm him,” police say.
The daring defensive tactic worked. The confrontation, captured on store surveillance cameras, occurred in seconds and seemed to end with Gaspard retrieving the weapon, calmly walking toward the front of the store and placing the gun on the clerk's counter.
But Gaspard wasn't finished with their opponent. (No compelling wrestling match is complete without a climactic smackdown, after all.)
Police say the Gaspard “grabbed” Felix and “escorted them outside where they were eventually detained on the ground with the help of witnesses.”
Authorities are being polite.
Surveillance footage shows Gaspard walking Felix outside, with their massive forearm wrapped around the suspect's neck. The two men pause momentarily and then, without warning, Felix's feet leave the ground as Gaspard body-slams them to the ground like a rag doll.
Though the recording is silent, one can imagine a crowd cheering right about then.
Felix, wisely, declines to stand up as he's surrounded by witnesses who wait for authorities to arrive.
Police who recovered a semiautomatic firearm at the scene later determined it was an “air powered ‘BB' gun,” according to the affidavit.
Felix faces one count of robbery, the affidavit states.
Gaspard, a Brooklyn native, was released from WWE in 2010. In recent years, the Miami Herald reported, they continued wrestling on independent circuits while appearing in films, including “Think Like a Man Too” and “Get Hard.”
“I don't want to be just another big guy — all muscle and no hustle,” they said during a 2011 screen test posted on YouTube.
“I want to play dramatic roles; I want to play romantic roles,” they said.
But Gaspard added that they aren't against using their muscle, either: “I do want to be an action star and I do want to kick [butt] and take names.”
MORE READING:
Report details widespread sexual abuse problems at USA Gymnastics facilities
Trump sign used to taunt opposing basketball team causes school district to apologize
Louisville admits getting Wake Forest plays, says they made no difference in win
As the hub of your business presence on a (nearly) 1.6 billion-person social network, your Facebook Page has the potential to be a valuable marketing asset. From educating prospective customers to sharing company updates and educational resources with your existing customers, you can use your Facebook Page to target nearly every stage of your marketing funnel.
But in a world where 40 million+ small businesses have Facebook Pages, simply creating a Page won't guarantee you much in the way of results.
In order to attract and engage your target audience, you need your Facebook marketing to stand out from the sea of sameness.
To help you get started, we put together this list of seven tips and tricks you can use for customizing your company's Facebook Page.
7 Ways to Create a Custom Facebook Business Page
1) Claim Your Custom URL
First things first: If you haven't already, head to the URL facebook.com/username and create a custom URL for your Facebook Page that's short and easy to remember. HubSpot's, for example, is facebook.com/hubspot. Not very imaginative, but the goal is to create alignment between your brand and the Page.
As you can see in the screenshots below, you first need to choose your Page from a dropdown menu, then you'll be able to see if the URL you want is available.
Keep in mind that you're only allowed to change your Facebook Page URL once. So if you're going to update it, choose your new URL wisely.
2) Control Who Gets to See Your Page
Head to the Settings menu (via the link on the right side of your Page's top nav), and you'll be able to unlock a host of customization options. Perhaps the most important: The ability to restrict the visibility of your Page, which you can control under the "General" settings tab.
Are there certain countries your company doesn't sell to? You can prevent your Facebook Page from appearing there. Sell a product (e.g., alcohol) that has legal restrictions and/or that is otherwise geared toward an adult audience? You can restrict the visibility of your Facebook Page according to age.
By fine-tuning these visibility settings, you can help make sure your Page is reaching the right audience.
3) Control What Content Appears on Your Page
While you're in the General Settings menu customizing your Facebook Page's visibility settings, you might also want to consider customizing what content will be allowed to appear on your Page. Specifically, you can control who's allowed to post content to your Page, as well as what types of content (e.g., videos and/or photos) people are -- or aren't -- allowed to post.
Worried about bad language or inappropriate topics popping up in posts and replies on your Page? Adjust your Page Moderation settings to block the use of specific words, and turn on (or increase) your Page's Profanity Filter. FYI: There are three Profanity Filter settings, "Off," "Medium," and "Strong," which are based on the words and phrases that Facebook users have most frequently deemed offensive.
4) Add a Call-to-Action Button
It's a little tweak that can make a big impact: Setting up a call-to-action (CTA) button on your Facebook Page. The best part is that it only takes a few seconds to do.
If you haven't already created a CTA for your Page, you'll see an "Add Action Button" button where your future CTA will appear. (And yes, I realize how meta it is to be clicking on a CTA that's telling you to create a CTA. Welcome to the weird world of online marketing.)
Once you click that button, you'll be taken to a menu where you can select the CTA you want and preview it across different devices.
The CTA you choose should depend on the specific goals you're trying to accomplish. Facebook gives you 11 different options:
"Contact Us"
"Book Now"
"Call Now"
"Send Message"
"Use App"
"Play Game"
"Shop Now"
"Sign Up"
"Watch Video"
"Send Email"
"Learn More"
In addition to having your Page CTA redirect to a webpage, you can specify that it sends mobile visitors to your app or a mobile version of your site. Sure, it's a minor adjustment, but the end result is a better experience for your visitors.
However you end up configuring your CTA, remember to use tracking links when redirecting people to one of your other properties. That way you can monitor how successful your CTA has been at generating traffic and leads.
5) Customize Your Page's Tabs
You can customize your Facebook Page's tabs at a basic level by navigating to the "More" tab and selecting "Manage Tabs" from the dropdown menu. From there, you'll be able to re-position the order in which your Page's tabs appear.
Clicking that "Add or Remove Tabs" link at the bottom of the Manage Tabs menu will take you to Facebook's Apps menu, where you can install new apps. Once you install the app -- like the Notes app, for example -- you'll be able to feature it as a tab on your Page.
To create an entirely unique, non-Facebook-app-related tab for your Page, there's a bit of a development rabbit hole you'll need to go down. While it's not impossible to do, it's definitely tricky.
The good news: A coworker wrote a post that walks you through steps in excruciating detail: "How to Create Custom Tabs for Your Facebook Business Page."
6) Use Custom Images
Facebook recommends "adding big, beautiful photos and images" to your Facebook Page. In a perfect world, this would entail having a photographer take some high-quality shots -- or having a graphic designer create some custom images -- that highlight your company's products, services, branding, culture, and so on.
You could also go the Patagonia Facebook Page route and combine photos with design work, like you see in the examples below.
If resources are limited, you can always turn to our collection of free stock photos to find the perfect visual.
Regardless of the types of images you end up using, make sure you stick to Facebook's recommended image dimensions. Here they are:
Profile picture: 180 x 180 pixels (at least)
180 x 180 pixels (at least) Cover photo: 851 pixels wide x 315 pixels tall (JPG file format / less than 100KB file size)
(Check out this post for more recommended social media image dimensions.)
7) Add Ratings & Reviews to Your Page
Know how some Facebook Pages have those little rating and review widgets with the stars?
Those will only appear if you've designated your Page as a local business during setup and have entered your full business address. If you're creating a new Page, don't worry: this option is hard to miss.
If you already have a Facebook Page and want to make the switch to the local business setting, head to the About tab, choose Page Info, and then hover over the Category section. Click on the little pencil icon that appears and you'll be able to switch your page to the "Local Businesses" category.
Assuming you have your business's full address already entered in, Facebook's Ratings & Reviews functionality should soon become available on your Page.
Know of any other Facebook Page customization tips and tricks? Share them in the comments section below.
Editor's Note: This post was originally published in September 2011 and has been updated and for freshness, accuracy, and comprehensiveness.
While the American population stands divided heading into this year's presidential election, there's one thing the majority of Americans can agree on: expanding the use of renewables.
A new survey by Pew Research found that 89 percent of Americans favor building more solar farms, with just 9 percent opposed. A similarly large share support the development of wind farms, with 83 percent in favor and 14 percent opposed.
Support comes from across the political spectrum. Some 83 percent of conservative Republicans favor more solar projects, as well as virtually all (97 percent) of liberal Democrats. There's also strong agreement on the expansion of wind energy, with 73 percent of conservative Republicans in favor and 93 percent of liberal Democrats.
When it comes to residential solar, 41 percent of Americans say they've given “serious consideration” to installing solar panels at home, including 4 percent that have already done so. Financial benefits followed by environmental concerns were cited as the primary reasons for going solar.
“One spot of unity in an otherwise divided environmental policy landscape is that the vast majority of Americans support the concept of expanding both solar and wind power,” Pew wrote in a blog post.
The Pew survey is the latest addition to a growing body of research that finds that renewables, a major source of job growth, enjoy widespread popularity in the U.S. But the survey also revealed that the public is highly divided on expanding the production of fossil fuels and nuclear.
Specifically, the study found that 45 percent of Americans favor more offshore oil and gas drilling, while 52 percent are opposed. On hydraulic fracturing or “fracking” for oil and gas, 42 percent are in favor and 53 percent are opposed. Some 41 percent favor more coal mining, while a 57 percent majority are opposed. Finally, 43 percent of Americans support building more nuclear power plants, while 54 percent are opposed.
Unlike renewables, support for fossil fuel energy sources falls along party lines. Among conservative Republicans, 73 percent favor more coal mining, 70 percent favor more fracking and 76 percent favor more offshore drilling. A majority of Democrats oppose expanding the production of these resources, while moderate Republicans stand somewhere in the middle.
The political schism over nuclear energy is smaller. Some 57 percent of conservative Republicans and 51 percent of all Republicans favor more nuclear power plants, while Democrats lean in the opposite direction, with 59 percent opposed and 38 percent in favor.
At the second presidential debate, Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump were asked to share their views on energy policy by Kenneth Bone, an undecided voter, Illinois coal plant operator and overnight internet sensation.
Clinton called for a “comprehensive energy policy” that helps to fight climate change with the rapid deployment of clean, renewable energy, “because I think we can be the 21st-century clean energy superpower and create millions of new jobs and businesses.”
Trump said, “I'm all for alternative forms of energy, including wind, including solar,” then went on to say the U.S. energy industry is “under siege” by the Obama administration and that Clinton “wants to put all the miners out of business.” They also gave a nod to expansion of U.S. natural gas production, but did not acknowledge that low gas prices are the primary cause of coal's downturn. They also touted the benefits of clean coal, a technology that has yet to prove economic at scale.
Clinton was the only candidate to mention climate change in their response, which has consistently ranked as a high priority issue for young voters. It is not a high priority issue for all Americans, however. There is a growing consensus that climate change is a concern, but the Pew survey shows there's a huge divide on how to address it.
A majority of liberal Democrats see restrictions on power plant emissions, international agreements to limit carbon pollution, tougher efficiency standards for cars and trucks, and corporate tax incentives for businesses to reduce their carbon footprint can make a big difference in combating climate change, according to the study. Less than a third of conservative Republicans see these actions having an impact.
“Political fissures on climate issues extend far beyond beliefs about whether climate change is occurring and whether humans are playing a role,” Pew wrote.
Whichever presidential candidate takes office in 2017 will have to bridge this divide.
Blake is the content manager for DailyMTG.com, making them the one you should email if you have thoughts on the website, good or less good (or not good). He's a longtime coverage reporter and hasn't turned down a game of Magic in any format ever.
In a set full of mysteries, I have no doubt many players and Innistrad experts will be poring over these images looking for clues to the set's contents, to Innistrad's future, and to the mysteries the set portends.
Also, they're pretty.
Let's start with the first packaging you're likely to hold: the Prerelease kit (Prereleases are April 2—contact your local game store now for registration, these can fill up fast!).
There are two parts to the kit, one of which is the exterior sleeve, featuring a face you should get pretty familiar with for this article: Jace, shadowy figure.
But when you pull the sleeve off, you'll be greeted by this cool packaging to hold your cards.
And if you do well at the Prerelease, you could win some packs! And those packs look a little like these. First up, a Vampire of some ill repute, no doubt.
Next, what I'm sure is a run-of-the-mill Werewolf. Probably nothing special about it that would place it on the packaging.
Next up is the mad Avacyn, the Purifier, the flipped side of Archangel Avacyn.
And it wouldn't be an Innistrad set if we didn't get a glimpse of Sorin. But what kind of glimpse will we receive? And when?
This is Jace. You've met.
Shadows over Innistrad will also come in Fat Pack form, and it'll look a little something like this:
Which looks quite a bit like the Deck Builder's Toolkit:
And, in case you haven't seen enough spooky Jace with a popped collar, well...
All of these will be available April 8 when Shadows over Innistrad goes on sale.
Check in next week when we finish off the packaging brigade with the Intro Packs!
Who was Albert Pike?
Albert Pike and Three World Wars
Continued from Part 1: Who Was Albert Pike?.
Albert Pike received a vision, which they described in a letter that they wrote to Mazzini, dated August 15, 1871. This letter graphically outlined plans for three world wars that were seen as necessary to bring about the One World Order, and we can marvel at how accurately it has predicted events that have already taken place.
Pike's Letter to Mazzini
It is a commonly believed fallacy that for a short time, the Pike letter to Mazzini was on display in the British Museum Library in London, and it was copied by William Guy Carr, former Intelligence Officer in the Royal Canadian Navy. The British Library has confirmed in writing to me that such a document has never been in their possession. Furthermore, in Carr's book, Carr includes the following footnote:
The Keeper of Manuscripts recently informed the author that this letter is NOT catalogued in the British Museum Library. It seems strange that a man of Cardinal Rodriguez's knowledge should have said that it WAS in 1925".
It appears that Carr learned about this letter from Cardinal Caro y Rodriguez of Santiago, Chile, who wrote The Mystery of Freemasonry Unveiled.
To date, no conclusive proof exists to show that this letter was ever written. Nevertheless, the letter is widely quoted and the topic of much discussion.
Following are apparently extracts of the letter, showing how Three World Wars have been planned for many generations.
The First World War must be brought about in order to permit the Illuminati to overthrow the power of the Czars in Russia and of making that country a fortress of atheistic Communism. The divergences caused by the "agentur" (agents) of the Illuminati between the British and Germanic Empires will be used to foment this war. At the end of the war, Communism will be built and used in order to destroy the other governments and in order to weaken the religions."2
Students of history will recognize that the political alliances of England on one side and Germany on the other, forged between 1871 and 1898 by Otto von Bismarck, co-conspirator of Albert Pike, were instrumental in bringing about the First World War.
The Second World War must be fomented by taking advantage of the differences between the Fascists and the political Zionists. This war must be brought about so that Nazism is destroyed and that the political Zionism be strong enough to institute a sovereign state of Israel in Palestine. During the Second World War, International Communism must become strong enough in order to balance Christendom, which would be then restrained and held in check until the time when we would need it for the final social cataclysm.3
After this Second World War, Communism was made strong enough to begin taking over weaker governments. In 1945, at the Potsdam Conference between Truman, Churchill, and Stalin, a large portion of Europe was simply handed over to Russia, and on the other side of the world, the aftermath of the war with Japan helped to sweep the tide of Communism into China.
(Readers who argue that the terms Nazism and Zionism were not known in 1871 should remember that the Illuminati invented both these movements. In addition, Communism as an ideology, and as a coined phrase, originates in France during the Revolution. In 1785, Restif coined the phrase four years before revolution broke out. Restif and Babeuf, in turn, were influenced by Rousseau - as was the most famous conspirator of them all, Adam Weishaupt.)
The Third World War must be fomented by taking advantage of the differences caused by the 'agentur' of the 'Illuminati' between the political Zionists and the leaders of Islamic World. The war must be conducted in such a way that Islam (the Moslem Arabic World) and political Zionism (the State of Israel) mutually destroy each other. Meanwhile the other nations, once more divided on this issue will be constrained to fight to the point of complete physical, moral, spiritual and economical exhaustionÃƒÆ'Ã†â€™Ãƒâ€ Ã¢â‚¬â„¢ÃƒÆ'Ã¢â‚¬Â ÃƒÂ¢Ã¢â€šÂ¬Ã¢â€žÂ¢ÃƒÆ'Ã†â€™ÃƒÂ¢Ã¢â€šÂ¬Ã…Â¡ÃƒÆ'Ã¢â‚¬Å¡Ãƒâ€šÃ‚Â¢ÃƒÆ'Ã†â€™Ãƒâ€ Ã¢â‚¬â„¢ÃƒÆ'Ã¢â‚¬Å¡Ãƒâ€šÃ‚Â¢ÃƒÆ'Ã†â€™Ãƒâ€šÃ‚Â¢ÃƒÆ'Ã‚Â¢ÃƒÂ¢Ã¢â€šÂ¬Ã…Â¡Ãƒâ€šÃ‚Â¬ÃƒÆ'Ã¢â‚¬Â¦Ãƒâ€šÃ‚Â¡ÃƒÆ'Ã†â€™ÃƒÂ¢Ã¢â€šÂ¬Ã…Â¡ÃƒÆ'Ã¢â‚¬Å¡Ãƒâ€šÃ‚Â¬ÃƒÆ'Ã†â€™Ãƒâ€ Ã¢â‚¬â„¢ÃƒÆ'Ã‚Â¢ÃƒÂ¢Ã¢â‚¬Å¡Ã‚Â¬Ãƒâ€¦Ã‚Â¡ÃƒÆ'Ã†â€™ÃƒÂ¢Ã¢â€šÂ¬Ã…Â¡ÃƒÆ'Ã¢â‚¬Å¡Ãƒâ€šÃ‚Â¦We shall unleash the Nihilists and the atheists, and we shall provoke a formidable social cataclysm which in all its horror will show clearly to the nations the effect of absolute atheism, origin of savagery and of the most bloody turmoil. Then everywhere, the citizens, obliged to defend themselves against the world minority of revolutionaries, will exterminate those destroyers of civilization, and the multitude, disillusioned with Christianity, whose deistic spirits will from that moment be without compass or direction, anxious for an ideal, but without knowing where to render its adoration, will receive the true light through the universal manifestation of the pure doctrine of Lucifer, brought finally out in the public view. This manifestation will result from the general reactionary movement which will follow the destruction of Christianity and atheism, both conquered and exterminated at the same time.4
Since the terrorist attacks of Sept 11, 2001, world events, and in particular in the Middle East, show a growing unrest and instability between Modern Zionism and the Arabic World. This is completely in line with the call for a Third World War to be fought between the two, and their allies on both sides. This Third World War is still to come, and recent events show us that it is not far off.
You might be interested in the following external links: Albert Pike Defense: Defenses of certain Pike assertions taken from Walter Lee Brown, Professor Emeritus of History at the University of Arkansas at Fayetteville and their book "A Life of Albert Pike," published by the U. of Arkansas press, 1997. Freemasonry Inside Out: This sensational analysis of the Masonic brotherhood examines the basic question asked for almost 300 years by the general public and surprisingly by many masons themselves. "If Freemasonry is simply a fraternal and charitable organisation, why is there an almost fanatical obsession with secrecy." Layout of Washington D.C. and discussion of how President Andrew Johnson considered themselves to be the subordinate to Albert Pike, the leader of North American Freemasonry. Looking for pictures of Albert Pike?
Footnotes
1. Lady Queensborough: Occult Theocracy, pp. 208-209.
2, 3, 4. Cmdr. William Guy Carr: Quoted in Satan: Prince of This World.
This article is over 5 years old
Ex-president back in court on charges related to the killings of 900 protesters during 2011 uprising
Egypt's ousted long-time autocrat returns to court as their trial resumes on charges related to the killings of around 900 protesters during the 2011 uprising that led to their removal.
The 85-year-old Mubarak was wheeled into the defendants' cage in a heavily fortified courtroom in Cairo on Saturday, sitting upright, confident and waving to supporters.
It is Mubarak's second court appearance since they were released from prison in August and transferred to a military hospital where they are being detained pending trial on separate corruption cases.
Mubarak was convicted and sentenced to life in prison for failing to stop the 2011 killings, but their sentence was overturned on appeal earlier this year and a retrial was ordered.
Mubarak's two sons and a former security chief were also in court with him.
TRIPOLI, April 13 (Reuters) - A suicide bomber killed a member of the security forces and wounded four at a checkpoint south of the western Libyan city of Misrata on Wednesday, a hospital spokesperson said.
Aziz Issa, head of the media office at Misrata's central hospital, said the car bomb had detonated near the Essdada checkpoint, about 80km (50 miles) south of the city.
Islamic State militants have staged several attacks on checkpoints on the coastal road south of Misrata, which leads towards the group's Libyan stronghold of Sirte.
A security source said militants also attacked a military camp early on Wednesday between the coastal road and the town of Bani Walid, south-east of Misrata, and seized weapons and ammunition.
(Reporting by Ahmed Elumami; Writing by Aidan Lewis; editing by John Stonestreet)
Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles.
Deconstructing a False Dichotomy
Robert Nozick opens the preface to Anarchy, State, and Utopia asserting that “individuals have rights, and there are things no person or group may do to them (without violating their rights). So strong and far-reaching are these rights that they raise the question of what, if anything, the state and its officials may do”[1]. Indeed natural rights are a hallmark of western political philosophy. They assert the individual's natural freedom and protect their or their private life and property from external threats. As articulated in the seventeenth century by European and American liberals, the discourse of natural rights was employed to limit the power of absolutist monarchies and abolish the hegemony of hereditary aristocracies. In fact they acted as a principle of governmental limitation, attempting to draw a juridical barrier between naturally free citizens and their governments[2].
Today's political discourse presents a similar use of natural rights. If we look at the claims emerging from the Tea Party movement and like-minded libertarian circles we notice a similar re-assertion of natural freedom and individual independence from a government which intrudes excessively in the life of private citizens. Publicly funded programs such as Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security are thus seen as direct assaults on the private sphere that pertains to individuals.
A False Dichotomy
Such an interpretation of natural rights rests upon an understanding of human liberty defined as the condition of absence from external constraints. In their seminal essay Two Concepts of Liberty (1969), Isaiah Berlin terms this attitude towards freedom as negative liberty, one concerned solely with creating a private sphere of non-interference upon which no other person may intrude: “I am normally said to be free to the degree to which no man or body of men can interfere with my activity. Political liberty in this sense is simply the area within which a man can act unobstructed by others”[3]. On the contrary, positive liberty implies the freedom to participate in the collective decisions influencing the individual's life. Yet, collective participation in political endeavors, according to Berlin, has historically led to the formation of universal categories such as collective wills, the common good, or enlightened majorities which, in the name of collective well-being, have inevitably trodden upon the sacrosanct natural rights of private individuals. Berlin thus concludes that positive and negative liberty “are not two different interpretations of a single concept, but two profoundly divergent and irreconcilable attitudes to the ends of life”[4].
Similarly, the libertarian right, along with many neo-classical economists such as F.A. Hayek and Milton Friedman, eschew an understanding of positive liberty based on increased political participation and concerns for the common good. In their view, true liberty lies in the “freedom to choose” their own personal decisions rather than having them dictated by government. Moreover, political participation and democratic deliberation are not seen as conducive to social harmony or political stability as they most often lead to irresolvable political arguments which strain the already frail bonds uniting society. On the other hand, Milton Friedman asserts that if such decisions were left to the free market, such political strains would not occur: “the wider the range of activities covered by the market, the fewer the issues on which explicitly political decisions are required and hence on which it is necessary to achieve agreement”[5]. In fact, F.A. Hayek suggested that democracy is not an end to itself but solely a means to secure personal freedom.
“Democracy is essentially a means, a utilitarian device, for safeguarding internal peace and individual freedom.”[6]
We are thus presented with two apparently irreconcilable understandings of liberty. The negative asserts freedom from external constraints, while the positive freedom to engage in the political act of decision making. Yet, Isaiah Berlin warns us that political participation in a collective sphere, although potentially a noble endeavor, possesses no internal mechanism of limitation which allows it to check its ability to encroach on private natural rights. In this light, it is self-evident that negative liberty is the sole concept of freedom which ensures that at least our very basic rights are protected. This, however, presents us with a false dichotomy.
The Classical Republican Theory of Liberty
Positive and negative liberty may coexist, and have coexisted, in many different articulations. A valuable example is the theory of republican liberty outlined by professors Quentin Skinner and J.G.A. Pocock. These historians bring to the light a political discourse dating back to ancient Greece and republican Rome concerned with the common good, civic virtue and collective participation in the public sphere. This political theory found its first coherent expression in renaissance Florence, where quattrocento (1400) humanists along with Machiavelli articulated the foundational concepts of classical republicanism. The republic of Florence from the early 1100s to 1432 had been a self governing and independent polity, vying for territorial and political hegemony with neighboring republics and principalities.
Skinner and Pocock point out that Florentine political thought conceived of liberty as resting on two mutually dependent assertions: absence from forms of constraint and political participation[7]. Absence from constraint was understood as a condition of independence from external rule. After all, Florence during the medieval and renaissance periods inhabited a world of warfare, marching armies and endless sieges. The individual liberty of citizens within the republic thus depended on the city's ability to remain free from neighboring tyrants, popes, princes and monarchs[8]. This condition of independence was however maintained solely through citizen participation. In fact, the citizen was called upon to fulfill two duties: firstly, the running of the city's administration, and secondly the military defense of the city's walls[9].
Such a form of citizen participation was embodied in a principle called civic virtue, or il vivere civile e politico, and demanded that citizens take part in the running of the republic's endeavors if they wished to remain free[10]. In Florentine political thought, the condition of dependence signaled the loss of autonomy and human agency, eventually causing social decay and moral corruption. Civic virtue was thus a principle of individual and social action, an ethic which enabled citizens to be masters of their own destiny through a concerted and collective effort. As such, renaissance republican thought eschewed the idea of private interests guiding the republic, it was weary of princes, and cultivated a profound suspicion of hereditary aristocracies[11]. The republic's highest magistracies should therefore be accessible to all qualified citizens, and its electoral system was characterized by frequent elections and short terms[12].
Pocock and Skinner point out the presence of the theory of republican liberty during the English Civil War, in Revolutionary and Federalist America, all the way into the thought of Adam Smith. Its admonition is clear: the maintenance of negative liberty necessitates a positive effort of political participation. As Quentin Skinner suggests, the lesson that the great minds of the seventeenth century seem to be telling us is that “if we wish to maximise our personal liberty, we must not place our trust in princes; we must instead take charge of the political arena ourselves”[13].
Conclusions
Recent attempts on behalf of libertarian movements forcing us to choose between individual liberty or political participation in a collective sphere are theoretically and historically erroneous. Accepting negative liberty as the only viable and modern understanding of freedom ignores a rich and varied political tradition on which western democracies have been built on. Moreover, this false dichotomy forces us to choose between the protection of natural rights on one hand, and a potentially collectivist totalitarian politics on the other, thereby nudging us towards the acceptance of a limited and unaccountable democratic system. Contrarily, we must conceive of democratic politics as a system requiring continuous political questioning and debate. Indeed democracy's lifeblood lies in democratic deliberation which always necessities some degree of citizen participation and civic virtue (of course not the same as the Florentine republic's).
A retreat to an a-political and a-social state of nature -which is what the Tea Party movement at times seems to base its claims on- will not maximize individual liberty but render it vulnerable to, and dependent on, powerful interests –be these governmental or private. If natural rights are not defended through political participation within government there is the serious possibility of losing them. Moreover, natural rights, such those to “life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness”, do not exist on different political playing field than the rights to basic healthcare, decent education and a dignified retirement plan. The lesson we derive from the political theories of classical republicanism and early liberalism is that natural rights are inextricably tied to the demands for civil liberties. Natural rights and civil rights are linked because they must both be fought for politically, continuously and within a democratic framework.
A libertarian re-assertion of negative liberty and individual natural rights will not deliver American and European nations from their financial woes. Nor will the dismantlement of government and its public services. It will solely erode and gnaw away at the frail ties that keep us united as democratic nations, thereby fostering division, political apathy and national disunion. In a moment in which financial markets call into question our nations' popular sovereignty, we are more than ever in need of a concerted and collective effort to rise to the challenge and defend our cherished liberties that define us as democratic citizens.
[1] Nozick 1974, p ix [2] Foucault 2008, p 9 [3] Berlin 1969, p 122 [4] Berlin 1969, p 166 [5] Friedman 1962, p 24 [6] Hayek 1944, p 73 [7] Skinner 1998 [8] Pocock 1975, p 201 [9] Skinner 1978, p 76 [10] Pocock 1975, p 56 [11] Pocock 1975, p 94 [12] Viroli 1990 [13] Skinner, 1992
Bibliography
Berlin, I. 1969 “Two Concepts of Liberty” in Isaiah Berlin Four Essays on Liberty. Oxford University Press: Oxford
Foucault, M. 2008, The Birth of Bio Politics. Palgrave Macmillan: Hampshire
Friedman, M. 1962, Capitalism and Freedom. The University of Chicago Press: Chicago
Hayek, F. A. 1944 The Road to Serfdom, Routledge: Abingdon
Nozick, R. 1974. Anarchy, State, and Utopia, Blackwell Publishing: Oxford
Pocock, J.G.A. 1975. The Machiavellian Moment, Princeton University Press: Princeton
Skinner, Q. 1978. The Foundations of Modern Political Thought, Vol. 1. Cambridge University Press: Cambridge
Skinner, Q. 1992, “On Justice, the Common Good and Liberty” in Mouffe, C. Dimensions of Radical Democracy, Verso: London
Skinner, Q. 1998, Liberty Before Liberalism, Cambridge University Press: Cambridge
Viroli, M. 1990. “Machiavelli and the Republican Idea of Politics” in Bock, Skinner & Viroli ed. Machiavelli and Republicanism, Cambridge University Press: Cambridge
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Jan. 11, 2013, 9:51 PM GMT By Candice Choi
Taco Bell is testing a new value menu that could put it in more direct competition with the Dollar Menu at McDonald's.
The Mexican-fast-food chain is testing a "$1 Cravings Menu" in two markets that lists nine items, including three new offerings. If successful, it would replace the chain's current value menu, called "Why Pay More," with items priced at 89 cents and 99 cents. The $2 "meal deals" on "Why Pay More" are not offered on the new menu.
Chris Brandt, vice president of marketing for Taco Bell, said the tests began in October in Fresno, Calif., and Knoxville, Tenn., and will continue for at least another couple of months before a decision is made on whether to roll out the menu more widely. They said the idea for "$1 Cravings" came about after consumer research showed diners felt like they were "forced to eat off the value menu," rather than wanting the items it offered. So Taco Bell decided to split the "$1 Cravings" menu into what it considers to be five universal cravings: beefy, cheesy, spicy, crunchy and sweet.
Although $1 seems like pocket change, it reflects a slight price hike for Taco Bell compared with the "Why Pay More" menu, which was introduced in 2008.
Wendy's, based in Dublin, Ohio, also revamped its value menu recently, replacing its 99-cent menu with a "Right Size Right Price" menu that charges up to $1.99. Under the new model, Wendy's has more flexibility in charging prices at a time when costs for ingredients like beef are climbing and squeezing profit margins. Last year McDonald's introduced an "Extra Value Menu" with items closer to $2.
Taco Bell's tinkering with the value menu comes amid a broader reinvention for the chain, which delivered strong results in the past year with the help of menu introductions such as Doritos Locos Tacos and higher quality Cantina Bell burritos and bowls. In coming weeks Taco Bell plans to begin marketing its "Happier Hour" featuring a menu of snacks like the recently introduced "Loaded Grillers."
The chain is turning out to be a bright spot for parent company Yum Brands Inc., which also owns KFC and Pizza Hut. Yum earlier this week warned that a key sales figure in China, its biggest market, is expected to fall 6 percent in the fourth quarter as a result of issues surrounding two of its small chicken suppliers. The U.S. only accounts for about a quarter of Yum's business and has historically underperformed. But analysts say that could change in coming years.
After nine years of declines, Yum achieved net new store openings in the U.S. last year. To spur new restaurant growth, Taco Bell is also offering franchisees better contract terms.
For now Brandt said Taco Bell wants to ensure the "$1 Cravings Menu" performs strongly before it's rolled out more widely. The menu could also be tweaked along the way, but currently includes three new items: a spicy chicken mini quesadilla, a spicy cheese roll up and a beefy cheesy burrito, which is smaller than Taco Bell's typical burritos.
The test by Taco Bell was reported earlier by the site BrandEating.com, which covers fast food news.
Taco bell typically tests new menu items on the West Coast and either on the East Coast or in the South. That's because perceptions about Taco Bell vary depending on location. While the Mexican food market is much more competitive on the West Coast, Brandt said "Taco Bell defines what Mexican food is" in some parts of the East Coast.
Janney Capital Markets analyst Mark Kalinowski noted the new value menu could be a smart move, given McDonald's recent return to emphasizing its Dollar Menu, after an attempt to tout the new "Extra Value Menu" flopped. Kalinowski noted that the promotion of the Dollar Menu helped boost sales in November for McDonald's.
There are five sayings that too many people are guilty of misquoting. Some of these sayings are said incorrectly so frequently that the wrong versions are gaining more popularity and acceptance than the originals. While language is a changing and evolving thing, unfortunately many of the new versions make little sense. It's a good idea to know the correct ones, so that you aren't caught unprepared in an embarrassing, misquoting situation. So whether you use them, share them, or entirely disregard them, knowing the true sayings never hurt anyone.
I could care less
The first saying on the list is "I could care less."While there are probably a million things you could care less about, the actual saying goes "I couldn't care less."Though the difference in structure is minute, the difference in meaning is vast. There is the possibility of a miscommunication with this one, but more importantly the first just doesn't make sense in the context it's said. You say "I couldn't care less"to imply that the situation is something to which you are thoroughly indifferent. The misquotation intimates quite the opposite.
one in the same
The second offender is saying something is "one in the same"when you actually mean that it's "one and the same."This one is a little confusing. Unlike the first, this faux saying doesn't mean anything at all. What on earth does it mean to be "one in the same?"Perhaps people are attempting to imply that something is a small part of the same whole, but the world will be a happier place if people agree that something is "one and the same"as something else.
nip it in the butt
The third saying is the ever-present "nip it in the butt."Now, obviously biting someone in the posterior would probably halt unwanted behavior, but the actual saying is "nip it in the bud."Nipping something while it's a bud means that it cannot grow into something more offensive. You cut the annoyance before it develops into a much larger problem. Unless you actually want to find the butt of a problem and bite it, perhaps it's a good idea to start saying "bud." Furthermore, it's just more polite to refrain from talking about behinds!
with all intensive purposes
The fourth problem quotations are "with all intensive purposes."The problem with this saying, although it might be possible to have intensive purposes, is that the actual saying is "with all intents and purposes."Granted, intents and purposes are really the same thing and may sound a bit redundant, but intensive purposes is just plain incorrect. Fortunately, if you say the false rendition quickly enough, there are few people who are likely to notice your gaffe. Whether or not your purposes are intensive, it's best to remember the correct version.
you've got another thing coming
The fifth, and most common, misquoted saying is "you've got another thing coming."You've probably never even heard the correct version, but it's "you've got another think coming."If you feel like impressing friends, coworkers, or stranger with your knowledge, feel free to point out to them the entire sayings goes "if that's what you think, you've got another think coming."The true saying really only makes sense in it's entirety. For this reason, many have proposed that the off-shoot "you've got another thing coming,"be recognized as a valid saying in it's own right. People may look at you strangely for using the true saying.
So there you have it. Five sayings have now been clarified, so do with them what you will. You can now go out into the world proclaiming the true statements, secure in your knowledge that the correct words are spilling from your lips. And if someone thinks to correct your strange words, you can proudly point out their own misinformation. So loudly declare that someone has "another think coming"or that you "couldn't care less."Spread your knowledge wisely and use your powers for good.
Share. Learn more about what makes TLoU's online modes shine. Learn more about what makes TLoU's online modes shine.
I typically prefer playing games by myself, but every so often, I'm pulled into an online experience without warning. Naughty Dog's swan song on PlayStation 3, The Last of Us, is one such game that sucked me in and refused to let go.
As IGN's reviewer of The Last of Us, I had access to the game quite early, and learned before it launched that I really, really liked its online functionality. But it wasn't until after the game was released to the masses that I started to lose an incredible amount of time playing with the anonymous hordes online. All-in-all, TLoU online claimed over 40 hours of my life. And it left me wondering how that happened.
A couple of weeks ago, Sony and Naughty Dog were kind enough to dispatch David Ballard to San Francisco. Ballard is one of the creative forces behind what I'd argue is The Last of Us' most underappreciated feature: its multiplayer. They were kind enough to sit with me in a video bay for a couple of hours as we went over each of the game's seven multiplayer maps, which they helped design and build.
In the seven videos below, Ballard goes into the ins-and-outs of each and every map, showing off a plethora of Easter eggs, design philosophies, and more. They even provided a bunch of never-before-seen footage and a behind-the-scenes look at how the maps formed and the design choices that were made as maps were pruned, reworked, and finalized. It's truly fascinating stuff.
Fans of The Last of Us' online modes – and there are a lot of you out there – will definitely want to check these videos out. And if you're a fan of Naughty Dog, you're certainly wanted to keep an eye on IGN in the coming weeks, because we have something awesome coming up.
But in the meantime, enjoy these videos.
Exit Theatre Mode
Exit Theatre Mode
Exit Theatre Mode
Exit Theatre Mode
Exit Theatre Mode
Exit Theatre Mode
Exit Theatre Mode
Colin Moriarty is IGN's Senior Editor. You can follow them on Twitter and IGN and learn just how sad the life of a New York Islanders and New York Jets fan can be.
Careyjones architects and Jefferson Sheard Architects have completed Soundhouse, a rubber-clad music studio designed for the University of Sheffield.
"The overall aesthetic of the black rubber quilt is intended as a literal translation of the need to acoustically contain the building's use," explains Mike Harris of Careyjones.
The three-storey building is covered with four 14 x 8 m rubber sheets, each weighing half a ton.
The sheets were stretched and fixed over the structure then decorated with stainless-steel studs, which were screwed into the reinforcement plates behind the insulation to create a quilted effect.
The following information is from Careyjones Architects:
--
Groundbreaking University of Sheffield building complete
The University of Sheffield's state-of-the-art music practice and studio facility, the Soundhouse, is now complete. The striking development, conceptually designed by careyjones architects and delivered by Jefferson Sheard Architects, is completely enveloped in black rubber – a technique never seen before in the UK.
Covering 450sq m and is three storeys in height, the building's unique black cube structure is set to become a landmark on the university campus, the bold and simple design reflecting the existing inventiveness of the Portobello area.
Professor Keith Burnett, Vice-Chancellor of the University of Sheffield, said: “The Soundhouse is the first building to be completed in the second phase of our development of the Jessop site, with the first phase seeing the completion of the Sheffield Bioincubator. The unique state-of-the-art Soundhouse is an innovative addition to the campus and will allow our students to nurture and develop their passion for music in a modern and creative environment.”
Mike Harris, Director at careyjones architects, said: “Working with a forward thinking client such as the University of Sheffield allowed careyjones to really push the design boundaries for the Soundhouse. The pioneering ‘music box' design creates a stunning piece of architecture that sits well as part of the dynamic urban fabric, respecting important existing and new buildings in the surrounding area. Furthermore, the overall aesthetic of the black rubber quilt is intended as a literal translation of the need to acoustically contain the building's use contained within. As a practice we look forward to strengthening our relationship with the University and continuing our work in Sheffield.”
Tom Rhys Jones, Managing Director of Jefferson Sheard Architects, continues; “From the outset this project was always going to be technically challenging as it was highly innovative in terms of both the cladding and internal fit out. The building required intricate detailing at every stage; internally to meet the demanding acoustic requirements following through externally to the unique envelope of the Soundhouse using a construction method never before used in the UK.
“We believe the detailing has gone a long way to providing the University with the 21st Century flagship building which they envisaged when they approved the original design concept.”
The Soundhouse was constructed by Kier.
Technical note:
The use of rubberised tanking as an exposed external membrane has never before been undertaken here in the UK.
Such an innovative design solution to the external envelope of a building was a huge technical challenge to the designers, main contractor Kier Northern and the supply chain partners.
One key aspect was the off-site vulcanising of the rubber sheets, which involved welding 1500mm-wide sheets together to form a single homogenous sheet, with dimensions of 14m x 8m. There were to be four in total, one for each elevation of the building. Each sheet weighed half a ton and a safe system of works was devised for their installation and final fix to the external structure.
The rubber membrane was placed under tension similar to the skin on a drum, fixed and then decorated with 100mm diameter stainless steel studs. These studs were adjustable and could be screwed back to the reinforcing plates behind the insulation and rubber quilt, thus compressing the insulation and creating the quilted effect.
Acoustic treatments
To satisfy the stringent acoustic requirements, the Soundhouse's frame was subjected to a number of treatments. The use of dense, double skin blockwork with high specification insulation was the main strategy to reduce the effects of external noise. All connections of the building fabric to the frame had to be acoustically isolated to maintain the acoustics.
These works involved exhaustive detailing and physical on-site inspections through the quality management system. The building was then subjected to stringent on-site acoustic testing by two separate teams of acousticians.
Welcome to Jurassic Park!
Jurassic Park is one of my favorite movies, and my favorite scene from the movie is the first encounter between the scientists and a Brachiosaurus. So I decided to recreate the scene in Lego form.
The project has two models and five minifigures.
Jeep Wrangler Sahara 1992 Jurassic Park (211 pcs). It is used in several of the most exciting scenes from the movie and has become a true symbol of Jurassic Park. This Lego model is faithful to the original in many details.
Brachiosaurus (363 pcs). It is the first dinosaur that Mr. Hammond shows to the scientists. It is an impressive herbivore with a long neck, and strong legs and tail. A majestic being, that once reached adulthood is unrivaled, because its size is the best defense against predators. The legs, tail and neck of this model are articulated. We do not really know what color had Brachiosaurus, so I proposed two color schemes: a classic one in three shades of stone grey (light, medium and dark) and other more colorful (earth green, sand green and nougat), each in 363 pieces. What color pattern do you like more? Please leave your opinion in the comments section.
Minifigures (22 pcs)
1) Dr. Ellie Sattler, a paleobotanist.
2) Dr. Alan Grant, a leading paleontologist.
3) Mr. Hammond, the owner of Jurassic Park.
4) Dr. Ian Malcolm, a matematician and chaos theorist.
5) The driver of the Jeep.
This project could become an official Lego set if it gathers 10,000 votes. Voting is easy, free and without any obligation, you just have to press the blue button "Support". If you do not have an account on Lego Ideas, you must register, you will receive an email to activate your account and then you can already vote. Also you can help a lot by sharing the idea in Facebook and Twitter with your friends and invite them to vote.
Thank you very much for visiting this project.
Kind regards
Luis
Software used in this project:
Virtual model building:
Lego Digital Designer (LDD), http://ldd.lego.com/en-us/
Pictures rendering:
LDD2POVRAY, http://ldd2povray.lddtools.com/
POVRAY, http://www.povray.org/
Custom decals design:
Inkscape, https://www.inkscape.org/en/
Artstudio for iPad
Stop Illegal Spying
Mr. Bush's program of intercepting Americans' international calls and e-mail messages without a warrant has not ceased. The agreement announced recently — under which a secret court supposedly gave its blessing to the program — did nothing to restore judicial process or ensure that Americans' rights are preserved. Congress needs to pass a measure, like one proposed by Senator Dianne Feinstein, to force Mr. Bush to obey the law that requires warrants for electronic surveillance.
Ban Torture, Really
The provisions in the Military Commissions Act that Senator McCain trumpeted as a ban on torture are hardly that. It is still largely up to the president to decide what constitutes torture and abuse for the purpose of prosecuting anyone who breaks the rules. This amounts to rewriting the Geneva Conventions and puts every American soldier at far greater risk if captured. It allows the president to decide in secret what kinds of treatment they will permit at the Central Intelligence Agency's prisons. The law absolves American intelligence agents and their bosses of any acts of torture and abuse they have already committed.
•
Many of the tasks facing Congress involve the way the United States takes prisoners, and how it treats them. There are two sets of prisons in the war on terror. The military runs one set in Iraq, Afghanistan and Guantánamo Bay. The other is even more shadowy, run by the C.I.A. at secret places.
Close the C.I.A. Prisons
When the Military Commissions Act passed, Mr. Bush triumphantly announced that they now had the power to keep the secret prisons open. They cast this as a great victory for national security. It was a defeat for America's image around the world. The prisons should be closed.
Account for ‘Ghost Prisoners'
The United States has to come clean on all of the “ghost prisoners” it has in the secret camps. Holding prisoners without any accounting violates human rights norms. Human Rights Watch says it has identified nearly 40 men and women who have disappeared into secret American-run prisons.
Ban Extraordinary Rendition
This is the odious practice of abducting foreign citizens and secretly flying them to countries where everyone knows they will be tortured. It is already illegal to send a prisoner to a country if there is reason to believe they will be tortured. The administration's claim that it got “diplomatic assurances” that prisoners would not be abused is laughable.
A bill by Representative Edward Markey, Democrat of Massachusetts, would require the executive branch to list countries known to abuse and torture prisoners. No prisoner could be sent to any of them unless the secretary of state certified that the country's government no longer abused its prisoners or offered a way to verify that a prisoner will not be mistreated. It says “diplomatic assurances” are not sufficient.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
•
Congress needs to completely overhaul the military prisons for terrorist suspects, starting with the way prisoners are classified. Shortly after 9/11, Mr. Bush declared all members of Al Qaeda and the Taliban to be “illegal enemy combatants” not entitled to the protections of the Geneva Conventions or American justice. Over time, the designation was applied to anyone the administration chose, including some United States citizens and the entire detainee population of Gitmo.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
To address this mess, the government must:
Tighten the Definition of Combatant
“Illegal enemy combatant” is assigned a dangerously broad definition in the Military Commissions Act. It allows Mr. Bush — or for that matter anyone they choose to designate to do the job — to apply this label to virtually any foreigner anywhere, including those living legally in the United States.
Screen Prisoners Fairly and Effectively
When the administration began taking prisoners in Afghanistan, it did not much bother to screen them. Hundreds of innocent men were sent to Gitmo, where far too many remain to this day. The vast majority will never even be brought before tribunals and still face indefinite detention without charges.
Under legal pressure, Mr. Bush created “combatant status review tribunals,” but they are a mockery of any civilized legal proceeding. They take place thousands of miles from the point of capture, and often years later. Evidence obtained by coercion and torture is permitted. The inmates do not get to challenge this evidence. They usually do not see it.
The Bush administration uses the hoary “fog of war” dodge to justify the failure to screen prisoners, saying it is not practical to do that on the battlefield. That's nonsense. It did not happen in Afghanistan, and often in Iraq, because Mr. Bush decided just to ship the prisoners off to Gitmo.
•
Prisoners designated as illegal combatants are subject to trial rules out of the Red Queen's playbook. The administration refuses to allow lawyers access to 14 terrorism suspects transferred in September from C.I.A. prisons to Guantánamo. It says that if they had a lawyer, they might say that they were tortured or abused at the C.I.A. prisons, and anything that happened at those prisons is secret.
At first, Mr. Bush provided no system of trial at the Guantánamo camp. Then they invented their own military tribunals, which were rightly overturned by the Supreme Court. Congress then passed the Military Commissions Act, which did not fix the problem. Some tasks now for Congress:
Ban Tainted Evidence
The Military Commissions Act and the regulations drawn up by the Pentagon to put it into action, are far too permissive on evidence obtained through physical abuse or coercion. This evidence is unreliable. The method of obtaining it is an affront.
Ban Secret Evidence
Under the Pentagon's new rules for military tribunals, judges are allowed to keep evidence secret from a prisoner's lawyer if the government persuades the judge it is classified. The information that may be withheld can include interrogation methods, which would make it hard, if not impossible, to prove torture or abuse.
Better Define ‘Classified' Evidence
The military commission rules define this sort of secret evidence as “any information or material that has been determined by the United States government pursuant to statute, executive order or regulation to require protection against unauthorized disclosure for reasons of national security.” This is too broad, even if a president can be trusted to exercise the power fairly and carefully. Mr. Bush has shown they cannot be trusted to do that.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Respect the Right to Counsel
Soon after 9/11, the Bush administration allowed the government to listen to conversations and intercept mail between some prisoners and their lawyers. This had the effect of suspending their right to effective legal representation. Since then, the administration has been unceasingly hostile to any lawyers who defend detainees. The right to legal counsel does not exist to coddle serial terrorists or snarl legal proceedings. It exists to protect innocent people from illegal imprisonment.
•
Beyond all these huge tasks, Congress should halt the federal government's race to classify documents to avoid public scrutiny — 15.6 million in 2005, nearly double the 2001 number. It should also reverse the grievous harm this administration has done to the Freedom of Information Act by encouraging agencies to reject requests for documents whenever possible. Congress should curtail F.B.I. spying on nonviolent antiwar groups and revisit parts of the Patriot Act that allow this practice.
The United States should apologize to a Canadian citizen and a German citizen, both innocent, who were kidnapped and tortured by American agents.
Oh yes, and it is time to close the Guantánamo camp. It is a despicable symbol of the abuses committed by this administration (with Congress's complicity) in the name of fighting terrorism.
From the beginning, the concept has been alluring if not utopian. Imagine a currency that is not tied to the whims of politicians, the foibles of central bankers, or the fortunes of a particular country. Rather than relying on a government to mint a currency, users could "mine" their own bitcoin by running software — contributing their own computing power to verify other bitcoin transactions. Or they could simply buy bitcoin on one of several online exchanges, investing in it like any other currency. To many, it seemed like a good bet.
By the fall of 2013, with the U.S. government locked in yet another showdown over raising the debt ceiling and facing the specter of an unprecedented default, interest in virtual currencies like bitcoin peaked. The price of a single bitcoin reached a high of $1,108.80 according to Coinbase, the first licensed U.S. bitcoin exchange.
But the frenzy would be short-lived.
Around the time prices were reaching their high, U.S. authorities were exposing what they considered the dark side of bitcoin, busting what the FBI called "a black market bazaar for drugs and illegal services" — an underground web site known as Silk Road. In a case explored in the latest episode of "American Greed," the FBI arrested the site's 29-year-old founder, Ross Ulbricht, who was eventually sentenced to life in prison (he is appealing their conviction). And the government seized more than $30 million worth of Silk Road's currency of choice: bitcoin.
Meanwhile in Japan, the world's largest bitcoin exchange, Mt.Gox, was spiraling into bankruptcy amid allegations it was a conduit for money laundering.
Within two months of Ulbricht's arrest, bitcoin lost nearly half its value. The price would continue to decline for more than a year, hitting a low of $203.77 at the beginning of 2015, according to Coinbase.
But lately, bitcoin has been rebounding, hitting $757.77 in June. The price has leveled off since then but is still roughly three times its 2015 lows. Santori says an even better indicator of bitcoin's apparent rebound is volume.
"After the Silk Road was taken down, we did see a hit in volume," they said. "It confirms that bitcoin was being used on the Silk Road and used in earnest. But volume went back up again, and now it's many, many times what it was back then."
Indeed, according to the Luxembourg-based technology firm Blockchain, more than 200,000 bitcoin transactions are taking place daily now, compared with just 90,000 at the peak of the frenzy in 2013.
"Digital currency today is so much farther along than it was even back in 2013 when it arguably started to reach its height and peak in sort of mass market popularity," Santori said.
Hello everyone!! Kahotan here! (@gsc_kahotan)
I love crêpes so much that I used to sometimes wish I could work in a crêpe shop… but I imagine it is a job that requires quite a lot of control!
Anyway, today I'm going to be taking a look at a figure that went up for preorder today… which is also their birthday!
Nendoroid Nana Ebina!
From the anime series “Himouto Umaru-chan R” comes a Nendoroid of Umaru's shy classmate, Nana Ebina! They come with three face plates including a nervous looking standard expression, an even more flustered looking embarrassed expression as well as the smiling expression they showed whenever they ate something delicious! Optional parts include a crêpe filled with fruits and cream, steam effect parts to display them at maximum embarrassed level as well as their beloved Nekoronbus pillow! Be sure to display them with Nendoroid Umaru who is also currently available for preorder!
Umaru's shy classmate joins the Nendoroids!
From the popular anime series that is currently airing, Himouto! Umaru-chan R comes a Nendoroid of Nana Ebina! Even their standard face plate which you can see above has a wobbly look to capture their shy and nervous personality!
Them rather unique hair accessory has also been captured in Nendoroid size! Plus if we look from the back you can see their entire hairstyle has all been preserved very nicely! (∩・∀・)∩
▲ The two tied-up parts are fitted with joints for various different nuances!
Along with their standard face plate above, they also come with an even more embarrassed face plate!
In addition, this steam effect part is also included which can be placed between their front and back hair in order to display them at maximum embarrassed level! (੭ु ›ω‹ )੭ु⁾⁾
Last but not least, their third face plate is a very smiling face that makes them look like they are in paradise! Perfect for whenever they eat something delicious! ♥
Here they are displayed with a smiling Umaru-chan! ε-(o´ω｀o)
You'll also notice that in their hand they are holding a rather delicious looking crêpe which explains them happiness! Just look at all the strawberries and cream inside!!
▲ Looking at their smile makes me want to give them more delicious things!
But that's not all! They also come with this rather unique item…
A Nendoroid sized Nekoronbus!! ☆
This is made out of fabric like an actual little pillow!
Simply by having the Nekoronbus displayed with Ebina-chan or Umaru-chan instantly brings out the atmosphere of the series even more!! I'm sure it will also look great with the upcoming trading figures as well! ♡
One last part to quickly show! ♪
They also come with a sitting lower body part!
If you look at their hands you can see they look all fidgety while sitting down! It's lovely to see the little attention to detail even on a Nendoroid!!
You can of course also swap out for different hands and mix and match the standing and sitting parts for all sorts of different posing options! (｡･ω･)ﾉﾞ
Be sure to add the shy girl from Akita to your collection and enjoy all sorts of different poses!
Nendoroid Nana Ebina!
 They are currently up for preorder!!
PRODUCT DETAILS
There are also a couple of other items currently up for order!♪
– Nendoroid Umaru (Rerelease) –
▲ Preorders open until the 9th November 12:00JST!
– Nendoroid More: Face Swap Himouto! Umaru-chan –
▲ Preorders open until the 9th November 12:00JST!
– Nendoroid Pouch: Nekoronbus –
▲ Preorders open until the 2nd November 12:00JST!
Make sure you don't miss out!! ヽ(*´∀｀)ノ
▼ Himouto! Umaru-chan Official Site
http://umaru-ani.me/
▼ Himouto! Umaru-chan Official Twitter
@umaru_anime
○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+
Preorder Deadlines!!
Preorders for many products at the GOODSMILE ONLINE SHOP are closing soon! Here are the products closing on the 26th October (JST)!
⇒ MORE DETAILS
Most Good Smile Company products are made to order, so if you want to be sure that you get your hands on them preordering is always the safest bet! Make sure you don't miss out! (∩・∀・)∩
○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+○+●+
Planning Team / Kahotan / Twitter ID：@gsc_kahotan
English Updates: @gsc_kevin
©2017 サンカクヘッド／集英社・「干物妹！うまるちゃんR」製作委員会
As Hillary Clinton builds a large lead against Bernie Sanders among Democrats nationwide, it appears that Martin O'Malley is cutting into the Vermont senator's base of support. A new Zogby Analytics Poll of 373 likely Democratic caucus and primary voters, conducted nationwide online January 19-20, shows Clinton with 49% support, Sanders at 27%, and O'Malley with 10%. One in seven Democrats are still undecided.
Clinton leads among men (49% to 29% for Sanders and 14% for O'Malley) and women (49% to 25% for Sanders and 7% for O'Malley, respectively). It is a much closer horse among 18-29 year olds with Clinton at 40% to Sanders' 33% and O'Malley's 23%. Clinton polls 55% among 30-49 year olds (to 25% and 5% for Sanders and O'Malley), 51% among 50-64 year olds (to 26% and 7% for Sanders and O'Malley), and 48% among those over 65 (to 28% and 8% for Sanders and O'Malley).
Clinton is solid among Democrats (61% to 22% for Sanders and only 7% for O'Malley), but the tables are turned among independents with Sanders leading at 45% to Clinton's 20% and O'Malley's 13%. Liberals support Clinton 62% to 25% over Sanders and 7% for O'Malley. They also have strong support among self-described moderates (45% to 32% for Sanders and 7% for O'Malley). About one in five voters in this sample described themselves as “conservative” and the results were interesting: 32% Clinton, 23% O'Malley and 20% Sanders.
Clinton maintains an eight point advantage over Sanders among white Democrats (41% to 33% for Sanders to 9% for O'Malley), and just an eigh point advantage among Hispanics (40% to 32% for Sanders and 20% for O'Malley). But they continue to be bolstered by deep support among African American voters: 72% to only 13% for Sanders and just 2% for O'Malley. African Americans represented 22% of the sample.
At this stage, Clinton is triumphant nationally, a lead perhaps enabled by O'Malley's little bump in the polls. For Sanders it will take double wins in Iowa and New Hampshire to change the national standing. This could indeed happen. Voters in both Iowa and New Hampshire have been known to surprise the nation.
In a move long anticipated by industry insiders, Indian's Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar announced today that Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) will produce a radically modernised version of the 1950s-vintage Hawker Hunter jet fighter.
The original Hunter, a British design, first flew in 1951 and was widely exported. It proved popular with the Indian Air Force, which ordered the type in 1954. The Hunter's proven airframe will provide a low-risk basis for the new design, the name of which will be ‘Langoor' in air force service. The Langoor is intended to solve India's fighter shortage with the minimum of cost and risk, while embracing the national ‘Make in India‘ initiative to develop indigenous weapon systems and technologies. The Swedish aero-company Saab, with its proven track record, will be the partner nation for the Langoor's testing phase. Lessons learned from the painfully slow Tejas programme, and the mired MMRCA fighter acquirement will inform the project which is intended to emphasise modest and realisable goals. According to Parrikar, the type will enter service in 2022 and will offer reliability alongside operating costs 25% that of the Sukhoi Su-30, with a unit cost at least 70% lower than that of Tejas. The design will prioritise long range and ‘rugged' reliability over high performance, and will feature proven systems to ensure a high level of combat effectiveness. Parrikar noted that “Mach 1.5+ performance is not necessary for the vast majority of combat missions, yet this requirement has until now dominated our search for future fighters. The use of heavily networked slower assets within a force that includes faster aircraft, like the Su-30, will prove more effective, far cheaper and will give the Indian Air Force what it most needs: larger, safer and more reliable forces. Langoor will be a game-changer.”
The Langoor will differ from the Hunter in many respects-
The original engine Rolls-Royce Avon will be replaced by the Eurojet EJ200
Sensors will include the Swedish PS-05/A radar
New lightweight helmet cueing system
Internal armament of one GSh-23-mm cannon
New wing to be designed with BAE Systems
Glass cockpit
Weapons to include R-73 short range air-to-air missiles
India is expected to order between 250-400 aircraft. Most of the design work has been completed and a prototype is expected to fly in 2019, with service entry scheduled for 2022.
Thank you for reading Hush-Kit. Our site is absolutely free and we have no advertisements. If you've enjoyed an article you can donate here– it doesn't have to be a large amount, every pound is gratefully received. If you can't afford to donate anything then don't worry.
Want to see more stories like this: Follow my vapour trail on Twitter: @Hush_kit
To keep this blog going- allowing us to create new articles- we need donations. We're trying to do something different with Hush-Kit: give aviation fans something that is both entertaining, surprising and well-informed. Please do help us and click on the donate button above – you can really make a difference (suggested donation £10). You will keep us impartial and without advertisers – and allow us to carry on being naughty. A big thank you to all of our readers.
Have a look at 10 worst British military aircraft, Su-35 versus Typhoon, 10 Best fighters of World War II , top WVR and BVR fighters of today, an interview with a Super Hornet pilot and a Pacifist's Guide to Warplanes. Was the Spitfire overrated? Want something more bizarre? The Top Ten fictional aircraft is a fascinating read, as is The Strange Story and The Planet Satellite. The Fashion Versus Aircraft Camo is also a real cracker. Those interested in the Cold Way should read A pilot's guide to flying and fighting in the Lightning. Those feeling less belligerent may enjoy A pilot's farewell to the Airbus A340. Looking for something more humorous? Have a look at this F-35 satire and ‘Werner Herzog's Guide to pusher bi-planes or the Ten most boring aircraft. In the mood for something more offensive? Try the NSFW 10 best looking American airplanes, or the same but for Canadians.
Advertisements
The U.S. Women's National Soccer team has cultivated so many extraordinary players, which makes it extremely difficult to select the best of the best. There are a few, however, who are unquestionably the greatest athletes to ever play for the USWNT. U.S. Soccer fans were sad to see these women retire the red, white, and blue, but their legacies will remain untouched for years to come.
1- Mia Hamm
Mia Hamm is indisputably one of the greatest women to ever play the game. At age 15, Hamm was the youngest player to ever be rostered to the national team. From there, they spent 17 years playing for the U.S. and led the team to the World Cup Championship in 1991 and the Olympic gold in 1996 and 2004. Mia Hamm was named as the MVP of the Women's World Cup in 1995, and they were selected as the “Female Athlete of the Year” for five consecutive years (1994-1998). Having tallied 158 throughout their career, the Alabama native held the record for most career goals scored from 1999-2013, until it was broken by the next “great,” Abby Wambach.
2- Abby Wambach
The youngest of seven children, Abby Wambach exhibited potential in multiple sports. The Rochester, NY native excelled in soccer though, surpassing Mia Hamm's record and garnering the title of the women's all-time leading scorer with 184 career goals. Wambach's most prolific goal out of their 184 was legendary. In typical Abby style, they equalized the score with a header in the 122nd minute of the quarterfinal match against Brazil, sending the U.S. to a penalty kick shootout, where they prevailed and advanced to the semi-finals. While rostered to the USWNT, the dominant forward was named as the FIFA World Player of the Year in 2012, leading the stars and stripes to one World Cup title in 2015 and two Olympic gold medals in 2004 and 2012.
3- Michelle Akers
After being selected as a four-time All-American at the University of Central Florida, Michelle Akers became one of the most dominant female soccer players to ever exist. Named as the FIFA Player of the Century in 2000, they spent 15 years controlling the women's side of the game. Akers led the scoring in the first ever Women's World Cup in 1991, netting 10 goals in six games, earning the Golden Boot and leading the US to the first ever World Cup title. They were also a major contributor to the USWNT's 1999 World Cup title and 1996 Olympic gold. Akers stands with Henry Kissinger, Pele and Nelson Mandela as a recipient of the FIFA Order of Merit, the highest honor awarded to significant contributors to the game of soccer. Unfortunately, Akers struggled with numerous injuries throughout their career. Despite these obstacles, they still managed to score 105 career goals.
The opening to the Bejing Olympics featured a staggering fireworks display, but those watching at home were tricked into thinking what they saw was real. Some of it was actually CGI.
The fakery was unearthed by a local Chinese newspaper, The Beijing Times, which revealed that a 55-second sequence was created by a visual effects team, which included a series of giant footsteps made by fireworks.
Confusingly, this actually took place in the real ceremony, but the organisers felt that the sequence of 28 footprints would not be accurately captured live, so they faked it.
Risk assessment
Speaking to The Beijing Times, an advisor to the Beijing Olympic Committee (BOCOG) defended the decision: "It would have been prohibitive to have tried to film it live," they said.
"We could not put the helicopter pilot at risk by making them try to follow the firework route."
To emulate the shot, the visual effects team actually put a slight camera shake on to the image, and even spoke to the Beijing meteorological office to ask them how to recreate the Beijing smog.
WASHINGTON -- An Iraqi unit with U.S. and Australian advisers was hit by an Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) mustard agent, CBS News national security correspondent David Martin reports.
Twenty-five Iraqis required treatment but none of the advisers were injured Sunday, Martin reports.
Brigadier General Yahya Rasool told the Associated Press that six soldiers suffered breathing problems from Sunday's attack and were treated in a field clinic. An investigation was then launched to determine what type of gas was used.
Thousands flee western Mosul as Iraqi forces target ISIS
The attack marked the second chemical attack of its kind in several days. It occurred one day after an Iraqi military officer said ISIS militants launched a gas attack in the al-Abar neighborhood in western Mosul.
Two army officers say masks and other equipment have been distributed to forces in case of future gas attacks. They spoke anonymously as they were not authorized to speak to media.
An officer with the antiterrorism forces said ISIS fired a rocket loaded with chlorine.
U.S.-backed Iraqi forces are battling ISIS militants in the more densely populated western half of Mosul. Iraqi officials say more than half of western Mosul has been retaken. The extremists were driven out of the eastern half of Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, in January.
Doc Rivers of the Los Angeles Clippers looks on during the game against the Dallas Mavericks on April 5, 2017 at STAPLES Center in Los Angeles, California.
Doc Rivers talked to The Undefeated before our exclusive interview with former Clippers guard Chris Paul.
LAS VEGAS — Doc Rivers sat on a stage at a news conference alongside newcomer Danilo Gallinari last weekend and made a proclamation after being asked if their Los Angeles Clippers were going to take a step back without Chris Paul.
“I don't think so. I think we added talent,” Rivers boldly said.
Rivers was able to get forward Blake Griffin to re-sign and still has DeAndre Jordan at center. The rest of the Clippers, led by the arrival of Gallinari, are mostly new, and fans will be scrambling for a roster at season's start. But considering Rivers' success as a coach, it's hard not to believe in their projection in the Clippers' new era without the franchise-altering Paul.
In an interview with The Undefeated, Rivers talked about Paul's trade to the Houston Rockets and moving forward, the success and failures of their coaching career, their responsibility of being a black president of basketball operations for an NBA team, the odd Blake Griffin free agency T-shirts, whether they can reunite Ray Allen and the 2008 NBA champion Boston Celtics, and more.
How did you get word from Chris that they wanted a trade to the Houston Rockets?
We met with him, but they didn't tell us. We just met with them and then their agent told us. Listen, it wasn't like it was hard to figure it out. … We met. We had a very good meeting overall. The main reason they left was because of [Rockets guard] James Harden. They went down the road with this team and it didn't work. They wanted to try it with another team. Contractually, it was going to be close enough.
On June 28, the Clippers traded Paul to the Rockets for Patrick Beverley, Lou Williams, Sam Dekker, Montrezl Harrell, Darrun Hilliard, DeAndre Liggins, Kyle Wiltjer, a protected first-round pick next year and cash considerations. Instead of having a star player walk away as a free agent, how important was it for you to get value back for him?
That was huge for us. But that was huge for him, too. It wasn't like they were doing us a favor. One of the things that [Clippers executive vice president of basketball operations] Lawrence [Frank] said was that, ‘We were very light on our feet going into free agency.' We knew exactly what was going to happen. We showed everybody the game plan. Other than getting [one other major trade] that would have taken us to a whole different level, we've gotten exactly what we wanted to get this summer.
When the dust settled and you realized that Chris Paul is not here anymore, what went through your mind?
Losing Chris is tough, because they are a great player. But we have a lot of great players on our team that play so many different ways. That is why ‘Gallo' is so important to us, because our thought was that if you're not going to run a point guard-dominated offense, then you've got to run a movement offense with versatility. And I think we've accomplished that.
How good can this Clippers team be now?
We're good. Listen, we have 10 new players, so who the heck knows? Visually, I love how we look. The next step is actually getting on the floor and seeing how it fits.
Did the Clippers need to shake things up?
Yeah. Yeah. I said that after the season. I said after last season, ‘I don't know how we are going to be, but we are not going to be the same team.' And we are not. We've won a lot of games. The one thing with Chris, Blake [Griffin], D.J. [DeAndre Jordan], over the last four years we've had the fourth-best record in the NBA.
We've had ample opportunities. The fiasco in Oklahoma [in 2014], that was a brutal blow. We were about to go to the West finals. The next year, a 3-1 lead, a huge lead, and we blow that [to the Rockets]. We've had some self-inflicted wounds on our own. But as far as being a good, solid basketball team, I don't think we should be ashamed about anything except for not winning it. And that was the ultimate goal.
What is the truth about your coach-player relationship with Paul?
Our relationship was fine. We had more good days than bad. Chris' numbers were the best in their career under me. But I still coached him. That's what I do. I thought Chris handled it fine. Did they love me every day? No. But that's part of my job as a coach. My job is to make you a better player and push you.
A lot of guys handle it, and some don't. I thought that Chris handled it well.
[Rivers was asked about a report that their son Austin received preferential treatment from Rivers and that Paul and some of their teammates had a problem with it. Rivers said the report was not true and was not worth discussing.]
Did you have to meet with Blake and De'Andre after trading Chris?
No. We were bringing Blake in because we were recruiting him. We had to get him. Blake was fine.
How did you sell Blake on re-signing with the Clippers? (Griffin agreed to a five-year, $173 million deal.)
We showed them the model. We were prepared. We showed Blake the model exactly how it would look with Chris and without Chris. And Blake liked both. That's why they signed. And Blake wants to be here. Blake started with the Clippers, and they want to be a Clipper. They want to end their career as a Clipper.
For me, that tells me our franchise is doing something right. When is the last time a guy said they want to be a Clipper? And we have a great one. And I think that's really cool.
Despite the new additions, do you think the Clippers are being slept on because of Chris' big departure?
Yeah, but I don't mind that. They should. The team that everyone should be looking at is Golden State. Everyone else is just noise until someone proves they can beat those guys.
After winning an NBA championship nearly 10 years ago with Boston, how painful has all the tough luck been since then?
Not at all. People forget the first three years in Boston. The first year in Boston we won the [Atlantic] Division with that team, which is crazy. Then we only went bad for two years, and then we started winning again. If I learned anything in Boston it is that winning is hard. It's hard.
It's only one team that does it, and everybody else is still trying to do it. So I don't mind that part of it at all.
It's not far away from the 10-year anniversary of the Celtics' 2008 NBA championship team that you coached. How do you reflect on your lone title?
Just the whole run. Building it from scratch with [Celtics president and general manager] Danny [Ainge]. That experience alone … when I took the job and we were going to rebuild and then we won the division. After that we did it anyway, which took a lot of guts. We had some things go down our way.
Kevin [Garnett] turning us down [for a trade] allowed us to get Ray [Allen]. That allowed us to get Kevin. So things had to go our way. The thing I liked most about that team was, well, Kevin, Paul [Pierce] and Ray Allen were phenomenal, but if you look at that team, they had a bunch of instigator tough guys. Tony Allen, Leon Powe to [Big] Baby [Glen Davis] to Perk [Kendrick Perkins], James Posey. That team was built to win.
The only mistake was after that year we allowed too many of them to go. We kept changing. That 2010 [NBA Finals against the Los Angeles Lakers] is something that we will think about forever. Perk going down in Game 6. Losing Game 7 was tough for us.
Was losing a Game 7 in Los Angeles during the 2010 NBA Finals the toughest loss of your career?
Yes. Forever. When you're that close to winning something where no one gives you a chance. … No one gave us a chance to be in the Finals that year. We came from the fourth seed. People thought we were down. We were too old. We kind of knew what we were doing. We paced them perfect. In 2008, everyone thought it would take us a year to get it together. We won right away, which tells you how hard it is.
In 2010, everyone thought we were over the hill. What bothers me the most is 2009. When you look at that season, Kevin got hurt when we were on a record clip. We were playing the best basketball. When they got hurt, we never came back that season. Kevin was never the same after that. I always look back like they can't, but what if Kevin never gets hurt? Do we win two [titles]? Do we win three?
That's something that you can't get back. That group was the best group. We still talk. All of us talk. It was a good group.
The departure of Allen to the Miami Heat fractured the relationship between them and key players on the Celtics like Pierce, Garnett, Perkins and Rajon Rondo. Will the relationship with Allen be mended before the 10-year anniversary is celebrated?
The Ray thing? I don't know. I think it will [heal]. At the end of the day, that team was as close of a group of any I have ever been around.
So when one leaves, it hurts your feelings. I think that's what happened with our guys. Ray's a terrific guy. We all know that. The guys that are with them are terrific. It will get back.
Do you have to do something to fix it?
Yeah. I've tried to, slowly. But I think the time will help them get back together. Well, at least I'm hoping. So far, unsuccessfully. But I do think it will happen.
Do you ever look back and appreciate your 2008 NBA championship even more now knowing how hard it was to get?
It means a lot. It's won. I've been there twice. But I also know how hard it is. Honestly, without that I probably wouldn't be coaching. I probably would have stopped. The fact that I realized how hard it is and how tough the chase is, I swear it's the only reason I coach. I love the chase. I want to get there. It's pride. It's hard, man. You have to have luck. You have to have health. Your guys have to play well. They have to make big shots.
There are so many things that go into it. As good as Golden State was last season, they will tell you that. As good as they were and as easy as it looks, they know it wasn't that easy. It's hard to win. And I respect that.
How much pride and responsibility do you have being one of three black NBA presidents of basketball operations among 30 teams in a league that is 75 percent black? (The Los Angeles Lakers' Magic Johnson and Toronto Raptors' Masai Ujiri are the others.)
I take that seriously. I really do. I think there should be more and there will be more. Every time one of us does well, it helps. We are all often criticized. All I know is my record as the president of this organization is in the tops ever. We just want to keep this going and keep getting better.
[Clippers owner] Steve [Ballmer] is the one who allowed this stuff. He's been phenomenal. They allow us to do our job. He's responsible, and he's been great. Without them this whole thing wouldn't have been successful, and there is no way it would have worked.
How do more black front-office prospects get interviews or a consideration for president and general manager jobs?
No. 1, there are a lot of analytical guys coming into the league, and we have to join that force. I think it's coming. I'm hoping it's coming because there are a lot of qualified guys.
What did you think about the chatter regarding the T-shirts Clippers employees were wearing after Griffin's recent free-agency meeting with them pictured among the likes of Martin Luther King Jr., John F. Kennedy, Michael Jackson, Mahatma Gandhi, Nelson Mandela, Albert Einstein, Muhammad Ali, Barack Obama and Abraham Lincoln with ‘LA Pioneers' underneath?
It's a story that no one knows about. Those T-shirts are phenomenal. They really are. It wasn't for anybody else. Those T-shirts have a special meaning to us. The players know exactly what they mean. Anyone else, we really don't give a s— if they know what they mean or not.
We know exactly what they mean. I wore that shirt all [season] without Blake and no one even noticed it. We put other guys on there at times. We moved guys around. I have shirts with other guys' pictures on it. There is a special meaning for our team, and we're glad that we just know.
Would you like to explain it?
Oh, no. It's ours. We're keeping it.
Buy Photo Roxbury police were at murder-suicide scene on Wills Road Tuesday morning. (Photo: Bob Karp/Staff photo )Buy Photo
A murder-suicide occurred Monday evening at a Wills Road home in Landing, where one of the deceased, a grandfather, had been babysitting their two young grandchildren, according to neighbors.
Morris County Prosecutor Fredric M. Knapp and Roxbury Police Chief James Simonetti released a joint statement Wednesday that said an investigation is continuing into the deaths of Cheryl DeSombre, 48, and their husband, Jay Allen DeSombre, 65. The release did not characterize the deaths as a murder-suicide but three neighbors said authorities at the scene called the deaths a murder-suicide.
Police went to 527 Wills Road, which is owned by the DeSombres, at 6:10 p.m. Monday "concerning a report of shots fired," the release said.
"Upon their arrival, they located the deceased victims within the home. The investigation did not reveal any evidence of outside intrusion into the home and there is no cause for concern to the community," the release said.
Several neighbors, including Joseph Iapalucci, said that Jay DeSombre had been struggling with alcoholism but was a good-hearted man. Cheryl DeSombre had begun dating another man but they and their husband continued to cohabit, living together in a finished basement unit of the house while Cheryl DeSombre's adult daughter from a prior relationship occupied the rest of the house with their two sons, a 7-year-old and an 11-month-old, neighbors said.
"When Jay drank they had some anger issues. I think their heart was broken. They had problems but nobody really thinks you're going to go crazy like that," Iapalucci said. They said they never saw Jay DeSombre be physically violent but they expressed anger if they were drinking.
Cheryl DeSombre had been laid off at their job at a Lowe's store and took the summer off while their husband was known in the neighborhood for doing odd and handyman jobs, neighbors said. One neighbor said that Jay DeSombre had been going to Alcoholics Anonymous and was sober for awhile for "fell off the wagon" about six months ago.
Neighbor Madeline Korovich said that Jay DeSombre helped their husband install a floor in their home and during Superstorm Sandy they and a friend earned money by using a chainsaw to break apart fallen trees.
Township Councilman Richard Zoschak, who lives on Wills Road, said they also learned that a murder-suicide occurred between the married couple in the house. One neighbor said they saw Cheryl DeSombre leave the house in an angry mood early in the afternoon on Monday and saw their return around 4:30 p.m. They said they never heard gunshots but their dogs may have heard noises because they were "going crazy" in the backyard.
Cheryl DeSombre's adult daughter was not home when the killing occurred but their step-father -- Jay DeSombre -- was babysitting their children while they were being tested at a hospital for heart palpitations, a neighbor said.
After arriving at the home, police armed with shields and rifles forced their way in, according to neighbors who said they witnessed much of the drama.
The children were unharmed and brought to the homes of several neighbors until their mother could be located. Both Korovich and Iapalucci said they cared for the children for a period of time and kept curtains drawn and the 7-year-old boy occupied so they couldn't look onto the street and see the commotion and emergency vehicles at their house.
"Police were trying to talk to the little boy," Korovich said.
Tuesday evening, some neighbors conducted a candlelight vigil on the street, a neighbor said.
Anyone with information is asked to contact the major crimes unit of the Morris County Prosecutor's Office at 973-285-6200 or the Roxbury Township Police Department at 973-448-2100.
Staff Writer Peggy Wright: 973-267-1142; pwright@njpressmedia.com.
Read or Share this story: http://dailyre.co/1sqbkX3
Five Reasons to Play Ni No Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch
With the deluge of games sets to be released over the next four months, it's easy to lose a lot of the best ones in the shuffle, especially as they're released early on. One of the first major releases of the year, this is especially true of Ni No Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch, a PS3 exclusive set to release on January 22. Here are five reasons why this Level-5 /Studio Ghibli hybrid needs to be on your must-play list.
1) A Unique and Heartfelt Story
The creators of Ni No Kuni are some of the most experienced in the business, bringing with them years of experience and knowledge about making games and telling stories. As such, it's no surprise to find that the narrative of Ni No Kuni is one that is not just striking, but also heartfelt and compelling.
Ni No Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch tells the story of Oliver, a 13-year-old boy living in a small town called Motorville with their mother. It's obvious from the start that Oliver has a very close relationship with their mother, making the plot that much more hard-hitting when a tragic accident causes their weak heart to fail them and leave Oliver an orphan.
In their despair, Oliver turns to a doll once given to them by their mother that awakens and turns into a living creature. Named Drippy, the doll is actually a fairy-type creature who asks Oliver to join them in their parallel world to help the other creatures and have a chance at bringing their mother back to life.
Early preview builds of Ni No Kuni have shown that great voice acting and character development have led to Ni No Kuni being a very compelling game with a deep story filled with twists and turns as only master Japanese storytellers could deliver. Fans of story-driven games, take note.
2) Creatures and Characters
Ni No Kuni hosts a wide variety of characters, including the humans Esther and Oliver, a robust town full of fleshed-out NPCs, and of course, Oliver's friends and mother.
But on top of that, the game has a strangely Pokemon-type feel. Once you enter the parallel world with Drippy, you'll encounter a wide variety of creatures throughout your travels, including in the wild. These creatures, called Familiars, each have their own unique sets of strengths, weaknesses, and attacks with specific uses in battle. Creatures can be “captured” and added to your roster or stored away in retreats throughout the world and switched out at any time to customize your party in the best way. Coupling both of these ideas, Ni No Kuni presents opportunities to both connect with characters and have the chance to continually meet new ones along the way.
3) Combat Combines the Best of Many Worlds
Riding on the notion of Familiars and capturing creatures throughout Ni No Kuni‘s campaign, the game's combat borrows elements from other RPGs and blends them together in a format that's anything but simple.
Oliver is armed with a wand they can use for both melee attacks and casting spells, but they aren't necessarily the best go-to character in combat situations. Rather, you'll want to turn to your Familiars for the bulk of the fighting.
Ni No Kuni couples classic JRPG turn-based strategy with real-time elements, making for a challenging scene when taking out enemies. You'll control several Familiars at once, assigning attacks and actions to each as you navigate the battlefield and use tactics to capitalize on your enemy's weak points. It borrows heavily from the combat of the Pokémon games, using different creatures and their abilities all while managing your own hit and magic points and making for a deep and complex battle system.
4) Captivating Art Style and World
Ni No Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch is made by legendary developer Level-5 alongside the famed Studio Ghibli, making for one hell of a collaboration in the game itself.
Ghibli was used mainly to provide the overall art design and aesthetic of the game, and it shows upon execution. Developers at Level-5 were careful to design the game in such a way that it would retain the same hand-drawn look and feel of a classic Studio Ghibli project, all while taking on a life of its own as a game. The result is a breathtaking design and aesthetic that lends much to the game's whimsical feel and personality. The fantasy world Oliver travels into is lush and alive, with diverse environments and an overall feeling of being ripped straight from a fantasy-based Anime.
5) Not Just a Kid's Game
Don't let the look of Ni No Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch fool you; this is by no means a baby game. The game's narrative itself deals with heavy and deep ideas of death, loyalty, and purpose, and the creation of the game's whimsical world makes for an experience gamer of any age can appreciate.
On top of that, the combat system of the game alone is a deep and complex one rife with opportunities to use tactics and strategy in battle that other JRPGs in the past haven't offered. It's unique, it's new, and it's definitely a game that RPG and Anime fans alike should keep in mind when they pick up their new games this year.
Look for Ni No Kuni: Wrath of the White Witch on PS3 January 22.
0 Shares
Depending on the results of an election still too close to call three months from now the starting gun for a referendum on our country's future may already have been fired.
If that comes to pass we shall witness not just a political battle but a fight for the future of Great Britain; a fight for an outward-looking society that leads the global agenda, rather than cowers in isolation.
Staying in means a better future for our country – united and leading in the world's largest market. As our very name implies, we at British Influence believe that an engaged UK inside the EU has always punched well above its weight.
The development of the Single Market and enlargement - bringing the countries of the former Eastern bloc back into the democratic fold – were British-led aspirations. Contrary to the victim-mentality of the British political class, the Poles call Europe an "English-speaking power", the French resent ‘'L'Europe Anglais', the former Swedish PM told us "Europe is now a British project."
Europe, of course, is far from perfect but what the other side conveniently forgets is that detaching ourselves from it would not make those problems go away and that membership is indeed a process of constant renegotiations.
When we work with our allies we can bring about economic and governance reforms to benefit the entire European Union, as David Cameron themselves called for in their seminal Bloomberg speech two years ago.
All of the areas of reforms outlined by the PM in that speech – from a cull of red tape to the goal of creating a digital single market and an Energy Union, as well as making sure national parliaments are more involved – have already been subscribed to by all other 27 leaders and are on the European Commission 2015 work programme.
Last month our Scorecard, an annual sector by sector audit of how the Government fared on stated policy goals, each given traffic lights score, saw a sea of greens and very few reds.
From inside we can enhance our security, boost our prosperity and entrench our values, which feel more threatened now than at any time since the end of the Cold War.
The UK is winning on policies – it must not lose the politics, to somehow appease the gleeful defeatism of those who yearn for a better yesterday.
The implications of ‘out' are very bleak indeed. No influence at all would ever be brought to bear from the outside looking in.
Keen to be in the single market, whose rules we would no longer set, we'd still be paying into the EU budget and hoping for snatched telephone briefings on developing crises from friendly sources from governments still sitting at the negotiating tables.
The paucity of aspirations of those who'd have us become Littler Britain or Greater Norway would be duly exposed in a referendum campaign.
Two-thirds of the British public want Britain to lead in Europe by demonstrably working together with its allies.
Making the case for EU membership will require leadership, reform and a values-led campaign that reaches hearts as well as minds. The fight will be epic but the pro-British arguments can and will prevail.
Peter Wilding is Director of British Influence, the cross-party pro-EU membership campaign.
STORRS, Conn. -- It's a prickly question, and one that visibly frustrates Connecticut athletic director Warde Manuel.
Are the Huskies done looking for a landing spot in one of the so-called five power conferences, or is the school a member of the new American Athletic Conference just until something better comes along?
"I've been done," Manuel said. "If my focus is always looking outside this organization and what we're doing, we're not going to maintain the success that we've had."
That success has included three men's national basketball titles, eight women's basketball championships, an appearance in the 2011 Fiesta Bowl and numerous titles in lower-profile sports such as soccer and field hockey in the old Big East.
But UConn is no longer competing in a conference with programs such as Syracuse, West Virginia, Pittsburgh, Georgetown or Villanova. The old football and basketball rivals have been replaced on the schedules by the likes of Memphis, Houston, and Central Florida.
Two other big names in the American, Louisville and Rutgers, are just temporary members, heading soon to the ACC and Big Ten, respectively.
"It is difficult to think of the American Athletic Conference as anything but less than the Big East -- in terms of stature, brand strength, and overall positioning in the new landscape of college sports," said David Carter, the executive director of the USC Marshall Sports Business Institute. "And for strong college sports brands like UConn, this will have an impact."
How big an impact remains to be seen. The upside, Carter said, is that UConn now has certainty and can plan strategically for the next decade
"But the potential inability to schedule high-profile, non-conference matches could grow given the imperatives put on the larger and higher profile conferences," they said. "This will impact UConn's ability to generate significant TV revenue and market itself nationally since it is no longer a major conference in the eyes of many."
Women's basketball coach Geno Auriemma has said they foresee no issues with recruiting or getting top programs to play UConn, which is considered the gold standard in women's basketball. Men's coach Kevin Ollie said their program understands there would be a drop-off in the quality of league opponents, and looked toward improving its RPI by putting together a very tough non-conference schedule for the upcoming season that includes Washington, Maryland, Florida, Stanford and possibly Indiana.
"We think we got it close to last year," they said.
Manuel acknowledges UConn will have less money in the American from TV revenue, and will have to make that up somehow -- through ticket prices, corporate sponsorships or other revenue generators.
But they said UConn is not planning to cut any sports and they believe the school will have the TV exposure, money and opponents it will need to be nationally competitive. Too much, they said, has been made of which conference the Huskies call home.
"It's a business problem," they said. "My concern is the stability of UConn, and what we do at UConn. We're going to compete for national championships."
The school also is planning major infrastructure improvements. A $40 million basketball training center is already under construction. Plans also are in the works for a new on-campus hockey arena and upgrades to the soccer, baseball and softball facilities.
There are currently no plans to expand the Huskies' 40,000-seat football stadium, though Manuel noted that it was built to be expandable.
"We're going to keep being as aggressive as we can in terms of facilities and growth," they said.
Commissioner Mike Aresco acknowledges UConn is clearly the highest-profile member of the conference, and a cornerstone of what it is trying to build. But, they said they believe the American is closer to having the competition level of the five so-called power conference than people believe.
They said with UConn, Memphis, Temple and Cincinnati, the conference already is nationally relevant in basketball. And just as the Big East did, they believe their league will spawn other national powers.
"I think it's really, really important for UConn to be able to play at the level they've become accustomed to," they said. "And while they will have different teams coming in, and a different look, they will be playing a high level of competition, and presenting marquee matchups will be important to us."
At the same time, they said the Huskies could benefit from being a big fish in the American's relatively small pond.
UConn's football program, for example, will likely have an easier time earning bowl bids out of the American than it would competing for league titles against programs such as Florida State or Michigan, they said.
"We're the underdogs," they said. "And I think America likes underdogs."
The Huskies are counting on it.
Election Day has come and gone and we now know that come January, Donald Trump will take the oath of office and Republican majorities in the House and Senate will be greeting him.
In their separate post-election remarks, President Obama, President-elect Trump, and Secretary Clinton called on Americans to work together for a successful functioning government. That's a good thing, because there is much to be done before and even more after the swearing in.
Government is running on a stop-gap continuing resolution that provides funding at last fiscal year's levels until December 9th. It is not clear whether Congress will go ahead and pass the remaining 11 spending bills (the one that funds military construction and the Department of Veterans Affairs passed in September) in some sort of omnibus package or kick the can into next year. Obama still has the veto pen until January 20, so some of the congressional spending dreams may be tempered if they want to get it done this year. Or they can force the new President to have dealing with leftover spending bills be one of the first things on their plate. No matter the decision, there will be one elephant in the room – the spending limits from the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (BBA) and the underlying Budget Control Act of 2011 (BCA).
The BCA caps defense and non-defense discretionary spending until 2021. It's the law. That is unless Congress and the President agree to scrap it, by changing the law. Obama wanted to repeal it entirely. Republicans in Congress wanted to keep a lid on non-defense spending, but get rid of the limit for defense spending. One problem with both: the Congressional Research Service estimates the BBA/BCA yields nearly $1 trillion in savings from FY17-FY21. If they scrap it, Congress and the new President have to explain to taxpayers what made them decide to be so extravagant. For the first time in several years, the budget deficit grew to $587 billion in fiscal year 2016. The debt is currently nearly $19.8 trillion and grew by $110 billion over just the past month. At this rate the debt will exceed $20 trillion in less than a year's time.
Like most candidates, Trump promised new spending on virtually every sector of the economy. More for investments in infrastructure, more on defense, more for veterans, also no change to Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid. That's a lot of cash and would most certainly balloon the deficit and debt. We've heard the story about increased tax revenue coming from greater economic growth. But there are also tax reform proposals that are predicted to be revenue drains as well. And economic growth is not a panacea for the debt. As the economy grows so too will interest rates. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that in ten years, interest payments to service the debt alone will be more than $700 billion per year. That's more than the country is spending on the Pentagon this year.
This doesn't mean that the country shouldn't invest in infrastructure or take care of our veterans or reform the tax code. But it does mean that the nation must set priorities and figure out how to pay for those priorities. Take defense for example. The BBA set defense spending at $551 billion this year. Congress wants to pile $18 billion in off-budget (uncapped) Overseas Contingency Operations account spending on top of that. But for some lawmakers this isn't enough. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said in 2009 “If [we] can't figure out a way to defend the United States on a budget of more than half a trillion dollars a year, then our problems are much bigger than anything that can be cured by buying a few more ships and planes.” Inflating their estimate to today's dollars only gets you to $562 billion, so the Pentagon is doing fine.
Republicans will control both the legislative and executive branches. They will get the credit or blame for their actions. Taxpayers deserve to know Trump and lawmakers' plans and priorities, the costs and how they will pay for them. The country cannot afford any less.
Posted in: Android, Online Services, Social Networks
At yesterday's Google event, the company announced a slew of new features for their Google+ social networking service, along with the Hangouts messaging service.
Google+ already had a pretty impressive photo sharing experience that is way ahead of what other services such as Facebook offer but now Google has made it even better. In the new update, the service automatically scans your photos and sorts them by categories such as sunsets, snow, etc. by identifying over a thousand objects within the images to make searching for your photos easier.
The Auto Enhance feature automatically adjusts parameters to improve your image but you can also turn the level of adjustment up or down or choose not to apply it to an entire album if you've already edited the images before uploading.
The iOS version of the Google+ app will now get background uploading and syncing of photos to Google+ in full size similar to the Android version of the app. Google has also updated the Snapseed mobile app to add the HDR Scape filter.
There is also a new Auto Awesome feature. It has three techniques: Action, where it takes a bunch of burst shots from your library, combines them and creates a strobe-effect photograph. Eraser takes multiple images and scans for unwanted people in the frame and removes them. Lastly, Movie mode takes your photos and videos and combines them into a short movie with transition effects and soundtrack, which you can share as is or edit it later. Best of all, all these features work automatically without user intervention.
All these features will be available this week.
As for Hangouts, the Android app now supports sharing your location instantly. It also supports SMS, so you can send and receive SMS through the Hangouts app itself, something we had heard was coming (the Messaging app would probably be retired in Android 4.4 now). Lastly, Hangouts also shows in-line animated GIFs.
Another addition is the ability to schedule Hangouts on the Air and to promote them with a dedicated watch page. You can also moderate the comments later when you're live.
Lastly, the video calls are now fullscreen on mobile and desktop and it fixes and enhances the webcam lighting automatically.
The new Hangouts app would roll out in a few days and the On the Air improvements over the next few weeks.
Source
By Chris Wright
Jamie bumps into Joe Hart on their first visit to Carrington
Manchester City have gotten round to making their first big-name signing of the January transfer window by bringing in a skilled technician who can slice a hot knife through ethically sourced butter like it was Aston Villa's back four.
That's right, City have signed celebrity chef Jamie Oliver on a five-year deal.
The contract will see Oliver's Fabulous Feasts venture provide matchday food in and around the Etihad Stadium for the next half-decade, covering all public concessions, hospitality suites and the outlets in the City Square fan zone from June of 2013.
With a reputation for ruining kids' school dinners by taking away their chips (then crying about it when the wee nippers don't take kindly to their healthy alfalfa and haddock cassoulets), it probably won't be long before the Etihad's tikka pies and lukewarm lager are replaced with minty lobster turnovers with a turnip and asphalt reduction and spinach-flavoured lemonade – all drenched in enough olive oil to sink the Ark Royal in.
Beware Jamie: Hell hath no fury like a football fan scorned/deprived of their pre-match hotdog.
(Via MEN)
FC Barcelona President, Sandro Rosell, still thinks that goalkeeper Victor Valdés will go back on their decision about not renewing with the club and finally stay at Barcelona. Valdés still has one year left on their current contract. Rosell's argument is that coach, Tito Vilanova will make them change their mind.
In an interview with the Catalan newspaper 'El Mundo Deportivo' they said: "I hope they will (agree to renew). Like we said, what we need now is for summer to arrive, for Barça to win everything possible, for Tito to make a full recovery and talk to Victor Valdés and show them once again that the club wants to keep them here. Once all that's happened, I believe they will reconsider."
Rosell admits they don't know the reasons why Valdés doesn't want to renew, but that they hope to talk to him.
(Reuters) - A Seattle homeowner found three adult body parts, including a foot, in a recycling bin over the weekend, police and local media said on Sunday.
A homeowner dialed emergency services after discovering the items in a recycling bin about 4 p.m. PDT (2300 GMT)Saturday afternoon, said Patrick Michaud, a spokesperson for the Seattle Police Department.
Homicide detectives and the King County Medical Examiner's Office confirmed the remains were human, Michaud said.
The remains were likely placed in the recycling bin between Friday and Saturday night, they said.
One of the body parts found was a foot, the Seattle Times reported, citing Sgt. Mike Renner of the Seattle Police Department. Renner told the paper the body parts were “fresh.”
It was unclear where the remains came from.
The parts were sent to the medical examiner's office and will be searched for evidence on Monday, a spokesperson with office said.
During an event in São Paulo, Motorola has officially announced the Moto Maxx, the international version of the Droid Turbo (which is the exclusive model of US carrier Verizon). We rocketed to Brazil for a hands-on review of the Moto Maxx, and our first impressions were very positive.
Motorola Moto Maxx design and build quality Like the Droid Turbo, the Moto Maxx chassis closely resembles the Droid Maxx but has little resemblance to the rest of the Moto line in the Moto G (2014) and Moto X (2014). The handset comes with a textured premium ballistic nylon backing, which is resistant to scratches and scuffs, with a layer of Kevlar fiber, the same material used for bulletproof vests. In addition, the device is also protected inside and out with a water repellent nano coating which makes it spill-resistant, but not waterproof. The Maxx would be able to cope well in about 20 minutes of rain but you wouldn't want to submerge it for long. The device isn't one of the thinnest, however it's the thinnest with this battery capacity! / © ANDROIDPIT Motorola's latest international star also has a really good grip. It is a little heavier than most phones, but in return for this you get amazing battery life. Nonetheless, I still found it to be quite elegant and ergonomic.
Motorola Moto Maxx display The 5.2-inch display of the Moto Maxx uses Gorilla Glass technology and nothing less than a Quad HD resolution (2,560 x 1,440 pixels), which gives you the incredible density of 565 pixels. It's definitely the very best on the market when it comes to screens for smartphones. Incidentally, the screen quality is superior to Moto X (2014) and even the Nexus 6. The QHD 5.2-inch display on the Moto Maxx is immaculate / © ANDROIDPIT
Motorola Moto Maxx software The Moto Maxx includes Android 4.4.4 KitKat right out of the box, and logically will receive the Android 5.0 Lollipop update very soon, which has also been confirmed by Motorola. The software of the Moto Maxx is very similar to that of the entire Moto line, ie, it's practically stock Android without any extreme changes by the manufacturer. This means that it comes with the same voice services found in the Moto X (2014), as well as many Motorola specific apps, like Moto Assist, Moto Alert, Moto Migrate etc. The latter allows you to migrate your contacts and other data from your previous Android and iOS devices. You could say that the Moto Maxx is powered by the Moto X (2014)!
Motorola Moto Maxx performance The Moto Maxx comes with one of the most powerful processors on the market, the Snapdragon 805, which is a quad-core processor clocked at 2.7 GHz. In addition, the handset comes with 3 GB of RAM and 64 GB of internal memory. If you take into consideration that the device runs on Android 4.4.4 with a stock Android user interface, without the weight of a manufacturer UI, it's easy to see how the user experience is very fluid, which I could tell right away. During my one hour test, the Moto Maxx didn't lag or crash.
Motorola Moto Maxx camera The back-facing camera comes with a 21 MP sensor, dual-LED flash, is able to record videos in 4K and lets you make collages with the stock camera app. Moreover, it works with the software found in recent releases from Motorola, notably the Moto X (2014), such as Quick Capture and Highlights for videos. In addition, it also includes the wrist flick gesture to launch the camera from the lock screen. The camera sensor on the Moto Maxx is manufactured by Sony and delivers excellent picture quality. The Moto Maxx camera can record videos in 4K! / © ANDROIDPIT
Motorola Moto Maxx battery A huge wow factor on the Moto Maxx is the battery: 3,900 mAh! According to the manufacturer, the Moto Maxx, as well as the Droid Turbo, promise to deliver up to 40 hours of use without needing to find a charger. In addition, Motorola has been focusing its efforts on charging speed: they can charge up to 6 hours of use in only 15 minutes, thanks to the Motorola Turbo Charger. In Brazil, this charger comes in the Moto Maxx box. The manufacturer claims that this is the most powerful battery among all the smartphones available in the market today. Moto Maxx release date / Moto Maxx price The Moto Maxx release date is November 5th in the Brazilian market. The Moto Maxx price is R$2,199.00. The Moto maxx in other markets will begin in mid-November for Mexico and other South American countries. We have yet to hear about the European and UK release dates and price or if the device may make it to the US for use on other carriers.
Motorola Moto Maxx technical specifications Dimensions: 143.5 x 73.3 x 11.2 mm Weight: 176 g Battery size: 3900 mAh Screen size: 5.2 in Display technology: AMOLED Screen: 2560 x 1440 pixels (696 ppi) Front camera: 2 megapixels Rear camera: 21 megapixels Flashlight: Dual-LED Android version: 4.4.4 - KitKat User interface: Stock Android RAM: 3 GB Internal storage: 64 GB Removable storage: Not available Chipset: Qualcomm Snapdragon 805 Number of cores: 4 Max. clock speed: 2.7 GHz Connectivity: HSPA, LTE, NFC, Bluetooth 4.1
How fun is this for your pet! Great for your cat to feel comfy cozy in.
I used a vintage 40's suitcase to make a cool place for your pet to snooze or just lounge that will add a touch of interest to your decor. The suitcase is fully lined and completely cleaned inside and out. Inside is a handmade washable pillow filled with extra soft and snugly filling that your cat or dog can sink into. Cute legs are fastened on to raise the bed up to give them a vantage point out a favorite window, on top of a dresser or up off the floor.
This bed is a really vintage Samsonite Leather look suitcase top from the 50's. Since it was the top with no handle I added a beautiful ornate brass handle to make it look elegant. It is in great shape - the inside has a few stains but I have cleaned it thoroughly. I added vintage style wooden legs and made a pillow from Sage Green Ralph Lauren Fabric to make it all come together.....You know your pet deserves this!
As with all my beds if you like the bed but not the pillow - I have other fabrics to choose from or you can let me know what you need I and I will do my best to match your style.
I also do custom versions to fit your particular decor - let me know what you want and I will see what I can come up with!
Porsche and Me
Suneet Sasidharan Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 18, 2015
Two years ago, I was 24 years old and like most 24 year olds, I had 17 hobbies I had grown out of including writing for short movies, collecting coins and philately(watching paint dry is more fun). But unlike most 24 year olds, I never owned a car (or even a motorbike) owing to my paranoid parents, Bombay's super efficient trains and a free pass to travel first class on any local train (thanks Dad). In fact, I didn't even have an American driving license despite being in the country for almost 2 years and having spent most of it in a state where you could get a license if you could tie your shoelaces. However, six months later, I was driving a mid-engine, German sports car barreling down a gravel mountain road, sliding sideways, grinning like a lunatic in a cloud of dust. This is the story of my self-destructive love affair with my beloved Porsche Cayman S.
20 minutes after I got the keys. Notice the unmistakable look of self doubt coupled with joy. And terrible parking, of course.
Now I know what you're thinking. Gah! Another sports car bragging article. Actually it's not. What I got then was 5 year old, 295 bhp sports car that cost less than a brand-new top of the line VW Golf GTI. This was very pleasing to my Indianness. It took me three trips to the dealer to finally seal the deal who had me convinced that this would be the chariot of Thor when they descend from Asgard. Mind you, I didn't need a car then. My workplace was 3 blocks away, downhill, which meant I could stumble out of bed and roll to my desk at work. And I had a roommate who already had a car, which is like having a designated driver-cum-personal chauffeur to drive you around to get groceries and a haircut. So this, in essence, was my weekend car.
As far as weekend cars go, this one is particularly practical and bachelor friendly. It is comfortable in normal mode although it's almost hugging the ground. It doesn't have a back row of seats where your friends/dog/baby-car-seat would sit. Since I don't have the luxury of having any of those, it is replaced with a 3.4L flat 6 boxer engines, which isn't a bad trade-off really. This opens up the front, where if you open the bonnet(“hood” for the colonials), you have space to put two cabin-baggage sized bags/weekly bachelor groceries/half a kangaroo. And another boot in the back which can only fit golf clubs. Great, right? So what could possibly go wrong?
Well despite being a modern sports car, it lacks almost all creature comforts you expect from even a recliner.
It has a CD player where the satnav should have been. There's a rear spoiler that comes up at 75 mph, which flags down the nearest cop for your next speeding ticket. If you like to drive it in Sport mode, the suspension becomes unbearably stiff and you can feel going over the M&M the kid in the car ahead threw out. Rolling down a flight of stairs while being stabbed by an aggressive porcupine is more comfortable than the suspension at the cobbled roads of Pike Place market. Being low to the ground means if a pickup truck pulls up behind you, all your mirrors are blinded by their lights. And it is loud. Unapologetically loud. I have had noise complaints from people living in subterranean caves. In other countries. On other planets.
At this point, people with practical, reasonable, fuel efficient Priuses(Prii?) and Corollas will pull up an Excel sheet and graphs describing fuel efficiency and how I could've rather had a diversified portfolio or a savings account. Sure. You could do 40 miles to the gallon but how many of those miles were you really happy doing? Sure, it has a ton of things wrong with it. The reverse gear is right next to the first gear, which means at the lights, you'd probably reverse into the pickup truck blinding you. Yes, it would cost a kidney and a half to fix even the tire pressure sensors. The exhaust noise will eventually destroy my sense of hearing. Surely, it is not the best car ever made. Not even the best Porsche. But as an instrument to make me feel special, really nothing comes close. I have never left the car park without looking back again. And, I think, that is love.
Ultra hipster picture for Instagram on 2nd car anniversary.
<This is the first part of a small series of posts I've been meaning to write about my (mis)adventures with my car. It is not in any way supposed to be pompous, grandiose and other synonyms. It's something unique and I get asked about the car more than I'm asked about myself, so I thought I'd make it a series.>
“Sometimes, when you get home from a long day of getting kicked in the urethra, you just want to watch a show about good, likable people who love each other, where, you know, no matter what happens, at the end of 30 minutes, everything's gonna turn out okay.”
Not in BoJack Horseman.
If you've never watched BH before, go give it a try. Really. Do it. This blog post will be here when you get back. I promise. BH is a shockingly heavy comedy, a dark look at celebrity and depression that walks a perfect knife-edge between hilarious and horribly sad. It's one of my favorite TV shows (is it still a TV show if it was exclusively on Netflix?), and I really do think everyone should watch it.
Before we get into the meat of the episode: can we talk about the intro for a moment? The style is incredible – fuzzed and blurred, with consistent changes from episode to episode – keep your eyes on that Hollywoo sign. The eventual fall into the pool is made into a gut-punch by the last episode, but not for the reason you'd assume. The direction by Mike Roberts is absolutely brilliant. Speaking of direction – creator Raphael Bob-Waksberg is an absolute genius, and not just because of this show. I've been a fan of Bob-Waksberg ever since their work in the Olde English comedy troupe, but they also maintain an active blog where they answer questions about BH with depth and poise. For a good example, check out their post on gender in comedy and cartoons.
Now for the meat.
BoJack Horseman has something of a now-conventional animated show setup in this episode – drunk, boorish man as a main character, sidekick who is something of a stoner burnout, girlfriend who appears Type-A and more of a Real Person. But it spins away from those stereotypes pretty quickly. Take note of everything every character says in this episode, by the way; as I will say many, many times, running mantras and motifs come back to haunt us big-time. Quick example: Todd, BH's stoner housemate, tells BoJack that “even though you don't want people to know it, you secretly have a good heart.” This childlike faith is important to remember, because we won't see it for much longer.
It's a bold choice to start the series with BH and their girlfriend, Princess Carolyn, breaking up. I think it works on a thematic level, dealing with the constant death spiral of BH's life, and gives us a good picture of whom BH is, but on the other hand it's jarring to have a breakup with a character we've never met. It's unconventional, which is good but bound to be startling.
The overall plot of the show is “someone is writing a memoir about BoJack,” and oh do I love the commentary on book writing. More on that when we get to episode 11, but the whole narrative of the struggling Penguin Publisher is hilarious – and painfully accurate. “When was the last time you saw a book?” I will say, though; I am not sure how I feel about having the owner of Penguin Publisher be an actual penguin. On one hand it's a nice introduction to this world of animal people, but on the other hand it's a little too on-the-nose for me. I dunno. They subvert it with later characters, so I'll let it slide.
Speaking of animals as people: Mr. Peanutbutter. Oh, we will talk about PB. At the party at the end of the episode, we get one of the most honest PB moments in the series. They ask BoJack, with perfect sincerity: “Seriously, how are you?” When BoJack goes to answer seriously, PB closes their eyes and says “Livin the dream, huh? Yeah” and then walks off to the ever-present but invisible Erica, before telling BoJack “I want to TALK to YOU.” PB is…well, I'll save the major analysis for later on in the show, when we get some heavier PB moments. But suffice to say there's more to them than meets the eye, and they represent more than just comic relief. BH says about them “he's so stupid they don't realize how miserable they should be. I envy that.” BH is almost right…but not quite. They envy PB, but PB might not be as stupid as they look.
This episode also introduces us to the mantra “Hey, aren't you the Horse from Horsin' Around?” Like so many other gags, this has a serious emotional punch in the denoument.
Another solid reference: the fact that Diane Nguyen, in this show, wrote the biography of Secratariat. We get the one-off line where BoJack mentions he's always wanted to play Sec in a movie – in fact, “he's kind of my personal hero,” BoJack says. Once more laying the groundwork for emotional payoff in the ultimate conclusion.
Todd's strange gangster/cartel backstory with Gabriela (“Gabriela, why?” says Todd, as they wipe a tear away) is awkward. In a show full of long-term consistencies, this is an odd backstory to just forget about. Yes, it gives us a reason for Todd to throw the party, but would we really have cared if Todd just threw a party for some other reason? More importantly, how does it tie into Todd's life in a serious way? In the flashback, we hear that Todd was trying to sell E on the cartel's turf…but that doesn't necessarily gel with the image of the stay-at-home loser that we get later in the season. With any luck, we'll get more of that cartel story next season, but for now it's something of a sour note in the first episode, and one without an eventual payoff.
The BoJack anxiety attack jokes are also a little odd – we never get anything else relating to anxiety attacks and BoJack throughout the season. The jokes were all hilarious, of course – a mild anxiety attack? “I'd hate to see what spicy looks like!” I always soured on them the first few times I watched the show, but on reflection I think it was a good way to illustrate how on-edge BoJack's mental state is – one step away from catastrophe. BoJack Horseman is a show about depression that never mentions depression, and this is the closest we get to a diagnosis. The fact that it never comes up again is odd – like I said, this show is all about the long con, so plot points that don't get long-conned fall sort of flat on a rewatch.
The mariachi frogs are one of my favorite moments in the entire show, if only for the third mariachi man who, despite being human, still has the frog-frown and upturned chin. Visual gags abound throughout the whole 12-episode story, mostly ones introducing us subtly to the idea that this is a fantasy world where there are animals that act like humans and that's just how it is, dammit. The party is a great mix of animals and humans – it's a quinceañera, so there are teenage girls…and a few teenage chihuahuas.
And, at the party, we meet our last member of the main cast – DIANE! Ah, Diane. Them awkward party dialog with BJ is probably something I've said word-for-word at real life parties to real life people and horses. They also introduce us to the mantra “Thank you for inviting me into your house. You have a lovely home,” something that, for some odd reason, keeps popping up. The show has several of these mantras, and they direct us to notice this continuous thematic thread that runs through the season and defines the show not as a collection of episodes but as a true long narrative in chapter form.
I believe that, for the record; that the show should be treated as one long entity. Erik Adams of the A.V. Club gave BH a C+ after the first six episodes, which, in my opinion, is like saying the first half of Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone doesn't make any sense. Of course it doesn't – the story isn't over yet. BH is one continuous narrative split up into twelve sitcom-length episodes, and that's intentional. There's this whole meta-concept of satirizing the sitcom, so obviously the show is going to put things in 20-minute episodic format. But it's probably better to look at it as a miniseries. The first six episodes might feel empty on their own because the overall story has its ultimate payoff in the last two or three episodes.
The episode ends with a shot pulling away from BJ's mansion, showing the mountain of cotton candy they just vomited off the balcony. It's a good visual gag (PUN INTENDED) but also serves as a little hint: when someone throws up, it doesn't just disappear into the void. It stays there, and we have to see it. Okay, that's a disgusting reminder. But it's one of the metathemes of the show: damage is consistent. When BJ's ottoman gets burned, it stays burnt. When Hollywood becomes Hollywoo, it stays that way. Actions have consequences in this strange world.
I would give the episode an overall B. I realize that might sound harsh, but this grade is relative to the overall quality of the show. Which, by the way, is a solid A. There are some jokes that fall flat, like the writers are still getting their sea legs. But it does its job of introducing us and compelling us to keep watching for the next episode. And, as Mr. Peanutbutter says, “Always a Clydesdale, never a Clyde.” Exactly, PB. Exactly.
Advertisements
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - An alleged plot to assassinate the Saudi Arabian ambassador to the United States may have violated a U.N. treaty protecting diplomats and could escalate the crisis to an international court.
U.S. authorities have arrested Iranian-American Manssor Arbabsiar for the alleged plot and accused a second Iranian man, Gholam Shakuri, who is believed to be at large in Iran and a member of the country's elite Quds Force.
If they were involved in a plot to kill Saudi Ambassador Adel al-Jubeir, that would likely violate the U.N. Convention on the Prevention and Punishment of Crimes Against Internationally Protected Persons.
The treaty, which Iran signed in 1978, would require Tehran to consider prosecuting Shakuri in its court system or extradite them to a requesting country, potentially the United States or Saudi Arabia, both longtime foes.
An important sticking point to any prosecution or extradition is that Iran has fiercely denied the allegations and is unlikely to turn Shakuri over to any country.
“This is one of those areas where there's not really too much fuzziness. It's very clear that this kind of people (diplomats), this kind of officials, they're immune from attack,” said David Kaye, executive director of the UCLA School of Law's International Human Rights Law Program.
Jubeir was named Saudi ambassador to the United States in early 2007 after serving in the embassy in Washington.  They are considered a close adviser to Saudi King Abdullah, a key U.S. ally in the volatile and oil-rich Middle East region.
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made a point on Wednesday of noting that Iran had agreed to the U.N. treaty.
“This kind of reckless act undermines international norms and the international system. Iran must be held accountable for its actions,” they said.
TWO OPTIONS
The United States has two options if Iran officially rejects the case, including pursuing action at the U.N. Security Council. That was done when Libya refused to hand over two men accused of the Pan Am 103 bombing over Lockerbie, Scotland.
The United States or Saudi Arabia could bring it to the United Nations and argue that “these are very obvious violations and for the Security Council to do nothing in light of this major attempted violation cheapens the words” of the treaty, Kaye said.
Another option, if there is a dispute under the U.N. treaty for protected persons, is that one side can seek an arbitration and ultimately a ruling from the Court of International Justice, located in the Netherlands.
“Basically it's asking the court to interpret whether the convention has in fact been violated,” said Sean Murphy, a professor at George Washington University Law School who has argued several cases before the court.
After lengthy legal wrangling in the Lockerbie case and an eventual thawing of relations between Washington and Tripoli, the suspects in that case were handed over to a Scottish court that was convened in the Netherlands.
An Iranian woman walks past an anti-U.S. mural on the wall of the former U.S. embassy in Tehran, October 12, 2011. REUTERS/Morteza Nikoubazl
The United States could also turn the matter over to Interpol, the global police organization, which could order an international arrest warrant for Shakuri, thus making it difficult for them to travel outside of Iran, the experts said.
The legal proceedings against Arbabsiar will proceed in U.S. District Court in New York where they will appear on October 25 for a preliminary hearing.
Details of the U.N. convention can be found here
Illustration by Brett Ryder
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
HENRY HAZLITT, one of the great popularisers of free-market thinking, once said that good ideas have to be relearned in every generation. This is certainly true of good ideas about business. A generation ago Margaret Thatcher and Ronald Reagan did an excellent job of making the case in favour of business. Today it looks as though the case needs to be made all over again.
It is hardly surprising that business has fallen from grace in recent years. The credit crunch almost plunged the world into depression. The new century began with the implosion of Enron and other prominent firms. Some bosses pay themselves like princes while preaching austerity to their workers. Business titans who once graced the covers of magazines have been hauled before congressional committees or carted off to prison.
Business people have been at pains to point out that it is unfair to judge all of their kind by the misdeeds of a few. The credit crunch was the handiwork of bankers (who lent too much money) and policymakers (who fooled themselves into thinking that they had abolished boom and bust). Corporate criminals like WorldCom's Bernie Ebbers and Tyco's Denis Kozlowski were imprisoned for their crimes. Avaricious bosses like Angelo Mozilo, who pocketed more than $550m during their inglorious reign at Countrywide, are exceptions. The average American boss is actually paid less today than they were in 2000.
This is all true enough but hardly sets the blood racing. More ambitious defenders of business have advanced two arguments. The first is that many firms are devoted to good works. They routinely trumpet their passionate commitment not just to their various stakeholders (such as workers and suppliers) but to the planet at large. Timberland puts “green index” labels on all its shoes. GlaxoSmithKline makes HIV drugs available at cost to millions of Africans. Starbucks buys lots of Fairtrade coffee.
The second argument is more hard-headed: that businesses have done more than any other institutions to advance prosperity, turning the luxuries of the rich, such as cars a century ago and computers today, into goods for the masses. General Electric's aircraft engines transport 660m people a year and its imaging machines scan 230m patients. Wal-Mart's “everyday low prices” save Americans at least $50 billion a year.
The problem with the first argument is that it smacks of appeasement. Advocates of corporate social responsibility suggest that business has something to apologise for, and thus encourage its critics to find ever more to complain about. Crocodiles never go away if you feed them. The problem with the second argument is that it does not go far enough. It focuses exclusively on material well-being, and so fails to engage with people's moral qualms about business.
This is doubly regrettable. It is regrettable because it has allowed critics of business to dominate the discussion of corporate morality. For all too many people it is now taken as a given that companies promote greed, crush creativity and monopolise power. And it is regrettable because it has deprived the business world of three rather better arguments in its defence.
The first is that business is a remarkable exercise in co-operation. For all the talk of competition “red in tooth and claw”, companies in fact depend on persuading large numbers of people—workers and bosses, shareholders and suppliers—to work together to a common end. This involves getting lots of strangers to trust each other. It also increasingly involves stretching that trust across borders and cultures. Apple's iPod is not just a miracle of design. It is also a miracle of co-operation, teaming Californian designers with Chinese manufacturers and salespeople in all corners of the earth. It is worth remembering that the word “company” is derived from the Latin words “cum” and “pane”—meaning “breaking bread together”.
Another rejoinder is that business is an exercise in creativity. Business people do not just invent clever products that solve nagging problems, from phones that can link fishermen in India with nearby markets to devices that can provide insulin to diabetics without painful injections. They also create organisations that manufacture these products and then distribute them about the world. Nandan Nilekani, one of the founders of Infosys, put the case for business as well as anyone when they said that the computer-services giant's greatest achievement was not its $2 billion in annual revenue but the fact that it had taught their fellow Indians to “redefine the possible”.
A third defence is that business helps maintain political pluralism. Anti-capitalists are fond of arguing that companies account for half of the world's 100 biggest economies. But this argument not only depends on the abuse of statistics—comparing corporate turnover with GDP (which measures value added, not sales). It also rests on ignorance of the pressures of business life.
Companies have a difficult enough job staying alive, let alone engaging in a “silent takeover” of the state. Only 202 of the 500 biggest companies in America in 1980 were still in existence 20 years later. Anti-capitalists actually have it upside down. Companies actually prevent each other from gaining too much power, and also act as a check on the power of governments that would otherwise be running the economy. The proportion of the world's governments that can reasonably be called democratic has increased from 40% in 1980, when the pro-business revolution began, to more than 60% today.
Most hard-headed business people are no doubt reluctant to make these arguments. They are more concerned with balancing their books than with engaging in worthy debates about freedom and democracy. But they would do well to become a bit less reticent: the price of silence will be an ever more hostile public and ever more overbearing government.
Most private equity firms are backing away from retail. As more shoppers buy online and Amazon creeps further and further into the space, money is flowing to more certain bets and avoiding anything bricks and mortar.
Not Sycamore Partners.
Fresh off its largest bet ever — the $6.9 billion acquisition of Staples — Sycamore is raising its biggest-ever fund, which it will use to invest primarily in retail, sources familiar with the situation said. The firm is looking to raise between $3 billion and $4 billion, one of the people said.
Sycamore declined to comment. The sources spoke on condition of anonymity because the fundraising is not yet public.
The new fund comes a month after Sycamore closed its acquisition of Staples, a deal that exemplified its creative and bold approach to retail dealmaking. The sale of the office supplies giant had perplexed private equity buyers and financing banks. Both groups saw opportunity in Staples' growing business-to-business platform but were unsure how to address its lagging retail business.
Sycamore's solution was to split the retailer into three parts. This allowed banks to finance the strongest parts of the business separately and give Sycamore the option to wind down its weakest unit — the retail business — at a later date. The move followed a playbook the private equity firm used in its purchase of The Jones Group.
This intensely operational approach stands in contrast to the traditional retail leveraged-buyout model. For years, private equity firms bought generally strong retail businesses to grow by opening new stores and ultimately sell them or take them public. This model fell apart as retailers found themselves needing to retrench their store base and invest in e-commerce, even as their hands were tied by the debt leftover from the buyouts.
The past two years have seen a relentless string of bankruptcies of private equity-backed retailers. Last month, Toys R Us filed for Chapter 11 in one of the largest retail bankruptcy filings ever. Others include Payless ShoeSource, Sports Authority and Gymboree.
As the traditional playbook has shown its limits, private equity firms have taken a large step back from retail investments.
The firms spent $32 billion on U.S. retail investments in 2006; by 2016, it was down to $2.6 billion, according to Dealogic. So far this year, private equity bets on retail are falling even more. Year to date, private equity firms have spent $818 million on retail deals, excluding Staples, less than half the $2.2 billion spent by this time last year.
Part of Sycamore's unique perspective and bold approach originates from its co-founder, Stefan Kaluzny, who has years of history and relationships within the retail space. The famously press-shy Kaluzny is perceived as smart, bold and not afraid of a challenge.
The fund also gets insight into the retail industry through its ownership of Mast Global Fashions, which manufactures apparel and footwear for brands globally.
Sycamore closed its first fund in 2012 with commitments of $1 billion and its second in 2014 with commitments of $2.5 billion. Its other investments include Belk, Hot Topic, Nine West and Talbots.
According to an analysis by Bloomberg in May, its first fund delivered an annualized net return of 51 percent through Sept. 30, 2016, while returns from their second fund had returned minus 4 percent.
Bloomberg said the first fund's performance put it at the top of all billion-dollar buyout funds started that year, but the second fund, in its early days at the time of the report, was among the bottom half of its group.
Sycamore has also run into legal drama. Aeropostale last year accused Sycamore, a lender to the teen retailer, of trying to push the chain into bankruptcy to seize ownership. Sycamore successfully refuted those claims in bankruptcy court.
All the attention has been on Jurgen Klopp but there were two other new faces on the touchline at White Hart Lane on Saturday, their assistants Zeljko Buvac and Peter Krawietz – dubbed ‘the eyes' and ‘the brain'.
Klopp is not the only major appointment Liverpool have made this month, with their long-term assistants, Buvac and Krawietz, both following the German to Merseyside.
The average Liverpool supporter has an encyclopaedic knowledge of Klopp, their success at Borussia Dortmund and their style of play by now, but a lot less is known about Buvac and Krawietz.
But the pair are vitally important to Klopp's adjustment to life in the Anfield dugout.
So who are Buvac and Krawietz, and what will they bring to Liverpool?
Zeljko Buvac
Role: Assistant Manager
Age: 54
Experience: SC Neukirchen, Republika Srpska (manager); Mainz 05, Borussia Dortmund, Liverpool (assistant manager)
“Intuitively, they were a great footballer,” Ansgar Brinkmann told German publication SPOX in 2011.
Brinkmann played alongside Buvac and Klopp during their two years with Mainz 05 between 1993 and 1995, with the former striker benefiting from Buvac's keen tactical mind in attacking midfield.
Buvac enjoyed a 13-year playing career spanning FK Rudar and FK Borac Banja Luka in what is now known as Bosnia and Herzegovina, before moving to Germany to ply their trade with FC Rot-Weiss Erfurt, Mainz and SC Neukirchen, where they took over as manager in 1998.
Buvac stayed with Neukirchen for three seasons, before Klopp intervened.
Klopp's appointment as Mainz manager in 2001 was contingent on Buvac joining them as their assistant, such is the respect between the German and their Balkan counterpart.
“Zeljko is football expertise incarnate,” Klopp said of their assistant. “I learn every day from him.”
Though Klopp has been lauded for their achievements at Dortmund, the tactical work of Buvac was central to this.
“In all the exercises they always have the whole picture,” Krawietz explained of Buvac's training methods.
“If the training does not fit anything and we are making, for example, tactical mistakes, then it is usually [Buvac] that interrupts and explains how to run it properly.”
[pull_quote_right]”My co-coach Zeljko Buvac and I always like to celebrate a win with a little beer on the team bus.”
– Jurgen Klopp[/pull_quote_right]
As throughout their modest playing career, Buvac possesses a fine-tuned appreciation of space and the intricacies of attacking football.
It is the Bosnian Serb who propelled Dortmund's overwhelming gegenpressing tactic, ensuring Klopp's lineup remained compact and in a position to suffocate the opposition off the ball.
When Klopp was suspended in the Champions League in 2013, Buvac was the man who assumed their position on the sidelines, with Dortmund midfielder Nuri Sahin describing them as “basically Klopp's twin.”
Both follow the same philosophy, with Buvac serving as “the brain,” as they have been nicknamed, while Klopp is the mouthpiece.
There is a reason why Klopp was so adamant that Buvac follow them from club to club: there is an intrinsic understanding between the pair, allowing them to complement each other perfectly.
Who Buvac Has Replaced: Sean O'Driscoll
Peter Krawietz
Role: Video Analyst
Age: 43
Experience: Mainz 05 (chief scout); Borussia Dortmund, Liverpool (analyst)
Unlike Buvac, Krawietz has no significant playing experience, instead arriving in their initial role at Mainz after obtaining a sports degree at the University of Mainz.
Operating as video analyst during Klopp's time as a player at Mainz, Krawietz told SPOX in 2012 that “[Klopp] was one of the professionals who was interested most in the visual processing of tactical analysis.”
Their relationship did not get off to the best start, however, with Krawietz provoking the ire of their compatriot by pointing out their flaws at right-back, but they quickly developed a positive relationship.
After impressing Klopp with their knowledge of video analysis in sport, Krawietz was promoted within the scouting structure at Mainz on the German's appointment as manager, quickly becoming the club's chief scout.
Following Klopp to Dortmund, Krawietz adopted the official role of opposition analyst, utilising their visual expertise to run briefing sessions alongside the manager, as they told SPOX:
“Basically, my job [functions primarily] in midweek, using video to analyze the next opponent and to identify their strengths and weaknesses. “We want to find out for us on what kind of defence we have to focus and at the same time anticipate what actions in the offensive game could be promising for us. “This is the quintessence of every video analysis.”
Like Klopp and Buvac, Krawietz lists “functioning defensive play” as the priority to success on the field—and their work within the scouting department aided Dortmund in this regard.
[pull_quote_right]”We as a coaching staff have a weakness for young players and also the courage to throw these guys into the action. And also a very good eye, as you can see by the example Marc Schmelzer.”
– Peter Krawietz[/pull_quote_right]
With Klopp and their recruitment staff in search of a left-back on their arrival at the club, Krawietz noted the qualities of 20-year-old academy talent Marcel Schmelzer, who was immediately promoted to the first team—where they have remained as a key player.
Krawietz is an incredibly thorough analyst who will serve to comb over the strengths and weaknesses of Klopp's new Liverpool side, as well as those of their opponents.
Crucially, their input in player recruitment will gift Klopp an advantage working alongside the Reds' transfer committee.
Where Klopp is the mouth and Buvac is the brain, Krawietz is the eye.
What Krawietz Has Replaced: Chris Davies
North Korea will certainly be in the room when the leaders of about 50 countries meet in Seoul next week for the 2nd Nuclear Security Summit. Only, it will be there as an elephant, whose presence is very much felt, even if it isn't always talked about.
The Nuclear Security Summit is the brainchild of U.S. President Barack Obama, who during their presidency has maintained that the greatest threat to international security comes from the possibility of nuclear terrorism. It was in this context that they conceived of the summit as a forum for the leaderships of countries with nuclear materials to help them recognize the gravity of the problem, and to make voluntary commitments on securing nuclear materials and technology over the following four years.
Non-proliferation, and by extension the challenges posed by the nuclear programs/ambitions of Iran and North Korea, haven't so far been on the agenda of the summit, even though the first one was held in Washington in 2010. But with the forthcoming summit taking place in Seoul, in such close proximity to Pyongyang, it was only to be expected that there would be some reference to the threat posed by North Korea's nuclear program.
Perhaps getting it out of the way early was an effort to preempt any dramatic moves by the Kim Jong-un regime, which has said that any criticism directed at the country's nuclear program will be taken as no less than a “declaration of war.” Such a provocative statement could also have been aimed at deflecting the condemnation that has rained down on Pyongyang following its announcement that it will launch a satellite next month to mark the 100th anniversary of the birth of Kim Il-sung, the founder of North Korea.
Taken together, the statements suggest an increased assertiveness under North Korea's young new leader, Kim Jong-un, as they try to settle in. Surprisingly, the comments also come at a time of generally easing tensions following the recent U.S. decision to provide “nutritional assistance” to North Korea in return for a pledge from Pyongyang to suspend its nuclear enrichment program and allow International Atomic Energy Agency inspectors to visit nuclear facilities.
So what exactly is North Korea trying to convey by making these strident announcements at this juncture? Is it a fit of pique over having been left out of the summit? Or is it in response to an assumption that a nuclear security summit taking place in the region would undoubtedly bring the spotlight to bear on the challenge posed by the North Korean nuclear program? Certainly, one of the reasons for South Korea wanting to host the summit was precisely to focus attention on the North Korean nuclear issue.
Of course, there may also be some symbolic significance to the North Korean announcements. The satellite launch is due between April 12 to 16, with April 15 marking the Kim Il-sung anniversary. In the country's self-created mythology, 2012 is hailed as the target year for when the nation is to officially become a “strong and prosperous country.” As Kim Jong-un tries to settle into power, a technological feat in defiance of the international community might be seen as a way of consolidating domestic support.
Regardless of North Korean motivations for its current behavior, the real agenda of the summit is to create the highest level of awareness – as well as national-level commitment – over concerns pertaining to securing nuclear materials. To that extent, a comment at the summit on the legitimacy or otherwise of the North Korean nuclear program would indeed be out of place. However, concern over the security of nuclear materials in North Korea, and the possibility of nuclear proliferation from there to other states or non-state actors, seems reasonable.
There's genuine concern in the international community about proliferation of nuclear materials and technology from countries like North Korea. Given this reality, it might have been a good idea to invite North Korea to participate at the summit. By excluding North Korea, the summit is only increasing its sense of isolation and alienation. In such a situation, is it surprising that a country for which a nuclear program is such an integral part of its identity should make statements such as these? Including North Korea at the summit might have reduced the country's threat perceptions by bringing it into the international mainstream. Having the North Korean leader participate in the drafting of the recommendations and work plan might also have encouraged them to keep to any commitments made at the summit.
Sanctions and isolation have proved of little value in changing North Korea's proliferation behavior. Participation at the summit might, then, have been a game changer, by encouraging engagement. The decision not to take this chance leaves the summit delegates with a difficult balance act – and a challenging week ahead.
Canada's employment minister says Alberta's financial troubles will be eased by promised government investment in infrastructure, dismissing calls for greater focus on layoffs hammering the oilpatch.
MaryAnn Mihychuk, who met with local business leaders in Calgary on Monday to discuss rising unemployment and plummeting oil prices, said there's no quick solution for the province's situation.
“We're in tough times right now, but there will be opportunities for the infrastructure program and our energy sector will come back,” Mihychuk said.
The pledge comes as Alberta Finance Minister Joe Ceci has acknowledged low oil prices may force the province to delay or cut back programs promised by the NDP government, including child-care benefits, school fee reductions, student hiring and environmental retrofitting.
“I can't point you to any one (program) here in terms of commitments, but I can tell you I'm comfortable recommending (to cabinet) slower phase-in and lower phase-in for some of these things,” Ceci told The Canadian Press.
Mihychuk said the province's situation will likely get worse before it gets better, and Albertans need to work together.
“There are good examples of innovation and positive growth, but we are facing a very tough time in Alberta,” they said.
“We're here to say we don't come with all the answers. We're here to listen and learn and be a constructive partner.”
Mihychuk said the Liberal government's plan involves putting money toward infrastructure, as well as job training to help workers move into that sector. It will also include measures to improve the employment insurance system and increase work opportunities for youth.
“But did I come with a wallet full of cash? No,” Mihychuk said.
Earlier in the day, interim Conservative Party Leader Rona Ambrose put out a statement accusing Prime Minister Justin Trudeau of only having a “tax and spend” plan for the province's economic recovery.
“Any plan should include job training, infrastructure and innovation investments. But the Liberal government must also begin taking a serious approach to getting pipelines approved and built, with leadership from the very top,” Ambrose said in the release.
“Canada loses billions by not accessing world prices for oil, and developing export markets in the massive and growing Pacific Rim economies is critical to address this. Getting our resources to tidewater is crucial to the success of our country.”
Calgary Centre MP Kent Hehr, who was at the talks in Calgary, fired back, saying the current government is engaging with indigenous communities and provincial partners to get pipelines built.
“I was actually surprised at Ms. Ambrose's comments that we need to get working on pipelines,” said Hehr, the veteran's affairs minister. “Her government had 10 years to do something about that and really didn't go very far.”
Ceci, speaking after a meeting of finance ministers in Ottawa on Monday, said pipelines would offer a “significant boost” to the Canadian economy.
“The biggest thing that would make a great deal of sense for not only for Alberta but energy producing provinces is to look at pipeline access across this country,” Ceci said.
“Until we get there, I have to do things that look at programs that we could reduce and we're going to be looking at all those things. We're also going to try to diversify our economy.”
Hehr said that although pipelines are an important piece, they believe the Liberal government's overall plan is sound.
“We understand the need for market access. We also understand the need for economic growth,” they said.
“Right now, if you look at this time in our economy, it makes perfect sense for the federal government to be investing in infrastructure. This will create jobs as well as give us a more productive economy going forward.”
Mary Moran, president and CEO of Calgary Economic Development, was one of those who met with Mihychuk on Monday. They say they felt positive coming out of the talks, which covered topics ranging from Calgary's workforce to ways to diversify the Albertan economy.
“It really was about aligning our efforts to have a greater impact and to have a coordinated effort on the Canadian talent here,” Moran said.
“I'm really impressed with how open and acceptable the Liberal government has been … I think they're really keen on solving Alberta's problems and understand the urgency in Calgary.”
Specific details on programs, however, are still months away.
“Stay tuned,” Hehr said. “Budget comes out in February.”
emcintosh@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/EmmaMcintosh
As they drifted in and out of a coma in intensive care, their face and chest horrifically burned in a life-threatening acid attack, Andreas Christopheros tortured themselves with the thought that they would never again see their toddler son, Theo. Blinded in their right eye and with little hope of saving what little vision remained in their left, they were heartbroken.
'And if I did, would they recognise me? Would I look like a monster to him?' Andreas says. 'The idea of not being able to see them crucified me. Not to be able to watch them change and mature. To see them on their first day at school.
'All the things a parent wants to witness as their child grows up.
Ordeal: Andreas Christopheros, 30, with their 33-year-old wife Pia and their two-year-old son Theo
'Of course what I wasn't aware of then was that Pia, my wife, had been told by doctors that the chances of my surviving the attack at all were very, very low. For her, the greatest fear was not that I would lose my sight, but that I would lose my life.'
Andreas need not have worried about their young son's reaction when they first saw their father, some two months after the December 2014 attack. Their voice breaking, Andreas hugs Theo, now two, and clasps their wriggling son close as they describe that heartstopping meeting.
'Theo took one look at me, then ran to Pia, burying their head in their arms. Then they looked back at me, held out their arms and shouted: "Daddy, Daddy. It's you." They launched themselves into my arms and clung on to me like a little monkey. They wouldn't let go for about 40 minutes.'
Agony: Andreas before the acid attack, left, and, right, their attacker Dave Phillips, who has been jailed for life
Recovery: Andreas in hospital. In the past ten months they have undergone endless, painful skin grafts
For Andreas, the past ten months since David Phillips – a man they had never met or seen before – hurled acid at them in a doorstep ambush, have been a huge personal battle.
They have dealt uncomplainingly with their disfigurement, endured endless, painful skin grafts, in which delicate skin from their inner thighs has been used to mask their deep facial scars, and spent agonising hours have surgery on their eyes – which now no longer close – chest and neck. They wear a transparent, silicone 'compression' mask to protect their skin, which is prone to tightening and is extremely sensitive.
As Andreas, 30, readily admits, before the attack they and their family had lived an idyllic life, in which terror and fear played no part.
Their father was a self-made business person and Andreas followed them into the family property management and events business.
Andreas had enjoyed a happy childhood, was privately educated and excelled at university. They and Pia had been married only a year.
'Acid attacks. Threats. These were the things of a life we didn't inhabit. We lived in a picturesque Cornish hamlet. Violence. Police investigations. These were things we saw only on the television screen.'
Fears: After the attack, Andreas tortured themselves with the thought that they would never again see their son, Theo
Support: Andreas is rebuilding their life with the help of their wife, Pia, and son, Theo, pictured together
Much of that changed overnight. Today the couple are wary, more watchful, their lives tinged with suspicion and doubt. The horror of the attack continues to haunt them.
In the first few days of their long struggle back to some semblance of health and normality, one other thought tortured Andreas. They were the first words they uttered when they were eventually able to communicate: 'Who would do this to me?'
HORRIFIC WEAPON CAN BE EASILY BOUGHT ON THE HIGH STREET There has been an alarming rise in acid attacks in the UK, doubling in a decade to 106 last year. In some high-profile cases, acid has been used as a weapon of revenge following romantic disputes – such as the notorious attack on Katie Piper in 2008 that was arranged by a former boyfriend. Police say the attackers are using household chemicals, such as sulphuric acid – easily obtained from High Street stores – and the fluid from car batteries, making it difficult to regulate their sale and possession in the same way as other weapons. Sulphuric acid is sold without restriction as a drain cleaner at up to 98 per cent strength. There have been 18 acid attacks in the past three months alone. Last month, Carla Whitlock, 37, lost an eye in an attack in Southampton. Naomi Oni, a Victoria's Secret shop assistant, was disfigured when they were attacked by a jealous ex-friend in Dagenham, East London, in 2012. Victim: Last month, Carla Whitlock, pictured before the attack, lost an eye in an attack in Southampton
On Friday, the man who committed the attack, David Phillips, was sentenced to life imprisonment at Truro Crown Court after finally admitting their guilt and confessing that Andreas had done nothing at all to provoke the attack. They were simply the victim of mistaken identity.
We now know that Phillips decided to take matters into their own hands when a family member was sexually assaulted. They wrongly identified Andreas' home outside Truro as the address where the man who had carried out the assault lived.
On December 9 last year they drove 300 miles from their home in Hastings, East Sussex, to exact their misplaced and terrifying revenge.
It is not a date Andreas or Pia are likely to forget. Andreas was working on their computer by the front window, while Pia was upstairs nursing Theo, who had a fever.
'I remember idly watching a red Peugeot Partner van driving slowly towards the house,' Andreas recalls. 'My father owns one exactly the same and for a second I thought it was him. Then I remembered they were in Cyprus. I think I assumed it was a Christmas parcel being delivered.
'I opened the door and a man I had never seen before was standing on the doorstep. They were holding a large beaker in their hand. In one moment, they shouted, 'This is for you, mate,' and flung their arm up towards me.'
The beaker, filled to the brim with car battery acid, hurtled up towards the ceiling, sending a spray of acid across Andreas's face and neck and showering down on to their torso.
'I've never felt pain like it,' Andreas admits. 'My eyes, my face, were on fire. I stumbled down the hall, heading for the kitchen. I knew it was vital to get water on my face as soon as possible. All the time I was screaming at Pia to phone 999. My shirt was disintegrating, I could feel my face melting.'
Upstairs, shocked by their husband's cries, Pia raced to see what had happened. In their stockinged feet they ran through the acid on the carpet, burning their soles.
'My first sight of Andreas was truly shocking,' Pia says, as they gently stroke their husband's pitted and scarred face. 'It was as though their face was dying. Melting.'
As Pia, 33, phoned for an ambulance, Andreas dashed into the street, knocking on neighbours' doors, desperate to find someone with medical knowledge to help.
'It took about 20 minutes for the ambulance to arrive. It seemed like hours,' says Andreas. By now, police had arrived and Pia, frantic to help their husband but worried about their baby son alone upstairs, was distraught. Andreas was whisked to the local hospital where doctors decided they needed to be immediately flown by medical plane to Swansea hospital, one of the UK's major burns units.
'My last memory before lapsing into a coma was of a doctor leaping on to the trolley I was lying upon, straddling my chest and pouring bag after bag of saline into my eyes in the hope of saving my sight.'
Investigation: A police officer at the family home in Devon where the attack happened in December last year
That evening, as Andreas lay in intensive care, doctors gently told Pia that such were the severity of their burns, they were unlikely to survive the night. 'It was the longest night of my life,' they say. 'I could only look at Andreas and will them to live. The burns, their eyesight, they were all things we could overcome. I just couldn't lose him.'
Before medics had whisked them into the ambulance, Andreas had managed to tell police about the red van. During the long weeks they lay in hospital, enduring skin grafts and battling to save their sight – they eventually retained partial sight in their left eye only – officers viewed CCTV footage of the red van, which led them to Phillips, who initially denied any involvement.
Determined: Andreas and Pia Christopheros
It was only at their trial two weeks ago that they pleaded guilty to unlawfully and maliciously cause grievous bodily harm with intent. Charges of perverting the course of justice against their wife, Nicole – who had given them a false alibi – were subsequently dropped. Andreas was in court on Friday to see Phillips being sentenced and they admit that facing their attacker was more difficult than they had expected.
'Life was the right decision,' they say. 'As I walked past, Phillips touched their heart and said, "Sorry." I said nothing. Nothing at all.'
Andreas is determined their disfigured face will not destroy their life. 'It's a hiccup, a major one, but slowly I have learned to expect what to see when I look in a mirror.'
While in hospital, Andreas had asked the nurses to cover all the mirrors, unwilling to see the extent of their burns. Eventually, though, they decided to take their first look. 'It wasn't as awful as I imagined. And, of course, I had been worrying what Theo would make of it.'
When Andreas returned home after several weeks of surgery, their hopes of concentrating on quietly overcoming their disabilities were dashed. It wasn't just the array of fresh challenges they faced, such as their new sensitivity to sunlight which meant they could only travel outside in the back of their car with thick blankets pinned to its windows to prevent any sunlight penetrating.
Instead, to their horror and disbelief, police told them they and their family's lives were in danger as the attacker had not yet been found.
Panic buttons were installed in the house and Andreas carried a personal alarm at all times. 'I found the whole thing terrifying,' says Pia, 'In the supermarket, I would suddenly panic, wondering if the man or woman next to me was going to attack me. I became terrified of allowing Theo out of my sight.'
Eventually, the family moved out of their home and, while Andreas believes they could return, Pia wants to sell the house and start afresh.
'I still dream constantly of acid attacks,' they admit. 'Returning to that house would be very difficult for me.'
There was another challenge the family had to face. Much of the police investigation centred on establishing a motive for the attack. And to do so they had to trawl every aspect of the couple's private life.
'For a long time afterwards I felt like the criminal, not the victim,' says Andreas. 'Pia and I had no secrets left. I understand completely why police had to examine everything – our laptops, iPhones and iPads. They needed to discover if there was something in my life that was wrong. It was a very unnerving process.
'I would lie in bed at night going through people I knew. Could it be a disgruntled tenant, someone who believed I had slighted them?'
Treatment: Andreas, pictured arriving at court last week in their first public appearance since the attack, wears a transparent, silicone 'compression' mask to protect their skin, which is prone to tightening
It has been difficult to accept that, instead, they were the victim of mistaken identity. 'Phillips' defence team made much of how the effect of a sexual assault on a family member had "put them in an impossible position",' Andreas says. 'I find that phrase insulting. There can be no justification for what they did.
'There have been times when I have howled with hysterical tears. But I am never going to allow what happened to define me.
President Donald Trump has selected General HR McMaster as their National Security Adviser. Trump has also selected Keith Kellogg as their chief of staff for the National Security Council. Kellogg was serving as acting adviser.
Trump made the announcement during a brief press conference on Monday in Florida, calling McMaster “a man of tremendous talent and tremendous experience.”
The White House said Trump had been considering several candidates for the position since Gen. Michael Flynn resigned from the post last Tuesday over a scandal concerning phone conversations with the Russian ambassador. Among the candidates were Kellogg; former US Ambassador to the UN John Bolton; McMaster; and the superintendent of West Point, Lt. Gen. Robert Caslen.
Read more
“I'm grateful to you for that opportunity, and I look forward to joining the national security team and doing everything that I can to advance and protect the interests of the American people," McMaster said at President Trump's Mar-a-Lago resort on Monday.
The national security adviser is an independent aide to the president and, as such, does not require confirmation by the US Senate. McMaster will be expected to attend National Security Council meetings along with the heads of the State Department, the Department of Defense and key security agencies.
Gen. McMaster is a currently serving career Army officer. They served in the Persian Gulf War and the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq, and has the nickname, “The Iconoclast General.”
In 1997, McMaster wrote a book entitled “Dereliction of Duty,” which was critical of military officers in the Vietnam War for not challenging President Lyndon Johnson and Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara over the White House's Vietnam strategy. It was considered a seminal book on the principle of military responsibility to confront civilian bosses when a war strategy isn't working.
A West Point graduate, McMaster has a PhD in US history from the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. They have also served as a senior consulting fellow at the International Institute of Strategic Studies in London.
In an April 2015 speech at the University of South Florida, McMaster encouraged the US to “adapt” its concept of war, away from “a narcissistic approach” that "define[s] war only in relation to us," toward one of “a continuous interaction with complex environments and determined enemies,”according to the Tampa Bay Times.
“The military-industrial complex may represent a greater threat to us than at any time in history,” McMaster added, referencing the ominous farewell address by President Dwight Eisenhower.
The general's concern centered around the Department of Defense's financial resources being taken for granted by profiteers, including not just weapons manufacturers but think tanks as well.
“And so where are these investments going in defense right now? They are going into areas that involve really big ticket items, that preserves the large capital transfer to defense industries and continue to bolster employment,” they said, adding, “When you see studies that are produced about the future of war or studies that are produced about certain aspects of defense strategy, you ought to look to see who is funding it.”
Midwest rap duo The Cool Kids have announced that they'll end their brief hiatus this year and will release a new album called Shark Week. The last project members Chuck Inglish and Sir Michael Rocks put out as a duo was their debut studio album When Fish Ride Bicycles in 2011. Since then, they've been working as solo artists, building their individual brands and exploring new opportunities.
Chuck Inglish made the announcement on Twitter yesterday to the surprise and delight of their fans. One of those excited fans included Tyler, The Creator, who asked Chuck if they were back together finally. "Never stopped...It was just a timeout," Chuck responded.
Interestingly enough, Michael Rocks told All Hip Hop in late 2012 that they and Inglish weren't going to continue as The Cool Kids, for that matter. "I don't think we're gonna come out again as The Cool Kids," they said. "We'll probably do something else, but as The Cool Kids and as Shark Week, no, those ideas are done, and we're on to something different now." That tide began to turn in 2013, though, with The Cool Kids hooking back up to release "Swervin.'" Along with Shark Week, Chuck Inglish plans to release their solo debut album Convertibles this year.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
With reunions from OutKast and Clipse already in the works for 2014, this is gearing up to be Year of the Rap Duo Comeback.
[via HHDX]
RELATED: Interview: Chuck Inglish Talks Acting, Debut Album "Convertibles" And Work With Sir Michael Rocks
RELATED: Listen: Chuck Inglish f/ Sir Michael Rocks "Swervin'"
RELATED: Premiere: The Cool Kids f/ Aaron LaCrate "Footwork"
Al-Jazeera's Sami al-Haj, the only journalist to have been detained in Guantánamo, talks about media coverage of the issue and how their life has changed
Following the latest news on Guantánamo Bay has been a frustrating experience for Sami al-Haj, the only journalist to have been detained at the US camp. Recent coverage has been highly misleading, they say, for instance when dealing with the release of detainees to the "paradise islands" of Palau and Bermuda. The New York Times ran the headline: "Out of Guantánamo, Uighurs bask in Bermuda".
"Even if you put someone in hell, they are going to say it's great, because they just left Guantánamo," says the Al Jazeera reporter.
"The media is not asking the real questions: how are they going to be reunited with their families? What are they going to live from once they are released? How is their security going to be guaranteed? … Many ex-detainees are suffering. Getting back to daily life is so hard that some even say they want to go back to Guantánamo."
Many media outlets are no longer asking questions about what still goes on inside. "The media does not talk as much about Guantánamo as before. But there are still many men inside and the torture continues."
We are thousands of kilometres away from Cuba, in tranquil Oslo, where the 40-year-old Sudanese is taking part in a conference, but the US base is never far away from al-Haj's thoughts. Their walk is stiff, the result of a beating that shattered their knee. Their body still suffers from the consequences of their 478-day-long hunger strike to protest at their detention. The youthful, slightly round face on their Al Jazeera photo byline has aged beyond their years. And then there are the flashbacks.
"Sometimes I wake up and I think I am still in Guantánamo," says al-Haj. "Or it happens when I hear noises, when I see light, or I hear dogs or shoutings. I feel bad when I hear these things. But with the help of my psychological doctor, I feel my situation is (getting better). I wish in the near future I will become normal."
The former cameraman was illegally detained and tortured by US authorities for seven years, before being released in May 2008. Since then, al-Haj has been campaigning on behalf of detainees, past and present. They plan a legal case against the former US president George Bush and other officials, on behalf of all Guantánamo detainees. "I need them to go to court … we don't want (what happened to us) to be repeated again," they say.
The legal action will be conducted by an organisation co-founded by al-Haj, the Guantánamo Justice Centre, which will establish its international HQ in Geneva, Switzerland, and led by the British ex-detainee Moazzam Begg. A British branch will open this month.
Back to work
The journalist has also gone back to work at Al Jazeera's headquarters in Doha, where is heading a new section dedicated to issues of civil liberties and human rights. "Before I got out of Guantánamo, the people inside told me: 'Don't forget us.' So I believe that with my new section, I can help them," they say.
Al-Haj is frustrated with the way other journalists cover the subject and they believe the media is giving an easy ride to the current US president. "They believe Obama and their promises, but they have not kept them. Obama said they would immediately close Guantánamo Bay when they came to power. They have not. They said they would bring the people who committed torture to trial. They have not."
Al-Haj's ordeal began when Pakistani police arrested them in December 2001 while on their way to Afghanistan as a cameraman with an Al Jazeera crew. They detained only him, over some alleged irregularity with their passport, and handed them over three weeks later to US forces, which sent them to Bagram air base in Afghanistan, where, according to Amnesty International, they were severely mistreated.His interrogations in Afghanistan repeatedly focused on their employer. "They were constantly asking me about Al Jazeera and whether it had links with Osama bin Laden and Al Qaeda," recalls al-Haj. US authorities have often cited their job at Al Jazeera as a reason why they considered them a danger.
Al-Haj was flown to Cuba in June 2002. According to Amnesty International, they were repeatedly beaten, subjected to racist abuse and denied medicine, with military dogs used to intimidate him. When they and other detainees began a protest hunger strike in 2003, they were placed in isolation and taken to the harshest camp in Guantánamo.
When al-Haj recalls their time in detention, their speech slows down and their gaze, which had held steady until then, floats in the distance. "The life in Guantánamo... We are feeling like we are not human beings," they say. "The guards respected the animals more than (they did) us."
How did they survive their ordeal? "Two things helped me. First my faith. I know that God would not abandon me because They knew I was innocent. Second my profession. I lived inside Guantánamo as a journalist. It was a chance for me to leave among the detainees, see how they dealt with (their situations) and hear their stories."
What would they tell George Bush if they ever met him? Without hesitation, al-Haj says: "'Be courageous and say that you made a mistake. I will forgive you.' If they said: 'Yes, I made mistake,' we would leave them alone, we would forgive him." They pause, and then adds with a half-smile: "But I doubt they do."
HIV adapts in a surprising way to survive and thrive in its hiding spot within the human immune system, scientists have learned. While the finding helps explain why HIV remains such a formidable foe after three decades of research - more than 30 million people worldwide are infected with HIV - it also offers scientists a new, unexpected way to try to stop the virus.
The work by researchers at the University of Rochester Medical Center and Emory University was published Dec. 10 in the Journal of Biological Chemistry.
It's thanks largely to its ability to hide out in the body that HIV is able to survive for decades and ultimately win out against the body's relentless immune assault. One of the virus's favorite hiding spots is an immune cell called a macrophage, whose job is to chew up and destroy foreign invaders and cellular debris.
For more than 15 years, Baek Kim, Ph.D., has been fascinated by HIV's ability to take cover in a cell whose very job is to kill foreign cells. In the last couple of years Kim, professor of Microbiology and Immunology at the University of Rochester Medical Center, has teamed with Emory scientist Raymond F. Schinazi, Ph.D., D.Sc., director of the Laboratory of Biochemical Pharmacology at Emory's Center for AIDS Research, to test whether the virus is somehow able to sidestep its usual way of replicating when it's in the macrophage.
The pair found that when HIV faces a shortage of the molecular machinery needed to copy itself within the macrophage, the virus adapts by bypassing one of the molecules it usually uses and instead tapping another molecule that is available.
Normally, the virus uses dNTP (deoxynucleoside triphosphate, the building blocks for making the viral genetic machinery) to get the job done, but dNTP is hardly present in macrophages - macrophages don't need it, since they don't replicate. But macrophages do have high levels of a closely related molecule called rNTP (ribonucleoside triphosphate), which is more versatile and is used in cells in a variety of ways. The team found that HIV uses primarily rNTP instead of dNTP to replicate inside macrophages.
"The virus would normally just use dNTP, but it's simply not available in great quantities in the macrophage. So HIV begins to use rNTP, which is quite similar from a chemical perspective. This is a surprise," said Kim. "The virus just wants to finish replicating, and it will utilize any resource it can to do so."
When the team blocked the ability of the virus to interact with rNTP, HIV's ability to replicate in macrophages was slashed by more than 90 percent.
The work opens up a new front in the battle against HIV. Current drugs generally target dNTP, not rNTP, and take aim at the infection in immune cells known at CD4+ T cells. The new research opens up the possibility of targeting the virus in macrophages - where the virus is out of reach of most of today's drugs.
"The first cells that HIV infects in the genital tract are non-dividing target cell types such as macrophages and resting T cells" said Kim. "Current drugs were developed to be effective only when the infection has already moved beyond these cells. Perhaps we can use this information to help create a microbicide to stop the virus or limit its activity much earlier."
Kim notes that a compound that targets rNTP already exists. Cordycepin in an experimental compound, derived from wild mushrooms, that is currently being tested as an anti-cancer drug. The team plans to test similar compounds for anti-HIV activity.
"This significant breakthrough was unappreciated prior to our paper. We are now exploiting new anti-HIV drugs jointly based on this novel approach that are essentially not toxic and that can be used to treat and prevent HIV infections," said Schinazi, who has developed several of the drugs currently used to treat HIV patients.
###
The first authors of the paper, who contributed equally to the project, are graduate students Edward Kennedy of Rochester and Christina Gavegnano of Emory. Other authors include, from Rochester, graduate students Laura Nguyen, Rebecca Slater and Amanda Lucas; and from Emory, post-doctoral associate Emilie Fromentin.
The work was funded by the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases and the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, where Schinazi is also employed.
Part one of this series, “The High Cost of Low Taxes,” noted that while Americans enjoy a tax burden lower than that of other wealthy countries, we also pay four times as much as they do, on average, for out-of-pocket “social costs” in the private sector – on health care, retirement security, disability and unemployment insurance, and the rest of the safety net. When you add up what we pay in taxes and what we pay out of pocket, the US spends about the same amount on social costs overall as some of the most generous, heavily taxed social democracies, but we get a far less secure safety net in return.
The federal government doesn't have a deficit problem. Its fiscal issues are entirely related to the bloated cost of American health care. If we paid the same amount for health care per person as people do in other wealthy countries with longer average life expectancies, we'd have a balanced budget now and surpluses projected for the future.
But those are just numbers on a spreadsheet. Fran and Randy Malott understand those costs more viscerally. The Whittier, Calif., couple aren't living the American dream right now. They haven't for a while. They were slammed when Wall Street's house of cards came tumbling down, and now they're feeling the squeeze of the Great American Rip-off.
Fran lost their job as a customer service representative in 2009, at the height of the Great Recession. “A lot of companies are getting rid of customer service these days,” explains Randy. They lost their job managing a temp agency a year or so later. The Malotts are two of what Paul Krugman called “the forgotten millions” – the long-term unemployed who face unique barriers to reentering the workforce, including discrimination by potential employers just because they've been out of work for an extended period. “And our age doesn't help either,” says Randy. He's 59 and she's 60. “There was unemployment for a while,” Randy says, “and now we're getting by on savings.”
They tell Moyers & Company, “we live pretty frugally,” but the $1,600 a month they're forking over for health insurance represents about half their total spending. The Malotts are a healthy couple, yet they're watching their life savings drain away, in large part due to their health insurance company. The $140,000 the Malotts had socked away for retirement is now down to around $45,000. “We've got quite a ways to go before Social Security and Medicare kick in,” says Randy.
The Malotts are in a tough spot, like a lot of people who find themselves in similar circumstances. Studies have shown that long-term unemployment causes stress and illness. In the rest of the world's highly developed countries, the Malotts' health care would be covered by their government – the risk of long-term unemployment would be spread across an entire society – which means they'd have one less serious stressor, and around $45,000 more in the bank than they do today.
When Competition Drives Up Costs
The US system is a stark testament to the fact that, at least when it comes to health care, more competition doesn't lead to lower prices or better outcomes.
Three facts are indisputable. First, the $8,500 we spent per person on health care in 2011 was around $5,000 more than the average among developed countries in the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) — and almost $3,000 more than the average in Switzerland, which was the next highest spender.
Second, multiple studies have found that we have significantly poorer health outcomes than most developed countries (see here, and here) – by some measures, we rank dead last. And it's not just because we have higher rates of poverty and inequality — a study conducted by the National Research Council and the Institute for Medicine accounted for those factors and found that, as Grace Rubenstein summarized for The Atlantic, “even white, well-off Americans live sicker and die sooner than similarly situated people elsewhere.” (American men are also becoming shorter relative to men in other highly developed countries – the average height of a population is a proxy for the quality of prenatal health care and nutrition.)
Finally, we rely much more heavily on the private sector to finance our health care than any other wealthy country. Every developed state finances health care through a mix of private and public spending, but the balance between private and public health care in the US looks different from the rest of the wealthy world. Across the OECD countries, governments pick up 72 percent of the tab for health care, but our government finances just under 48 percent – only the Chilean government covers a smaller share (XL). (In the eight social democracies with the highest tax burdens in the OECD — Denmark, Sweden, Norway, Belgium, Italy, France, Austria and Finland — 79 percent of health costs are financed through the public sector.)
There are several reasons why our outsized reliance on the private sector ends up costing us so dearly. The first is a simple matter of scale. In 2009, at the height of the debate over Obamacare, economist Josh Bivens wrote that “health care is an area where the more costs are loaded up on the federal government, the more efficiently care tends to be delivered overall.” This is a big reason why costs in America's public health care programs, with their purchasing clout, have grown more slowly than they have in the private sector.
When a single-payer system covers a vast pool of people, it has more bargaining power to negotiate with providers. It needs significantly less administrative overhead to figure out who will pay which bill (a question which is regularly litigated). A 2003 study published in the New England Journal of Medicine found that three out of every 10 health care dollars spent in the US goes to administrative costs rather than care.
And in health care, competition often drives costs up rather than down. According to Adam Linker, a policy analyst with the Health Access coalition, Medicare costs are highest where there are the most treatment facilities competing for patients. They write:
More competition drives up the cost of care because when several hospitals are competing for patients and doctors they feel more pressure to build more beds, provide more amenities, and purchase the latest expensive gadgets. Instead of focusing on patient preference and improving care, hospitals are in an arms race to gain market share. That makes health care more expensive for everyone.
A 2011 study by the Robert Woods Foundation found that new medical technologies are the number one driver of US health care costs. When it comes to purchasing the latest gadgets, our providers are close to the top of the heap: In 2009, only Japan had more MRI machines and CT scanners per million people than the U.S. And we use them, too, getting twice as many MRIs and CT scans per person as the OECD average.
Health Care as a Commodity
All of these differences in how we pay for health care may pale next to a more fundamental one: We view health care as a commodity and allow providers to set prices as high as the market will bear. The problem with that is that health care is a market in which we often don't have enough information to shop and choose, and because most of us have a good chunk of our costs picked up by a third party – an insurance company – the market often ends up bearing ludicrously high costs.
It may sound obvious, but the biggest reason we spend so much on health care is not only because insurance companies take out profits and overhead — it's that health care costs us more than citizens of other wealthy countries. Everything from pharmaceuticals to surgical procedures to tests costs us more than citizens of other rich countries (the linked study found only a single exception: cataract surgeries cost more in Switzerland). Even a basic checkup is more expensive here than in other highly developed states.
A big reason for that is that government cost controls – both soft and hard – are common in the rest of the world. Pharmaceuticals provide a good example. We paid $947 per person for prescription drugs in 2009, on average, which was almost double the $487 per person in the OECD as a whole, but we don't take twice as many pills. We just let big pharma charge whatever it can get away with.
Some other countries only approve drugs at a price that's in line with what those medications cost in other countries. Many countries evaluate new drugs not only on safety and efficacy, but also on whether they provide better value than existing medications. The U.K. has a board that sets the amount that its National Health Service will pay for a drug and limits how much profit drug companies can make from the British public.
As Jonathan Wolff, a professor at the University College London described it:
Each year pharmaceutical companies have to open their books to the [National Health Service] accountants and if the profits they make are above a certain level then there is a ‘clawback'. Furthermore, the agreements have to be renewed every few years and each time price cuts are negotiated as part of the contract. Hence although it appears that drug companies can charge what they want, in practice there are both price controls and profit controls, enforced by the government.
US big pharma, like other providers, argues that it needs to charge high prices to pay for innovative new research. But a 2006 study by the Congressional Budget Office found that the pharmaceutical industry already benefited greatly from government-sponsored research: Much of the $25 billion the federal government spent on basic scientific research accrued to an industry that itself spent $39 billion on research and development. And, as economist Dean Baker has argued, there are other, more efficient ways to finance drug research, but they would also require more, not less, involvement by the government.
Shackled by Private Health Care
Our sky-high health care costs place a huge burden on American families. Medical bills are the leading cause of bankruptcies in this country, ahead of credit card debt and unwieldy mortgages. Rising costs for health benefits are a big reason for flat wages: What employers pay in total compensation, including health benefits, has grown a lot faster than wages in recent years.
Conservatives believe that more government involvement in health care will lead to less freedom and personal liberty, but when it comes to health care, the opposite is true. Why? First, because private insurers aren't in the business of liberty. They set rules on what they'll cover and give you lists of doctors you can see without paying extra out-of-network costs. Until new regulations were enacted under the Affordable Care Act, they shopped for the cheapest customers, denying coverage for people with preexisting conditions and using fine print to deny payments to those they did cover.
But on a more fundamental level, millions of Americans are trapped by high private health care costs – stuck in dead-end relationships or jobs that they hate because leaving would mean shouldering the entire burden themselves. It's not only a rip-off, but a big part of the high costs we end up paying to keep taxes low.
Next in the series: How our low tax burden makes the financing of our social welfare system less fair for average working people.
Playlist Mover - Guinea Pigs Needed
This is an ostensibly simple program. It only works with iTunes on a PC. I was moving my computer and needed to move the playlists over and didn't find anything that would do it so I tried to cobble something together myself with C#. Export XML versions of the iTunes playlists on the computer you want them moved from and import them into the new computer. This is alpha software so expect a lot of crashes.
Download Playlist Mover 0.26
.NET 4.52 is required for ths program to run. You can get it at Microsoft's .NET 4.52 page. I don't believe this program works with any OS older than Windows 7. I am certain it doesn't work with Windows XP.
This program is alpha software and comes with no guarantees, you use it at your own risk and I am not liable for anything that goes wrong because of it. You can email me bug reports here.
Version Updates
0.26 (8/5/15)
m3u special characters path fix (now encodes the files in ISO-8859-1, to force Unicode encoding save with the extension .m3u8), now saved in Visual Studio 2015
0.25
Now exports to m3u for wider compatibility
0.23
First version, almost stable enough to be alpha
You read that right.
New Buffalo Sabres head coach Dan Byslma got real honest about their feelings towards right wing Patrick Kaleta, who has spent their entire pro career in the Sabres' system. A player known for his, shall we say, rough style of play, Kaleta has long drawn the ire of many a coach. Including, it seems, the guy who will now lord over the Sabres bench.
Bylsma on Kaleta: "I let them know, 'I'm trying to like you. I'm trying to put it behind me,' but … they still do inspire that in me." 2/2 — John Vogl (@BuffNewsVogl) September 19, 2015
Picture for a moment what that “In The Room” episode would look like, where Byslma sits around like they once did in Pittsburgh, picking at players and casually mentioning that if Kaleta were to take a puck to the face next week it wouldn't be the worst thing.
That's great TV.
Anyway, given that Kaleta is currently signed to a contract just with the Sabres' AHL affiliate, the Rochester Americans, and will join the big club on a professional tryout only, how much Byslma likes them as a person could be a relatively moot point. Does the 29-year-old fourth-liner who scored no goals (on an admittedly sub-par team) last season have anything to offer him?
Let the games begin.
Al Jazeera says it had a second, "impeccably placed" source to back up the network's recent assertion that human growth hormone shipments were provided to Peyton Manning's wife.
The network's documentary "The Dark Side" attributed the charge to Charlie Sly, a former worker at the Guyer Institute of Molecular Medicine where Manning was treated.
On undercover tapes aired by Al Jazeera, Sly said "all the time we would be sending Ashley Manning drugs. Like growth hormone, all the time, everywhere, Florida. And it would never be under Peyton's name, it would always be under their name."
Sly subsequently recanted what they said on the tapes, calling their statements "absolutely false and incorrect."
But Al Jazeera reporter Deborah Davies is standing by the statements. In an interview on Sunday's "Reliable Sources," they said "we had a second source" that corroborated Sly's information.
Davies said they could not identify the anonymous source, but called the person "absolutely impeccably placed, knowledgeable, and credible," someone who gave Al Jazeera more confidence in what Sly said on tape.
They said the source confirmed that shipments of HGH, or human growth hormone, were "repeatedly sent to Ashley Manning in Florida and other places in the U.S."
Ashley Manning has not denied receiving shipments of HGH. But Peyton Manning has denied taking any of it.
They called the overall report "garbage" and told ESPN "any medical treatments that my wife received, that's their business. That has nothing to do with me."
Asked to comment on Davies' assertion about a second source, Ari Fleischer, who is representing the Mannings, said in an email, "It doesn't matter if Al Jazeera has one source or ten sources about Ashley. It's meaningless."
"Given the fact that Peyton publicly said they never took anything sent to Ashley, and Tom Condon, Peyton's agent, said any medication shipped to Ashley was by prescription and taken solely by her, what difference does it make about Ashley?" Fleischer said. "The only thing left to Al Jazeera's story is an attempt to violate Ashley Manning's medical privacy."
Fleischer added, "You notice Deborah Davies didn't say Peyton is already on record saying they didn't take their wife's medicine. Once they acknowledge that, there is no legitimate journalistic purpose in pursuing their wife."
Davies disagrees. Other players have been linked to HGH use in the past, they said. And in this case, "when Sly says an anti-aging clinic is shipping HGH to the wife of a player, that is part of a whole trail of evidence and it does raise questions."
Questions, but not answers. "I think it's kind of an incremental documentary that is trying to present itself as... a little bit more of a hammer blow," NPR media correspondent David Folkenflik said on "Reliable Sources."
Folkenflik said the documentary should have made mention of the second source and explained "how well-sourced" the person was.
So why didn't Al Jazeera do that?
"I suppose because it would simply have led to another range of speculation, another set of fishing expedition questions," Davies said. "The second source is credible, well-placed, knowledgeable, and cannot be named. And that's all that we can say for now."
They signaled that their reporting on the subject will continue, and they hope others' reporting will, too.
"This is something that will hopefully kick off a bigger debate and raise all sorts of issues," they said.
Watch: "Reliable Sources" panel discussion about the Davies interview
This past weekend I converted my Open Source Universal Remote breadboard layout into a more permanent soldered circuit. I used the Adafruit Protoboard as a base instead of having a custom circuit board printed, which worked out well. The protoboard is perfectly sized for the RaspberryPi and I highly recommend it for any RaspberryPi related hardware projects.
Below, I've attached some high resolution photographs of the finished protoboard (front and back). I've also created separate versions of the photographs which are fully annotated and explain how all of the components are laid out. Please note that I did make one miscalculation in my circuit which I have corrected with a yellow jumper wire. I've pointed out the miscalculation on both annotated photographs.
Parts list:
Schematic:
Project pictures:
All pictures link to a full resolution image (10+ megapixel) which provides plenty of additional resolution for examining the circuit. The annotated photographs should help fill in anything that is unclear. If you have any questions, please leave them in the comments.
If you'd like to read more about this project, here is some further reading:
With living in Cornwall I am very lucky with all that this little side of England has to offer, then I would hardly call Cornwall little. I find that in the summer I do more outdoors exploring than in winter, who could blame me the cold is no fun, do you agree? I did however venture out into the cold over the weekend to enjoy the Eden project with my family- Have you been there before?
As my family and I all had the opportunity to get into the place for free we happily put our coats on and headed that way. I say we put our coats on but if you have been inside the what looks like ‘golf balls' you won't be surprised to hear that we had to take our coats off. Twice a year the Eden project have two weekends available for free entry for anyone that works in care, or even for a charity organisation or for vulnerable people. I myself work with vulnerable adults and my mum works in a charity shop, you also get a plus one on the two weekends a year.
Right away on arrival after walking down from the car park we saw some lovely horses made out of drift wood, the sad story behind them is drift wood can't be repaired leaving the figures slowly breaking over time. Once we showed our proof of employment we walked through some double doors, I felt like I was in a place from Jurassic park and half expected ‘in my imagination' dinosaurs to be roaming around. The scene was breath taking and I fully understand why the place is so popular.
We decided to walk around outside first, Logan enjoyed themselves seeing the different artwork and flowers. I can imagine that the outside is much more beautiful during the summer I will have to go back this to see, have you been there over the summer? If so what is it like?
I remember when I was in school going to the Eden project for the ice-skating, I can't imagine we would have not gone into the domes, my memory is rubbish! We didn't go ice-skating over the weekend as I fell over a few years back really hurting my elbow, I can't be dealing with any broken bones with my clumsiness at the minute.
Logan was such a little explorer! They were disheartened that the poor birds kept running away from him, no wonder with the above right picture… why are they poking the statues eye?! Logan tried so hard to walk around the whole place but their little legs let them down, luckily I did bring the pram and the place was easy enough to go around it. I liked how in the big rainforest dome there were drinking fountains and even a cool room for people if needed- I didn't spot any in the smaller Safari dome but I could be wrong.
The place was very educational which is expected with being a charity base that donates money into rebuilding the wildlife in different areas around the world. I didn't know that every ten seconds a primary area of the forest the size of the bottom right picture burns down, did you? I was also interested in learning about the flowers/plants/trees on the signs around the domes.
How cute are the above pineapples! And wow the bottom lemon is big, the one next to it is a regular sized lemon.
All of the pictures minus the obvious Lemon one and outside ones are all pictures from the rainforest dome, the below pictures are now from the safari dome.
The safari dome was a lot smaller than the rainforest one and so much cooler, I was melting in the reinforest! Just as we walked into the second dome we caught the ending of a little show a man was narrating, all of the kids were sat infront of them fully entertained with their funny impressions.
I had to really explain to Logan why they wouldn't want to eat into a pepper, they luckily listened and moved onto the baskets where you could look at different types of peppers. I started to touch them but stopped once I realised the ‘DO NOT TOUCH' signs.
We didn't stay in the safari dome very long I think after walking around for hours we were all ready to head home. I am looking forward to heading back to the Eden project but next time with Rob, I might try the stairs that overlook the whole dome next time, or watch Rob attempt them. If you have not been here before would you find this a nice family day out like we did?
Augsburg College professor and nurse Kathleen Clark talks with Lee Anthony Cosby at Health Commons at Central Lutheran Church in Minneapolis, Feb. 2, 2015.
As Darryl Brown, a first-time visitor to the Augsburg College Central Health Commons, slid into a big easy chair recently, nursing instructor Kathleen Clark offered to check their blood pressure.
Clark told them the numbers were high.
After learning Brown smokes, Clark decided against a lecture on the health risks of tobacco use.
"People get that all the time," they said with a laugh. "So we're really trying to suspend the judgment in that situation."
Instead they used the easy-going conversation to learn more about the man. With more visits and conversation, they hoped they might decide to quit smoking on their own.
Conversation is a central aim of the work of nurses at the Health Commons, a drop-in center run by Augsburg College faculty and volunteers at Central Lutheran Church in downtown Minneapolis.
Kathleen Clark instructs an Augsburg student at Health Commons. Jeffrey Thompson | MPR News
Augsburg uses Health Commons to help train students in the college's nursing program. Clark, the health center's coordinator, sounds a familiar lament about health care in this country: Everyone is in too big a rush, with not enough time to talk to those they serve.
"[There are] more tasks, more procedures, more documentation, more technology," they said. "And we're not oftentimes allowed the time to sit down and really listen to people."
Clark and their colleagues have a different philosophy. For them, effective nursing is about hospitality. Toward that end, they treat people who arrive for help as visitors rather than patients.
The center does not have exam rooms or do medical tests. People with serious health problems get help to find a doctor, making an appointment and arranging transportation.
Augsburg College started the center 22 years ago. It is open a couple of hours each morning on Monday and Thursday and is funded by Augsburg, Central Lutheran Church and private donations.
The Health Commons is part of a cluster of services called the Restoration Center. Augsburg College, the church and other non-profits help people obtain housing, jobs and health care. There's also a free clothing store.
On Mondays, Central Lutheran Church serves a free midday meal to as many as 350 people. There are also places to rest, use computers and watch TV.
Augsburg assistant professor and nurse Katherine Baumgartner talks with Enrique Barsanas Lopez as he, Virginia Prog, right, and others wait in line at Health Commons. Jeffrey Thompson | MPR News
All of the services are free and there's no limit on how many times people can visit. Many of those who do are homeless.
Clark said the center does not keep records of visitors. But one number remains constant: Staff and volunteers hand out dozens of pairs of socks — one pair per visitor — each day.
Between them, Clark and Baumgartner have years of front line nursing experience — eight for Clark in oncology and more than 30 for Baumgartner in nursing care, nurse management and home health care. Both have traveled extensively overseas to study health care in other countries and cultures.
The hospitality model emerged from such studies, said Katherine Baumgartner, a nursing program professor at Augsburg College who teaches at the Health Commons.
"There are places in the world where people understand that health is created in community," they said. "How do we live with one another, how do we help each other, how do we pay attention to one another, how do we respect each other, how does that foster health and well-being?"
Augsburg College student Jane Timmins, left, and Augsburg staff member Jay Peterson volunteer to hand out free health care items. Jeffrey Thompson | MPR News
The power of the relationships built from the hospitality nursing model practiced at the Health Commons became clear to nurse June Sand, 66, a longtime Health Commons volunteer.
When Sand, had a health problem a few years ago and was recuperating at home, a regular Health Commons visitor pulled into their yard.
"She rode their bike from their apartment to my home in Arden Hills and did my gardening every day for a whole summer," Sand recalled. "Just as a gift. I was just shocked."
Many of the visitors to the Health Commons, including Lee Cosby, are homeless and have foot problems.
"The majority of us beat the street," said Cosby, 56. "That means we walk a lot, so that's why we come and get our feet taken care of."
Health Commons nurses recently helped Cosby get treatment for a foot infection. They returned for treatment, soaking their bruised feet soaking in a blue plastic tub.
But they also enjoy the friendship.
"They make it so pleasant where you know we wish we can stay," Cosby said. "But we know we can't."
Correction (Feb. 23, 2015): An earlier version of this story incorrectly identified Katherine Baumgartner in a photograph. The current version is correct.
Campaign foreign policy aide who attempted to arrange Putin meeting is first to be charged over foreign attempts to interfere in 2016 election
For months the White House has denied collusion with Russia. But in court documents released on Monday, new evidence emerged of an ambitious plot by a former Trump foreign policy aide to arrange a meeting with Vladimir Putin on behalf of the future president. The plan featured a mysterious London professor, a female Russian national inaccurately referred to as “Putin's niece” – and bold promises that the Kremlin was ready to dispense “dirt” on Hillary Clinton.
The most explicit evidence yet of a campaign official's attempts to work with the Kremlin emerged in an indictment brought by Robert Mueller, the special counsel who since May has headed the investigation into Trump-Russia contacts.
Quick guide Who are the key Russian players in the Trump collusion accusations? Show Hide Natalia Veselnitskaya A Russian lawyer whose work has focused on ending US sanctions on Russia and who met with Trump representatives Donald Trump Jr, Jared Kushner and Paul Manafort at Trump Tower in June 2016. Read further. Sergey Kislyak Until recently, the Russian ambassador to the US. A hub for contacts with Trump representatives including Kushner, attorney general Jeff Sessions, former national security adviser Michael Flynn and the president himself. Read further. Sergey Gorkov The Kremlin-connected head of Russian state investment bank Vnesheconombank. They met with Kushner during the presidential transition, but “no specific policies were discussed”, according to Kushner. Read further. Dimitri Simes President of the Center for the National Interest, a Washington thinktank, which hosted an April 2016 foreign policy speech by Trump. Trump, Sessions and Kushner appear to have met with Kislyak at the event, although both Kushner and Sessions have said any meeting was only in passing and they don't recall what was discussed. Read further.
By Tom McCarthy
It came the same day that Trump's former campaign manager Paul Manafort and adviser Rick Gates were indicted for conspiracy, money laundering and other charges, and gave themselves up to the FBI.
Up until now George Papadopoulos, a Greek-American who served as a foreign policy adviser to the Trump campaign and once lived in London, has played a minor role in the scandal. But on Monday they emerged as the first person to agree to cooperate with the Mueller inquiry under the terms of a plea agreement. They also admitted to lying to investigators at the FBI.
Russia inquiry charges: how close does this get to Trump? Read more
The 14-page “statement of offence” unsealed on Monday sets out how in the spring and summer of 2016, Papadopoulos sought tirelessly to forge ties to Kremlin officials – then misled the FBI, and tried to cover up what they had done.
According to the indictment, the FBI questioned Papadopoulos on 27 January 2017, a week after Trump was inaugurated. In that interview, Papadopoulos lied. Or, as the FBI put it, “made material false statements and material omissions”.
In particular, they tried to dupe federal agents about the extensive nature of their contacts with Kremlin officials, and when they first learned that the Russians hacked Hillary Clinton's emails.
Papadopoulos joined Trump's campaign early in March 2016. Days later they spoke to an unnamed Trump “supervisor” who spelled out the campaign's principal foreign policy objective: “and improved US relationship with Russia”.
A week later Papadopoulos flew to Rome where they bumped into a London-based “professor of diplomacy” from a “Mediterranean country”. The professor – identified by the Washington Post as Joseph Mifsud – claimed to have “substantial connections with Russian government officials”.
Mifsud is reportedly based at an institute called the London Academy of Diplomacy.  They are a Maltese former foreign office diplomat, reports say. Interviewed by the Washington Post in August, they said they were not connected to the Russian government.
Papadopoulos, it appeared, saw an opportunity to impress their campaign bosses. According to the FBI, the professor was initially “uninterested” in developing ties, until Papadopoulos revealed their Trump connection. After that they became very keen indeed.
On 24 March there was a follow-up meeting in London. The professor brought a “Russian female national” along with him, who Papadopoulos described in an email afterwards as “Putin's niece”. (Putin does not have a niece.)
Play Video 1:24 Paul Manafort's attorney calls charges 'ridiculous' – video
Papadopoulos told the FBI that their exchanges with this woman were pleasantly innocuous, and amounted to little more than “Hi, how are you?” But this was another fib: in the meantime, they had emailed the Trump campaign supervisor to say they were working on setting up a high-level meeting between “us” and the “Russian leadership”.
The “campaign supervisor” replied: “Great work.”
Then on 31 March, Papadopoulos took part in a meeting in Washington with Trump, the Republican frontrunner, and their national security team. They were pictured seated four chairs away from the candidate. Papadopoulos made an interesting pitch, according to the FBI: they told those seated around the table they could broker a ground-breaking meeting between Putin and Trump.
Back in London, Papadopoulos worked with their new friends to make this happen. They sent emails to the Russian woman, who replied in enthusiastic terms, and to the professor, who told them that they were travelling imminently to Moscow. On 18 April the professor emailed from Moscow introducing Papadopoulos to an influential “individual” with links to Russia's ministry of foreign affairs.
This individual appears to be Ivan Timofeev, a Russian official first identified by the Washington Post in August. Timofeev works for the Moscow-based Russian International Affairs Council. They also lead a programme at the Valdai discussion club, a government organisation that invites western academics for an annual audience with Putin. (Timofeev declined to comment. They have said of Papadopoulos that “George didn't understand the Russian internal political landscape well”.)
On their return to the UK the professor brought intriguing news. In late April, over breakfast in a “London hotel”, they told Papadopoulos that Russia had got “dirt” on Clinton: “They [the Russians] have dirt on them ... they have thousands of emails.” After this bombshell Papadopoulos “continued to communicate” with the Trump campaign and their Russian government interlocutors.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The indictment against George Papadopoulos reveals evidence of an ambitious plot to arrange a meeting with Putin on behalf of Trump. Photograph: Kirill Kudryavtsev/AP
At this point, the Democrats had no idea they had been hacked. They discovered their servers had been breached a few weeks later. Meanwhile, according to non-FBI sources, the British eavesdropping agency GCHQ was passing information to the CIA setting out secret meetings between Trump officials and Russian intelligence operatives. The hacking scandal was not made public until June, two months after Trump's aide had learned of it in London.
According to the FBI, Papadopoulos was upbeat during this period. They told Trump's “senior policy adviser” they had received “some interesting messages coming in from Moscow” and passed on that Russia was interested “in hosting Mr Trump”. They thanked the professor for their “critical help” in setting up a possible meeting. And added: “It's history-making if it happens.”
The Russia scandal has gone from phony war to heavy shelling | Richard Wolffe Read more
Papadopoulos was making history, but for all the wrong reasons.
Across May, June and August there were further emails and updates, plus messages relayed to the Trump campaign with the unambiguous subject line: “Request from Russia to meet Mr. Trump.” Papadopoulos even offered to fly to Moscow himself, if the candidate couldn't make it. Despite their efforts the trip never happened.
Q&A Can presidents pardon themselves? Show Hide It is not clear whether it is possible for US presidents to pardon themselves. The constitution does not explicitly prohibit self-pardons, but it has never been done before. The nearest precedent is supplied by Richard Nixon, who sought advice on the question as they faced the prospect of impeachment for obstruction of justice and abuse of power following the Watergate scandal in the early 1970s. Nixon's personal lawyer advised them that they could pardon himself, but the justice department said they could not, according to Brian C Kalt, a law professor at Michigan State University whose recent book, Constitutional Cliffhangers, devotes a chapter to the issue. Nixon resigned and was eventually pardoned by their successor, president Gerald Ford. "It really is uncharted territory," Kalt said.​ "Anyone who's certain is wrong."
Few of these details were known until Mueller's indictment was unsealed on Monday.
In January 2017 agents interviewed Papadopoulos in Chicago, Illinois, after warning them that lying would be a “federal offence”. They did so anyway – downplaying their contacts, scuffing the timeline and hiding the extensive nature of the email trail.
On 16 February the FBI interviewed them again. The following day Papadopoulos changed their cellphone number and deleted their Facebook account – which they had had since 2005 – in an apparent attempt to bury their exchanges with the professor and the foreign affairs-connected “individual”.
Papadopoulos was arrested without publicity or fuss at Dulles international airport in July. Later they pleaded guilty to lying to the FBI and is described as a “proactive co-operator”.
On Monday, the White House spokesperson, Sarah Huckabee Sanders, dismissed the revelations of the plea agreement, describing Papadopoulos as a “volunteer” on the campaign. But there can be little doubt that the story is deeply problematic for the president.
The Mueller investigation is ongoing and more revelations are likely. Trump's agony may only just be beginning.
the original xbox controllers also used USB so you should be able to wire up ports 3+4 so they can still be used with the original controllers. Also with some soldering you should be able to use the stock power button and eject (use as restart?) and the lights for them. Though you could always just use the wireless 360 controller with the wireless PC adapter.
Haven't seen too many original xbox to PC conversions so this should be good to see the way you go about it.
Also on the software side if this is going to use as a HTPC, you could always install XBMC and even use a 360 theme if you wanted. XBMC should work perfectly fine with a gamepad and would help fit the theme. I use a Logitech K400, Logitech Harmony 650, and Xbox 360 controller for my HTPC, they offer a vary good experience.
With the 2017 recruiting class unfolding, Eagles coach Steve Addazio throws on their best sunglasses and sprinkles glitter on BC's National Signing Day fax. (0:43)
Putting together a football team is a lot like being a master chef, and Boston College Eagles head coach Steve Addazio is sprinkling a little salt and pepper on Wednesday's signings. The social-media-savvy head coach and mastermind of the "Be a Dude" campaign has a new 2017 slogan: "Decide to Fly."
Addazio celebrated national signing day by recreating the "Salt Bae" meme with a national letter of intent. The Salt Bae meme mimics Turkish chef's Nusret Gokce's dramatic culinary exploits. Addazio, in true Salt Bae fashion, puts on some shades and seasons the letter before delivering one message for Wednesday's signees.
How good a chef is Addazio? We'll see if the Eagles soar in the years to come.
-- John Silver
As my morning begins the “BIG” political news appears to be the Republicans agreement of $200 billion dollars in increased tax revenues. The media is acting like this is some major capitulation on the Republicans part. The Republicans, however, since Paul Ryan's budget, have shown a willingness to close tax loop-holes to raise revenues.
Let us remember the President's response to Paul Ryan's budget. They produced an unprecedented second budget proposal. Although, they never formally introduced a second plan, even after their original budget was voted down unanimously by the Senate.
Let us look at some of the major components in the President's proposal:
Raise the tax revenue target from 18-19 percent of the economy (historical) to 21 percent of the economy. Raise net taxes by $1, $2, or $3 trillion over the next decade. A promise of $3 in spending cuts for every $1 in tax hikes. A tax hike “trigger” to pay for higher levels of government spending. Raise the rate at which two-thirds of small business profits face taxation, from 35% to 39.6%. Raise the tax rate on capital gains and dividends from 15% to 23.8% Raise the death tax rate from 35% to 45%, and cut the exemption from $10 million to $3.5 million. No rate target on “tax reform.” . Keep the higher taxes of Obamacare in place.
What are some of those higher taxes in Obamacare?
I'm glad you asked:
the excise tax penalties associated with the individual and employer mandates the 3.8 percent surtax on investment income the “Cadillac plan” tax on health insurance plans the cap on flex accounts that will hurt families with special needs children the hike in the Medicare payroll tax to 3.8 percent the “medicine cabinet tax,” which prevents buying over-the-counter medicines with pre-tax dollars in a FSA, HSA, or HRA the new tax on medical device manufacturers the new limitation on medical itemized deductions the tanning tax
Every time the President uses their ridiculous line about millionaires and billionaires sharing the sacrifice, stop and think. Think about these taxes they want. They are not just for millionaires and billionaires, many of these taxes affect the middle class. While the President claims to want to get only the corporate jet loop-hole, remember they are also eyeing other pockets, many of which are not that deep. Then remember their promise not to raise taxes on anyone making less than $250,000. It is clear that is a promise they are more than willing to break or rather already broke.(The tanning tax has already been implemented.)
Advertisements
Aegirocassis is an extinct genus of anomalocarid arthropod belonging to the family Hurdiidae that lived 480 million years ago during the early Ordovician. It is known by a single species, Aegirocassis benmoulai. A fossil of A. benmoulai from the Fezouata biota, Morocco was discovered by and named after Mohamed Ben Moula, a fossil collector who recognized its rare characteristics and brought it to the notice of a professional paleontologist, Peter Van Roy, at the Ghent University in Belgium.[3]
Aegirocassis benmoulai Life reconstruction of
Van Roy initiated scientific study of the fossil,[4] the earliest known of a "giant" filter-feeder discovered to date.[5] Aegirocassis is considered to have evolved from early predatory anomalocarids.[6] At the time of its existence, A. benmoulai was possibly the largest animal in the world.[3] The length was described as exceeding 2.0 metres (6.6 ft) in the scientific journal Nature.[1]
The fossil was preserved with exceptional three-dimensional detail, unlike most other anomalocarid fossils, in which the animals are flattened.[7] The quality of three-dimensional preservation has shed light on the nature of anomalocarid trunk flaps. Each trunk segment of the Aegirocassis benmoulai specimen has both a ventral and a dorsal pair of flaps. Several details seen clearly in the specimen led to a review and reassessment of research of existing specimens and, most importantly, to the conclusion that the ventral pair are homologous with lobopodous walking limbs in arthropods, and the dorsal pair are homologous with the flaps of gilled lobopodians and exites of the Cambrian biramous limb.[1][8]
Note on taxonomy [ edit ]
The species was originally termed A. benmoulae, but was corrected to A. benmoulai to comply with the terms of the ICZN.[2]
Exploiting CERN's know-how in trapping single particles, a team in Heidelberg has found that the proton is lighter than we thought
A team in Germany has made the most precise measurement to date of the mass of a single proton, the particle that – together with the neutron and the electron – makes up all the ordinart matter in the universe, and therefore also us. They found that the proton is about 30 billionths of a percent lighter than previously thought. The result improves by a factor of three on the precision of the accepted value of the Committee on Data for Science and Technology (CODATA) – which regularly collects and publishes the recommended values of fundamental physical constants – and it also disagrees with its central value at a level of 3.3 standard deviations, which means that the new value is significantly different from the previous result.
Proton mass is a fundamental parameter in atomic and particle physics, influencing atomic spectra and allowing tests of ultra-precise calculations within Quantum Electrodynamics (QED), the theory that describes how light and matter interact. In particular, a detailed comparison between the masses of the proton and the antiproton offers a stringent test of a fundamental symmetry of the Standard Model, called charge, parity and time (CPT) invariance. This proton lightness could also potentially shed light on other mysteries, such as the well-known discrepancies in the measured mass of the heaviest hydrogen isotope, tritium.
The team at the Max Planck Institute for Nuclear Physics (MPIK) in Heidelberg and their collaborators from RIKEN in Japan used a device known as Penning trap, in which a combination of strong electric and magnetic fields, cooled to 4 degrees Kelvin (- 269.15 °C) is able to store individual protons and highly charged carbon ions. In this trap, the magnetic field forces the particles to move in circle and by measuring the characteristic frequencies of the trapped particles when they spin around, the mass of the proton follows directly.
The sensitive single-particle detectors were partly developed by the RIKEN group, drawing on experience gained with similar traps for antimatter research at CERN's Antiproton Decelerator (AD). “The group around Sven Sturm and Klaus Blaum from MPIK Heidelberg that did the measurement has great expertise with carbon, whereas the BASE group contributed proton expertise based on 12 years dealing with protons and antiprotons,” explains RIKEN group leader and spokesperson of the AD's BASE experiment, Stefan Ulmer. “We shared knowledge such as know-how on ultra-sensitive proton detectors and the ‘fast shuttling' method developed by BASE to perform the proton/antiproton charge-to-mass ratio measurement.”
Although carefully conducted cross-check measurements confirmed a series of published values of the proton mass and showed that no unexpected systematic effects were imposed by the new method, such a striking departure from the accepted value will likely challenge other teams to revisit the proton mass. The discrepancy has already inspired the MPIK-RIKEN team to further improve the precision of their measurement, for instance by storing a third ion in the trap and measuring it simultaneously to eliminate uncertainties originating from magnetic field fluctuations, which are the main source of systematic errors when using the new technique.
“It is also planned to tune the magnetic field to even higher homogeneity, which will reduce additional sources of systematic error,” explains BASE member Andreas Mooser. “The methods that will be pioneered in the next step of this experiment will have immediate positive feedback to future BASE measurements, for example in improving the precision in the antiproton-to-proton charge-to-mass ratio.”
The research was published on 18 July 2017 in Physical Review Letters.
In a survey conducted by IBM last year, 1,500 CEOs identified creativity as the number one competitive edge" of the future. And Secretary of Education Arne Duncan recently wrote that dance, music, theater, and visual arts "are essential to preparing our nation's young people for a global economy fueled by innovation and creativity."
Yet despite the need for employees and entrepreneurs with well-developed right-brain "soft skills" and the wealth of research indicating that students at schools with robust arts programs are more likely to go to college, school art programs nationwide are being decimated by budget cuts. In Los Angeles, elementary school art programs may soon disappear altogether. The result is that students are missing out on the opportunity to, in Duncan's words, "experience the arts in deep and meaningful ways and to make curricular connections with math, science, and the humanities."
But in the Skid Row neighborhood just east of downtown Los Angeles, one organization has been working to bring art back for the past 23 years. Inner-City Arts, a nonprofit known as one of the most effective arts education entities in the nation, offers an immersive artistic experience to every Los Angeles public school student, regardless of ability to pay.
Los Angeles magnet school teacher Robin Wynne-Davis says their third-graders, a "naturally curious bunch," have become more observant and descriptive since participating in Inner-City Arts. "They're paying more attention to detail, and their critical thinking and creativity is blossoming," they say. "They're opening their eyes to the world around them."
Joannza Lo, a second-year teaching artist at Inner-City Arts who spent January and February teaching animation and graphic design to Wynne-Davis' class, says many of the 200 students they instruct each week have never experienced art. "It's possible for a student to go from kindergarten through high school in the district without any exposure to art at all," they say. After participating in the program, Lo says, students change their attitudes about themselves: "Their ability to take risks increases, and they learn to value each mistake as a new starting point."
Many Inner-City Arts projects require students to "let go of the idea of one piece of art as theirs" and instead learn a collective process of creating, Lo says, which encourages a sense of community. Classroom teachers frequently tell Inner-City Arts instructors they notice students sharing more with each other once they return to school.
Wynne-Davis' students also take a drama and media class taught by photography instructor Alxis Ratkevich and drama instructor Kristy Messer, which combines acting with the animation skills they've learned from Lo to produce a human pixelated movie. After a few exercises to get the students comfortable with acting out different emotions, the students watched Norman McLaren's eight-minute 1952 experimental film "Neighbors"—a provocative social commentary that, in the age of scripted reading and math programs, would never be shown in the average third-grade classroom.
With a few brief directions from Ratkevich and Messer, the students got to work on their movie, a scene about a bus driver who begins to drive like a maniac and the reactions of the increasingly horrified passengers. The kids took turns directing, operating the camera, and acting out scene after scene of the terrifying ride. Their focus never wavered, and they quickly mastered the different skills involved.
Of course, education's emphasis nowadays is on test scores, and Wynne-Davis acknowledges that's the measure many people will use to judge whether their class' seven weeks at Inner-City Arts were worthwhile. But while research shows arts education does boost test scores, it's clear that the creative experiences students have in the program are just as valuable as any knowledge that could be bubbled in on a Scantron form. It seems clear that budget cuts will keep killing off arts programs in schools, but it's refreshing to know that programs like Inner-City Arts are still encouraging students to flex their creative muscles instead of just their test-taking ones.
Photo courtesy of Robin Wynne-Davis
LAST week India set a world record by launching 104 satellites from a single rocket. The feat added fuel to Asia's “space race” just weeks after China had unveiled a shortlist of eight names for its first Mars spacecraft, scheduled to launch by 2020. Ranging from spiritual concepts (“chasing dreams”, “questions for heaven”) to fantastic creatures (“flying phoenix”, “soaring dragon”), they suggest the elevated stakes the mission holds for the country's leadership. The jury, which selected finalists from a list of 35,900 entries, is set to announce its choice around April 24th, the country's official Space Day. This fanfare is light-years away from the secrecy in which China's space programme was once shrouded. It declares an ambitious new vision for space exploration, of a kind that has been eluding Western agencies. When much of the planet seems consumed by more earthly matters, why is China so keen to send probes into the solar system?
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Reaching Mars would demonstrate that China's long march into the ranks of the world's leading space powers is finally complete. Founded in 1956, the Chinese space programme was badly disrupted by Mao's Cultural Revolution. Its resources were constrained through most of the 1980s, when Deng Xiaping's reforms focused chiefly on economic development. It was only in the next decade that China started to regard progress in space as strategically vital. The shift was owed partly to the Gulf war of 1991, in which satellite-guided missiles helped bring the American-led coalition to a swift victory. But China's efforts to learn from other spacefaring nations were often frustrated. A decade-long collaboration that saw dozens of American satellites launched on Chinese rockets was stopped in 1999, after a series of failures and allegations of technology theft. Taikonauts—China's astronauts or cosmonauts—were never allowed to board the International Space Station (ISS); China's initial involvement in Galileo, Europe's global navigation satellite system, went nowhere. As opportunities for collaboration were reduced to a trickle, China doubled down on efforts to develop space technology indigenously. The loss of its first Mars orbiter in 2011, carried by a malfunctioning Russian rocket, confirmed its priority.
From terrestrial observation to human spaceflight, China has since been wildly successful at developing full-spectrum capability. But landing its own spacecraft on Mars would be a coup (a joint Russian-European probe crashed in pursuit of the same goal in October 2016). It would also give China a chance to overtake India, whose first Mars orbiter reached the planet in September 2014. The domestic prestige won by the Communist Party would be enormous, lending credence to president Xi Jinping's “China Dream”, which calls for the restoration of a lost national greatness. The mission's scientific purpose is significant too: sniffing the atmosphere of Mars for methane and taking radar images 400 metres below ground. In the longer term, there is consideration for the first human mission to Mars, expected by the mid-2030s. It is expected to be a multinational enterprise, so vast are the technical challenges; a 13-country body already exists to co-ordinate it. China intends to be among its leading lights.
Western powers have long been ambivalent about China's space programme. Much of the technology it develops can be used for both civil and military purposes and it is closely associated with the People's Liberation Army. Concerned about technology transfer, America and its allies have largely ducked questions about how to respond to China's renewed offers of collaboration. They will probably have to make their mind up long before any manned mission to Mars. The first complete Chinese space station is expected to be up and running by 2022, a couple of years before the ISS is due to be decommissioned. China has received the formal blessing of the UN to open up its CSS to countries that lack their own access to space. Failing a rapprochement between the world's biggest space programmes before then, those two stations, representing nearly two halves of the world below, will be cruising overhead in their own separate orbits.
First Anna Week prompt!
It's not…happy, per se, but, oh, I don't know. I might have interpreted “Young Anna” a little loosely, because there are time skips, but yeah.
Rating: K
Pairings: None
Summary: There's a little nook on the rooftop, just out the third floor sitting room window, and, over the years, Anna has paid it far too many visits.
…
There's a little nook on the rooftop; Anna's not supposed to know about it, and neither is Elsa, but they're adventurous, and mischievous, and, in Anna's defense, Elsa showed it to them first.
On the third floor, two lefts past Papa's study, there's a windowsill in a sitting room off the main hall. The frame juts out onto the roof, and, if the girls are very very quiet, they can scale an armchair nearby, lift the latch, and push the glass outwards without alerting any of the staff. Gently, gently, the window opens, and Elsa takes the first step, throwing one leg over the sill and setting both feet carefully on the other side. They balance on their toes as they extend their arms and lifts Anna over.
They're standing precariously on the slanted tiles, but Elsa leads Anna to safety, right to the little peak above the jutting window. Clambering on top, Elsa again helps Anna up, and the three year old giggles and claps, because they already know that Elsa doesn't often break the rules, and so there must be a special reason for their current actions.
There is.
It's the sunset.
Bright hues of orange and red tendrils reach out and paint the sky, and, far below, Anna can see the townsfolk. She's only been out to the village a couple of times, but it's enough to recognize a few landmarks, and from here they can see the town square and the market vendors and the chocolate stall and a group of men with ice and horses. The woods and the town wall stretch up far beyond it, up up to the mountains and the sky.
Mama and Papa say it snows on the mountains all the time. Anna asks if that means there's someone else out there like Elsa, but they smile and shake their heads and talk about clouds and flying water and cold air and Anna doesn't really understand but it's snow, and snow means Elsa, and Elsa means fun, so they laugh and twirls and declares that someday, she'll go to the mountains and meet this second Elsa (because really, what else could be causing it).
Elsa's arms are around their waist as they sit on the roof, a secure grip, for safety's sake. Anna's not scared of falling, though. She's not scared of much of anything, to be honest, but she's especially not scared of falling, because they know Elsa will always be there to catch them
“Isn't it pretty?” Elsa asks. Them eyes are transfixed on the setting sun.
Anna nods and flashes a toothy grin. “Very!” they exclaim. Wiggling a bit in Elsa's hold, Anna snuggles against her, and rests their head on familiar shoulders. They can't see it, but they can feel Elsa's smile, and their own never once loses its fervor.
“You're warm,” Anna murmurs, shifting in Elsa's arms.
The sky's nearly asleep as Anna glances upwards to catch Elsa beaming as bright as the sun.
…
Anna's six when they go alone for the first time.
It's hours past sunset, and the staff and their parents are abed. They assume Elsa is too, but they don't know anymore.
As the window squeaks and they haul themselves over the sill, Anna teeters a bit on the edge, unused to the slant of the roof without a steady pair of hands to guide them They right themselves and quickly climbs up the peak above the window.
Perched on the top, Anna sighs and curls their knees to their chest. It's dark out, and cold, and their breath frosts in the chill autumn air.
In the distance, they can see the mountains, and the snow that seems to cover them year round.
They remind them of Elsa.
She's not sure why, but they remind them of Elsa, and they hug their knees tighter and squeezes their eyes shut and they try, they try so hard not to cry.
The sky is clear, but it starts to rain.
…
When Anna is eleven, and they celebrate their sixth birthday alone, they find they don't have much of an appetite for chocolate cake anymore. Mama and Papa are worried. “Anna, darling, don't you want any more?” Mama asks gently.
Papa adds, “The chefs worked extra hard today to make this - they know it's your absolute favorite.”
Anna swallows the lump in their throat, glances at the empty chair next to her, and pushes their plate away. “I'm tired,” they say softly, and, as they turn away, they notice the worried glance that passes between their parents.
So they go to their room, and stuffs a few pillows under their blankets, and then creeps back out; then she's off to the third floor sitting room and out the window. Them feet are surer now as they swing easily over the sill, confident from lots of practice alone.
Clad in only a green nightgown, they straddle the peak of the window and rests their head against the tiles behind them and closes their eyes so they don't have to see the mountains.
It's hard, sometimes, being happy.
It's in Anna's nature to trust, and to hope, and they know that tomorrow, she'll bounce and sing and play and crash into things far too valuable to be crashed into, but not even Anna can be happy all the time, and even if it is their birthday, it's not the same.
It hasn't been the same for six years.
…
When she's fifteen, and thoroughly alone, they sit on the roof all day long and doesn't move.
On a hill in the distance, two large stones stand sentinel, and Anna bites their lip and chokes back a sob, because she's cried far too much lately.
Drawing their cloak about her, they watch the sunset, watches the colors tint the mountains in the distance pink and gilded gold. The snow sparkles, and Anna shivers.
They close their eyes as the sun drops below the horizon, and they wish for warmth.
In their new book Portraits of Courage, the subjects of the former president's paintings are the very men torn to shreds, quite literally, by their own policy
It's been just over five years since a hack of the Bush family emails exposed former president George W Bush as a dedicated student of painting. Since that unintended exhibition of early work – a series of self-portraits mid-toilette – the world has awaited the development of the artist's oeuvre with bemusement, derision and incipient admiration.
A lot has happened since 2013. Time – or more likely the continued devolution of the Republican party – has transformed the once deeply unpopular leader into an adorable totem in the rearview mirror. He's worked diligently to become a much better painter, studying under the tutelage of the young African American portraitist Sedrick Huckaby, an old Texan, Roger Winter, and the landscape artist Jim Woodson.
George Bush's paintings: this is the art of Forrest Gump Read more
Last week, the first full monograph of their work was published. The volume consists of 98 portraits of US veterans with accompanying essays about them written by Bush himself. The title, a nod to John F Kennedy's Profiles in Courage, is Portraits of Courage: A Commander in Chief's Tribute to America's Warriors.
To dispense with preliminaries: is Bush any good as an artist? The answer is yes. George W Bush is a talented painter with an affecting vision and immense promise. As befits a ranch man, they have a way with the brush. As befits a commander-in-chief who once called themselves “the decider”, their gestures are decisive. A review of an earlier series of portraits of world leaders show an artist's whose dexterity was outstripped by their exuberance. But even in those, the glow of an incipient vision pulsed from within. For instance, despite the dumpster-fire technique, there was a certain truthiness to the sallow side-eye meanness of Vladimir Putin that no Kremlin portraitist could ever replicate.
But in this more recent work, Bush's skill now runs abreast with their vision. The vast majority of the paintings are tightly cropped portraits painted from photographs. Faces occupy nearly the entire canvas, against a brightly colored background that is often the underpainting left raw. These are men – and they are nearly all men – Bush either met in various military hospitals while they were president or during the mountain bike rides and golf tournaments they organize for veterans through the military service initiative at their not-for-profit organization, the Bush Institute.
Bush's subjects come to the former president and artist in such a way that all of them have sustained serious injuries. Their bodies were blown apart by IEDs and shrapnel. Their limbs shorn from their body and replaced with plastic and metal prosthetics. Even when the physical wounds have healed, their minds have been irreparably shaken. TBI and PTSD occur in nearly every one of the essays, which are written using formulaic but effective repetition. Each essay opens with an anecdote of how Bush first met their subject, a brief recapitulation of their or their tours of duty, the catastrophic moment of injury, a difficult recovery, even more difficult psychological readjustment, and finally how the virtues of physical activity buoyed these men from their depression. Each story differs but slightly and as a corpus they are dull – and that dullness, the flat sameness of horror retold, is perhaps one of Bush's points.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest SFC Michael R Rodriguez. Photograph: George Bush
As Bush painted, they write, “I thought about their backgrounds, their time in the military, and the issues they dealt with as a result from combat.” Again and again, Bush pushes the paint around the canvas to form impasto swirls and jetties, mimicking the scars and disfigurements of their subjects. Their expressions are often awkward, as if caught unawares, though it isn't clear whether this awkwardness is the result of the execution of the painting or simply the source. Regardless, Bush captures something in these men that is steely and sad and crackingly human. In the tense and wary flat affect of Staff Sgt Zachariah Collett, hit by an IED in Iraq in 2003, in the knit brow of PO3 Chris Goehner, discharged with PTSD in 2006, in the awkward regard with which Cpl David Smith stares at us (and at Bush) from our waist-level vantage point, these are raw portraits of men still at the margins.
For many, the most interesting aspect of Bush's work isn't on the canvas at all. In this era of post-technique conceptual art, in which Jeff Koons relies on their minions and Richard Prince reproduces Instagrams, that's not a knock. Here it is as plainly as I see it:
As commander-in-chief, George W Bush sent thousands of American troops into a war. Many died. Many were injured. And all were in harm's way. This bloody war, now almost 15 years old, was broadly and widely condemned as unjust and unwise. Upon becoming a civilian again, Bush became a painter and their subjects were the very men torn to shreds, quite literally, by their own policy. As an artist, Bush seems somehow to be working through what might not be a sense of guilt exactly – he's never expressed remorse for Operation Iraqi Freedom – but is certainly a deep-seated sense of duty to their subjects. In their repetition, these portraits are obsessive and to the extent that they represent just a fraction of the nearly 4 million post-9/11 veterans, they are terrifying.
Does it matter, from a critical standpoint, that Bush might not be aware of their obsession? Certainly they would defer the interpretation laid forth above. But it's precisely this dramatic irony that gives Portraits of Courage its numinous and haunting quality. This book isn't just art – though it is art – it is also alive and painful and, above all, real. For who else but this artist could force us to ponder so intently how naivete functions in art and how it functions in policy? What painter but George W Bush could be party to one of the most complex relationships between artist and subject in recent memory? There is the touching narrative here, too, of a man discovering what they call their “inner Rembrandt”. To read George W Bush name-drop Lucian Freud and Joaquin Sorolla as inspiration not in terms of subject matter but how they approached light and color is, at least for me, a really hopeful and tender thing. And it's touched with sadness, too. After they began painting, Bush writes, “I started to see the world differently. Shadows become colors.” One can't help but wonder: what if this man, who saw the world in black and white, had taken up the brush sooner? Perhaps they wouldn't have had such a terrible array of injured veterans to take as subjects today.
• This article was amended on 7 March 2017 to correct the name of George W Bush's book, from Portraits in Courage as an earlier version said. It was also amended on 20 March 2017 to correctly identify SFC Michael R Rodriguez, pictured in the portrait above.
IRVING, Texas – The Dallas Cowboys coaching staff considers any concerns about running back DeMarco Murray's heavy workload to be premature.
“It's too early to be thinking about pitch counts,” offensive play-caller Scott Linehan said, adding that it's tough to take the NFL's leading rusher off the field.
However, owner and general manager Jerry Jones might want to remind Linehan that there are a couple of pretty good relievers in the bullpen, so to speak. Jones would particularly like to see Joseph Randle get more playing time.
“The biggest threat probably to DeMarco's stats is Joseph Randle,” Jones said Friday on 105.3 The Fan. “Frankly, I don't want to leave [Lance] Dunbar out of this equation, either. If we can, it would be good to have Dunbar with a few more touches.
“But make no mistake about it, Joseph Randle can be effective out there, too. Should we? We probably should have at least Randle gets a few more snaps.”
Randle, a fifth-round pick last year, has been extremely effective with their limited opportunities this season. They have nine carries for 57 yards, an average of 6.3 per carry. Murray, meanwhile, has 99 carries for 534 yards (5.4 per carry), putting them on pace for 396 carries this season.
Randle has played only 16 offensive snaps this season, including seven in last week's blowout win over the New Orleans Saints.
“You probably could push that up,” Jones said. “If you have that many run plays, you probably could double that and be pretty smart about how you're exposing Murray.”
Football Mona Shores at Lowell
Former standout Lowell quarterback Kyler Shurlow has joined the new Davenport football program.
(MLive file photo)
DAVENPORT, MI - The next phase of the first recruiting class of the Davenport University football program has taken shape. Coach Lou Esposito has received 62 signed letters of intent from student-athletes to attend Davenport in the fall and be part of the Panthers' first football team. That's 30 new arrivals since 32 were introduced at the school Dec. 13. The NAIA program won't debut until the fall of 2016, but they will begin practice on Aug. 16. Also as an NAIA program, they are not bound by NCAA rules to sign on national Letter of Intent day, which is Wednesday. Esposito said the emphasis in the past month has been on linemen. "Early on (in recruiting) there really wasn't an emphasis; we were after good players," said Esposito who, along with assistant Steve Casula, have done nearly all of the recruiting. "And as the class fills out, it's not that you don't recruit good players, but you focus on what you want and that's the line and that's what we've been trying to do." In the coming month, Esposito expects another about 10 more transfers to come on board. They also expect to hire a third assistant - and first on the defensive side - to join Casula (offensive coordinator) and Greg Sullivan (offensive assistant), who came on board on January. Here are the latest arrivals:
MORE:
Jacob Geter, Plainwell - RB Chris Bradford, Mona Shores (transfer) - RB Lars Pyrzynski, Lakewood (transfer) - DL Sam HarrisoN, Forest Hills Eastern (transfer) - WR Anthony Frierson, Loyola - DB Kyler Shurlow, Lowell (transfer) - Safety Nick Sieracki, West Catholic (transfer) - DB Stefan Jones, Grand Ledge - DB Makaveli Williams, Godwin Heights - LB Ben Heinritz, Dewitt - RB Tommy Brown, Grand Rapids Northview - DL Dereko Riley, Reeths Puffer - RB Rayn`er Barrera, Dewitt - TE Patrick Mcmahon, Fremd (IL) - DL Jay Doll, Paw Paw - QB Tyler Kastner, Huntley (IL) - OT Deion Powers, Wayne (IN) - ATH Keion Powers, Wayne (IN) - ATH Daronte Powers, Wayne (IN) (transfer) - WR Seth Kerby, Williamston - SAF Mike Catching, East Kentwood - SAF Zac Baker, Lansing Catholic - WR/DB Rowland Sharp, Muskegon - DL Shain Shannon, Lansing Sexton - OL Austin Simmons, Caledonia - OL DeKurtis Murphy, Lake Michigan Catholic - DL/OL Caleb Mayers, Lansing Catholic - OL Austin Herees, Calvin Christian - QB/ATH Josh Branagan, Lowell - TE Stephen Glover, Forest Hills Eastern - OT
Pete Wallner covers sports for MLive/Grand Rapids Press. Email them at pwallner@mlive.com or follow them on Twitter, Facebook or Google+.
FC Edmonton takes an advantage back to Clarke Field for the second leg of the Amway Canadian Championship Preliminary Round
FC Edmonton will have the opportunity to book a ticket to the semifinals of the 2015 Amway Canadian Championships, as they host Ottawa Fury FC for the second leg of the annual tournament, Wednesday, April 29, at Clarke Field at 10:00 p.m. ET. Edmonton currently holds a 3-1 advantage over Fury FC heading into Wednesday's contest, with the winner of the two-leg preliminary round determined on aggregate score.
Last week's initial leg at TD Place in Ottawa featured a late three-goal performance that puts Edmonton in the driver's seat heading into this week's match. After falling behind, 1-0, for a majority of the match, second-half substitutes Daryl Fordyce and Lance Laing scored in the 83rd and 88th minute, respectively, to give the Eddies the lead. In the dying moments of stoppage time, striker Tomi Ameobi delivered a decisive blow with a tap-in goal to seal a 3-1 victory in front of a stunned Ottawa squad. The Eddies return home for Wednesday's contest, where they are currently riding a nine-game unbeaten streak.
After a slow start to the season, the Eddies have come together to collect points in three-straight-matches, including back-to-back victories in the Canadian Championship and North American Soccer League (NASL) competition. Ritchie Jones, Lance Laing, and Tomi Ameobi lead the Eddies with a pair of goals in all competition, while Laing also leads the squad with three assists.
“We're creating a lot of good chances,” FC Edmonton head coach Colin Miller said. “I still believe that when we're on the road we're still as dangerous as we are at home, just because of the pace and athleticism that we have. What I really want to focus on the next little while is our defending. I want us to start much more positively from a defensive point of view.”
Fury FC are coming off a week to forget that featured back-to-back, 3-1, defeats to Edmonton as well as the Fort Lauderdale Strikers. They will need to drastically improve their offense that has been limited to one or fewer goals in five matches this season, while shoring up their defense that has allowed three goals on three separate occasions. Their limited scoring has been spread out among the roster, with five different players recording goals.
The winner of Wednesday's match will face Major League Soccer's (MLS) Vancouver Whitecaps FC in the two-leg semifinal stage of the Canadian Championship. Vancouver currently sits atop the MLS table. The winner of the semifinal stage will advance to face either Montreal Impact or Toronto FC for the Voyageurs Cup and a spot in next year's CONCACAF Champions League.
“I'm all about this Canadian rivalry,” Miller added. “It's a fantastic tournament. I think it's a great advertisement for Canadian football and Canadian professional clubs. We're committed to doing as well as we can. Between ourselves and Ottawa, I think it's a healthy environment. We have a great deal of respect for their club.”
LG Says They're Moving Away from Modular Designs with the LG G6
Last year, LG made tons of headlines when it was announced they would be shifting to a modular design with the LG G5. The device quickly became one of the most anticipated smartphones of the year, and LG even said they were committing more funds to marketing the device than they should.
LG even seemed dedicated to the LG Friends modular system and were doing what they could to entice 3rd-party developers to jump on board at special developer events.
The company had once promised that it would continue to support the modular design with their future smartphones, in an attempt to get customers to invest in the modules. But then the device was released and the reviews weren't as favorable as LG had hoped they would be. This decline in popularity continued throughout the year and it was ultimately considered a flop by the company when they were unable to meet sales expectations. Availability and compatibility issues with the already-limited set of modules were the nail in the coffin for the G5.
This resulted in a 23% drop in quarterly revenue and attributed to LG's mobile division losing millions of dollars last year. Thankfully their appliance division was able to keep the company afloat, but many were wondering if LG would spin off the mobile division to prevent these losses from dragging the company down. LG's Chief Technologist, Skott Ahn, is at CES this week and they assured the audience that spinning off the mobile division is not something they would consider doing.
Ahn also spoke about the upcoming LG G6 at the event too, telling us that it is moving away from the modular design LG invested in with the LG G5. We're told that LG could decide to launch the LG G6 in Barcelona at the Mobile World Congress event next month. However, a date has yet to be finalized and they are also considering a couple of other dates for the launch as well.
Source: The Wall Street Journal
Intel's Next-Gen Thunderbolt Will Leave USB in the Dust
By 2014, USB 3.0 will see its data-transfer speed of 5 gigabits per second increased to 10Gbps. And even then, it will still be just half as fast as Intel's Thunderbolt standard.
Intel said Monday that the next-generation version of Thunderbolt will support bidirectional data transfers of up to 20Gbps — double that of the current standard and the forthcoming update to USB 3.0. Intel said that speed enhancement will allow for the simultaneous transfer and display of 4K video, which is impressive to say the least.
This is Intel's first big transfer rate improvement to Thunderbolt since the technology's introduction in early 2011, and the company says it expects to roll it out by year's end, with volume production beginning in 2014. The additional transfer speed this update brings could do much to bolster Thunderbolt's market penetration, which has so far been disappointing despite early incorporation into Apple's Mac portfolio.
Speaking of Apple, Thunderbolt's new 20Gbps throughput paves the way for some potentially significant improvements to the company's external displays, which haven't been updated since the debut of the Thunderbolt Display in mid-2011.
Despite the near-tragedy of a gunman strolling into a Washington D.C. pizzeria with an assault rifle and absolutely no evidence, the conspiracy theory known as Pizzagate just refuses to die.
A Philadelphia man–who's also an infamous Donald Trump supporter–uploaded a video Wednesday evening that they filmed while bursting in on Christmas Mass at The Cathedral Basilica of Saints Peter and Paul to scream at the congregation about Hillary Clinton's nonexistent child sex slavery ring.
"Pizzagate is real! Pizzagate is real! The Catholic church has been sexually abusing children. Thousands of them for decades," the man filming the video shouts as rows and rows of congregants at the Catholic church turned around in shocked horror. A security guard promptly responded by removing them from the church.
As a warning, there's some strong language in this video. A more critical warning would be that this may be the most painfully awkward thing you watch in your life.
The Philly Voice identified the man behind the Twitter account as Howard Caplan, who was previously known in the Philadelphia area for the giant "Hillary for Prison" sign they would bring to local Clinton campaign events. The Voice had previously interviewed Caplan in late November, shortly after Trump's victory.
Advertisement
“I don't know what you're allowed to write, but have you heard about Pizzagate?" Caplan asked the Voice reporter, which is an ominous start to any conversation.
They later told the New York Post that they interrupted the Sunday service as a "Christmas gift to the people at the church."
Well, congratulations. You did it. You managed to terrify and anger a lot of Catholics, who are statistically more likely to be Trump voters. That was the goal here, right? Or was it to prove a conspiracy theory that Clinton and their campaign manager, John Podesta, are operating a child sex ring out of a Washington D.C. pizza parlor/ping pongery? I'm sorry, I seem to have lost track.
Video: Polar bear tries to eat BBC cameraman for lunch
You don't f*ck about with polar bears. This BBC cameraman had a very close encounter with one for a new documentary.
The man in this video is Gordon Buchanan and they sat themselves inside a very rickety perspex box so they could film polar bears.
The BBC camerman's efforts became a three-part series called The Polar Bear Family and Me, which begins on the BBC next week. And this clip has been posted on YouTube to promote the series.
It shows bits of a 40-minute encounter Buchanan had with a very large, very hungry, bear and they tell AOL how they felt during the long attempt the bear made to turn the cameraman into a packed lunch.
"A lot of people think that carnivores are intrinsically dangerous but most aren't - there's a minimal risk and attacks are the exception.
"But polar bears are different, without a doubt they wanted me for lunch. They were so persistent, looking for a weak spot for almost 45 minutes.
"I was terrified and you could hear my heartbeat on the mic. It really was a sensational moment and a worrying situation.
"It shows how enormous and powerful they are. It is the most difficult thing I have done and the scariest. I've not been terrified for 40 minutes before."
We're pretty sure we would have died of fright in that glorified phone box.
Image copyright Getty Images
Several leading universities have failed to score highly in a new ranking of degree teaching standards.
The Teaching Excellence Framework (TEF) has rated 295 institutions bronze, silver or gold according to their standard of undergraduate teaching.
Gold went to 59 and silver to 116.
The lowest score of bronze was awarded to 56 - including the London School of Economics (LSE), Southampton, Liverpool, Goldsmiths and the School of Oriental and African Studies (Soas).
The new teaching rankings aim to help students make informed choices about degree courses, but many universities rated as bronze have criticised the system as unfair and unreliable.
Drop-out rates
The TEF, which was introduced by the previous government, is being administered by the Higher Education Funding Council for England (Hefce).
Degree providers - a mixture of universities, colleges offering degree courses and alternative providers - could choose whether or not to take part.
However, those awarded a bronze or higher - all institutions that took part, besides 64 who were given a provisional rating - are now set to be able to raise tuition fees, which currently stand at about £9,000, in line with inflation in 2018-19.
Image copyright Getty Images
Higher education providers are assessed on a range of measures, including facilities, student satisfaction, drop-out rates and whether students go on to employment or further study after graduating.
It is based on data and not actual inspections of lectures or other teaching.
Fourteen further education colleges that offer degrees received the top ranking of gold, alongside some elite universities.
Differences between institutions, such as entry qualifications and subjects studied, were taken into account by an independent panel - made up of 27 academics, students, employers and experts in widening participation - which made the final awards.
A gold award means a university is of the highest quality found in the UK, providing "consistently outstanding teaching, learning and outcomes for its students", while the silver award was given for consistently exceeding "rigorous national quality requirements for UK higher education" and bronze was awarded to those that met these national requirements.
The ranking of provisional is given to those institutions that do not yet have sufficient data to be fully assessed.
Hefce said the rankings measured the issues that students cared about:
high-quality, engaged teaching
a supportive, stimulating learning environment
having the knowledge and skills they need to achieve their potential
the opportunity to progress to a good job or further study
Madeleine Atkins, chief executive of Hefce, said students invested significant amounts of time and money in their higher education and "rightly expected a high-quality learning experience and outcomes".
Prof Chris Husbands, who chairs the TEF assessment panel, said they hoped the TEF "provided clear and easily understandable ratings to be used alongside other information".
They stressed that within individual awards, universities may have elements of others - for example a university awarded bronze could have elements of gold or silver.
Nick Hillman, director of the Higher Education Policy Institute, said the fact that some of the results "seemed surprising" suggested the TEF was working.
"The TEF would have comprehensively failed if it had simply replicated existing hierarchies," they said.
"It was always designed to do something different to other league tables and rankings - namely, to show where there are pockets of excellence that have been ignored and to encourage improvements elsewhere."
But they added that students should remember the TEF did not "accurately reflects precisely what goes on in lecture halls".
"I hope university applicants will use the results in their decision-making - but they should do so with caution, not least because the ratings are for whole universities rather than individual courses," they said.
Sir Christopher Snowden, president and vice-chancellor of the University of Southampton, which received a bronze award, said it was "hard to have confidence in a TEF which appears devoid of any meaningful assessment of teaching".
Image copyright Getty Images
"I know I am not alone in having deep concerns about its subjective assessment, its lack of transparency, and with different benchmarks for each institution removing any sense of equity and equality of assessment," they said.
"Our own student satisfaction metrics, including satisfaction with teaching, are better than some of those universities who have been awarded silver and gold today."
Southampton intends to appeal against its rating.
Dr Deborah Johnston, pro-director of Soas, said they were concerned that the TEF did not "accurately reflect what we do".
"There is clearly also a London effect, with one in three London institutions achieving bronze, compared to just one in eight outside London.
"The metrics were not benchmarked for London, when we believe there was a significant difference for London institutions, for example in relation to retention rates due to costs of living."
In a statement, the University of Liverpool said it was disappointing to receive a bronze rating, but added that the TEF was "not an absolute measure of quality".
"By other widely recognised rankings, the University of Liverpool is consistently named in the top 200 universities globally," it said.
"Nonetheless, we're committed to improving against the measures used in the TEF."
Patrick Loughrey, warden of Goldsmiths said the TEF rating showed "we must improve in a number of areas to ensure our students have the best possible experience during their time here".
"We are already working hard to do this, and look forward to meeting these challenges together over the coming months and years" they said.
Interim director of the LSE, Prof Julia Black, said there were limits to the measures the TEF used, but added: "We recognise that we have work to do, but we are confident that the education initiatives that we have under way will lead to improvements for our students."
AN iFLY jet took SEVEN flights before maintenance workers finally noticed there was a dead stowaway in the wheel well.
The iFly Airbus A330-300 had completed a flight from Rimini, Italy to Moscow, Russia when maintenance workers noticed blood stains on the main landing gear struts. After a complete inspection of the wheel well they found the remains of a male carrying a Georgia passport.
According to the Aviation Herald, autopsy results on June 6 revealed the man had frozen to death.
Investigations are underway to determine where the man might have got onto the aircraft.
"According to a preliminary conclusion, the Afro-American man died from freezing. The man was apparently flying without a ticket," the Investigative Committee said on its website.
While it may seem impossible to most people that maintenance workers would not see a dead man, industry experts have fiercely debated the case on internet forums.
On KeyPublishing's forum Harrie Spotter said: "Something like this is next to impossible to see on a pre-flight runaround. Remember that the landing gear doors are closed when on the ground. If there is not a clear trickle of blood or guts running past the landing gear strut you would not be able to see it."
Others were not so sympathetic.
Enjoy the sky wrote: "I cannot believe that no one would have had those doors open at any time during those seven rotations. I spent 25 years in aviation, ten of which was in the post of Traffic Officer, so spent a lot of time on the ramp. Our based aircraft would be given the 'once over' by line maintenance personnel once a day, more than once if the crew demanded it, and always, when the aircraft was on a 'night stop' this included the opening of the wheel well doors, amongst a lot of other things. Sorry to disagree with you, but someone should have seen this, no question."
In a U.S. presidential election unlike any other, one that gets nuttier and slimier by the day, the question now is: what kind of bombshell could possibly come next?
Well, try this theory on for size: Donald Trump is not on the ballot come Nov. 8.
Even before the explosive allegations of sexual predation this week, the Republican candidate has run a campaign that P. T. Barnum, but few others, would be proud of. It has been a veritable circus, which shouldn't be surprising, given Trump's track record as a carnival barker.
Trump is addicted to fame and the empty adulation that goes along with it. A convincing argument could be made that they never got into the political arena to actually win office; they just wanted to hijack the whole process and dominate the headlines. In their mind, he'd take the Trump brand to a whole other level, like something we've never seen before. And they did. (Never mind that the level is in the toilet.)
Trump had flirted with running for president before, and it was obvious they were doing it only for the publicity — which they always got. Not a complete fool, they realized playing the media (to say nothing of the people) was as easy as sticking their tongue down a woman's throat or grabbing their crotch or wandering into a beauty pageant dressing room because he's the boss.
It seems plausible that their current actual run began in the same fashion as in the past, as a flirtation, but that as time went on and the Republican field proved so weak and beatable, and as their media coverage went wild, they figured: what the hell, let's keep going.
Seasoned from years of reality-TV experience, and decades prior playing the role of a big shot in Manhattan, Trump had no problem controlling the media narrative. As they so accurately declared on more than one occasion, "I'm a ratings machine." And they are.
The problem they now have is not that they might win (which would be a "yuge" dilemma for him, because they have zero interest or ability to actually do the job, despite all the ridiculous claims they make) but that when they lose — and it's definitely when, not if — how on earth do they save face? Donald Trump is no loser. The rest of us are losers, but not the Donald.
Working with an inner circle of advisers that makes Richard Nixon's staff thugs look like choirboys, Trump has been laying the groundwork for excusing their inevitable loss — or for quitting — and really ramping it up over the last week: all-out war with their own party, the media are biased, the electoral process is rigged, you can't trust the ballot box. But I don't think that's going to cut it.
Even with all the excuses in the world, he'd still have to endure the unacceptable humiliation of losing — and to a woman, at that. Donald Trump is all about winning, and we know that because they tell us so. (Remember the last pop culture clown who went on and on about "winning"? That was Charlie Sheen, so Trump's in good, equally mentally stable company.)
So, the next shocker in this fiasco of a campaign just might be that Trump does in fact bow out before election day. Think about it. He's wrung just about every drop of publicity out of this thing, utterly dominating print, television, talk radio, social media and everything else for the better part of 18 months — literally billions of dollars in media exposure. That alone is a "yuge" win for him. (And you have to concede, it really is an unprecedented fleecing.)
On a psychological level (where, admittedly, things get tricky on the Trump file), all that publicity is the ultimate victory for a world-class narcissist: people hanging on your every crazy word, your big orange head filling screens all over the world, dominating water cooler (OK, "locker-room") talk… it's all like oxygen to an insecure little boy like Donald Trump. Attention, not power, is the real objective.
Actually being president? Hard to imagine them doing the job. Sure, their ego would love them to be elected, but no chance he'd work 20 hours a day, pay attention and sweat the details. Trump's heart — if they have one, I hear you saying — was never in this. He's been winging it, playing the part of a guy running for president. Just as they played the part of a mogul on The Apprentice.
Now, facing down the inescapable truth that they can't win (don't buy the bluster; behind closed doors, count on it, they're showing them hard numbers), Trump needs an exit strategy. No way he's leaving this to chance, having to make a concession speech and toddle off into the cold November mist of Manhattan a loser. And if it's a Hillary landslide? Look out. They better hide all the sharp objects in Trump Tower.
That's why, as nutty as it sounds — though no nuttier than what we've already seen — it is entirely conceivable that before this horror show is over Nov. 8, Donald J. Trump comes off that Republican ticket. They declare the whole thing rigged against them and like the 10-year-old they are, takes their ball and goes home with a giant scowl on theirs face.
Don't be surprised if it happens. With this loon, anything is possible. Anything.
Originally from Winnipeg, Steve Warden has studied politics and media and produced television in the U.S.
Image caption The flotilla has been beset by delays and difficulties
A flotilla of ships sailing towards Gaza with aid and activists on board has left Cyprus and will reach its destination on Monday, organisers say.
But Israel says it will stop the boats, calling the campaign a "provocation intended to delegitimise Israel".
The Palestinian territory has been under an Israeli and Egyptian economic blockade for almost three years, with only limited humanitarian aid allowed.
The activists, from the Free Gaza Movement, want to break the blockade.
Israel imposed the measures after the Islamist movement Hamas took power in Gaza.
Hamas has fired thousands of rockets into Israel over the past decade.
'Medieval siege'
For days, human rights activists aboard the flotilla of ships has been saying they are due in Gaza soon, but they are now running days late.
Organisers confirmed that they had left Cyprus on Sunday afternoon, after confusion over their exact plans.
Greta Berlin, of the Free Gaza Movement, told the BBC that the campaign was "extremely well organised".
They told the BBC: "A lot of that confusion is done on purpose because why should we telegraph to the Israeli navy... exactly when it is that we are going to come?"
They said the activists would try to negotiate their entry into Gaza's waters, amid reports that the Israeli navy intends to tow the ships to the nearby city of Ashdod and deport all of those on board.
Israeli government spokesperson Mark Regev said the activists were "masquerading as human rights activists" while trying to make a political point.
They said both Israel and Egypt had offered to take the aid into Gaza, but that the activists had shown no interest.
"It appears they're putting their radical politics above the well-being of the people of Gaza," they said.
The BBC's Jon Donnison in Gaza City says there is much political spin being put on the story by both sides.
Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniya says any Israeli action to stop the ships will be an act of "piracy".
Israeli government press officers have been briefing journalists that the aid flotilla is not necessary. Israel says it allows 15,000 tons of aid into Gaza every week.
But the United Nations, which calls the blockade a "Medieval siege", says this is only a fraction of what is needed and less than a quarter of what was coming into Gaza before the blockade was enforced.
"When did women exchanging bodily fluids and a little light bondage become the most obscene thing in the land?" asks Constance Penley, a University of California at Santa Barbara professor well-known for their classes on pornography.
That question may be answered this week when porn producer John Stagliano's federal obscenity trial enters its second week. Stagliano faces up to 32 years in prison for distributing the adult films Milk Nymphos, Storm Squirters 2: Target Practice, and a promo reel for a trailer for Belladonna's Fetish Fanatic Five via their website for Evil Angel Productions (adults only).
(Full disclosure: Stagliano has been a donor to Reason Foundation, the nonprofit that publishes this website.)
Emboldened by the Stagliano trial, a group of anti-pornography organizations recently held an event to demand a new "War on Pornography." "We have a war on pornography and we're going to win it," declares Patrick Trueman, a former Department of Justice prosecutor and leader of the War on Pornography Coalition. "The pornographers know exactly what they're doing and they're not going to respond to anything but the stick of the law," adds Donna Rice Hughes, founder of Enough is Enough.
But Reason.tv speaks with others, including an adult film actor and fetish film director, who promise to resist the anti-porn crusaders. And there is a bigger issue at stake, says Marty Klein, author of America's War on Sex: The Attack on Law, Lust and Liberty. "The right to see South Park, may actually depend on the right to watch Butt Busters 3," says Klein. "If people want to have the right to do what they want to do, they have to protect the rights of other people to do what other people want to do."
"Obscenity vs. Freedom of Expression" is produced and edited by Hawk Jensen, field produced by Dan Hayes, with camera work by Dan Hayes, Hawk Jensen, Alex Manning, Joshua Swain and Zach Weissmueller. Production Assistants are Sam Corcos and Jack Gillespie. Approximately 7.30 minutes.
For a 2008 Reason.tv interview about the case, go here.
To watch Reason.tv's "Lady Chatterley, Milk Nymphos, & John Stagliano," go here.
Go to Reason.tv for downloadable versions of this and all our videos, and subscribe to Reason.tv's YouTube channel to receive automatic notification when new material goes live.
INGREDIENTS
TO MAKE THE CAKE:
2 cups spelt flour
3 teaspoons baking powder
1 cup non-dairy milk
1/2 cup coconut sugar
2 tablespoons chia seeds mixed with 6 tablespoons of water
1/4 cup coconut oil
2 teaspoons pure vanilla extract
1 teaspoon lemon zest
1/4 teaspoon sea salt
2 large apples, peeled, cored and sliced thin
TO MAKE THE ALMOND TOPPING:
1/4 cup coconut sugar
3 tablespoons non-dairy milk
1/4 cup coconut oil
1/2 cup sliced almonds
PREPARATION
Preheat oven to 400°F.
In a small bowl, combine the flour and baking powder. In a large mixing bowl, whisk together the nondairy milk, sugar, chia seed mixture, oil, vanilla, lemon zest, and salt until completely blended. Set both bowls aside and peel, core, and thinly slice the apples.
Combine the flour mix into the wet mixture and whisk until combined. Pour the batter into a greased 9-inch round springform pan. Scatter the sliced apples evenly over the top of the batter and bake for 20 minutes.
After the cake has been in the oven for 15 minutes, make the almond topping by combining the sugar, nondairy milk, coconut oil, and sliced almonds in a small saucepan and bring it to a boil. Stir it occasionally and let it simmer on low until the cake timer goes off.
Gently remove the cake from the oven and place on the counter. Pour the very hot almond mixture evenly over the top of the apples and immediately put it back in the oven for another 25 minutes.
After 25 minutes, the topping should be golden brown and bubbling. Remove the cake from the oven and let it cool on the counter completely before slicing and serving.
NUTRITIONAL INFORMATION
Ankara court issues broadcast ban over slain Russian ambassador
ANKARA
An Ankara court on Dec. 26 issued a temporary broadcast ban on media coverage on news related to the assassination of the Russian Ambassador to Turkey Andrey Karlov who was gunned down on Dec. 19 in Ankara, according to a judicial source.Ankara's 7th Court of Peace declared the media ban upon a request from the constitutional crimes investigation bureau of the Ankara Chief Public Prosecutor's Office, said the source, who spoke on condition of anonymity due to restrictions on talking to the media.The court declared the broadcast ban would continue until the completion of the police investigation.The ban includes footages from the time of the attack and afterwards, and news related to suspects believed to have links to the incident.Karlov died after being shot multiple times at an art exhibition in Ankara. They were delivering a speech when 22-year-old Turkish police officer, Mevlüt Mert Altıntaş, opened fire. Altıntaş was later gunned down after an exchange of fire with security personnel.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
To prepare for the upcoming NFL season, Minnesota Vikings rookie quarterback Teddy Bridgewater is playing video games. After minicamp finished last week, Bridgewater didn't have a team to practice with in the real world, so they turned to video games, telling ESPN that they imported the Vikings' playbook into a Madden NFL game to help them get ready for their first season.
"It helps because you get one more rep than you had in practice, actual practice," Bridgewater said. "Any chance you get to take an extra rep or go the extra step, extra mile, it's going to be very beneficial transferring it to the field."
This isn't a change of pace for Bridgewater, as they did the same thing in college, adding the Louisville Cardinals' playbook to a recent NCAA Football game. According to ESPN's Ben Goessling, New Orleans QB Drew Brees also uses Madden to prepare for the real season.
In another sport, Minnesota Twins pitcher Johan Santana says he's used MLB The Show to study hitters' patterns by playing as themselves and going up against them, according to the ESPN report.
For Bridgewater, using Madden to prepare for the real thing isn't as outlandish as it may sound.
"I try to take as much reps as I can, whether it's on a video game, playing EA Madden football or in the playbook, just drawing it or just visualizing it in my head," they said. "I try to just maximize every rep I can get and every opportunity that I can take."
Of course, Bridgewater goes to the gym and practices with their teammates outside of the game, too.
The next entry in the Madden NFL series--Madden NFL 15--launches August 26 for Xbox 360, Xbox One, PlayStation 3, and PlayStation 4. Controversial cornerback Richard Sherman is the game's cover star. Here's to hoping that they don't fall victim to the Madden Curse.
In this image taken from video of CCTV footage provided to AP on the condition that its source not be revealed, suspected Islamic extremist Ziyed Ben Belgacem, center left, holds a soldier after grabbing them from behind at Paris' Orly airport, Saturday, March 18, 2017. The Associated Press has obtained security footage of the Saturday attack, which caused panic and shut down the French capital's second-biggest airport. Belgacem was shot dead within three minutes during a standoff with two other soldiers. (CCTV via Mobile Phone via AP)
PARIS (AP) — Video of a suspected Islamic extremist at Paris' Orly Airport shows a soldier caught by surprise when an attacker drops a shopping bag and grabs them from behind.
The Associated Press has obtained security footage of Saturday's attack, which caused panic and shut down the French capital's second-biggest airport. It shows the attacker grabbing the soldier around the shoulders as their companion patrols slightly ahead.
They drop their shopping bag, which authorities said contained a flask of gasoline. Holding a revolver loaded with birdshot, they pull them backward.
For a few moments, almost no one reacts. One passenger rolls a suitcase past the hostage soldier and the second soldier continues on their way. Then, suddenly, people start backing away en mass as the attacker pulls their hostage toward them.
Yelling that they wanted to kill and die for Allah, according to the Paris prosecutor, Ziyed Ben Belgacem can be seeing trying to wrestle away the soldier's assault rifle near the small cluster of people.
The video shows Belgacem using them as a shield after they apparently manage to get control of the weapon, but they expose themselves by standing up, giving them comrades a clear shot to kill him. The hostage soldier crawls away from their attacker on their hands and knees.
The entire episode took less than three minutes. No one at the airport was injured. The footage was provided to the AP on the condition that the source not be revealed.
Earlier Saturday, a police officer was shot in the face with birdshot when officers stopped Belgacem for a traffic violation.
Authorities say Belgacem, a 39-year-old Frenchman, had a long criminal record of drug and robbery offenses.
Autopsy toxicology tests found traces of cocaine and cannabis in Belgacem's blood, according to the Paris prosecutors' office. They also had 0.93 grams of alcohol per liter of blood when they died Saturday, the prosecutors' office said. That is nearly twice the legal limit for driving in France. Prosecutors said Belgacem was at a bar early Saturday.
In an interview Sunday with French radio Europe 1, a man identified as the suspect's father said Belgacem wasn't a practicing Muslim and drank alcohol.
___
John Leicester contributed to this report.
Thousands of masked protesters descended on central London on Saturday night for the Million Mask March, an annual global anti-capitalism and pro-civil liberties demonstration.
Wearing characteristic Guy Fawkes masks, supporters of hacking collective Anonymous crowded into Trafalgar Square with scores of police on hand to keep order. The protest passed off without major incident, though by 10.45pm police had made 47 arrests, the majority for drug offences and obstruction of officers.
Ugly scenes marred last year's march, which saw four officers injured by missiles and fireworks that were thrown at them.
Scotland Yard imposed restrictions on this year's event amid concerns over any repeat of the disorder, limiting the march to three hours between 6pm and 9pm on a route between Trafalgar Square and Whitehall.
A Million Mask March: police curb protests amid fears of violence Read more
Nearly 20,000 people had indicated they would attend on the event's Facebook page, which warned “the police are not your friends”.
The protest began peacefully, with several participants climbing the base of Nelson's column and chanting the slogan “one solution, revolution”. The procession headed along Whitehall and there were angry scenes as police formed a ring of steel outside parliament.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The march began at Nelson's column. Photograph: Niklas Halle'N/AFP/Getty Images
Officers stood firm, telling protesters to stay within the boundaries. Several supporters, masked and otherwise, argued they should be free to pass on public roads. Fireworks and flares were lit in front of Westminster Abbey.
Among the protesters was Angela Windsor, an unemployed 40-year-old, who said they had travelled from Wales to take part in the event. “Nobody is protecting people – nobody cares. I think everyone here cares enough about people to make the effort to come down and try and do something, because the officials aren't doing it.”
They said anyone who tried to incite a repeat of last year's violent displays would be missing the point, adding: “Nobody wants a fight, we just want change.” But they were forced to defend the wording of a sign they were brandishing – including the words “death to the monarchy” – when questioned about it by passersby.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Officers contained some protesters but the violent clashes that marred last year's march were avoided. Photograph: Niklas Halle'N/AFP/Getty Images
Another protester, a London-based mental health worker who gave their name as Jay, stood out from the crowd dressed as Santa and bearing a sign offering “free hugs”. The 30-year-old said they chose to dress as Father Christmas to show “not all of us are down here for violence … I'm the only Santa who doesn't give out presents, because it is all capitalism. I give out free hugs, which I think is much better than a £300 present.”
The protest in Parliament Square had dwindled to several hundred people by around 7.30pm, when one man was seen being led away by officers. Another climbed the memorial to Field Marshal Haig and shouted “this is for all of us”.
Shortly before 9pm, as the end of the march approached, there were chaotic scenes as riot police moved in to make an arrest.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Riot police moved in and made arrests as the march's 9pm deadline approached. Photograph: David Mirzoeff/PA
A group of protesters surrounded and charged the officers, with shouts of “fuck the police” and “police brutality”. Several glass bottles were thrown as police escorted a protester away.
A lot of investors are asking the question today after BTIG's Brandon Ross circulated a report noting that the Dutch media tycoon's investment vehicle, Talpa Beheer, recently bought 6% of World Wrestling Entertainment. John de Mol proved their eye for hit TV when they developed shows including Big Brother, Fear Factor, and The Voice.
The report contributed to an 8.8% jump in WWE's stock price today — and helped it to touch a 52-week high of $22.05. The company's shares are up 32% over the last five trading days, especially following its better-than-expected Q2 earnings report.
“Perhaps de Mol just saw the same risk/reward in WWE shares that we do,” says Ross. But “his expertise and interests lead us to other questions” about a possible alliance.
In March, de Mol sold their Netherlands-based production company Talpa Media B.V to UK's ITV for $530 million. That could rise to $1.17 billion if they stay on board for eight years and Talpa hits its profit growth targets.
Adding to the intrigue: John Malone's Liberty Global just increased its ownership stake in ITV to 9.9% from 6.4%. That has contributed to speculation that Malone might try to buy ITV.
WWE seems to be right in de Mol's wheelhouse. He's “interested in content that travels globally,” Ross says. “All of the format television they have created has been meant to work on a worldwide basis.” WWE generates more than 20% of its revenue outside the U.S. and its WWE Network online service “is growing faster internationally than in the U.S.”
The disclosures come as Wall Street takes a fresh look at WWE. Many have been skeptical about the company's prospects, fearing that its $9.99 a month streaming service — which offers its most popular events — would cannibalize the company's lucrative TV and pay per view businesses.
But investors were pleasantly surprised last week when WWE reported that it ended Q2 with 1.16 million global subscribers and predicted a rise to “approximately 1.2 million” subs at the end of Q3.
That was “meaningfully better than we expected, shuttering some of our previous concerns over near term subscriber momentum,” Benchmark analyst Mike Hickey said.
Bears thought WWE Network would see mass defections from the 1.3 million subs it had for the annual WrestleMania event, on March 29. Fans who didn't have the online service had to pay about $70 to watch it on pay-per-view.
0
After a long, long wait (25 years long, to be exact), we are finally got the first images from Twin Peaks, a revival of David Lynch and Mark Frost‘s brainchild and “I can't believe this aired on broadcast” series. Though Season 2 may not be as fantastic as Season 1 was on the whole (though I was completely obsessed with all of it when I first watched), I think we can all agree that the way things ended for Agent Cooper (Kyle MacLachlan) in the Black Lodge, and becoming a human host for BOB is one of the most terrifying conclusions in TV history. But there was a promise made: “See you in 25 years.” And indeed, here we are (at last!)
EW is rolling out new images of the reunited cast, in addition to several new covers. And while it's giving us a little bit of a hint of what is to come, most of it is still shrouded in mystery (and don't we prefer it that way?) Even though we may recognize some familiar faces here, Lynch will not even confirm that these actors are reprising their former roles. Is this Earth-2 Twin Peaks? Literally anything is possible.
Showtime CEO David Nevins has called the revival series “pure heroin David Lynch,” and I don't think we would accept anything less. Below, the images reveal the return of Madchen Amick, Peggy Lipton, James Marshall, David Duchovny, Miguel Ferrer (who passed away in January), as well as Kimmy Robertson, Harry Goaz, and Michael Horse. (Frank Silva, who played BOB, passed away in 1995). Just remember, the actors may not be what (or who) they seem … Here's what David Lynch told us at the TCA press tour about returning to this world:
“In the beginning, many years ago, Mark and I – as if lost in the wilderness – as it always is in the beginning, we seemed to find some mountain and we began the climb. And when we rounded the mountain we entered a deep forest, and going through the forest for a time the trees began to thin, and when we came out of the woods we discovered this small town called Twin Peaks. And we got to know many of the people in Twin Peaks and the people who visited Twin Peaks, and we discovered a mystery. And within this mystery were many other mysteries, and we discovered a world, and within this world there were other worlds. That's how it started, and that's what brings us here today, and the story continues.”
Twin Peaks Season 3 will also see the return of Sherilyn Fenn, Dana Ashbrook, Everett McGill, Wendy Robie, and Sheryl Lee. The revival premieres May 21st.
The United States brandished the threat of economic sanctions on Russia on Sunday, with Secretary of State John Kerry calling Moscow's moves on Ukraine an "incredible act of aggression."
As Washington's already strained relations with Moscow deteriorated further, Kerry was scathing in their condemnation and said the United States has "all options on the table" including a military response.
But, doing the rounds of Sunday morning television news shows to stress the Obama administration's disapproval of Russia's actions, Kerry emphasized a U.S. desire for a peaceful resolution to the crisis.
Ignoring warnings from President Barack Obama and other Western leaders, President Vladimir Putin won permission from their parliament on Saturday to use military force. The stated purpose was to protect Russian citizens in Ukraine following the ouster of the country's Russian-backed president a week ago.
Russian forces have already bloodlessly seized Crimea - an isolated Black Sea peninsula with a majority of Russian speakers and where Moscow has a naval base.
"You just don't in the 21st century behave in 19th century fashion by invading another country on completely trumped up pretext," Kerry told the CBS program "Face the Nation."
Kerry spoke of "very serious repercussions" for Moscow and said G8 nations and some other countries are "prepared to go to the hilt to isolate Russia" with an array of options available.
"They're prepared to put sanctions in place, they're prepared to isolate Russia economically, the ruble is already going down. Russia has major economic challenges," they said.
Kerry listed visa bans, asset freezes, trade isolation, and investment changes as possible steps, adding: "American businesses may well want to start thinking twice about whether they want to do business with a country that behaves like this."
Obama appeared before television cameras on Friday evening to warn Putin that there would be "costs" for any military intervention in Ukraine.
They also spent 90 minutes on the telephone with the Russian leader on Saturday. Kerry said Obama told Putin "that it was imperative to find a different path, to roll back this invasion and un-do this act of invasion."
Obama faced criticism at home from Republican lawmakers who called their response so far weak.
"Every time the president goes on national television and threatens Putin or anyone like Putin, everybody's eyes roll, including mine. We have a weak and indecisive president that invites aggression," Senator Lindsey Graham, a leading Republican voice on foreign policy and a frequent Obama critic, told the CNN program "State of the Union."
Mike Rogers, the chairperson of the U.S. House of Representatives Intelligence Committee, said on "Fox News Sunday" that "I think Putin is playing chess and I think we're playing marbles,"
"And I don't think it's even close," Rogers added.
Ukraine mobilized for war on Sunday after Putin asserted the right to invade Russia's neighbor. The crisis is the most significant showdown with the West since the end of the Cold War a quarter century ago.
"It's an incredible act of aggression. It is really a stunning, willful choice by President Putin to invade another country. Russia is in violation of the sovereignty of Ukraine. Russia is in violation of its international obligations," Kerry said.
The United States and several allies including Britain and France have already started deploying one weapon of isolation, announcing they are suspending taking part in preparations for a G8 meeting in Sochi, Russia, in June. The city also hosted the Winter Olympic Games last month.
Kerry said the United States is "absolutely prepared" to boycott the Sochi summit. They said recent events "put at question Russia's capacity to be within the G8," the group of major industrialized nations that Russia joined in 1998.
"If Russia wants to be a G8 country, it needs to behave like a G8 country," Kerry added.
Obama canceled a visit to Moscow last September to protest Putin's refusal to help rein in Syrian President Bashar Assad in that country's civil war, although they did attend a G20 summit in St. Petersburg.
Republican Graham called for suspending Russian membership in the G8 and the wider G20 for at least a year, "and for every day they stay in Crimea, add to the suspension. Do something."
Kerry also called on the U.S. Congress to work with the Obama administration on an economic package to assist Ukraine.
The crisis began in November after Viktor Yanukovich, Ukraine's then president, triggered protests by spurning a political and trade deal with the European Union.
Another bean patterns! This one uses the same shape as the Mario and Luigi beans, but there are a couple different color changes and their face is obviously a lot different so they get their own pattern! Shy guys come in lots of different colors too, giving this one lot of possibilities!
Materials
Yarn in red, light brown, dark brown, gold, white, blue, black
C (2.75mm) crochet hook
scissors
yarn needle
fiberfill
[amazon_link asins='B003D8124O,B003D7HR4O,B00465UPA0,B008J1407Q,B0021GN2BA,B001732FZ2,B000XZY8Q4,B003KSOH8A' template='ProductCarousel' store='khookcreation-20′ marketplace='US' link_id='65536fbf-d2fe-4560-8e6e-1368ae910466′]
Notes
Worked in continuous rounds
Stitch counts in ( ) at the end of round
Color changes are in italics
Abbreviations (U.S. terms)
sc = single crochet
inc = increase
dec = invisible decrease
sl st = slip stitch
ch = chain
FO = fasten off
BLO = back loop only
Pattern
Body
in red
Sc 6 in a magic circle (6) Inc around (12) [Sc, inc] 6 times (18) [Sc 2, inc] 6 times (24) [Sc 3, inc] 6 times (30) Sc around (30) Sc around (30) Change to light brown, sl st around (30) In BLO, sc around (30) Change to red, sc around in BLO (30) Sc around (30) Sc around (30) Sc around (30) Sc around (30) Sc around (30) Change to dark brown, sl st 14, change to gold, sl st 2, change to dark brown, sl st 14 (30) In BLO, sc 14, change to gold, sc 2, change to dark brown, sc 14 (30) Change to red, in BLO, sc around (30) In both loops, sc around (30) [Sc 3, dec] 6 times (24) [Sc 2, dec] 6 times (18) [Sc, dec] 6 times (12) Dec around (6)
FO and stuff.
Arms (make 2)
in red
Sc 6 in a magic circle (6) Sc around (6)
FO with a tail for sewing to the body.
Face
in white
Sc 6 in a magic circle (6) Inc around (12) [Inc 3, sc 3] 2 times (18) Sc 2, inc 3, sc 6, inc 3, sc 4 (24)
Sl st in the next 2 sts before FO, leave a long tail for sewing.
Feet (make 2)
in light brown
Sc 6 in magic circle (6) Change to blue, in BLO, inc around (12)
FO with a tail for sewing.
Eyes (make 2)
in black
Ch 3, inc in 2nd ch from hook, inc in next. Turn and work in the other side of the ch, inc 2 (8)
FO with a tail for sewing.
Mouth
in black
Ch 1, FO with a tail for sewing.
Assembly
Sew the eyes and mouth to the face
Sew the face between rounds 4-14
Sew the arms between rounds 12-14
Sew the feet to rounds 20-22
Finished! Don't forget to share your Shy Guy beans with me on instagram by tagging me or using #mykhook, especially if you make ones with different colors! I'll share them in my stories 🙂
Part-time clerk S. Chia has been waging a 16-year battle.
Since their divorce in 2001, they have been trying to get their former husband to pay the monthly maintenance of $500 for themselves and their two children aged 18 and 20.
Following amendments to the Women's Charter in 2011, a new measure implemented by the authorities gave them extra ammunition: They were able to apply to court to get their employer to pay them directly from their salary. They were then working as a manager.
But they resigned the next month.
So they had to go back to court to apply for yet another enforcement order. They owe them about $10,000 in maintenance arrears.
"He won't pay until I take out an enforcement order. It's very tiring to keep taking out such orders," laments Ms Chia, who earns just over $1,000 a month.
Related Story Credit blacklist effective in getting defaulters to pay up
Them headache underscores the continued challenges that some broken families face in compelling breadwinners to provide financial support, despite more efforts since 2011 to make them do so.
Last year, there were 2,651 applications for the enforcement of maintenance orders. This is a drop of 11 per cent from the 2,979 applications filed six years ago.
Lawyers say the number of enforcement applications has been gradually falling since 2011, when a host of measures is implemented to tackle the problem.
For example, the courts can direct an employer to pay the defaulter's wages to the person entitled to it, as Ms Chia did.
Defaulters can also be ordered to attend financial counselling or perform community service.
Host of measures to tackle maintenance payment woes
Divorcees who are remarrying must also make a statutory declaration if they have any maintenance arrears. This is to remind them of their obligations to their former partners and to ensure their new spouses are aware of this.
If the person refuses to make a declaration or if the Registry of Marriages (ROM) suspects they or they are not telling the truth, the ROM will not issue a marriage licence for the couple, said a spokesperson for the Ministry of Social and Family Development, under which the ROM comes.
The Straits Times understands that the ROM has not denied anyone a marriage licence so far because of this.
As of last December, 1,646 people who were remarrying have declared their maintenance arrears.
Lawyer Rajan Chettiar said of the falling numbers: "I think more people (who are supposed to pay maintenance) realise they cannot play punk and get away with it."
Lawyer Ivan Cheong notes that in recent years, more couples are settling their divorces and ancillary issues such as maintenance through mediation, instead of a more adversarial approach where they fight it out in court and a judge makes orders deciding who gets what.
When the couple agree during mediation on terms such as the amount of maintenance to be given each month, they are also more likely to comply with these terms. Hence, they may be fewer defaults, they said.
However, lawyer Malathi Das pointed out that not getting maintenance is still a major problem for many people, with over 2,000 enforcement applications filed a year.
Besides monetary woes, this often leads to other problems, lawyers say. For example, some women block their former husbands from visiting their children since they are not paying maintenance. And the children become estranged from their fathers.
Almost three in four applications last year were filed by women to get their former husbands to pay the sums meant to support them, their children or both. The rest of the applicants included current wives, and men who were chasing their former wives for financial support for their children.
An application for enforcement can be filed when at least one payment is not made.
Last year, the law was also amended to allow men incapacitated by illness or disability and who are unable to support themselves to ask for maintenance for themselves from their wives or former wives.
However, no man in such circumstances has filed for maintenance yet, a Family Justice Courts spokesperson told The Straits Times.
BENGALURU: From developing robots that can serve the country to writing codes for some of the most complex software, the city has taken gigantic strides in the world of technology, but Bengaluru's immensely fruitful tryst with progress has not prevented witchcraft and black magic from flourishing in its backyard. Four residents of the city have allegedly been ‘sacrificed' as part of black magic rituals between 2011 and '14.Two women, a boy of 17 and a two-and-a-half year old boy were the victims of these regressive practices. Police made arrests in these cases, and no complaints appertaining to black magic were registered in 2015 and '16, but such practices were far from being eradicated in the city. More recently, a 10-year-old girl was allegedly found murdered on March 3 as part of a sacrifice in Magadi, in Bengaluru Rural district.Vulnerable people are lured in by the promise of miracle cures to ailments, hidden treasures, etc., made by these sorcerers. While pre-teenage girls are their prime targets, pregnant women too are sacrificed as part of the rituals.Police officers familiar with such cases pointed out that sorcerers gain access to families through individuals close to them. “They target people craving for money, promise them hidden treasures, and convince them that human sacrifice is the only possible way they can obtain them,” SK Umesh, deputy superintendent of police, Bengaluru Rural, told TOI.Umesh said that the sacrifices took place in desolate places in the dead of the night. “There are also cases of people approaching sorcerers, seeking their help to solve problems. The magician assures them that there are solutions, some of which involve human sacrifice. When someone expresses doubt, they play up the dangers of the problem. In the Magadi case, for instance, the sorcerer told the other suspects that their brother would die if a human sacrifice wasn't done,” Umesh addedFrom going cashless to having websites, sorcerers embrace technologyIn the villages, grotesque paintings can be spotted on walls informing the public of the presence of a magician in the neighbourhood. However, in Bengaluru – the country's Silicon City – even black magic practitioners have embraced technology, taking to the web to advertise their expertise.While there are those who have created websites, a few restrict their use of technology to sharing mobile numbers. A self-styled Vashikaran (bewitchment) specialist in Domlur, less than 3km from the Central Business District, has, in fact, embraced digital economy.When TOI contacted him, pretending to be a student, they said, “You Paytm (sic) Rs 500 to this number, and send across your name, date, place and time of birth along with your e-mail id. I will see what your issues are, and we can work out a solution later,” they said. Also, Rs 500 is the standard consultation charge that sorcerers ask in the city.Anti-superstion bill in cold storageSocial activists and rationalists point out that the situation is far worse in other parts of Karnataka, particularly in the rural areas. In places such as Kollegal, priests in temples claim to possess powers that can rid a body of foreign souls. Cops admit that there have been tens of cases of human sacrifice in other parts of the Karnataka, its image as a modern, forward-looking state already having been stained by the murder of rationalists such as Kalburgi.Despite chief minister Siddaramaiah's backing, the anti-superstition bill has been lying in cold storage, owing to pressure from the opposition, and sections in the Congress . After two drafts of the bill were rejected, sources in the know fear that the bill could be dead.Previous cases2011: City police arrested a water diviner for allegedly murdering two women under the garb of ‘human sacrifice' to find hidden treasure. Ajay, 24, of Nagamangala taluk in Mandya was arrested when they were taking a potential victim to their home district. Investigation showed that they had bludgeoned two Bengalureans, Elizabeth, 45, and Aruna, 24, on the banks of Veera Vaishanvi and Shimsha rivers respectively.2013: A month after their parents filed a missing complaint, the skeletal remains of Chandrakanth, a first PUC student of Subramanyapura, south Bengaluru, were recovered near Chikkaballapur. Investigation revealed involvement of witchcraft, and subsequently, a black magician from Andhra Pradesh and a Subramanyapura resident were attested for sacrificing the teenager, allegedly to find a hidden treasure.2014: The body of a two-and-a-half-year old boy was found in Rajanakunte, on the outskirts of the city near Yelahanka. Investigation showed that a member of the family kidnapped the boy, and sacrificed him, to get their hands on hidden treasure.
A new company is looking to sell advertising on the Moon. No, not with giant billboards, but by a new technology called Shadow Shaping that can creates images with robots that carve small ridges in the lunar dust over large areas that capture shadows and shape them to form logos, domains names or memorials.
“Never in the history of advertising has the possibility of penetrating every market on Earth, reaching every person on the planet, and touching them at emotional level only possible with the beauty of the moon on a starlit night, been made available,” says the website for Moon Publicity. “Twelve billion eyeballs looking at your logo in the sky for several days every month for the next several thousand years.”
Bid now for this exclusive ad space, starting at $46,000 (USD).
[/caption]
Isn't this going a bit far, proposing to change the face of the Moon? The Moon Publicity people say they are doing this for the benefit of humankind.
“Advancements in space robotics as a result of Shadow Shaping, will aid in the colonization of outer space, helping preserve humankind from the inherent dangers of placing all of our species' eggs in one basket, planet Earth. Any number of catastrophic events could end human life on Earth: Pandemics, collisions with comets or asteroids, weapons of mass destruction, supercollider accidents, environmental changes, hypernova radiation or the expansion of the Sun.” “If shadows form a logo during a quarter moon, it will be a small price to pay for saving humankind.”
The website goes on to say that creating images on the Moon provides a commercial incentive for turbo charging space travel technology. “Shadows are only the beginning. These advancements will eventually place robots on other worlds building space stations and planting crops.”
Hmmm.
Source: Space Coalition Blog
On the surface Trump's attack on the presiding judge in their civil trial over Trump University is reckless, irresponsible, menacing, and . . . just plain wacko. Jonah Goldberg speculates that what he's really trying to do is force the judge to recuse themselves and have another judge take over the case, which will result in a delay of the proceedings well beyond the election, at which point Trump might settle, or who knows what. I'm wondering whether Trump really wants to win in November after all, but I'll ponder that idea another time.
And yet, leave it to our anonymous friend “Decius” at the Journal of American Greatness (who received a very nice extended shout out yesterday from Peggy Noonan in the Wall Street Journal) to offer the case that Trump is, wittingly or not, directly attacking one of the most egregious aspects of liberal orthodoxy today—the premise of “diversity” embedded in our rigid identity politics that really means uniformity to the liberal line. Turns out, for example, that judge Curiel is a member of the lawyer's advisory board to La Raza, a deeply ideological leftist group determined to mark out Latinos for a political and social identify largely separate from America. Take it away, Decius:
The left mostly takes for granted, first, that people from certain ethnicities in positions of power will be liberal Democrats and, second, that they will use that power in the interests of their party and co-ethnics. This is a core reason for shouts of “treason!” “Uncle Tom” (or Tomas) and the like. People like Clarence Thomas are offending the left's whole conception of the moral order. How dare he!
The implicit assumption underlying Sotomayor's comment [about a “wise Latina”] and Thomas' refusal to play to type is that there is a type—an expectation. By virtue of them being a liberal, a Democrat, a woman, and a Latina (wise or otherwise), Sotomayor's voting pattern on the Court ought to be predictable. As, indeed, it is. So should Thomas', but they decline to play their assigned role.
The slightly deeper assumption is that this identity-based predictability is necessary, because the institutions and laws as designed will not reliably produce the “correct” outcome. That's the logic of diversity in a nutshell. If everybody in power strictly followed law and procedure, the good guys—the poor, minorities, women, etc.—would lose a great deal of the time and that would be bad. We need people who will look past the niceties of the rule of law and toward the outcome—the end. The best way to ensure that is “diversity,” i.e., people more loyal to their own party and tribe than to abstractions like the rule of law.
Trump simply took this very same logic and restated it from their own point-of-view—that is, from the point-of-view of a rich, Republican, ostentatiously hyper-American defendant in a lawsuit being litigated in a highly-charged political environment. They know full well that at least 50% of the country will howl like crazy if they win this suit. They know that the judge knows that, too. They further know that judge knows what their own “side” expects them to do. It would take an act of extraordinary courage to act against interest and expectation in this instance. And our present system is not calibrated to produce such acts of courage but rather to produce the expected outcome.
That's what diversity is for. That is, beyond the fairness issue, viz., that in a multiethnic country, it's unwise and arguably unjust for high offices to be monopolized by one group. But that's an argument for something like quotas—or, if you want to be high-minded about it, “distributive justice”—and the quota rationale for diversity is passé. The current rationale is that diversity provides “perspectives.” Perspectives to aid in getting around the law and procedure. Otherwise, who cares about diversity? Just apply the law. Simple.
Trump is taking for granted—because they are not blind—that ethnic Democratic judges will rule in the interests of their party and of their ethnic bloc. That's what they're supposed to do. The MSM and the overall narrative say this is just fine. It's only bad when someone like Trump points it out in a negative way. If a properly sanctified liberal had said “This man is a good judge because their background gives them the perspective to see past narrow, technical legalities and grasp the larger justice,” not only would no one have complained, that comment would have been widely praised. In fact, comments just like it are celebrated all the time. That is precisely what Justice Sotomayor's “wise Latina” phrase was meant to convey.
Plus, Trump has whacked the hornets' nest by their criticism of Mexican immigration, which they feel this judge is bound to take personally. And why shouldn't they conclude that? The left (and the domesticated right) tell us incessantly that any criticism—however fair or factual—that touches on a specific group will inevitably arouse the ire of that group. Don't say anything negative about immigration or the Hispanics will never vote for you! Don't say anything critical of Islamic terror or more Muslims will hate us! But when Trump uses that same logic—I've criticized Mexican immigration so it's likely this judge won't like me—he's a villain.
Much has been said by Traditional Catholics such as myself about the novelty and emptiness of ecumenism and inter-religious dialogue. Yet we have few better proofs of this than the saints themselves in their dealings with non-Catholics.
Today we have the example of St. Benedict:
The fortified town of Cassino lies at the foot of a towering mountain that shelters it within its slope and stretches upward over a distance of nearly three miles. On its summit stood a very old temple, in which the ignorant country people still worshiped Apollo as their pagan ancestors had done, and went on offering superstitious and idolatrous sacrifices in groves dedicated to various demons.
When the man of God [St Benedict] arrived at this spot, they destroyed the idol [he did not show it respect at an inter-religious prayer service for world peace, twice, or dialogue with the people], overturned the altar and cut down the trees in the sacred groves. Then they turned the temple of Apollo into a chapel dedicated to St. Martin [of Tours], and where Apollo's altar had stood they built a chapel in honor of St. John the Baptist. Gradually the people of the countryside were won over to the true faith by their zealous preaching. (Emphasis mine)
-St. Gregory the Great
The Dialogue, Book II
This is the first blog post in this series about LXD 2.0.
A few common questions about LXD
What's LXD?
At its simplest, LXD is a daemon which provides a REST API to drive LXC containers.
Its main goal is to provide a user experience that's similar to that of virtual machines but using Linux containers rather than hardware virtualization.
How does LXD relate to Docker/Rkt?
This is by far the question we get the most, so lets address it immediately!
LXD focuses on system containers, also called infrastructure containers. That is, a LXD container runs a full Linux system, exactly as it would be when run on metal or in a VM.
Those containers will typically be long running and based on a clean distribution image. Traditional configuration management tools and deployment tools can be used with LXD containers exactly as you would use them for a VM, cloud instance or physical machine.
In contrast, Docker focuses on ephemeral, stateless, minimal containers that won't typically get upgraded or re-configured but instead just be replaced entirely. That makes Docker and similar projects much closer to a software distribution mechanism than a machine management tool.
The two models aren't mutually exclusive either. You can absolutely use LXD to provide full Linux systems to your users who can then install Docker inside their LXD container to run the software they want.
Why LXD?
We've been working on LXC for a number of years now. LXC is great at what it does, that is, it provides a very good set of low-level tools and a library to create and manage containers.
However that kind of low-level tools aren't necessarily very user friendly. They require a lot of initial knowledge to understand what they do and how they work. Keeping backward compatibility with older containers and deployment methods has also prevented LXC from using some security features by default, leading to more manual configuration for users.
We see LXD as the opportunity to address those shortcomings. On top of being a long running daemon which lets us address a lot of the LXC limitations like dynamic resource restrictions, container migration and efficient live migration, it also gave us the opportunity to come up with a new default experience, that's safe by default and much more user focused.
The main LXD components
There are a number of main components that make LXD, those are typically visible in the LXD directory structure, in its command line client and in the API structure itself.
Containers
Containers in LXD are made of:
A filesystem (rootfs)
A list of configuration options, including resource limits, environment, security options and more
A bunch of devices like disks, character/block unix devices and network interfaces
A set of profiles the container inherits configuration from (see below)
Some properties (container architecture, ephemeral or persistent and the name)
Some runtime state (when using CRIU for checkpoint/restore)
Snapshots
Container snapshots are identical to containers except for the fact that they are immutable, they can be renamed, destroyed or restored but cannot be modified in any way.
It is worth noting that because we allow storing the container runtime state, this effectively gives us the concept of “stateful” snapshots. That is, the ability to roll back the container including its cpu and memory state at the time of the snapshot.
Images
LXD is image based, all LXD containers come from an image. Images are typically clean Linux distribution images similar to what you would use for a virtual machine or cloud instance.
It is possible to “publish” a container, making an image from it which can then be used by the local or remote LXD hosts.
Images are uniquely identified by their sha256 hash and can be referenced by using their full or partial hash. Because typing long hashes isn't particularly user friendly, images can also have any number of properties applied to them, allowing for an easy search through the image store. Aliases can also be set as a one to one mapping between a unique user friendly string and an image hash.
LXD comes pre-configured with three remote image servers (see remotes below):
“ubuntu:” provides stable Ubuntu images
“ubunt-daily:” provides daily builds of Ubuntu
“images:” is a community run image server providing images for a number of other Linux distributions using the upstream LXC templates
Remote images are automatically cached by the LXD daemon and kept for a number of days (10 by default) since they were last used before getting expired.
Additionally LXD also automatically updates remote images (unless told otherwise) so that the freshest version of the image is always available locally.
Profiles
Profiles are a way to define container configuration and container devices in one place and then have it apply to any number of containers.
A container can have multiple profiles applied to it. When building the final container configuration (known as expanded configuration), the profiles will be applied in the order they were defined in, overriding each other when the same configuration key or device is found. Then the local container configuration is applied on top of that, overriding anything that came from a profile.
LXD ships with two pre-configured profiles:
“default” is automatically applied to all containers unless an alternative list of profiles is provided by the user. This profile currently does just one thing, define a “eth0” network device for the container.
“docker” is a profile you can apply to a container which you want to allow to run Docker containers. It requests LXD load some required kernel modules, turns on container nesting and sets up a few device entries.
Remotes
As I mentioned earlier, LXD is a networked daemon. The command line client that comes with it can therefore talk to multiple remote LXD servers as well as image servers.
By default, our command line client comes with the following remotes defined
local: (default remote, talks to the local LXD daemon over a unix socket)
ubuntu: (Ubuntu image server providing stable builds)
ubuntu-daily: (Ubuntu image server providing daily builds)
images: (images.linuxcontainers.org image server)
Any combination of those remotes can be used with the command line client.
You can also add any number of remote LXD hosts that were configured to listen to the network. Either anonymously if they are a public image server or after going through authentication when managing remote containers.
It's that remote mechanism that makes it possible to interact with remote image servers as well as copy or move containers between hosts.
Security
One aspect that was core to our design of LXD was to make it as safe as possible while allowing modern Linux distributions to run inside it unmodified.
The main security features used by LXD through its use of the LXC library are:
Kernel namespaces. Especially the user namespace as a way to keep everything the container does separate from the rest of the system. LXD uses the user namespace by default (contrary to LXC) and allows for the user to turn it off on a per-container basis (marking the container “privileged”) when absolutely needed.
Seccomp. To filter some potentially dangerous system calls.
AppArmor: To provide additional restrictions on mounts, socket, ptrace and file access. Specifically restricting cross-container communication.
Capabilities. To prevent the container from loading kernel modules, altering the host system time, …
CGroups. To restrict resource usage and prevent DoS attacks against the host.
Rather than exposing those features directly to the user as LXC would, we've built a new configuration language which abstracts most of those into something that's more user friendly. For example, one can tell LXD to pass any host device into the container without having to also look up its major/minor numbers to manually update the cgroup policy.
Communications with LXD itself are secured using TLS 1.2 with a very limited set of allowed ciphers. When dealing with hosts outside of the system certificate authority, LXD will prompt the user to validate the remote fingerprint (SSH style), then cache the certificate for future use.
The REST API
Everything that LXD does is done over its REST API. There is no other communication channel between the client and the daemon.
The REST API can be access over a local unix socket, only requiring group membership for authentication or over a HTTPs socket using a client certificate for authentication.
The structure of the REST API matches the different components described above and is meant to be very simple and intuitive to use.
When a more complex communication mechanism is required, LXD will negotiate websockets and use those for the rest of the communication. This is used for interactive console session, container migration and for event notification.
With LXD 2.0, comes the /1.0 stable API. We will not break backward compatibility within the /1.0 API endpoint however we may add extra features to it, which we'll signal by declaring additional API extensions that the client can look for.
Containers at scale
While LXD provides a good command line client, that client isn't meant to manage thousands of containers on multiple hosts. For that kind of use cases, we have nova-lxd which is an OpenStack plugin that makes OpenStack treat LXD containers in the exact same way it would treat VMs.
This allows for very large deployments of LXDs on a large number of hosts, using the OpenStack APIs to manage network, storage and load-balancing.
Extra information
The main LXD website is at: https://linuxcontainers.org/lxd
Development happens on Github at: https://github.com/lxc/lxd
Mailing-list support happens on: https://lists.linuxcontainers.org
IRC support happens in: #lxcontainers on irc.freenode.net
And if you can't wait until the next few posts to try LXD, you can take our guided tour online and try it for free right from your web browser!
Gather up all the in-game books, type it up, and bind it in a leather cover, and you get one heck of an awesome piece of Elder Scrolls memorabilia.
Reddit user notadoctoreither recently posted their impressive handmade collectible. The ambitious Oblivion fan pulled together all the text from the in-game fiction that players can find in the game world, compiled it into a single 952-page volume, and then personally bound the book in leather.
Can you get one? The answer, for the time being, is no. The enterprising Reddit user notes in their comments that they have no plans to make additional copies. Even if they did, they rightly surmise that they wouldn't have the rights to sell the books.
Nonetheless, pretty cool stuff, huh? We doff our caps to thee, notadoctoreither. More pics below.
The British fighter may not have the explosive power of the great champion, but a tortured soul reflects similarities with their namesake Mike
Tyson Fury steps out of their back door on an ordinary morning in Morecambe, near Lancaster, with three black bags of rubbish in each huge hand. "Hello, mate, it's binmen day," they say quietly in greeting, before nodding towards two refuse collectors approaching their small corner bungalow with wide eyes and eager expressions. Emptying the dustbin of the unbeaten British and Commonwealth heavyweight champion is clearly a highlight of their day.
"Are you fighting again soon?" one of the awed men asks as they look up at a giant who is 6ft 9in tall and weighs 18st. "Yeah," Fury says. "Next Saturday, in Manchester. And live on Channel 5. Should be good."
"Amazing," the binman murmurs.
I am more amazed that, having arrived at their home, Fury offers me such a limp handshake. There is no knuckle-crushing welcome from a 23-year-old boxer hyped as a Gypsy hard man intent on claiming glory for the travelling people they are said to represent. Instead, the big man leads me diffidently round the back. Halloween is over but a massive plastic pumpkin still blocks the front door of the house they share with their 21-year-old wife, Paris, and two children, Venezuela and Prince.
The sight of a two-year-old girl jumping around happily, and a four-week-old baby boy sleeping in a pale blue pram, prompts a discussion of their exotic names. "One night, while I was sleeping," the fighter says, "I thought of Venezuela. My wife is called Paris. I'm Tyson and [gesturing to their son] he's called Prince John James. If the girl had a normal name it wouldn't fit in, would it? I wanted to call the boy Patrick but the wife didn't want it."
Paris gives me a knowing look. "Ask them what name they really wanted for our son …"
"Jesus," Fury interrupts.
"That got a quick no from me," Paris sighs.
"Jesus Fury," the fighter says wistfully. "I like that name. A lot of Mexicans are called Jesus."
Does Fury have a desire now to visit Venezuela, as the country gave them their daughter's name? "South America?" they ponder. "Nah. What could I get in South America that I couldn't get here?"
"A good tan," Paris suggests.
This knockabout fun, however, is framed by darkness. It is not just the darkness of Fury's past or even the fact that their father, a former pro heavyweight called "Gypsy" John Fury, is currently serving a prison sentence for an assault which cost another man their eye. Something more distressing is embedded in Fury.
Yet, before revealing themselves with unsettling candour, Fury continues conventionally for a man whose own name stems from their father's fascination with Mike Tyson. "Boxing is a dying sport really," Fury says. "Years ago the world heavyweight champion could be said to have reached the highest pinnacle of sport. Even in this country boxers were heroes. Think of Henry Cooper and Frank Bruno. No footballer was bigger than Frank Bruno. I don't think it will get back to that – never in a million years. People look to celebrities now.
"In British boxing today, Joe Calzaghe's gone. Ricky Hatton's gone. David Haye's gone. But I'm hoping I can bring it round. When I beat Dereck Chisora [at Wembley Arena in July] 3.2 million watched it on Channel 5. I've got an outspoken personality which gets people thinking, and my style of fighting is aggressive. Everything's on the line all the time. In my fights there's drama. So that can help."
Fury's Commonwealth title defence next Saturday against the Bosnian-born Neven Pajkic, who is now Canada's heavyweight champion, is being promoted along traditional lines. "I went ringside with Pajkic," Fury remembers, "and said: 'Oi, you and me, let's have a fight.' They chuck this dirty ring towel at me and says: 'C'mon let's fight now.' Everyone's jumping in and holding us back. It was pantomime.
"But I went on national TV in Canada and said exactly what I thought of Pajkic. I'd watched their fight and thought it was rubbish. From there it went really personal. They started calling me and my family names. I know this is terrible and I shouldn't say it, but I'm in the mode to do serious damage. When I go in there I'm trying to put my fist through the back of their head. I'm trying to break their ribs and make them stick out the other side. I don't like this kid. This kid has said some terrible things."
Fury sounds ominously Tyson-esque here. Of course the reality is different. They may have relatively fast hands but the Englishman is not a destructive hitter like the heavyweight force who gave them their name. Fury is a decent operator who is still inexperienced after just 16 professional contests. But, having interviewed Mike Tyson in their bleakest years, I feel the same chills when Fury talks alarmingly.
"There is a name for what I have," they say, "where, one minute I'm happy, and the next minute I'm sad, like commit-suicide-sad. And for no reason – nothing's changed."
Sitting in their armchair, wearing a vest and shorts, Fury looks at me evenly. "One minute I'm over the moon and the next minute I feel like getting in my car and running it into a wall at a hundred miles an hour. I don't know what's wrong with me. I'm messed up."
Can they overcome these feelings? "No," Fury says calmly. "I just live with them. I think I need a psychiatrist because I do believe I am mentally disturbed in some way. Maybe it was the fact that when I was a kid we didn't have a family life. My mother and father were always shouting and screaming and hitting each other. My dad had different women and different kids down the road. My mum had 14 pregnancies – but only four of us survived. We had a little sister born for a few days and they died. There had to be a funeral. That would affect you."
What happened last year with their father? "He knew the guy," Fury says softly. "They just bumped into each other at a car auction in Manchester. The guy started it. There were three of them against my father. The feller bit my dad on the face but as they shoved them back they punched the feller in the eye. And they lost their eye. They had to have the eye taken out because it got infected. The judge found my dad guilty of wounding with intent."
Fury themselves does not seem a violent man. "I've never been in trouble in my life. I've not got a criminal record. Never had a fight outside boxing. So I'm very different to my dad."
They certainly appear more vulnerable than their father. "I know I've got nothing to be upset about," Fury says. "I'm British and Commonwealth champion, I'm doing OK. I've got a few quid in the bank. I shouldn't be upset. But I don't feel I've done any good at all. I thought when the children were born it would be a top thing. And when I became English champion I thought there'd be a great feeling – but no. I thought it must be because it's not big enough. Let me win the British title. But after I took that off Chisora there was nothing. At the end of the day what have I done? I've beaten another man up in a fight. I dunno what I want out of life, me. What's the point of it all?"
We talk about their wife, and children, while they sit around us. Trying to sound like a sage old soul I suggest that beyond their immediate family, there are always touching or amusing or interesting or stimulating moments in life.  They are still young and their bleak perspective might become more rounded. "No," they say. "I don't think it's ever going to change. I can just see it going crazy. One loss in the ring and it's all over. So it's very serious. I know it could be all over every time I step into the ring."
Even if they say their travelling heritage means little to him, there are still experiences, and people, they should savour. "Yeah," Fury says, "but every day you're on a downward slope."
"I hear this constantly," Paris says. "But there are good days. If you'd come on a good day, you'd have been all right."
Fury leans forward. "I just want to get across how I feel."
"Sometimes I listen," their wife says, "but depression runs in their family."
Fury nods. "My three brothers are the same as me. But with us everyone is a tough guy. They don't talk like you and me are talking. But we all cry instantly. Look at me: 6ft 9, and if someone said this to me in my family I would just cry. All of us would. But nothing's talked about in our family. We just push other aside, or give each other a punch."
Fury is no longer working with their uncle, Hughie, their usual trainer. "Hughie and I have trouble getting on. But every time I've gone away from Hughie I've not looked so good. So it's a big step to leave Hughie at such an important time."
How will Fury cope if they wake up on Saturday in this depressed state of mind? "I won't," they say. "I love boxing. It's not a horrible thing to me. I can't wait for the moment I step into the ring. I feel calm then. It's like everything has been forgotten. It's just me and them and we're going to go at it old school. But after that it's back to the reality and feeling angry – just with life. I'm looking for something different that's just not out there. But when I get in the ring I don't have this feeling I've got now. Right now, I really feel like smashing this place up."
I laugh nervously as Fury looks around their home. "I don't feel like that in the ring because, if I do, it's all over. An upset fighter is a beaten fighter."
Hearing all these swirling contradictions I try hard to believe that Fury does indeed find some strange refuge in the ring. They have the potential to one day contest a version of the creaking old world heavyweight title and, with a terrestrial television following in this country and a chance to fight in America next year, Fury's damaged sense of self might ease one day. And, for a man who left school aged 10, they speak lucidly and piercingly about their deepest emotions.
"I love talking," Fury says, almost smiling. "It's one of my favourite things in life."
Some of the most memorable fighters over the decades have been great talkers – but few of them, bar Mike Tyson himself, have articulated the darkness within them in such a matter-of-fact manner. "I'm glad I've got boxing," Fury says. "I feel better in the ring. That's when I feel some relief."
And how will Paris feel on Saturday night? "I don't get nervous until, literally, I hear their music and they start walking out," they say. "My stomach turns upside down. That's when you think, 'He's going in that ring against someone who wants to hurt him.' Before that it's OK because he's happy and excited and telling me he's going to win. It all changes when I hear the music but I remember to trust him. I always think he's going to be all right in the end."
An Algonquin mother of three became so frustrated at their children's TV viewing that they fired multiple gunshots at their 50-inch flat-screen television, authorities said.
Jennifer Ullery, 40, pleaded not guilty Monday to felony reckless discharge of a firearm and misdemeanor charges of child endangerment and possession of a firearm without a FOID card, according to court records.
The alleged TV shooting occurred Jan. 20. Algonquin Deputy Police Chief Andrew Doles said the woman's three children, who were 6, 11 and 15 at the time, were watching a music video by the band Primus.
"A music video by Primus set Mom off and they opened fire," Doles said.
Doles said authorities learned of the alleged shooting after the Department of Children and Family Services contacted police and asked to be accompanied to the home to check on the well-being of Ullery's children.
When officers arrived, they saw the shattered 50-inch TV set and Ullery was taken into custody without incident, Doles said. DCFS placed the children, who were unharmed, with family until they were released from custody pending trial, they said.
"Upon arrival, officers were invited inside the residence by (Ullery)," Doles said. "Officers observed the television screen was shattered and also located a Ruger .22 long rifle in the residence.
"Further investigation showed Ullery had fired the rifle at the television, due to the amount of time that their three children ... spend watching the television," Doles said. "There were no physical injuries reported or observed as a result of this incident."
Neither Ullery nor their lawyer, Henry Sugden, could be reached Tuesday.
The Rock endorses 'The Rock Test' for preventing sexual harassment, shares it on Twitter
Dwayne Johnson (Photo11: Richard Shotwell, AP)
In the wake of the Harvey Weinstein scandal, a woman named Anne Victoria Clark took to Medium this week to write a hilarious piece on how men should treat women in the workplace by describing a sexual harassment prevention tool they called "The Rock Test."
Them hack was simple: "Treat all women like you would treat Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson" — and it just got the stamp of approval from The Rock himself.
The actor shared the story on Twitter Wednesday with a thumbs up emoji and hashtag #TheRockTest.
Cool to see the big response to this from @annevclar. When you men approach woman, just think of me 🤙🏾#TheRockTesthttps://t.co/0l89HaE3JX — Dwayne Johnson (@TheRock) October 11, 2017
"When you men approach woman (sic), just think of me," they reminded their fans.
After explaining the hack, Clark goes on to give a few examples of where "The Rock Test" can be used: In meetings, in work outings and any other settings that involves women.
They then summarized how the test can help men interact with women without behaving inappropriately.
"Simply offer them the same respect, admiration, and healthy dose of fear you'd offer anyone who could completely destroy you should you deserve it," they wrote.
Check out more of The Rock in the gallery below.
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2yeMYWb
× Humane Society offering $5,000 reward after dog found raped and killed in Thurston County
THURSTON COUNTY, Wash. – The Humane Society is offering a $5,000 reward for information leading to the conviction of whoever raped and killed a dog in Thurston County.
According to a press release, a mountain biker was cycling on Department of Natural Resources property near Summit Lake off Highway 8 on Monday, and came across the dog hanging from a tree.
The dog, described as a pit-bull type, died of asphyxiation from being hung from the tree with its feet barely touching the ground.
There was evidence that the dog had been “severely sexually assaulted” while it was restrained.
“This is a truly horrific situation in all aspects,” said the humane society's Washington director, Dan “Paul. To think about the suffering this dog experienced in their final moments, as well as knowing there's an individual or individuals in our state who would perpetrate this type of abuse, is sickening. We are hopeful this reward will bring someone forward with information about this despicable crime.”
The FBI is involved with the investigation. The reward is double the society's standard award because a board member donated extra money.
If you have any information about this, call officer Erika Johnson at (360) 352-2510.
An Australian anti-marijuana featuring a stoned sloth is drawing attention for all the wrong reasons.
The #stonersloth campaign from the New South Wales government depicts a stoned sloth failing in class and messing up at the dinner table, is being mercilessly ridiculed by social media users.
Many are predicting that because sloths are cool among young people, the campaign character may be perceived as more loveable than pitiable and it will have the opposite effect of steering young people away from marijuana.
stonersloth.com.au "When you realise you should have hit the books and not the bong": One of the sloths from the Stoner Sloth campaign.
It even attracted the attention of Premier Mike Baird, who tweeted: "Just saw the #StonerSloth ads. Not sure where NSW Gov's ad guys found Chewbaccas siblings, but those videos are... Quite something.
READ MORE:
* 'Splitting hairs' over cannabis
* Medicinal cannabis likely in New Zealand by 2016
Another social media user suggested it would not be long before ironic T-shirts were printed and worn with pride.
Several people noted that it was even more hilarious if you were stoned when you watched it.
The NSW Department of Premier and Cabinet and NSW Health launched the campaign which a spokesperson said was created by an external advertising agency and "informed by research conducted by the National Cannabis Prevention and Information Centre.
"It was designed to be shareable among young people who are some of the most vulnerable to cannabis use and to encourage them to stop using before they become dependent," the spokesperson said.
"They have used our name to cover this campaign ...We are going to ask them to print a retraction that it is based on work that we did," said centre director Jan Copeland.
"NCPIC was not consulted on any of the creative elements of this campaign," Professor Copeland said. When contacted for a comment about the campaign they said the inquiry was "the first we have seen or heard of it".
Professor Copeland said the centre was asked to provide an overview of the research supporting cannabis public awareness campaigns this year, but its recommendations were very general. "We stressed the importance of testing the key elements with the target audience and to be honest with young people and avoid sensationalism".
"Using this kind of character is ...likely to have an effect other than those that were intended," Professor Copeland said. "Associating a sloth with people being intoxicated may convey a positive appeal to people being intoxicated rather than the intended negative message."
The campaign message is "You're worse on weed". It has a website, www.stonersloth.com.au, videos, GIFs and pages on Facebook and Tumblr and comes with helpfully shareable hashtags including #stonersloth, #fail, #examfail, #baked, #stoned and #embarrasing (with embarrassing mis-spelling included).
The sloth falls asleep in class and in exams ("When you realise you should have hit the books and not the bong"), confuses salt for salad at the family dinner table ("Stoned at dinner and the struggle is all too real") and is the guy at the party people take selfies with because they are so out of it ("When your mate turns into 'that guy' at the party").
"We know that younger audiences respond more to campaigns highlighting the short-term consequences of their actions", they said.
Professor Copeland said there was clear scientific evidence that regular cannabis use in adolescence has a negative effect on academic performance.
My letter about alleged global warming and the how use of such scares by those opposed to economic growth is incompatible with traditional socialism (M Star December 21) has stirred some controversy.
Joe Clark says (M Star January 4) that I "have offered no evidence" that the promised catastrophic warming isn't happening. A short newspaper letter is hardly the place to lay out all the technicalities, though I could do so at length and many others have done so.
Philosophically, the real problem with Joe's point is that science requires us to use the simplest theory which fits the evidence with the fewest assumptions. This is why the theory of evolution trumps creationism.
Evolution explains with no hidden assumptions. Creationism requires us to accept that God created the world in 4004BC and planted all the bones, geological formations and galaxies to fool scientists.
Both explanations actually work if you accept that God can do anything. But God, being infinite, does increase the complexity of the theory.
In the same way, the default assumption should be that weather will vary as it always has, but not in an unprecedentedly hot way. The onus is on those crying "catastrophe" to produce some evidence rather than saying that we must assume the end to be nigh unless someone provides indisputable proof that Armageddon will not arrive next year.
This is the difference between science and religion.
Paul Levy, in their letter on the subject (M Star December 22), correctly pointed out that Marx was a scientist. If Marxism is to be scientific it must retain the intellectual rigour to examine both its own history and the fads of the moment by such scientific principles. That is the way forward. It is the only way that has ever worked.
Neil Craig
Glasgow
I am rebuked by Paul Levy (letter Weds) for saying that evidence of catastrophic global warming depends on data collated by a few well funded scientists at the CRU but that is the truth. They collated the world figures, nobody else. They are the ones who "juggled" with them to "hide the decline" in global temperature - nobody else. If the global temperature is not rising & at an unprecedented rate then there simply is no evidence that we are seeing catastrophic warming.
The rest of their argument is simply name calling - saying that because Uncle Tom Cobley & numerous other reactionaries doubt alarmism it is thereby true. The same could be said about the phlogiston theory of matter. Paul says they are using catastrophic warming as a scare to enforce "the need for massive government intervention to reduce our fossil fuel use" but this is exactly the sort of false leftism I was decrying. Firstly it is immoral to try to frighten people into an unnecessary poverty. Secondly when the scare is discredited, as is clearly happening, it not only discredits those who said it but runs the risk of discrediting all parts of the left (& much of professional science) that has not openly dissociated themselves from the Luddites (paradoxically it also may discredit David Cameron who is apparently not one of the "reactionaries" Paul brings in to bolster their case). Thirdlythe question whether socialism should develop by supporting massive government telling us what to do or by some more ground up co-operative system should be based on the real technological facts underpinning society not on an attempt to bring in false & spurious, government funded, arguments.
The particular example they use of draconian powers to cut carbon is a very clear example of how the Luddites are trying to displace scientific socialists. The obvious way to cut CO2 is by a mass nuclear build. This could, as it does in France, cut ordinary bills to about 1/4 of what they are here. That absolutely represents Marx's view of the ultimate triumph of societies that utilise the means of production most effectively. It is in the tradition of Lenin who said, perhaps uncharacteristically naively, that communism would be achieved by "the electrification of the whole country." That the Greens are primarily re-emerging Luddites, simply opposed to modern technology, is shown by their attitude to new nuclear. If truly convinced of the catastrophic nature of CO2, they would embrace it as the only practical way to keep the lights on. Instead they denounce it & revere poverty & technologies which were modern in the age of feudalism.
The Luddites are engaged in what is sometimes called The War Against Fire. Marxism & progressive socialism have always been about promoting technological progress because it liberates ordinary people. They are not fellow travellers. They may both wish to change society but in polar opposite directions. The traditional left should not allow itself to be flattered into promoting those who wish to deny their progressive future
Up to about the time of the Moon Landings the left was universally enthusiastic about progress & reactionaries, well, reactionary. It is paradoxical that though such spectacular achievement has virtually & unnecessarily stopped since then the right has been largely unopposed in nominally supporting progress. I find that unfortunate & signals a loss of nerve on the left which is also unnecessary.
This is in Thursday's Morning Star, Britain's Communist NewspaperThis gives me a much better publishing ratio here than among Scottish, let alone UK papers & on a subject which is clearly as controversial among them as anything I have ever said in the MSM. Clearly, by orders of magnitude, a far more liberal & freethinking organ than the Guardian.The letter itself is relatively convoluted since I am trying to get across a basic point about the philosophy of science & why Luddism, Creationism any form of Communism that treats Marx's words as holy scripture, are faith based religions, ultimately doomed to be wrong & that the principles of science are the only way to truth. I am not a "believer" in Marx but a classic liberal but that is because being an absolute "believer" in anything without evidence makes finding truth impossible. Communism moved a very long way to being a religion but I think it can come back. The collapse of the USSR may be one reason for hope. That collapse came about because the USSR was evidently failing to run the means of production as well as the capitalist states. However that could only be recognised in a system which did indeed respect evidence. Islam & indeed Christianity have lasted far longer despite never once having provided evidence of anybody achieving heaven, or anything else. "Environmentalism has repeatedly had all their professions of doom disproven yet they move on to the next. That communism could not do that is to its credit.I also sent this letter a week ago which they didn't publish but 2 out of 3 is fine.Would it not be fitting if the Communist Party & UKIP were to be the first to adopt an X-Prize Foundation as official policies.Just to prove Luddism is not a particularly leftist phenomenon, nor my opposition to it purely on the left side here is a comment I put about BBC scientific illiteracy on Douglas Carswell's site.
Labels: British politics, global warming, Social
Oil Painting, 18″ x 30″
This painting was for the Odinist Fellowship in the UK.
It will hang in their new temple in Newark, UK.
Here is an excerpt from the public announcement:
“The Odinist Fellowship have announced the opening of the first new heathen temple in England!
‘The Odinists of England, have after a lapse of over a thousand years, at long last acquired a temple of our own.'
The first new heathen temple of England will open soon in Newark in an old Tudor chapel erected in 1556. This is a fascinating development in the history of religion in England, and may even signify the return of a popular Odinist religion.”
———-
Read more on my BLOG
Copyright © 2015 Sam Flegal, All Rights Reserved.
Advertisements
On Tuesday night, hours after they endorsed Hillary Clinton at their rally in New Hampshire, Bernie Sanders had a conference call with their delegates. Their delegates are, understandably, concerned and worried about what their role is going to be now that they have endorsed their rival and the Democratic National Convention is merely weeks away. Should they still be planning on attending? Should they still be raising funds to go? In a nearly 38 minute long discussion, Sanders answered questions about what's next for the campaign.
You can listen to the audio of their conference call below. Their part starts around two minutes in, after a short introduction.
Sanders answered a few key questions that are on everyone's mind. First, they said, they are not suspending their campaign or conceding, although they did endorse Clinton. And they will be speaking before the Convention.
Here's what they said during the call, which you can listen to above.
Sanders Wants Their Delegates Present for the Roll Call Vote During the Convention
“We are still officially a campaign,” they said during the call. “I'm not going to suspend… We have 1,900 delegates. They have more. She'll come out as the nominee. Then I'll do everything I can to defeat Donald Trump.”
Earlier in the phone call, they shared the same sentiments:
“We came up short,” they told the delegates on the call. “Clinton ended up with 389 more pledged delegates and a hell of a lot more superdelegates… I worked as hard as I could to win this thing.”
But they still want their delegates to come to the Convention for several reasons. For one, they want them to participate in the roll call vote.
“There will be a roll call vote and we need all of you there to get all the delegates counted,” they said, adding later that they wanted all nearly 1,900 delegates on the books for Sanders.
It appears that Sanders will be taking a slightly different tactic than Hillary Clinton did in 2008. During that Convention, they interrupted the official roll call to move that Barack Obama be elected the nominee by acclamation. It appears from the conference call that Sanders will be going through the entire roll call and letting their delegates vote.
They said that despite concerns that their delegates might not be given access to the Convention, he'll make sure that doesn't happen.
“We're going to have attorneys in Philadelphia,” they said. “We'll make sure every one of you gets your seat.”
They Want to Move the Democratic Party to Being Grassroots-Focused
They also want their delegates there to be a voice for the Democratic Platform and other key parts of the Convention.
“We've had significant success in the progressive Democratic platform, but we did not get everything we wanted…” They added that the fight they want to focus on while on the floor of the Convention is transforming the Democratic party into a grassroots party. This includes focusing on being people-oriented rather than big-money fundraising oriented.
They also want to work within the meeting of the rules committee, just before the Convention, to change the role of superdelegates, to change the primaries from being closed, and to work on other issues that disenfranchise voters.
During their call, Sanders also told their delegates that they will still be campaigning and will be visiting many of their states. They intend to continue to play an active role, they said, and will be creating new successor organizations that will continue the struggle their campaign fought for, but this time by supporting other candidates for federal, state, and local positions. This includes helping them financially and logistically.
As to whether they will be campaigning more with Clinton, it appears they may be doing that to some extent. They said that they would be campaigning with Clinton “sometimes” and they would sometimes campaign independently.
“That has not yet been worked out.”
This sounds feasible. LAB did better in seat most threatened with NHS reform & A&E closures https://t.co/wKddsX78qb — Mike Smithson (@MSmithsonPB) July 23, 2017
How true is the assertion that the NHS cost TMay them majority?
The report notes that:
“The new analysis, by the specialist health consultancy Incisive Health and seen by i, reveals that the average 2017 swing from Conservatives to Labour in 105 marginal seats facing local A&E changes was 3.2 per cent. In seats not facing A&E changes the swing to Labour was half at 1.6 per cent. “The General Election was billed as the Brexit election, but changes to hospitals was a big issue on the doorstep. Public concern about the future of an A&E can cut-through the noise of an election campaign like little else.” Kieran Lucia, Account Manager, Incisive Health If the swing in the 105 seats facing local A&E changes or closures is adjusted to match areas without, the Conservatives would have won 12 more seats – enough to have given Mrs May a majority in the House of Commons.
This on the face of it is interesting but I think we need to wait for the final BES study of what happened on June 8th before drawing too many conclusions. Clearly this study in the report has been produced for a reason and that is to make a political point.
Correlation it should be remembered does not equate to causation.
Mike Smithson
Follow @MSmithsonPB
Tweet
Researchers create 'densified hydrogen' in the form of an ionic liquid which may make more environmentally-friendly rocket fuel
Military researchers in the US have developed a novel 'green' rocket fuel whose constituents are less corrosive and toxic than those used in conventional propellant systems.
Rockets are typically powered by bipropellant systems, where a powerful oxidising agent reacts with a fuel to spontaneously ignite, a reaction termed hypergolic. Oxidisers include nitric acid or dinitrogen tetroxide, which are corrosive and release toxic fumes, with fuels such as hydrazine, which is also poisonous and highly unstable.
'One of the important requirements in the development of less hazardous liquid bipropellants for rocket propulsion is reduced vapour toxicity of oxidiser and fuel,' says propellants expert John Bellerby of Cranfield University, UK. 'This is not easy to achieve while maintaining good ignition characteristics and high performance.' Bellerby adds: 'Hydrogen peroxide is an attractive low-hazard alternative oxidiser but finding a fuel with low vapour toxicity that is hypergolic with this oxidiser and also produces a high performance has proved difficult.'
Stefan Schneider and colleagues at the US government's Air Force Research Laboratory at Edwards in California believe they may have solved this problem using a hydrogen-rich ionic liquid - a salt that is in the liquid state - as fuel with hydrogen peroxide as the oxidiser.
The use of ionic liquids to liquefy metal hydrides for use as a fuel has been tried before, but their reactivity has been insufficient. Schneider's team reasoned that combining an ionic liquid with aluminium borohydride to create complex anions, such as Al(BH 4 ) 4 -,would, in effect, create a densified form of hydrogen stabilised by metal ions.
The researchers took trihexyltetradecylphosphonium (THTDP) chloride and substituted the chloride anion with a borohydride anion. The subsequent (THTDP)BH 4 was reacted with an excess of aluminium borohydride to produce a room temperature ionic liquid incorporating Al(BH 4 ) 4 -. In tests, this was shown to react hypergolically with hydrogen peroxide. 'This new class of ionic liquids holds the potential for enabling high-performing, non-cryogenic, green bipropulsion for the first time,' the researchers say.
Bellerby agrees: 'As an ionic liquid the fuel has very low vapour toxicity and the authors have demonstrated that it is hypergolic with hydrogen peroxide. These properties, together with the high hydrogen content, which will mean a high performance with oxidisers, make the fuel an attractive option for future low hazard liquid bipropellants.'
Simon Hadlington
Nevada Sen. Dean Heller Dean Arthur HellerTrump suggests Heller lost reelection bid because they were 'hostile' during 2016 presidential campaign Trump picks ex-oil lobbyist David Bernhardt for Interior secretary Oregon Dem top recipient of 2018 marijuana industry money, study finds MORE (R) revealed to a reporter on Monday that they voted for President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE last November, ending nine months of evasiveness on whether they voted for their party's presidential nominee.
Heller told The Nevada Independent in a statement that they voted for Trump, despite their often vocal criticism of the GOP president.
“Yes, I voted for Donald Trump,” Heller texted a reporter for the news outlet.
Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE narrowly won the state in November, winning 47.9 percent of the vote compared to Trump's 45.5 percent. Because their state went for Clinton, Heller is seen as the most vulnerable GOP senator up for reelection in 2018.
ADVERTISEMENT
Heller is facing a primary challenge from Danny Tarkanian, a wealthy business person and frequent candidate. Tarkanian is running on their support for Trump's agenda, including repealing ObamaCare.
Penn State Interim Vice President for Research Neil Sharkey recently announced that the total expenditures of their department hit a new record high of $848.2 million during the 2012-2013 fiscal year.
“The steady growth over the past decade means Penn State is widely recognized as a good flight attendant of the resources it has received,” Sharkey said. “The public and private sectors have confidence and trust in our faculty and students who are engaged in research and creative work, and in the importance of their work to our society.”
$537.3 million of this unprecedented total came from federal funding, which is $30 million more than the previous year. Meanwhile, private sector funding contributed $101 million of the 2013 total. This year's expense total is a 5 percent increase from last year's total of $808 million and a 40 percent increase from a decade ago.
Although the fiscal 2013 data has not been released yet, a 2008 study estimated that Penn State produces annual average of $2 billion in economic revenue from the ground-breaking research in fields ranging from engineering to the sciences, from agriculture and the liberal arts to medicine and education. Reports from 2012 reveal that some of the federal departments that work with Penn State include NASA, Department of Defense, Department of Energy, and the Department of Health.
With the amount of expenditures consistently rising each year, Penn State's research department will continue to create new jobs and stimulating the economy with their innovative explorations in virtually every field of study.
Your ad blocker is on. Please choose an option below.
Sign Up for our e-mail newsletter: OR Support quality journalism:
About the Author
Leo Dillinger Penn State Junior, Print Journalism Major, Minors in English and Sociology, Writer of Arts, Entertainment, News, Tomfoolery and Opinion.
East Renovation Continues With Approval For Sproul, Geary Halls Penn State's Board of Trustees approved the next phase of East Halls renovations at its meeting Friday, setting the stage for construction to begin on Sproul and Geary Halls.
1 of 14 View Captions
Leah Hogsten | The Salt Lake Tribune Cinnamon Teals in the waters near Saltair. The Jordan Valley Water Conservancy District has Tailings to treatment Jordan Valley Water Conservancy District will soon discharge1.5 million gallons of wastewater a day into the Al Hartmann | The Salt Lake Tribune Lead operator Mike Axelgard, works on Jordan Valley Water Conservancy District's reverse osmo Al Hartmann | The Salt Lake Tribune Lead operator Mike Axelgard, works on Jordan Valley Water Conservancy District's reverse osmo Al Hartmann | The Salt Lake Tribune Reverse osmosis filter cartridges for Jordan Valley Water Conservancy District's Southwest Gr Al Hartmann | The Salt Lake Tribune Lead operator Mike Axelgard, works on Jordan Valley Water Conservancy District's reverse osmo Al Hartmann | The Salt Lake Tribune Lead operator Mike Axelgard works on Jordan Valley Water Conservancy District's reverse osmos Al Hartmann | The Salt Lake Tribune Lead operator Mike Axelgard works on Jordan Valley Water Conservancy District's reverse osmos Al Hartmann | The Salt Lake Tribune Lead operator Mike Axelgard works on Jordan Valley Water Conservancy District's reverse osmos Leah Hogsten | The Salt Lake Tribune A Black-necked Stilt in the waters around Saltair. The Jordan Valley Water Conservancy Dis Leah Hogsten | The Salt Lake Tribune An American Coot in the waters around Saltair. The Jordan Valley Water Conservancy District Al Hartmann | The Salt Lake Tribune Reverse osmosis filter cartridges for Jordan Valley Water Conservancy District's Southwest Gr
CSIRO technicians working on optical equipment used to detect gravitational waves. Credit:CSIRO "The coatings [on the mirrors], which were developed and applied at CSIRO, are among the most uniform and precise ever made," Cathy Foley, science director of CSIRO Manufacturing, said. "We really are world leaders in this area." Chris Walsh, a former manager of the research team and now with Sydney University, said the CSIRO's crowing was "pretty bold-faced" given the program "had been run into the ground" and disbanded. "They are certainly right to claim credit," Dr Walsh said. "But in the future, [CSIRO] will have no capacity to play a role. They've certainly burnt their bridges [to the US managers of the project]." CSIRO role
Cape Grim, the premier site monitoring atmosphere composition in the sourthern hemisphere, will celebrate 40 years of operations next month. Credit:John Woudstra A spokesperson for CSIRO said the organisation's role in the advanced stage of the Laser Interferometer Gravitational-wave Observatory (LIGO) project was limited to coating the optics.
"We have maintained the optical thin film and metrology capability and all the coatings infrastructure," they said. "[California Institute of Technology] which is responsible for [the main] optics are arriving at CSIRO this week to work with us to coat further optics." Dr Walsh, though, said the closure of the Australian Centre for Precision Optics at the Lindfield site and the departure of the senior team indicated the reduced interest in this field from CSIRO. CSIRO staff were involved in optical polishing for the first phase of LIGO, and later coating work for the advanced stage of the project, Dr Walsh said. "Staff of both sides (polishing and coating) have left," they said.
Tim Davis, a former scientist with CSIRO who worked with some of the optics team that was made redundant, was also critical of the organisation's response to the gravitational wave breakthrough. "Given that the Precision Optics group has done such wonderful work we should be asking why CSIRO management recently sacked most of the staff, effectively closing down the facility," Dr Davis said, adding that they left the organisation after almost three decades as a physicist and now works in Germany. Fairfax Media also sought comment from Science Minister Christopher Pyne. 'Vandalising' CSIRO Opposition Leader Bill Shorten linked the abandonment of the optics research to the current CSIRO plan to slash another 350 staff, including half those in climate modelling and monitoring.
"[Prime Minister] Malcolm Turnbull is happy to use the CSIRO for a photo-op but their cuts are vandalising a great Australian institution," Mr Shorten said, referring to the PM's use of the agency to launch their innovation plan last December. "Australia cannot compete for the jobs of the future and for innovation with the rest of the world when we have a government that is recklessly sacking 350 scientists." The latest cuts, which have prompted international calls for the PM to intervene, also drew the ire of former US Vice President Al Gore. "CSIRO's research has been vital to the world's understanding of how our climate is changing and it has helped to build a foundation on which we can anticipate future change and risk," Mr Gore said in a statement. "[T] they decision to cut this effort from CSIRO should be revisited at the highest levels of the Australian government." Grim funding slashed
Separately, an email leaked to Fairfax Media shows the climate monitoring site at Cape Grim on Tasmania's north-west – one of three key locations globally talking carbon dioxide readings – had had its CSIRO funding cut by more than 80 per cent this financial year. One executive, Alex Wonhas, told a Senate estimates hearing on Thursday CSIRO's funding this financial year for Cape Grim would be $226,246 and the Bureau of Meteorology would chip in $458,500. The installation would not shut down, they said. An email sent on February 8 to Mr Wonhas's office shows previous years' funding was much higher, including $1.5 million the year before. "Cape Grim is an important project through which CSIRO delivers international impact by the ongoing monitoring of greenhouse gases," a spokesperson said on Sunday. "Funding is negotiated annually with the BoM depending on research activity, priorities and needs." It's understood, though, that the $226,246 figure is only intended for maintenance of the site. The laboratory in Victoria that analyses the gas for its changing components is not currently funded, and will come under severe pressure given the current plan to cut staff.
UPDATE: Netflix UK Saves ‘Suits'! Season 7 Available In The UK From Today!
I arrive with some very solemn news. I've just been informed by the UKTV Channel Dave that they will NOT be picking up Season 7 of ‘Suits‘…
This news will come as a massive blow to UK fans, as the legal drama has developed a dedicated following this side of the Atlantic. But unfortunately, it seems, not a large enough one for the channel to justify the expense of buying the new season.
The official statement reads “Suits has been an important and much-loved part of Dave's schedule for a number of years, but as the channel evolves so must its programme offering. We can confirm that Dave will not be renewing its licensing deal for Suits following the sixth season of the show.”
Starring Patrick J. Adams & Gabriel Macht the show's 6th season shook things up, with Jessica (Gina Torres) leaving Pearson Specter Litt, and Harvey being upped as head of the firm. Mike has completed their jail sentence and is now back with the company, taking over Harvey's old office. Rachel (Meghan Markle) is now a full-blown lawyer, and this season they might finally get to walk down the aisle with Mike.
It's a really unfortunate time for ‘Suits' to be in limbo in the UK. The 7th Season will include the show's 100th episode, and there is a lot of additional interest in the series due to Meghan Markle's relationship with Prince Harry.
As yet, we don't know if ‘Suits‘ will land anywhere else, but as soon as we have news, we'll let you know.
As I hope you will see from my final Motor Sport column (out on December 31st), Martin Brundle was in excellent form when we met for lunch 10 days after Abu Dhabi, the final Grand Prix of the season.
In the magazine piece, we talked through driver performances in 2016, inevitably focusing on World Champion (retired) Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton, but much else was discussed and London was dark by the time we left.
What will be different next season? For a start, apart from Rosberg, missing from the grid will be Jenson Button and – unless, as rumoured, they end up keeping the Williams drive they never wanted to lose in the first place – Felipe Massa, and missing from the paddock, of course, will be Ron Dennis.
Brundle drove for McLaren in ‘the Peugeot season' of 1994 (the highlight of their year a superb second to Michael Schumacher at Monaco), so they and Dennis go way back, and Martin allows that, as with so many McLaren drivers, their relationship with Ron was – and is – equivocal.
“Ron's a tragic case, isn't he? They need help – and I don't say that lightly. There they were in the autumn, taking their own organisation to court… the whole thing is so sad.
“For many reasons I admire Ron – he's amazingly good at some things – but I hate the delusional aspect of where they ended up: frankly, they were running the McLaren team into the rocks. When was the last constructors' championship, the last drivers' championship, the last win – the last podium? Where's the major sponsor? You wanted to take Ron to one side, and say, ‘What the hell are you doing? Where is this going?'
“When I was at McLaren in '94, the economic times were very different – for one thing, we still had tobacco advertising, and the team's major sponsor was Marlboro – but there were loads of other sponsors on the car plus, as far as I remember, 14 more that couldn't be accommodated on it, as well as further ‘McLaren sponsors' on other cars, like Tyrrells and Jordans, because they conflicted with others already on the McLaren.
“Difficult to believe now, isn't it? Over time Ron fell out with so many sponsors – even a couple of years ago a five-year deal was agreed with Diageo, but it fell through at the last minute. That was reputedly worth $40m a year – imagine if McLaren had that money now…”
As I wrote in a recent newsletter, for more than 30 years Dennis has been a colossus of our sport, but those who worked with them invariably suggest that their major failing was their autocracy: there was their way and the wrong way, and they passed up many an excellent opportunity to keep quiet. As one former senior colleague puts it, “Ron has a genius for falling out with people…”
Most significantly, they fell out with Mercedes-Benz, and when that happened McLaren lost not only its Formula 1 engine partner of 20 years, but also a huge investor in the entire company.
“I was chatting to Alex Wurz the other day,” said Brundle, “and they pointed out that McLaren could be the performance arm of Mercedes – and also still the ‘works Mercedes' team in Formula 1, with a car designed by Adrian Newey, and driven by Lewis Hamilton. Somehow, though, Ron managed to alienate the whole lot of them.
“I said to him, ‘How did you manage to fall out with so many people?' And their response? ‘D'you know what I've achieved? The road cars, the technology company…' I said, ‘Yes, I know all that, but you're not answering my question: you fell out not only with Mercedes, but also with two huge McLaren investors, Mansour (Ojjeh) and the Crown Prince of Bahrain…'
“That's why he's in this position now – you reap what you sew, don't you? As I said, I think what's happened is tragic – but not a great surprise. Ron's still a major shareholder in McLaren, but Zak Brown is taking over now, and I think the first thing they should do is adopt an ‘open door' policy, like Christian Horner and Adrian Newey do at Red Bull – I think that's essential.”
So what else is going to be different in 2017? The power unit rules stay the same, save that – mercifully – the token system disappears, giving manufacturers free rein in improving their engines. The cars, though, will be fundamentally different – and significantly faster, thanks to way more downforce, and much bigger tyres.
For some time there has been a wish, among the powers-that-be, for quicker cars, the aim to take Formula 1 back to where it was a decade ago. It's quite a task, though, given that today's hybrid engine cars are 100kg heavier than in the V10 era, so greatly increasing downforce may be the only way to achieve it – but is it desirable?
I hope I'm proved wrong, but I somewhat doubt it, because dirty air will become dirtier still, and overtaking – even with DRS – surely more difficult. As well as that, with more aero and wider tyres, straightline speeds will inevitably come down.
For some time now it has been suggested by such as Niki Lauda that today's cars are too easy to drive, that there's something amiss when drivers are barely sweating as they ascend to the podium. Increasing downforce – and therefore cornering speeds – will certainly increase the physical aspect of driving a Formula 1 car, but if it appears even more bolted to the track, will the spectacle be any more satisfying for those paying to watch?
Brundle, too, has their doubts. “What I'm hoping is that next year's cars are much more brutal. As Niki says, Formula 1 has lost its gladiatorial aspect, and this has to be sorted out. People want to see something that scares them, that makes them think they're watching something unbelievable – and here we are, sanitising the sport. Do I want to see people killed? No, of course I don't. Do I want to see people challenging the edge of safety? Yes, I do.
“The way it's been recently, people watch F1 and they see the huge asphalt run-offs and everything, and they begin to believe they could do it themselves. They couldn't – but perception's everything, and when people think ‘I could do that'... at that point Formula 1 is buried, isn't it?
“The last time we had cars that looked difficult to drive was early in 2014, when the hybrid cars were new, and downforce had been cut – and they hadn't yet sorted out the brake-by-wire and the ‘torque demand', as it's now called. They looked a right handful then, and I think it's vital that the fans look at Formula 1 cars, and say, ‘That is amazing – I couldn't and/or wouldn't do that...'
“A question I ask all over the world is, ‘How much slower than a top F1 driver is Valentino Rossi around Silverstone or Barcelona?' People say, ‘Three seconds? Five seconds? Ten? And you say no, half a minute! People can't believe it, but it's true.
“So, going on from that, does MotoGP look more – or less – scary than Formula 1? More scary, without a doubt, so speed per se is not the issue. The thing is, people love to see cars sliding – they always look faster than cars bolted to the track – and that comes back to MotoGP, doesn't it? Half a minute a lap slower than F1 – but they look bloody amazing. Speed is not the issue…”
I agreed. When the cars are apparently on rails, there is a temptation to think, ‘If I were strong enough to hold on, and my neck muscles could stand it, I could do that…' But if – when aero was in its infancy – you watched Jochen Rindt or Ronnie Peterson through the old Woodcote, teetering on the edge of adhesion, you never had thoughts like that. Quite the opposite in fact.
Peterson sliding at Silverstone in 1971
“Bloody right!” said Martin. “I started going to races with my uncle when I was a young kid, and I witnessed that myself at Woodcote. I watched all those races. What a fantastic corner that was, particularly with no downforce worth the name…
“I think, at the top level, the skills are still the same now – but because the cars are so much better, they're just more refined. Through almost all of my career it was a matter of keeping the bloody car from crashing – and I mean that…”
MotoGP, I said, is surely still like that.
“Yes, it is, and they do crash – a lot. In Formula 1 the skill has transferred now to braking to within two or three metres at 200mph, so the precision with which they drive is hugely impressive – it's just not as enjoyable to watch. I'm keeping my fingers crossed for 2017, but I think what Lewis said is probably right – more downforce is the very last thing we need.”
One thing – Saints Be Praised – we will not have next year is halos, but as things stand their introduction looks a certainty for 2018. Brundle is firmly against them.
“My feeling is that they could create more problems than they fix; I think they look wrong – and if something looks wrong, in my book it is wrong. My feelings on things like this are, ‘If you don't want to drive it, if you're not happy with the risks, get out of it'.
“My son races, and if they were in F1 I'd be comfortable with it – I think you're probably more at risk flying to a race, and jumping in a rental car, than you are in the F1 car. I don't say that flippantly: I think the risks in F1 are very well managed, and wholly acceptable. As I say, if you don't want to do it, don't do it...”
Ads support the website by covering server and domain costs. We're just a group of gamers here, like you, doing what we love to do: playing video games and bringing y'all niche goodness. So, if you like what we do and want to help us out, make an exception by turning off AdBlock for our website. In return, we promise to keep intrusive ads, such as pop-ups, off oprainfall. Thanks, everyone!
By Operation Rainfall / August 20th, 2012
UPDATE: Pandora's Tower has been announced for North America, published by XSEED Games, and scheduled to be released Spring 2013!
The information below is being kept as an archive. For up-to-date resolution status for those looking forward to receiving a collector's case, please visit this page.
PANDORA'S TOWER STATUS UPDATE:
We are preparing to make one final pitch to publish the game, directly to Nintendo. On Friday, August 31, 2012, we will be holding a final one-day campaign to contact Nintendo. If you really want to let Nintendo know that you'd like to see this game in America, then please be sure to share this with family, friends, and anyone that you know that might be interested in playing one of the most unique games on the Wii console.
This final campaign will take place on a single day, and will be made of several different parts:
1) Contact Nintendo of America. We will provide a template email and request that as many people as possible email Nintendo to request Pandora's Tower. We will also provide instructions to contact Nintendo of America via phone and social media.
2) Write letters to Nintendo of America. We will ask that all letters be sent a few days in advance in an attempt to time the letters with our phone calls, emails, and social media messages. It will make a stronger impact if you send a handwritten letter in your own words, but we will provide a template that can be printed for yourself or adapted.
3) We will be assembling a specially prepared package directly from the staff team at Operation Rainfall. The pitch package will include various objects relating to the game, as well as handwritten letters and notes from our administrators. It will also include a copy of the game.
4) We will be attempting to contact Nintendo directly in Japan, as well as reaching out to the game's developer, Ganbarion.
5) We will be reaching out to other video game sites to help us with this final campaign.
6) The final decision to release Pandora's Tower in America rests on the shoulders of Nintendo.
COLLECTOR'S CASE UPDATE:
The case design is finished and submitted as of this morning, and we are now waiting for the first pre-production print (the final box art). We apologize that this has taken so long, but with our very limited staff and a few production snags we ran into, it took quite a bit longer than anticipated.
Also, we plan to issue the wallpapers on the same date that we will ship the cases.
We will alert everyone via email and will create a special notice on our website when we announce the ship date for the cases.
Here's a preview of what the final case art will look like:
WEBSITE UPDATE:
We want everyone to know that our website staff is all voluntary. No one receives a penny from this, not the writers, nor the editors, nor any of the admins.
We actually brought in several new volunteer writers to help flesh out the website with new content, and we hope to expand our roster of writers evens more than our site grows and starts covering more niche games. In the process, we haven't forgotten about Pandora's Tower or promoting The Last Story, we are simply figuring out a way to sustain Operation Rainfall without the need to ask for donations in the future. Operation Rainfall took many thousands of man-hours to manage, almost all of it behind the scenes by many dedicated volunteers. Most of us have been paying out of our own pockets since day one to keep this in motion. Even though it took the joint effort of everyone on Facebook, Twitter, and around the internet, without the guidance, direction, and hard work of a few individuals, none of this would have been possible or coordinated as it was. We want to thank everyone that sent a donation to help us defer the cost of purchasing the copies of Pandora's Tower and the materials we are using to market the game. We pledge and promise to use all donated funds wisely, and again, part of the reason for us expanding our news coverage is so that we won't need to resort to asking for donations for future efforts.
All of the volunteers at Operation Rainfall have families, jobs, homes, and their own personal responsibilities to take care of – this is a hobby for us, not a job, so we hope you all understand why it has taken so long for us to get everything taken care of.
Finally, we want to see Pandora's Tower published in America as much as all of you, but you will need to understand that even if we work our asses off to pitch the game, the final decision still rests with Nintendo. Even the third-party publishers will still need Nintendo's approval before the game can be published.
Thank you for understanding.
– Operation Rainfall Staff
About Operation Rainfall The official Administration account of oprainfall.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Tumblr
AnimeShinbun
N4G
Reddit
Like this: Like Loading...
The first thing I can remember buying for myself, aside from candy, of course, was not a toy. It was a book.
It was a religious picture book about Job from the Bible, bought at Kmart.
It was on one of the rare occasions when my mother had enough money to give my brothers and me each a few dollars so that we could buy whatever we wanted.
We all made a beeline for the toy aisle, but that path led through the section of greeting cards and books. As I raced past the children's books, they stopped me. Books to me were things most special. Magical. Ideas eternalized.
Books were the things my brothers brought home from school before I was old enough to attend, the things that engrossed them late into the night as they did their homework. They were the things my mother brought home from their evening classes, which they attended after work, to earn their degree and teaching certificate.
Reilly Smith #18 of the Boston Bruins celebrates their game-winning goal in the third period against the Montreal Canadiens. (Photo by Jared Wickerham/Getty Images)
BOSTON (CBS) – In their first season with the Bruins, forward Reilly Smith scored 20 goals.
But that production wasn't the most impressive part of their second season in the NHL.
More amazing was how they emerged as a reliable two-way player capable of spending the entire season on right wing next to left winger Brad Marchand and Patrice Bergeron. That line goes up against the opponents' top lines every night, and still Smith was plus-28.
Smith's work without the puck was on full display just moments before they flaunted their skills with it in the third period of the Bruins' 5-3 win at TD Garden against the Montreal Canadiens on Saturday in Game 2 of the Eastern Conference second round series.
The series is now tied 1-1 heading to Montreal for Game 3 on Saturday because the Bruins rallied from 3-1 down in the third period. Smith both made sure the Bruins took possession of the puck after tying the game and they scored what proved to be the game-winning goal at 16:28.
Smith's unrelenting hustle on the backcheck forced Montreal forward Brendan Gallagher to turn the puck over on what was supposed to be a 2-on-2 scoring chance for the Canadiens. Back the other way, Bruins defenseman Torey Krug slid a cross-ice pass off Gallagher's stick to Smith, who settled a wobbly puck and then beat goaltender Carey Price with a wrist shot.
“There was a huge momentum swing in that third period as soon as we got that first goal and it kind of just built-up until that moment,” Smith said. “So there were a lot of emotions and a lot of passion going in to that. I was obviously just really happy that it went in to the back of the net because, especially in this series, Price has stood on their head a couple times where we thought we had for sure goals and we have made big saves.”
The blossoming of Smith's all-around game was a stroke of both skill in scouting and the product of Smith's hard work. There's no telling what kind of player the 23-year-old Smith will be five, 10 years down the road. Whether he'll keep producing points and goals is impossible to predict. That he's built the foundation of a solid player worthy of any top six in the NHL is irrefutable. As many Bruins players have proven the past several seasons, strong defense and play away from the puck can turn into enough offense that you don't need to pop in 30 goals and the lineup doesn't require snipers at every turn.
You didn't have to see any of Smith's games to know they were a perfect fit on the Bruins' shutdown forward line. All you have to know is that with the exception of a few games at the start and a few at the end of the season, coach Claude Julien kept Smith in that position. When the season started, Loui Eriksson seemed ticketed for that spot. Eriksson's injuries changed that plan and Smith thrived in the role.
Julien benefited from Smith's maturation and production. But the coach also stuck with Smith when the forward was toiling in a 30-game stretch that saw them score just two goals to close out the regular season.
Now Smith has three goals, including two game-winners, in seven playoff games.
“He plays like a veteran. And he's very calm in this kind of situations,” Julien said. “You don't see them make too many big mistakes because he's a smart hockey player, and some guys have it. It's a knack he's had from the start, and with their experience playing with guys like Bergeron and Marchand, he's just gotten better.”
Smith played 37 games for the Dallas Stars in the lockout shortened season prior to the summer trade that sent them and Eriksson to Boston as part of the package for Tyler Seguin. That with less than a full season's worth of games under their belt Smith was able to not let their scoring slump affect the other areas of the game is a testament to the type of player they are and is reminiscent of Bergeron, who's now a perennial Selke Trophy candidate. Even as a teenager in the NHL, Bergeron built their game off of their defense and let the offense flow. When the offense wasn't there, they were still a difference maker.
That's what Smith longs to be.
“Yeah, I think there is a lot more to my game than just scoring goals. I have learned a lot with playing with [Bergeron]. This year especially, them being such a tremendous two-way forward, you pick up little things,” Smith said. “Probably coming in here a lot of people thought that was the only part of my game and I think playing with [Bergeron] and [Marchand], you know, a lot of leadership and the character has helped my defensive game tremendously this year.”
Smith's emergence as a two-way standout was a key to the success of the Bruins' four-line attack during the regular season and that has continued in the postseason. Their continued improvement will better the Bruins' chances of going deep in this postseason and provide a lot of options in terms of personnel moves beyond this year.
Matt Kalman covers the Bruins for CBSBoston.com and also contributes to NHL.com and several other media outlets. Follow them on Twitter @TheBruinsBlog.
MORE SPORTS FROM CBS BOSTON
By Dr. Mercola
If you're an American, you probably store eggs in the refrigerator – and wouldn't think of doing it any other way. Yet, the US is one of the only countries where chicken eggs are kept refrigerated. In much of Europe, for instance, eggs are often stored right on the counter, at room temperature. But then, US eggs would be illegal in Europe due to an egg-washing process that may actually make them more susceptible to contamination with bacteria like Salmonella.
In the US, Eggs Are Refrigerated to Help Reduce Salmonella Risks
If an egg is infected with salmonella, the bacteria will multiply more quickly if the egg is stored at room temperature instead of in the refrigerator, particularly if they're stored for longer than 21 days.1 This is why, in the US, public health agencies advise keeping your eggs in the fridge. And the truth is, the way most eggs are raised in the US – in industrial concentrated animal feeding operations or CAFOs – the risk of salmonella contamination rises. In CAFOs, egg-laying hens are often crammed into tiny quarters with less space to stand upon than the computer screen you are looking at. Disease is rampant, and the birds ARE filthy — not because of their nature, but because we have removed them from their natural habitat and compromised their innate resistance to disease. Eggs from such large flocks (30,000 birds or more… and some actually house millions of hens) and eggs from caged hens have many times more salmonella bacteria than eggs from smaller flocks, organically fed and free-ranging flocks. They're also more likely to be antibiotic-resistant strains, due to the flock's routine exposure to such drugs. It is because of these disease-promoting practices that the US also employs egg washing – a technique that's actually banned in Europe.
Why Are American Eggs Washed, When Egg Washing Is Banned in Much of Europe?
When you have eggs from tens of thousands of chickens – or more -- all under one roof, there's a good chance they're going to get feces and other contaminants on them. The US solution, rather than reducing the size of the flocks and ensuring better sanitation and access to the outdoors, is to wash the eggs. But this isn't as innocuous as it sounds. As the eggs are scrubbed, rinsed, dried, and spritzed with a chlorine mist, its protective cuticle may be compromised. This is a natural barrier that comes from the mother hen that lays the egg, and it acts as a shield against bacteria. It even contains antimicrobial properties. US egg-washing strips this natural protectant from the egg, which may actually make it more likely to become contaminated. According to European Union (EU) guidelines: "Such damage may favor trans-shell contamination with bacteria and moisture loss and thereby increase the risk to consumers, particularly if subsequent drying and storage conditions are not optimal." Industrial egg washing, by the way, is banned in much of Europe, not only because of potential damage to the eggs' cuticles but also because it might allow for more "sloppy" egg-producing practices. The chief executive of Britain's Egg Industry Council told Forbes:2 "In Europe, the understanding is that [prohibiting the washing and cleaning of eggs] actually encourages good husbandry on farms. It's in the farmers' best interests then to produce the cleanest eggs possible, as no one is going to buy their eggs if they're dirty." In the US, of course, you'd have no way of knowing whether your bright-white grocery-store eggs were covered in filth before they arrived in your kitchen. Plus, about 10 percent of US eggs are treated with mineral or vegetable oil, basically as a way to "replace" the protective cuticle that's just been washed off. Unfortunately, since an eggshell contains approximately 7,500 pores or openings, once the natural cuticle has been removed what's put ON your egg goes INTO your egg. Meaning, whatever the eggshell comes into contact with can cross over this semi-permeable membrane and end up in your scrambled eggs, from chlorine to mineral oil to dish soap -- to salmonella.
Advertisement
The Other Reason Why the EU Recommends Constant Room Temperature Egg Storage
European egg marketing regulations state that storing eggs in cold storage and then leaving them out at room temperature could lead to condensation, which could promote the growth of bacteria on the shell that could probably get into the egg as well. As io9 reported, the EU therefore advises storing eggs at a constant non-refrigerated temperature:3 "EU guidelines therefore stipulate that eggs should be transported and stored at as constant a temperature as possible – a temperature between 66.2 °F and 69.8°F in the winter and between 69.8°F and 73.4°F in the summer." So, despite what you may have heard, eggs that are fresh and have an intact cuticle do not need to be refrigerated, as long as you are going to consume them within a relatively short period of time. In the US, refrigeration of eggs became the cultural norm when mass production caused eggs to travel long distances and sit in storage for weeks to months before arriving at your superstore. The general lack of cleanliness of CAFOs has increased the likelihood that your eggs have come into contact with pathogens, amplifying the need for disinfection and refrigeration. So, IF your eggs are very fresh, and IF their cuticle is intact, you do not have to refrigerate them. According to Hilary Thesmar, director of the American Egg Board's Egg Safety Center:4 "The bottom line is shelf life. The shelf life for an unrefrigerated egg is 7 to 10 days and for refrigerated, it's 30 to 45 days. A good rule of thumb is one day at room temperature is equal to one week under refrigeration." Eggs purchased from grocery stores are typically already three weeks old, or older. USDA-certified eggs must have a pack date on the carton, and a sell-by date. Realize that the eggs were often laid many days prior to the pack date. Most grocery-store eggs in the US should not be left unrefrigerated because they've had their cuticles essentially washed off. If your eggs are fresh from the organic farm, with intact cuticles, and will be consumed within a few days, you can simply leave them on the counter or in a cool cupboard.
Is US Organic Eggs Washed?
Organic flocks are typically much smaller than the massive commercial flocks (typically by an order or two of magnitude) where bacteria flourish, which is part of the reason why eggs from truly organic free-range chickens are FAR less likely to contain dangerous bacteria such as salmonella. Their nutrient content is also much higher than commercially raised eggs, which is most likely the result of the differences in diet between organic free ranging, pastured hens and commercially farmed hens. As far as washing, detergents and other chemicals used for "wet cleaning" organic eggs must either be non-synthetic or among the allowed synthetics on the National List of allowed non-agricultural substances, which can include chlorine, ozone, hydrogen peroxide, vinegar, and others. Some farmers report rinsing eggs very quickly in water, just to dislodge any debris, and believe this is adequate. Others use a dry brushing process -- no liquids at all -- just a brush, sandpaper, or a loofah sponge. Since most organic egg producers are typically interested in producing high-quality eggs, many of them—especially small, local farming operations—have implemented gentle washing methods that don't compromise the cuticle. However, you certainly can't tell by looking at them what type of washing process they may have gone through. The only way to know if your eggs have been washed or oiled (and using what agents) is to ask the producer -- and the only way to do that is to buy from small local farmers you have direct contact with.
Locally Raised Eggs Are Usually Best
The key here is to buy your eggs locally; this is typically even preferable to organic eggs from the grocery store. About the only time I purchase eggs from the store is when I am travelling or for some reason I miss my local egg pickup. Finding high-quality organic eggs locally is getting easier, as virtually every rural area has individuals with chickens. If you live in an urban area, visiting the local health food stores is typically the quickest route to finding the high-quality local egg sources. Farmers markets and food coops are another great way to meet the people who produce your food. With face-to-face contact, you can get your questions answered and know exactly what you're buying. Better yet, visit the farm -- ask for a tour. If they have nothing to hide, they should be eager to show you their operation.
Eggs ARE a Highly Nutritious Food
56% of American adults are now smartphone owners
For the first time since the Pew Research Center's Internet & American Life Project began systematically tracking smartphone adoption, a majority of Americans now own a smartphone of some kind. Our definition of a smartphone owner includes anyone who says “yes” to one—or both—of the following questions:
55% of cell phone owners say that their phone is a smartphone.
58% of cell phone owners say that their phone operates on a smartphone platform common to the U.S. market.
Taken together, 61% of cell owners said yes to at least one of these questions and are classified as smartphone owners. Because 91% of the adult population now owns some kind of cell phone, that means that 56% of all American adults are now smartphone adopters. One third (35%) have some other kind of cell phone that is not a smartphone, and the remaining 9% of Americans do not own a cell phone at all.
Demographic trends in smartphone ownership
As has consistently been the case since we began measuring smartphone adoption two years ago, ownership is particularly high among younger adults, especially those in their twenties and thirties (although a majority of Americans in their mid-forties through mid-fifties are now smartphone adopters) and those with relatively high levels of household income and educational attainment.
Every major demographic group experienced significant year-to-year growth in smartphone ownership between 2012 and 2013, although seniors—defined as those 65 and older—continue to exhibit relatively low adoption levels compared with other demographic groups. Some 18% of Americans age 65 and older now own a smartphone, compared with 13% in February 2012.
Though growth in smartphone ownership has occurred up and down the economic spectrum, adoption still varies significantly by household income. However, that variation is unevenly distributed across different age groups. Younger adults—regardless of income level—are very likely to be smartphone owners. Conversely, for older adults smartphone ownership is more of an “elite” phenomenon: smartphones tend to be quite prevalent at the upper end of the income distribution but much less common among those with lower income levels.
Trends in platform adoption
Since 2011, the proportion of cell owners who say they own either an iPhone or an Android device have each grown dramatically. Android owners now represent 28% of all cell owners (up from 15% in May 2011), while iPhone owners now represent 25% of the cell owner population (up from 10% in May 2011). Meanwhile, the proportion of cell owners who say they own a Blackberry device has fallen from 10% in May 2011 to just 4% in our most recent survey.
Android and iPhone owners are equally common within the cell owner population as a whole, although this ratio differs across various demographic groups. Cell phone owners from a wide range of educational and household income groupings have similar levels of Android adoption, but those from the upper end of the income and education spectrum are much more likely than those with lower income and educational levels to say they own an iPhone. Indeed, fully half—49%—of cell owners with a household income of $150,000 or more say their phone is an iPhone. And African-American cell owners are more likely than whites or Latinos to say that their phone is an Android device as opposed to an iPhone.
