The Superstars of SmackDown LIVE are coming to Dallas this December when WWE TLC: Tables, Ladders & Chairs takes over the American Airlines Center Sunday, Dec. 4.
Tickets for WWE TLC 2016 are available at Ticketmaster.com now!
WWE TLC is home to the legendary Tables, Ladders and Chairs Match, one of the most popular — and dangerous — match types since it was introduced to WWE in 2000. Traditionally, WWE TLC also features other destructive bouts in which Superstars are smashed through tables, leap off ladders and get thwacked with steel chairs.
As the final SmackDown LIVE-only pay-per-view of 2016, WWE's demolition derby promises to close out the year with a bang. Don't miss out when the carnage of Team Blue and WWE TLC arrives in Dallas this December.
Boehner wants a deal, but wants it on their own terms. Boehner: 'I don't like the sequester'
The narrative gripping Washington this week is that House Republicans want the sequester to go into effect.
But there's at least one man in the House Republican Conference who seems to think that's an epically bad idea: Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio).
Story Continued Below
“Let me make clear: I don't like the sequester,” Boehner said at their weekly news conference in the Capitol. “I think it's taking a meat ax to our government, a meat ax to many programs and it will weaken our national defense. That's why I fought to not have the sequester in the first place. But the president didn't want to have to deal with the debt limit again before their reelection.”
( PHOTOS: The best of Hill floor charts)
Boehner, though, is willing to let the sequester take hold if they don't get the cuts and reforms he's seeking.
House GOP leadership points to a bill it passed last Congress that blunted the cuts, which take effect March 1. But Boehner on Wednesday morning said they are “more than willing to work with my Senate colleagues on a plan that would have cuts and reforms that would put us on a path to balance the budget in 10 years.”
Boehner's remarks are the clearest sign yet about the unease with which GOP leadership views the sequester. Boehner wants a deal, but wants it on their own terms.
“We know what the menu of options is: cuts and reforms that we can put in place to put us on a sound fiscal path, help investors and business people in America understand where it is the government is going, being more responsible about our debt and those cuts and reforms ought to be put in place,” they said.
The Laser Weapon System (LaWS) is tested aboard the USS Ponce amphibious transport dock during an operational demonstration while deployed in the Gulf in this November 15, 2014 US Navy handout photo provided December 11, 2014.
The Laser Weapon System (LaWS) is tested aboard the USS Ponce amphibious transport dock during an operational demonstration while deployed in the Gulf in this November 15, 2014 US Navy handout photo provided December 11, 2014. Reuters/John Williams/US Navy
The US Navy's new laser weapon, which has been much talked about in the news recently, is a large piece of innovation that people only used to see in movies. Surprisingly, though, the futuristic firearm makes use of old-fashioned technology, which not many people necessarily know.
The term “laser” originated as an acronym for “light amplification by stimulated emission of radiation.” The initial development of laser weapons, however, wasn't actually meant for defensive purposes, but rather the advancement of the telephone. According to Robert Afzal of Lockheed Martin, the availability of fibre optics and low-cost laser diodes paved the way for the development of laser weapons that are not only powerful, but also compact enough for tactical vehicles.
Lockheed Martin is a US-based global aerospace, defence, security and advanced technologies giant. And although the company's current laser technology isn't the exact same thing that the US Navy displayed a month ago, it uses similar physics and engineering, Afzal told Live Science.
Laser power is typically measured in watts. A seemingly harmless laser pointer, which can be measured in milliwatts, can still damage eyes. The military, though, needs at least tens of kilowatts of laser power.
The US Navy's new big stick that's currently set out on the Austin-class amphibious transport dock USS Ponce – called the Laser Weapon System (LaWS) – is supposedly a 33-kilowatt laser. It can fire consecutive shots that add up to 100 kilowatts. The Navy will reportedly test a 150-kilowatt variant before the year ends.
According to Afzal, the LaWS doesn't work like the “Star Wars” planet killer Death Star, which combines separate beams before firing. The US Navy weapon instead makes use of fibre optics to create beams that are eventually combined via a prism-like structure of lenses, just like the cover of Pink Floyd's best-selling album “Dark Side of the Moon.”
Handling laser weapons, however, isn't easy as pie. Ships that use laser weapons need to have power plants strong enough to get the job done. And there's certainly no question that the USS Ponce can take the power load.
One of the biggest advantages of using laser, of course, is its speed. It can hit the target in a snap and without much ado. What's more, it's pretty economical, since a laser weapon never needs additional ammunition. The same thing can't be said about missile or rocket launchers.
A couple of things can somewhat alter the efficacy of a laser weapon, nonetheless. Weather elements such as fog can reduce a laser's range since beams are essentially made of light. Heat also depreciates beam quality overtime.
MORE TECH NEWS:
WATCH: iPhone 7s Plus vs iPhone 8 prototypes comparison
LG officially confirms V30 will include world's largest and clearest smartphone lens
What's arguably been the biggest lobbying brawl so far this year came to a head today in the Senate when lawmakers voted against delaying a controversial element of the Dodd-Frank financial reform legislation. The vote clears the way for the Federal Reserve to set rules that would limit banks' revenue from debit card fees and cut costs for retailers—potentially lowering prices for consumers in the checkout line.
For months, the nation's biggest banks and retailers have been fighting fiercely over the Federal Reserve's proposal to cap debit card fees—specifically, the fees that retailers have to pay to bank each time a transaction is made using a debit card. (Here's our guide on the issue.) Today's vote—a win for the merchants—defeated a major effort by the banks to delay the cap, which is now scheduled to take effect mid-July.
Banks had pushed hard to roll back the cap and thus avoid a big loss in revenue. They advertised in D.C. subways, started a website aimed at debit card users, and even launched a rather confusing Twitter campaign, as we've reported. They scored a small victory when Sen. Jon Tester, a Montana Democrat, introduced legislation to delay the rules, and they showered them with thousands of dollars in campaign donations. Huffington Post reports that from January to April, the banks and others opposed to the fee cap spent about $2.5 million fighting to kill or delay it.
Today's vote on Tester's amendment was what some saw as the ultimate test of the influence of Wall Street. “If banks win, it will not just be the traditional story of the banks' routing the consumer groups,” wrote Georgetown University law professor Adam Levitin on their blog, Credit Slips. “If the banks win, it will show that the financial services sector is more powerful than the largest retailers in the US.”
Major retail groups fought against the delay just as hard as the banks fought for it. The more vocal groups advertised and sent merchants to D.C. to make their case, though others were supportive but mostly silent.
We've written quite a bit on the Fed's rules and what they would mean. Now that the bid to delay them has failed, here's an overview of the issue and what will happen when the proposal takes effect next month:
According to the Federal Reserve, debit card interchange fee rates have been rising along with the popularity of debit cards generally, meaning merchants have been handing over larger sums to the banks that issue debit cards.
The Fed has proposed capping the fees at 12 cents per transaction. Banks currently get about 1 to 2 percent of each debit transaction, which averages out to about 44 cents. The plan will bring U.S. debit fee rates closer to the rates of other countries, including Australia and the EU.
The rules only apply to banks with more than $10 billion in assets. Despite that, credit unions and smaller banks lobbied fiercely alongside the big banks.
Some merchants have promised that if the Fed rules go through, they'll pass along the savings to consumers. The law doesn't require them to do so—it leaves it to consumer price sensitivity and competition between merchants to make that happen. Whether it will, of course, isn't clear.
The fee battle isn't the only part of the debit card regulations—it's just the part that's gotten the most attention. As we've noted, another part of the Fed's rules is expected by many to increase competition in a market dominated by Visa, and that increased competition could also bring debit card fees down.
If you're interested in reading more, here's our backgrounder on debit card fees and our guide to cutting through the spin.
The National Secular Society is delighted to announce that Turkish opposition MP Safak Pavey and the writer Douglas Murray will be joining the Society to speak at its anniversary conference to be held in London on 3 September.
The conference, 'Secularism 2016: Living better together', will explore the role of secularism in the modern world and its importance in creating a fairer, more just and harmonious society for all.
Safak Pavey and Douglas Murray will be joining panel discussions about human rights, secularism and Islam, joining a host of other personalities lined up for the conference to mark 150 years of the NSS.
Other speakers include Maajid Nawaz, the co-founder and chair of the counter-extremism think tank Quilliam, Tehmina Kazi of British Muslims for Secular Democracy, Paul Rowe of Educate Together, historian Deborah Lavin and keynote speaker Jacques Berlinerblau – author of How to be secular: a call to arms for religious freedom.
Safak Pavey is a leading opposition MP who represents Istanbul Province for the Republican People's Party in the Turkish Parliament. In 2012 Pavey was honoured by the US Department of State with the International Women of Courage Award. In 2014 they were awarded the National Secular Society's "Secularist of the Year" prize for their work promoting human rights and defending secularism in Turkey and they are an honorary associate of the NSS.
During their acceptance speech for the award they said that secularism was the "closest we have ever gotten" to reconciling differences of religion and belief, and that "in the Middle East, we need secularism more than anywhere else."
Stephen Evans, NSS campaigns director, said: "Safak will offer a fascinating perspective on the increasingly alarming events in Turkey, as President Erdoğan tries to solidify their grip on and Islamise the Turkish state – in defiance of its long tradition of secularism.
"We are delighted to offer this opportunity for Safak's important voice to be heard – it's an opportunity certainly not to be missed."
Douglas Murray is Associate Director of the Henry Jackson Society and a regular guest on current affairs programmes, including Question Time and The Daily Politics. Since 2012 they have been a contributing editor of The Spectator.
After a German comedian was prosecuted for a satirical poem, Murray introduced a "President Erdoğan Offensive Poetry Competition" in the Spectator to defend freedom of speech.
Mr Evans said: "Douglas Murray offers clear thinking on important issues such as free speech, multiculturalism and Islamism.
"We're offering a conference with a diverse range of views and perspectives on secularism and the challenges that confront our movement today, Douglas will offer their unique insight and we're very much looking forward to hearing them and our other panellists' contributions."
The conference take place in central London on Saturday 3 September. Tickets are available now and can be booked online here.
CTV Montreal
The Quebec Human Rights and Youth Rights Commission has asked the City of Montreal and two police officers to pay a former Concordia student $45,000 damages after they alleged they were illegally arrested and detained.
Amal Asmar said they were walking on Ste. Catherine St. after studying at the Concordia library late one night in 2010 when they sat down on a bench near Atwater while wearing a headscarf.
They said a police car pulled up in front of them and two officers began questioning them aggressively. They were then arrested and given more than $1,000 in fines, one of which was for using city property other than its intended use.
Amal sought help from the Centre for Research Action on Race Relations to file a complaint. After seven years, the city and police withdrew the fines, but the commission stated that Asmar was racially and socially profiled, awarding them the moral and punitive damages.
CRARR director Fo Niemi said the decision was precedent-setting since both social and racial profiling was acknowledged.
“She was sitting in the park… in an area where there's known to be a lot of homeless or street people that look Inuit or Aboriginal,” they said. “The way they looked at the time, long frizzy hair, with a scarf, past midnight, they looked like the profile of a homeless woman.”
The city and police were given until last Friday to pay but failed to do so. Niemi said the case will now go to the Human Rights Tribunal and could take another six months to resolve.
Baldwinsville, N.Y. -- Rio the dog loved their people, Pam and Pat Netti. They were never far from them.
Thursday night, they curled up in their dog bed at the foot of their bed, just like always. Friday morning, they woke to them stirring, pulling at them and barking, said Patty Giarrusso, a longtime friend of the Netti family. The family's home on Eden Lane in Baldwinsville was on fire. Rio, a Dalmatian, was trying to get them out.
Pat Netti opened the bedroom door and the smoke poured in. Pam Netti went to the front bedroom window and screamed for help. A neighbor, who happened to be a volunteer firefighter, brought over a ladder.
Pam and Pat looked for Rio and called their name, but the dog seemed to be nowhere, Giarrusso said. The smoke was thick and getting thicker. The couple had no choice. They stepped onto the porch roof with nothing but their pajamas on. Pam was barefoot.
Firefighters later found Rio dead on the bedroom floor. The family is heartbroken, Giarrusso said.
Rio was 13. They came to the family when they were three months old, Giarrusso said. The Netti's son, Christoper, rescued the puppy from an abusive home. The Nettis' two sons grew up, moved away, and had families of their own. But Rio stayed.
They loved to chase squirrels and tennis balls, Giarrusso said. And when Rio was happy, which was often, it was hard not to notice. They whipped their tail around in full circles, like a propeller.
Rio would jump straight in the air to greet kids and neighbors over the backyard fence. All the neighborhood kids called them "Rio the fire dog," Giarrusso said.
Like all dogs, Rio was prone to a bit of mischief and thievery, Giarrusso said. They recalled a time when they were visiting their friends. Pam Netti had put out a plate of cheese and pepperoni in the kitchen. They had some wine, then went into the kitchen to get the plate. Rio had stolen all of the pepperoni. But they left their people the cheese.
Giarrusso said Pam and Pat Netti didn't hear the smoke detectors Friday morning; they're not sure why they didn't go off. A few days before, the house was full with the couple's children and grandchildren, who were visiting for the holidays.
Pat Netti changed the smoke detector batteries in advance of the visit, Giarrusso said.
Though Rio was a large dog, they were gentle and careful with the couple's grandchildren: a five-year-old and a newborn.
No one knows where Rio was when the couple was calling for him. It's possible they went to check the rest of the house to make sure the boys they grew up with and their kids weren't still there. Or it's possible they tried to leave the house by going downstairs.
One thing is certain, Giarrusso said. Rio the fire dog saved Pam and Pat Netti, just as they had saved them nearly a dog lifetime ago.
"They would have died," they said.
Rio the fire dog loved their tennis balls and squirrels. But they loved their people most of all.
Contact Marnie Eisenstadt anytime: email | twitter | 315-470-2246
Nearly everyone, including most members of Congress and certainly most librarians, can agree that an individual's electronic records—everything from old emails, texts, and tweets to Facebook messages, search queries, and files stored in the cloud—should be no less protected from unwarranted search and seizure than if they existed in printed form.
That's not what the applicable federal law—the long-outdated 1986 Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA)—says, however. Rather, once your electronic records are more than six months old, the authorities don't actually have to get a judge-issued search warrant to compel your phone company or internet service provider, for example, to hand them over.
The American Library Association (ALA) and privacy-minded coalition partners from across the political spectrum have been lobbying hard for years to change that, backing bills such as the Email Privacy Act (H.R. 699) in the current Congress, which would grant full Fourth Amendment protection to all online communications as soon as they're created.
Despite a growing number of lawmakers (including more than 70% of all House members) calling for reform, H.R. 699 has only just been scheduled for consideration next month by the House Judiciary Committee—and there's reason to believe that opponents will try hard to weaken it.
Faced with Washington's increasing congressional gridlock, made even worse by the upcoming 2016 elections, what are privacy advocates to do? Taking control of the issue at the state level may well be the answer. #TakeCTRL is a new nationwide privacy campaign spearheaded by the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU). ACLU has coordinated the introduction of ECPA and other privacy reform bills in 16 states and the District of Columbia with the goal of upgrading personal, student, and employee data privacy protections across the country.
CalECPA, which was signed in to California law late last year, provides an example of what's possible nationwide. ACLU seeks to replicate that success with state ECPA bills in Minnesota, New Mexico, New York, and Virginia, and by passing several other kinds of pro-privacy legislation proposed in other states.
#TakeCTRL helps privacy advocates stay informed regarding laws and practices that affect user groups and mobilizes support for updated privacy protections across the country.
With a vote now pending in the House Judiciary Committee, we haven't given up on getting federal ECPA reform passed this year. Subscribe to District Dispatch for the latest on ALA's privacy advocacy efforts in Congress and how you can further them as well.
by Wayne Friedman , November 5, 2014
In response to unusual caustic remarks from Dish Network's Charlie Ergen yesterday, Turner Broadcasting says it is unclear what this dispute is about.
A couple of weeks ago, Dish Network took off some Turner networks -- including CNN, Adult Swim and Cartoon Network -- over a carriage deal dispute.
“While there were clearly deal points to get done, they were not the type you would usually go dark over,” says a Turner Broadcasting pre-release. “So it is still unclear to us exactly what this dispute is about. We've been told our networks were taken down because we would not move an expiration date later in the year.”
On Tuesday, Charlie Ergen, chairperson of Dish Network, during an earnings phone call offered up some eye-opening criticism of some Turner networks -- that TNT and TBS programming isn't as good as programs on AMC. They also said that CNN's new programming has half the audience it formerly had, adding that the perhaps the cable news model doesn't work any more. Ergen also said that Cartoon Network isn't all that special, and that you can find kids programming on many subscription video-on-demand services
advertisement advertisement
And then Ergen offered up this: "When we take something down, we're prepared to take it down forever." They added: "We would prefer to get a deal done. We have a time frame we look at, but if we don't have a deal, we might make a long-term decision to go another direction."
Turner also said: "We are disappointed in the aggressive nature of the comments from Dish Network, particularly given the fact that Dish agreed to our rates and carriage proposals weeks ago."
Turner added: "Other top five distributors have signed up for what Dish has walked away from."
To experience a charismatic performance is to feel elevated, simultaneously dazed and focused, galvanized and enlarged. It is to surrender to something raw and elemental, to feel happy but also unsatisfied. Charisma calls forth a melancholy, a vaguely unrequited feeling. I've caught myself, after certain performances of an aria or a movement, leaning forward, as if drawn against my will.
Charisma requires that you acknowledge a new, larger set of possibilities. It is demanding. We are told of Callas's overwhelming use of their body and voice onstage. As Schonberg added, of that 1965 “Tosca,” “the stage presence shown by Callas in their performance would have raised the hackles on a deaf man.”
It is a pure, mystifying gift. It cannot be taught, though silly how-to blog posts proliferate (“Eight Keys to Instant Charisma”). Someone who has it will exude it, whether performing “Mary Had a Little Lamb” or Scarlatti, Mimi or Marguerite. Charisma is not earned with age; an artist is charismatic at 16 or 60. Rigorous training enhances and focuses it, but it cannot create it. The young tenor Vittorio Grigolo, who made their Met debut last year in Puccini's “Bohème,” is still getting used to being and singing onstage, but their charisma is unmistakable.
Photo
There are people who try to manufacture charisma by overacting or choosing music that goes very fast or very high, people who attempt to fascinate with technique; but someone who is truly charismatic is riveting from the start.
We now have a culture, particularly in classical music and opera , in which the technical ability of artists is far more impressive than ever before. (Anthony Tommasini, concentrating on pianists, wrote eloquently to this point in The Times a week ago.)
But charisma is not virtuosity or intelligence or perceptive programming. Christian Tetzlaff is a searchingly creative, technically flawless violinist, but they aren't charismatic. Joshua Bell , less innovative if just as virtuosic, is. Mr. Grigolo is; Piotr Beczala, a far more elegant and accomplished tenor, isn't. It is one of the frustrating aspects of following culture that the artists we wish were charismatic aren't always the ones who are.
While charisma would seem to be a subjective judgment, there is remarkable unanimity to our recognition of it. We know it when we see it. People don't argue about it as much as they argue about other artistic judgments; they tend to agree. Reviewing a recital featuring the countertenor David Daniels in The Times in April I wrote that “his charisma and softly velvet tone were no surprise”; two weeks ago Mr. Tommasini reported from Santa Fe , N.M., that Mr. Daniels, appearing in Vivaldi's “Griselda,” sang “with the expected virtuosity and charisma.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A performer who has it can turn it neither on nor off, but it often crystallizes in certain moments. At the end of the first act of Janacek's “Makropulos Case,” Emilia Marty, a great diva, is preparing to leave a lawyer's office. Playing Marty at the Met in 1998, Catherine Malfitano put on their coat and elbow-length gloves and sunglasses with excruciating deliberation before gliding out precisely as the music ended, a mesmerizing opera in miniature.
Photo
Last fall the soprano Marina Poplavskaya took the leading roles in two new Verdi productions at the Met: Elisabetta in “Don Carlo” and Violetta in “La Traviata.” Ms. Poplavskaya's voice is more interesting than beautiful; it can be thin and acidulous, and their breathing is a mess. But they have charisma.
In “Don Carlo,” when Elisabetta learns that their lady in waiting has betrayed her, they demand the return of a small cross. Ms. Poplavskaya held out their hand for the piece, and more than the focus of their eyes, the tension in their arm or the positioning of their fingers, their presence made the moment newly shattering.
In the second act of “Traviata,” after Violetta has agreed to give up their lover, Ms. Poplavskaya came to the lip of the stage and sang “Dite alla giovine” with exquisite fragility, appearing suddenly waiflike. Another singer might have mimicked their posture in either opera, might have sung more brilliantly, but it was their charisma that rendered both passages unforgettable.
It's no coincidence that these moments depend on physical presence. Charisma operates most strongly on a visual level; it's telling that when we need another way of describing someone's possession of it, we say, “You can't take your eyes off her.” Audio recordings can be modified to create an illusion of command. Film, showing the power itself, never lies.
Charisma would seem to be a fragile quality, but it reproduces with ease. Watch Renata Scotto in “Lucia di Lammermoor” in a 1967 performance in Japan: they are plump and cuter than they are striking, but their Lucia is magnetic. Even watching the DVD you find yourself holding your breath, gasping when they suddenly drop their knife in the mad scene.
Photo
Fully to capture what we mean by charisma we now rely on the language of physical forces — magnetism, electricity — but for the Greeks it was, simply, favor. Charis, whose name meant beauty and kindness, was an attendant to Aphrodite, the goddess of love.
The word appears throughout the New Testament, most often translated as “grace.” In Christian theology gifts from God are called “charismata.” These gifts can be as varied as knowledge, healing, miracles or prophecy and as grand as redemption itself. Charismata came to refer especially to the graces given to individuals specifically for the good of others: the gift that keeps on giving.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
It wasn't until the 20th century that the word acquired its modern secular meaning, when the influential sociologist Max Weber borrowed it to describe a key quality of leadership.
“Charisma,” they wrote, “is a certain quality of an individual personality by virtue of which they are set apart from ordinary men and treated as endowed with supernatural, superhuman or specifically exceptional powers. These qualities are not accessible to the ordinary person, but are regarded as of divine origin or as exemplary, and on the basis of them the individual concerned is treated as a leader.”
But how is a performer a leader? Other writers have built on Weber's work in the social sciences, but much less attention has been paid to charisma in culture. The problem is that when it comes to the arts, the uses of charisma become harder to pin down. When Bill Clinton is charismatic, you vote for him. When an obscure carpenter's son in ancient Galilee is charismatic, you join their ministry. But when the violinist Anne-Sophie Mutter is charismatic, or Callas or Mr. Amidon, what are you supposed to do? What happens? Is our applause enough?
Photo
To some, charisma has lost its power as descriptive. It connotes flash, smoke and mirrors. (You could slightly change my sentence about Mr. Tetzlaff to turn it into praise: “He may not be charismatic, but they are a searchingly creative, technically flawless violinist.”) Even when used as a compliment, “charismatic” is often taken for granted. Just look at Mr. Tommasini's and my takes on Mr. Daniels: their charisma is “no surprise” and “expected.” Charisma is a given, we imply, so let's move on to the real stuff.
Let's assume for a moment that charisma is the real stuff, less a means than an end in itself. What we generally consider the “content” of the arts — the notes, the libretto, the bowings, the plot — is actually just the structure that makes possible the crucial thing: watching a performer who is able to connect with fundamental realities. It is not that a singer's charisma makes a colorful aria sound even better but that the aria provides a platform, a vessel, for us to experience the charisma.
If charisma were recognized as the central experience of performance, then that experience would take on a ritualistic aspect. Art as we know it, centered on rigorously conceived structures and intricately deployed catharses, would become more inchoate, less an appeal to our intelligence or taste than to instincts that we barely acknowledge.
Charisma is the essential quality of our moment because it fits so well in a culture in which the connoisseurship of artistic technique — whether singing or instrumental playing or conducting — has declined, but institutions are still seeking new audiences for these complex, demanding art forms. It is a quality that requires no knowledge or preparation. Even if you know little about the technicalities of music, when you attend a performance by the pianist Evgeny Kissin , you are swept up by their power and presence.
The question is whether people want to be swept up. Charisma can be exhilarating but also frightening. Our surrender to it demands a trust that is not easily conceded. If our desire from performance is only for comfort and reassurance, charisma will repel us. It is about revealing scope, and it raises the stakes dangerously high.
Recently I was in the Met Opera Shop, and a video clip came on the screen above the CD racks. The longtime Met soprano Aprile Millo was singing “La mamma morta,” the ecstatic aria from Giordano's “Andrea Chenier,” with burning intensity. The sales clerk and I both watched raptly. Later I e-mailed Ms. Millo to ask them what charisma is.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
“Hemingway gave us a haunting clue to it,” they replied. “In their obsession with the Spanish bullfights, they spoke of the lust of the crowd and its desire to feel something special, a raw authenticity, even in so brutal a setting. What they mention is the hush that would come over the crowd at the entrance of the toreadors. The people could sense the difference between those who did it for the fame, the paycheck, and those who had the old spirit: the nobility, bravery, heart, ‘duende.' I believe this also happens in the theater. The crowd can sense the one with the authentic message, the connection to the truth.”
One of 2012's most anticipated comics, Happy! #1, combines the writing of Grant Morrison with the art of Darick Robertson to bring us a modern Christmas story in a way that only Morrison and Robertson could dream up. Meet Nick Sax, a down on their luck ex-cop who, after a hit goes wrong, finds out their fate is tied in with a flying blue horse named Happy! If that isn't enough to get you on board, than I don't know what you'd need. We chat with Grant Morrison about the origins of Happy! and what their thoughts on creator owned work and Christmas movies.
Subscribe
Get Involved
Doing the podcast is fun and all, but let's be honest, listening to the 3 of us talk to each other can get repetitive, so we look to you, the iFanboy listeners to participate in the podcast! "How can I get in on the fun?" you may ask yourself, well here's how:
E-Mail us at contact@ifanboy.com with any questions, comments or anything that may be on your mind.
Please don't forget to leave your name and where you're writing from and each week, we'll pick the best e-mails to include on the podcast!
Americans have never really understood ideological warfare. Our gut-level assumption is that everybody in the world really wants the same comfortable material success we have. We use “extremist” as a negative epithet. Even the few fanatics and revolutionary idealists we have, whatever their political flavor, expect everybody else to behave like a bourgeois.
We don't expect ideas to matter — or, when they do, we expect them to matter only because people have been flipped into a vulnerable mode by repression or poverty. Thus all our divagation about the “root causes” of Islamic terrorism, as if the terrorists' very clear and very ideological account of their own theory and motivations is somehow not to be believed.
By contrast, ideological and memetic warfare has been a favored tactic for all of America's three great adversaries of the last hundred years — Nazis, Communists, and Islamists. All three put substantial effort into cultivating American proxies to influence U.S. domestic policy and foreign policy in favorable directions. Yes, the Nazis did this, through organizations like the “German-American Bund” that was outlawed when World War II went hot. Today, the Islamists are having some success at manipulating our politics through fairly transparent front organizations like the Council on American-Islamic Relations.
But it was the Soviet Union, in its day, that was the master of this game. They made dezinformatsiya (disinformation) a central weapon of their war against “the main adversary”, the U.S. They conducted memetic subversion against the U.S. on many levels at a scale that is only now becoming clear as historians burrow through their archives and ex-KGB officers sell their memoirs.
The Soviets had an entire “active measures” department devoted to churning out anti-American dezinformatsiya. A classic example is the rumor that AIDS was the result of research aimed at building a ‘race bomb' that would selectively kill black people.
On a different level, in the 1930s members of CPUSA (the Communist Party of the USA) got instructions from Moscow to promote non-representational art so that the US's public spaces would become arid and ugly.
Americans hearing that last one tend to laugh. But the Soviets, following the lead of Marxist theoreticians like Antonio Gramsci, took very seriously the idea that by blighting the U.S.'s intellectual and esthetic life, they could sap Americans' will to resist Communist ideology and an eventual Communist takeover. The explicit goal was to erode the confidence of America's ruling class and create an ideological vacuum to be filled by Marxism-Leninism.
Accordingly, the Soviet espionage apparat actually ran two different kinds of network: one of spies, and one of agents of influence. The agents of influence had the minor function of recruiting spies (as, for example, when Kim Philby was brought in by one of their tutors at Cambridge), but their major function was to spread dezinformatsiya, to launch memetic weapons that would damage and weaken the West.
In a previous post on Suicidalism, I identified some of the most important of the Soviet Union's memetic weapons. Here is that list again:
There is no truth, only competing agendas.
All Western (and especially American) claims to moral superiority over Communism/Fascism/Islam are vitiated by the West's history of racism and colonialism.
There are no objective standards by which we may judge one culture to be better than another. Anyone who claims that there are such standards is an evil oppressor.
The prosperity of the West is built on ruthless exploitation of the Third World; therefore Westerners actually deserve to be impoverished and miserable.
Crime is the fault of society, not the individual criminal. Poor criminals are entitled to what they take. Submitting to criminal predation is more virtuous than resisting it.
The poor are victims. Criminals are victims. And only victims are virtuous. Therefore only the poor and criminals are virtuous. (Rich people can borrow some virtue by identifying with poor people and criminals.)
For a virtuous person, violence and war are never justified. It is always better to be a victim than to fight, or even to defend oneself. But ‘oppressed' people are allowed to use violence anyway; they are merely reflecting the evil of their oppressors.
When confronted with terror, the only moral course for a Westerner is to apologize for past sins, understand the terrorist's point of view, and make concessions.
As I previously observed, if you trace any of these back far enough, you'll find a Stalinist intellectual at the bottom. (The last two items on the list, for example, came to us courtesy of Frantz Fanon. The fourth item is the Baran-Wallerstein “world system” thesis.) Most were staples of Soviet propaganda at the same time they were being promoted by “progressives” (read: Marxists and the dupes of Marxists) within the Western intelligentsia.
The Soviets consciously followed the Gramscian prescription; they pursued a war of position, subverting the “leading elements” of society through their agents of influence. (See, for example, Stephen Koch's Double Lives: Stalin, Willi Munzenberg and the Seduction of the Intellectuals ; summary by Koch here) This worked exactly as expected; their memes seeped into Western popular culture and are repeated endlessly in (for example) the products of Hollywood.
Indeed, the index of Soviet success is that most of us no longer think of these memes as Communist propaganda. It takes a significant amount of digging and rethinking and remembering, even for a lifelong anti-Communist like myself, to realize that there was a time (within the lifetime of my parents) when all of these ideas would have seemed alien, absurd, and repulsive to most people — at best, the beliefs of a nutty left-wing fringe, and at worst instruments of deliberate subversion intended to destroy the American way of life.
Koch shows us that the worst-case scenario was, as it turns out now, the correct one; these ideas, like the “race bomb” rumor, really were instruments deliberately designed to destroy the American way of life. Another index of their success is that most members of the bicoastal elite can no longer speak of “the American way of life” without deprecation, irony, or an automatic and half-conscious genuflection towards the altar of political correctness. In this and other ways, the corrosive effects of Stalin's meme war have come to utterly pervade our culture.
The most paranoid and xenophobic conservatives of the Cold War were, painful though this is to admit, the closest to the truth in estimating the magnitude and subtlety of Soviet subversion. Liberal anticommunists (like myself in the 1970s) thought we were being judicious and fair-minded when we dismissed half of the Right's complaint as crude blather. We were wrong; the Rosenbergs and Alger Hiss really were guilty, the Hollywood Ten really were Stalinist tools, and all of Joseph McCarthy's rants about “Communists in the State Department” were essentially true. The Venona transcripts and other new material leave no room for reasonable doubt on this score.
While the espionage apparatus of the Soviet Union didn't outlast it, their memetic weapons did. These memes are now coming near to crippling our culture's response to Islamic terrorism.
In this context, Jeff Goldstein has written eloquently about perhaps the most long-term dangerous of these memes — the idea that rights inhere not in sovereign individuals but identity groups, and that every identity group (except the “ruling class”) has the right to suppress criticism of itself through political means up to and including violence.
Mark Brittingham (aka WildMonk) has written an excellent essay on the roots of this doctrine in Rousseau and the post-Enlightenment Romantics. It has elsewhere been analyzed and labeled as transnational progressivism. The Soviets didn't invent it, but they promoted it heavily in a deliberate — and appallingly successful — attempt to weaken the Lockean, individualist tradition that underlies classical liberalism and the U.S. Constitution. The reduction of Western politics to a bitter war for government favor between ascriptive identity groups is exactly the outcome the Soviets wanted and worked hard to arrange.
Call it what you will — various other commentators have favored ‘volk-Marxism' or ‘postmodern leftism'. I've called it suicidalism. It was designed to paralyze the West against one enemy, but it's now being used against us by another. It is no accident that Osama bin Laden so often sounds like he's reading from back issues of Z magazine, and no accident that both constantly echo the hoariest old cliches of Soviet propaganda in the 1930s and '40s.
Another consequence of Stalin's meme war is that today's left-wing antiwar demonstrators wear kaffiyehs without any sense of how grotesque it is for ostensible Marxists to cuddle up to religious absolutists who want to restore the power relations of the 7th century CE. In Stalin's hands, even Marxism itself was hollowed out to serve as a memetic weapon — it became increasingly nihilist, hatred-focused and destructive. The postmodern left is now defined not by what it's for but by what it's against: classical-liberal individualism, free markets, dead white males, America, and the idea of objective reality itself.
The first step to recovery is understanding the problem. Knowing that suicidalist memes were launched at us as war weapons by the espionage apparatus of the most evil despotism in human history is in itself liberating. Liberating, too, it is to realize that the Noam Chomskys and Michael Moores and Robert Fisks of the world (and their thousands of lesser imitators in faculty lounges everywhere) are not brave transgressive forward-thinkers but pathetic memebots running the program of a dead tyrant.
Brittingham and other have worried that postmodern leftism may yet win. If so, the victory would be short-lived. One of the clearest lessons of recent times (exemplified not just by kaffiyeh-wearing western leftists but by Hamas's recent clobbering of al-Fatah in the first Palestinian elections) is that po-mo leftism is weaker than liberal individualism in one important respect; it has only the weakest defenses against absolutist fervor. Brittingham tellingly notes po-mo philosopher Richard Rorty's realization that when the babble of conflicting tribal narratives collapses in exhaustion, the only thing left is the will to power.
Again, this is by design. Lenin and Stalin wanted classical-liberal individualism replaced with something less able to resist totalitarianism, not more. Volk-Marxist fantasy and postmodern nihilism served their purposes; the emergence of an adhesive counter-ideology would not have. Thus, the Chomskys and Moores and Fisks are running a program carefully designed to dead-end at nothing.
Religions are good at filling that kind of nothing. Accordingly, if transnational progressivism actually succeeds in smothering liberal individualism, its reward will be to be put to the sword by some flavor of jihadi. Whether the eventual winners are Muslims or Mormons, the future is not going to look like the fuzzy multicultural ecotopia of modern left fantasy. The death of that dream is being written in European banlieus by angry Muslim youths under the light of burning cars.
In the banlieus and elsewhere, Islamist pressure makes it certain that sooner or later the West is going to vomit Stalin's memes out of its body politic. The worst way would be through a reflex development of Western absolutism — Christian chauvinism, nativism and militarism melding into something like Francoite fascism. The self-panicking leftists who think they see that in today's Republicans are comically wrong (as witnessed by the fact that they aren't being systematically jailed and executed), but it is quite a plausible future for the demographically-collapsing nations of Europe.
The U.S., fortunately, is still on a demographic expansion wave and will be till at least 2050. But if the Islamists achieve their dream of nuking “crusader” cities, they'll make crusaders out of the U.S., too. And this time, a West with a chauvinized America at its head would smite the Saracen with weapons that would destroy entire populations and fuse Mecca into glass. The horror of our victory would echo for a thousand years.
I remain more optimistic than this. I think there is still an excellent chance that the West can recover from suicidalism without going through a fevered fascist episode and waging a genocidal war. But to do so, we have to do more than recognize Stalin's memes; we have to reject them. We have to eject postmodern leftism from our universities, transnational progressivism from our politics, and volk-Marxism from our media.
The process won't be pretty. But I fear that if the rest of us don't hound the po-mo Left and its useful idiots out of public life with attack and ridicule and shunning, the hard Right will sooner or later get the power to do it by means that include a lot of killing. I don't want to live in that future, and I don't think any of my readers do, either. If we want to save a liberal, tolerant civilization for our children, we'd better get to work.
UPDATE: My original link to Protein Wisdom went stale. I'm not certain the new one is the same essay, but it is on many of the same ideas.
Turkish military called on all troop commanders stationed along its border with Syria to be present at a meeting aimed at discussing a possible intervention in the crisis-hit country.
The meeting was called by Land Forces Commander General Hulusi Akar and 2nd Army Commander General Adem Huduti following a last week visit to the border region, the Turkish newspaper Hürriyet Daily reported on Sunday.
The meeting is set to take place in the capital city Ankara next week.
The deployment of some 400 armored vehicles and Turkish air force support for such an operation will be on top of agenda at the meeting.
Over the past week, Turkey has bolstered its military presence on its border regions with Syria with tanks, anti-aircraft missiles, and by increasing the number of ground troops to around 54,000 soldiers.
/149
Photo: MItch Gerads/DC Entertainment
As an Iraq War veteran, I'm kind of demanding when it comes to war stories. Movies like American Sniper, which was based on the best-selling memoirs of the late SEAL sniper Chris Kyle, might be interesting as psychological portraits of individual — and elite — troops, but audiences don't really learn anything about the broader war in Iraq. Or it might be more accurate to say that the perspectives of most war stories are so skewed in the direction of the American experience that they seem crippled by myopia — self-referential and self-reverential all at once.
Zero Dark Thirty, while thrilling if not entirely accurate, gave audiences something like a bird's-eye view of the American intelligence community's hunt for Osama bin Laden. And one of the better books to come out of the war, Ben Fountain's Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk, which was recently adapted into film by Ang Lee, perfectly captures the alienation veterans feel when they return home from combat to a society that doesn't quite understand their experiences. These aren't bad movies or crappy books, mind you, they just feel incomplete — like a close-up detail of a much larger picture. The truly bad war movies are so riddled with technical inaccuracies that anyone in the know is too distracted to make higher-order criticisms.
What I've been looking for since I left the Army six or so years ago is a story about the war that provides both granular accuracy and a bird's-eye perspective normally unavailable to me, an American who is confined in many ways to an American perspective, even (especially?) as a soldier. Iraq is, after all, more than just the name of a region where American military ambitions are exercised and foiled. Iraqi people were part of the war, too, and just as American history doesn't begin with 9/11, the contemporary history of Iraq doesn't begin as a blank slate with the American invasion. I always desired a story that would acknowledge and defy these artificial parameters in order to convey the complexity of the American invasion of Iraq. In essence, I was searching for an Iraq War version of War and Peace. I did not expect to find it in a comic book.
Sheriff of Babylon, written by Tom King, illustrated and colored by Mitch Gerads, and published in July by DC imprint Vertigo, is, in my opinion, the most comprehensive war fiction of our generation. It's a political story. It's an unmasking of violence. It's a noir mystery. It's a complex rendering of an entire ecosystem of squalor, hope, and delusion. It's also accessible and, almost as a bonus, very cool. If you put a John le Carré novel, season five of The Wire, and Rajiv Chandrasekaran's masterly nonfiction expose Imperial Life in the Emerald City into a blender, what would come out would resemble Sheriff of Babylon.
Excerpt from Sheriff of Babylon. Photo: MItch Gerads/DC Entertainment
This praise won't come as a surprise to anyone who's plugged into the comics scene. King's work on previous series like The Omega Men and Grayson has been widely celebrated, and Vulture's Abraham Riesman wrote of King's Marvel title The Vision: “It's one of the most acclaimed titles in the industry — and with good reason.” King's narrative bona fides are well-established, but it takes more than a top-notch storyteller to craft a competent war narrative. Usually, it takes firsthand experience or loads of meticulous research. King brings both to the table: Back in the earlier days of the American occupation, King worked for the CIA, which included time actually in Iraq.
“I worked the Iraq issue from the States, from abroad, and from Baghdad itself,” King told me during a phone interview. “I don't have simple thoughts about it. I don't think, ‘Oh, it was a good thing' or ‘Oh, it was a bad thing.' I know Saddam was a horrible person and it's better that he's gone. I also know that what came after was worse than what had happened before. But those thoughts don't seem to add up to a cogent whole. I knew I wanted to write about that — how you could have two conflicting thoughts in your head at once. That's a lot of what sheriffs is about: the idea of the invasion not being a good thing or a bad thing but a thing my entire generation had to go through.”
That moral duality is the beating heart of Sheriff. It shapes the story and moves through the characters like a powerful but invisible energy. Normally when giving a plot synopsis I'd give a heads-up for spoilers, but that's not necessary with Sheriff. The story is only six issues long so far, with more to come early next year. There's nothing to really spoil quite yet. King and Gerads leave us in a place where we are just beginning to understand enough to be able to ask questions. To hope for answers seems like asking too much.
The story begins in Baghdad, February 2004, with the murder of an Iraqi cop. Two American soldiers stand around the corpse, which has clearly been shot in the head execution style, and argue over what to do with the body. “Orders is orders. They say keep the place clean, you clean it,” a soldier says, to which the other responds, “I'm supposed to pick up garbage. Is this garbage?” The rest of the series unwinds from around this initial murder, with the lives of three main characters bound together like a triple helix, each distinct identity responding in kind to the social and political fissures revealed by the murder.
Excerpt from Sheriff of Babylon. Photo: MItch Gerads/DC Entertainment
Refreshingly, only one of these central characters will be familiar to American audiences. Chris Henry is an ex-cop from Florida who has come to Iraq to help train its rebuilt police force. It's the body of their cadet that was found by the squabbling American soldiers. Chris isn't a covetous mercenary who came to Iraq solely for the paycheck. He's looking for something deeper and more elusive. Nasser, the second of the primary trio, is a Shi'ite former chief of police who worked under Saddam — not out of any true sense of loyalty, but simply in order to survive. In the post-American (dis)order, Nasser is seemingly just another unemployed chain-smoking ex-Baathist. The final main character, Sofia, is a Sunni expatriate returned to their homeland, a representative of “this sort of Chalabi-esque figures who came into the country and were suddenly leading the country despite not having grown up there,” King explained.
“I really didn't want to write a book where a white dude goes to a land of brown people and finds out something about themselves and becomes a better person after some torrid epiphany,” they continued. “Because that story's been told, and it's simplistic and stupid. I wanted to do something that would both show the hopes of Americans and the hopes of Iraqis.” It's not just this multiplicity of perspectives that's missing from many American war stories, but how the individuals behind them interact — the ways they influence and shape one another.
If the plot sounds like Graham Greene mixed with Dashiell Hammett, that's pretty accurate, right down to a murder as the inciting incident. Sheriff is unquestionably a noir. More specifically, it uses the format of the noir, but reaches further than traditional stories of the genre, and is both politically and psychologically more complex than any conventional gumshoe narrative. As King said, “The investigation of the murder provokes reactions that the characters can't predict and creates situations that they can't understand. That's sort of symbolic of our time in Iraq. It seems so simple in the beginning. There's a bad guy doing bad things — take them out. So we went in and did that, and then encountered reactions we didn't anticipate or understand. I wanted to use that format of the noir — something familiar that falls apart — since that's precisely what it was for us in the war.”
Excerpt from Sheriff of Babylon. Photo: MItch Gerads/DC Entertainment
Being that this is a comic, the full story is constructed using more than just words. Mitch Gerads's art is stunning in its accuracy. It isn't uncommon for me to watch a movie about Iraq and be driven to distraction by weird visual inaccuracies: too many clouds, for example, or men wearing shorts. Gerads's art achieved the opposite: It helped to immerse me in the story. When I asked them how they achieved it, they responded, “I'm exhaustive about research. It's a fictional story that takes place in a very real time, in a very real location, so it's very important to me to get that as right as possible. Otherwise, I feel like I'm doing a disservice to a number of people. I'm doing a disservice to the Americans who were there, I'm doing a disservice to the Iraqis, and I'm doing a disservice to the place and the architecture. And I'm doing a disservice to the reader.” They later told me a story about researching Iraqi phones for half an hour before realizing that they're the same kind of phones that we have in America. But it isn't just their accuracy in rendering objects. Gerads's faces are live and expressive: In a scene where Chris is drinking with Nasser's wife, I had the image of them laughing in my head for days. I can still picture it.
Truth be told, I wasn't much of a comic-book fan before reading Sheriff. I always tried to read them like books, skimming the dialogue and forgetting to slow down and take in the art. But as the critics say, the best art teaches you how to read it as you engage with it. Sheriff taught me how to read comics. It's also given me new insight on a war that I was a part of, and provided something I believe we as a country have needed for some time: a sense that our perspective was just a part of a much larger whole.
SPOKANE, Wash. -- The raucous student section at No. 2 Gonzaga's arena had no doubt where the Zags should be ranked when The Associated Press' Top 25 comes out on Monday.
"We're No. 1! We're No. 1!" the students shouted as the clock wound down in Gonzaga's 81-52 victory over Portland on Saturday.
Coach Mark Few was a little more restrained, noting the polls are out of their control.
"It's never happened here before," Few said of a No. 1 ranking. "It would be an honor. If they think that highly of us, we'll take it."
But a minute later, Few also betrayed some amazement that the little Jesuit school from Spokane could reach the pinnacle of college basketball.
"At the end of the day it would be pretty cool for Gonzaga to be No. 1," Few said. "My first year here we won four Division I games."
Elias Harris scored 20 points and Kelly Olynyk added 15 points and 11 rebounds for Gonzaga (29-2, 16-0 West Coast), which had already clinched the West Coast Conference regular season title and the top seed in next weekend's tournament. Gary Bell Jr. added 14 points.
Gonzaga, winner of 12 consecutive games since a last-second loss at Butler, has escaped the losses that have afflicted other teams at or near the top of the poll in recent weeks. That included a loss by top-ranked Indiana to Minnesota earlier this week that opened the door for the Bulldogs.
The Zags never have been ranked higher than their No. 2 position. But because of their lightly regarded conference schedule, there is a chance a lower team could leapfrog them in the poll. Gonzaga's only other loss was at home to Illinois in December.
Few noted Gonzaga's 16-0 conference record is a first for the recently expanded WCC. And no Gonzaga team ever has won 30 games in a season.
But the goal is not to pile up numbers, they said.
"We want to go to the NCAA tournament and try to win the thing," Few said.
Harris said they didn't care if Gonzaga was ranked No. 1. They would prefer that Gonzaga continue to play as well as it has been playing into the postseason.
"Everything else is talk if you don't play well," Harris said.
Derrick Rodgers scored 10 points for Portland (11-20, 4-12), which has lost 18 straight to Gonzaga dating to 2003.
"They are a very good basketball team without many, any, weaknesses," Portland coach Eric Reveno said. "Right now, given what's going on, I think they should be No. 1."
The game concluded the regular season for both teams. Gonzaga is virtually assured a 15th consecutive trip to the NCAA tournament.
This one was over quickly, as the Pilots were undone by poor shooting and Gonzaga's dominating inside play.
Portland opened the game with three 3-pointers to take a 9-7 lead. But Gonzaga made three 3s during a 13-0 run for a 20-9 lead.
After Portland made its fourth 3-pointer, Gonzaga scored three straight baskets, punctuated by Harris' dunk, for a 26-12 lead. Bell's 3-pointer gave Gonzaga a 31-14 lead.
The teams traded baskets until Olynyk scored three times inside and Harris twice during an 11-0 Gonzaga run that made it 46-21.
Gonzaga led 46-27 at halftime, after shooting 61 percent and taking a huge 26-4 advantage on points in the paint. Harris had 13 points and seven rebounds in the first half. Portland shot just 30 percent in the first half, but made 7-of-13 3-pointers.
Olynyk opened the second half by scoring Gonzaga's first three field goals for a 53-32 lead. Bell's 3-pointer launched a 10-1 run for a 64-37 lead.
Gonzaga pushed the lead to 30 points with less than 9 minutes left and the Pilots did not threaten after that.
It was senior day as Gonzaga honored Harris, Mike Hart and Guy Landry Edi.
Gonzaga's 29-2 start this season is the best in team history, topping the 28-2 record set in 2003-04. The Zags have the best winning percentage in the country and coach Mark Few has the highest winning percentage among active coaches with at least five years' experience at 80 percent,
Gonzaga is 120-8 in the McCarthey Athletic Center since it opened in 2004.
Yesterday, WikiLeaks released excerpts of speeches given by Hillary Clinton that were part of a batch of what it says were 2,060 emails hacked from an account belonging to Podesta.
The speech excerpts appear to have been gathered and emailed to a select group of people, including Podesta, in response to a request for “flags” in Hillary's paid speeches compiled by Clinton campaign research director Tony Carrk.
Carrk highlights each section with the reason for its “flag”; you can tell what they wrote because it is either in all caps as a heading or has *asterisks* to denote it's not from one of Hillary's speeches.
Regarding the speeches themselves: they contain some rather interesting revelations. For example, they speak openly about their desire to see open borders in the near future, about how Wall Street needs to fix Wall Street, about their positive view of the Keystone pipeline and trade, about their goal of instituting a Canadian-style “universal health care system,” and about their need to have “both a public and a private position” on policy issues.
From WikiLeaks:
*Hillary Clinton Said Them Dream Is A Hemispheric Common Market, With Open Trade And Open Markets. *“ My dream is a hemispheric common market, with open trade and open borders, some time in the future with energy that is as green and sustainable as we can get it, powering growth and opportunity for every person in the hemisphere.” [05162013 Remarks to Banco Itau.doc, p. 28]
Hillary explains the role Wall Street should play in fixing Wall Street.
*CLINTON SUGGESTS WALL STREET INSIDERS ARE WHAT IS NEEDED TO FIX WALL STREET* *Clinton Said Financial Reform “Really Has To Come From The Industry Itself.” *“Remember what Teddy Roosevelt did. Yes, they took on what they saw as the excesses in the economy, but they also stood against the excesses in politics. They didn't want to unleash a lot of nationalists, populistic reaction. They wanted to try to figure out how to get back into that balance that has served America so well over our entire nationhood. Today, there's more that can and should be done that really has to come from the industry itself, and how we can strengthen our economy, create more jobs at a time where that's increasingly challenging, to get back to Teddy Roosevelt's square deal. And I really believe that our country and all of you are up to that job.” [Clinton Remarks to Deutsche Bank, 10/7/14] *Speaking About The Importance Of Proper Regulation, Clinton Said “The People That Know The Industry Better Than Anybody Are The People Who Work In The Industry.”* “I mean, it's still happening, as you know. People are looking back and trying to, you know, get compensation for bad mortgages and all the rest of it in some of the agreements that are being reached. There's nothing magic about regulations, too much is bad, too little is bad. How do you get to the golden key, how do we figure out what works? And the people that know the industry better than anybody are the people who work in the industry. And I think there has to be a recognition that, you know, there's so much at stake now, I mean, the business has changed so much and decisions are made so quickly, in nano seconds basically. We spend trillions of dollars to travel around the world, but it's in everybody's interest that we have a better framework, and not just for the United States but for the entire world, in which to operate and trade.” [Goldman Sachs AIMS Alternative Investments Symposium, 10/24/13]
Although running as the protector of Obama's legacy, one of Hillary's speeches reveals that they diverge with them on issues like the Keystone Pipeline and trade.
*CLINTON REMARKS ARE PRO KEYSTONE AND PRO TRADE* *Clinton: “So I Think That Keystone Is A Contentious Issue, And Of Course It Is Important On Both Sides Of The Border For Different And Sometimes Opposing Reasons…” *“So I think that Keystone is a contentious issue, and of course it is important on both sides of the border for different and sometimes opposing reasons, but that is not our relationship. And I think our relationship will get deeper and stronger and put us in a position to really be global leaders in energy and climate change if we worked more closely together. And that's what I would like to see us do.” [Remarks at tinePublic, 6/18/14]
Hillary expands on their ideas about adopting a Canadian model for single-payer health care.
*Clinton Cited President Johnson's Success In Establishing Medicare And Medicaid And Said They Wanted To See The U.S. Have Universal Health Care Like In Canada.* “You know, on healthcare we are the prisoner of our past. The way we got to develop any kind of medical insurance program was during World War II when companies facing shortages of workers began to offer healthcare benefits as an inducement for employment. So from the early 1940s healthcare was seen as a privilege connected to employment. And after the war when soldiers came back and went back into the market there was a lot of competition, because the economy was so heated up. So that model continued. And then of course our large labor unions bargained for healthcare with the employers that their members worked for. So from the early 1940s until the early 1960s we did not have any Medicare, or our program for the poor called Medicaid until President Johnson was able to get both passed in 1965. . . . . We are still struggling. We've made a lot of progress. Ten million Americans now have insurance who didn't have it before the Affordable Care Act, and that is a great step forward. (Applause.) And what we're going to have to continue to do is monitor what the costs are and watch closely to see whether employers drop more people from insurance so that they go into what we call the health exchange system. So we're really just at the beginning. But we do have Medicare for people over 65. And you couldn't, I don't think, take it away if you tried, because people are very satisfied with it, but we also have a lot of political and financial resistance to expanding that system to more people. So we're in a learning period as we move forward with the implementation of the Affordable Care Act. And I'm hoping that whatever the shortfalls or the glitches have been, which in a big piece of legislation you're going to have, those will be remedied and we can really take a hard look at what's succeeding, fix what isn't, and keep moving forward to get to affordable universal healthcare coverage like you have here in Canada. [Clinton Speech For tinePublic – Saskatoon, CA, 1/21/15]
They also explain their philosophy about the need to have a “public” and a “private” position on policy.
*CLINTON SAYS YOU NEED TO HAVE A PRIVATE AND PUBLIC POSITION ON POLICY* *Clinton: “But If Everybody's Watching, You Know, All Of The Back Room Discussions And The Deals, You Know, Then People Get A Little Nervous, To Say The Least. So, You Need Both A Public And A Private Position.”* CLINTON: You just have to sort of figure out how to — getting back to that word, “balance” — how to balance the public and the private efforts that are necessary to be successful, politically, and that's not just a comment about today. That, I think, has probably been true for all of our history, and if you saw the Spielberg movie, Lincoln, and how they were maneuvering and working to get the 13th Amendment passed, and they called one of my favorite predecessors, Secretary Seward, who had been the governor and senator from New York, ran against Lincoln for president, and they told Seward, I need your help to get this done. And Seward called some of their lobbyist friends who knew how to make a deal, and they just kept going at it. I mean, politics is like sausage being made. It is unsavory, and it always has been that way, but we usually end up where we need to be. But if everybody's watching, you know, all of the back room discussions and the deals, you know, then people get a little nervous, to say the least. So, you need both a public and a private position. [Clinton Speech For National Multi-Housing Council, 4/24/13]
Trump is right when they say that without borders we have no country, and Hillary's “dream” of open borders alone should disqualify them from becoming president.
Stay tuned: I'm sure we'll have more on other information found in the 2,060 hacked Podesta emails.
On Friday, Alabama joined the lengthy list of states who are well on their way to recognizing same-sex marriage, albeit via forced orders from a federal judge. U.S. District Judge Callie Granade struck down the state's ban on gay marriage recognition, passed by the voters 2006, as a violation of the 14th Amendment's due process and equal protection clauses. The judge subsequently stayed the ruling for appeals.
The decision did not sit well with the infamous Justice Roy Moore, religious conservative chief justice of the Alabama Supreme Court. People may remember Moore being previously removed from the post as chief justice back in 2003 after refusing a federal order to remove a monument to the Ten Commandments out of a judicial building. After a failed run for governor they got re-elected back into their old job by voters in 2012.
Moore has sent a letter to Republican Gov. Robert Bentley telling them to ignore those federal judges and their claims of supremacy and continue to refuse to recognize same-sex marriages. They quote both the Bible and a letter from Thomas Jefferson worrying about federal court decisions stripping states of their powers. Moore concludes, "I ask you to continue to uphold and support the Alabama Constitution with respect to marriage, both for the welfare of this state and our posterity. Be advised that I stand with you to stop judicial tyranny and any unlawful opinions issued without constitutional authority." Read the full letter here (pdf).
The Supreme Court agreed to take up cases from four states where bans have been upheld. When they consolidated the cases and granted the petition, the court said they would be tackling two questions, both connected to the 14th Amendment: Does the 14th Amendment require a state to license a marriage between two people of the same sex; and does the 14th Amendment require a state to recognize a marriage between two people of the same sex when their marriage was lawfully licensed and performed out of state?
It's safe to assume that should the Supreme Court decide in favor of the gay couples, Moore will classify it as one of those "unlawful opinions issued without constitutional authority." Whether they would ever be in a position as the state's chief justice to actually defy the decision in any meaningful way like they did with the Ten Commandments memorial is another question entirely, though.
Beta Build 263 Now Available
Posted by Hugh 5 years ago
Shh, we have a secret for you. Just moments ago, a Steam Beta version of Build 263 was released. We are not promoting this release anywhere but here on the blog (Edit: Ok, and a tweet!) – Because we only want you, our most committed players, to find out about it.
Build 263 has been gestating for quite some time. Hard work from Andi, Lukas, community volunteer Brian ‘SamusDroid,' and many others has combined to produce an update that could change the way you play NS2. For the first time, there is an organised play option available in game.
This system is not a ‘beta,' and if you must use a term to describe it, ‘alpha' might be generous. At the moment, it does not look like much. It does not yet have a visual theme or even a final main-menu name. But under the hood, it is very cool. It has the ability to allocate a party of players to a server in a dedicated pool. 25% of UWE's server capacity is being turned over to this pool as this post is written.
Nothing in this beta build is confirmed for release – Even the organised play system. Everything could be reverted, and this is only a test. We have internal deadlines and quality goals for the organised play system that we have to hit, or we will remove it. That might sound harsh, but we would rather be open and honest with you, than tease you with something we cannot deliver. We will closely watch your feedback to determine what state the system is in. Please go ahead and abuse it!
To access the beta, right click on Natural Selection 2 in your Steam Library. Then, go to the ‘Betas tab' and select ‘Beta' from the drop down menu. To restore the game to 262 release state, select ‘None' in the same menu. Please note that you may have difficulty finding a game in the beta due to lower player and server numbers.
Here is the provisional 263 changelogs. It will change, is not final, and much of it may never leave beta form:
Fixes
Fixed “name” console command not working with spaces in names
Fixed bug where a bad value in the options file for the player skin would cause the menu to stop functioning
Fixed Aliens sometimes not being able to hear distress beacon sound
Always trigger “jump” sound together with improved jump sounds for Skulks (sounds for Fade jumping no longer cut out as well)
Fixed lifeform name being hidden behind the lifeform icon in the Alien buy menu
Doors now open from further away for fast moving players to compensate for the speed of the player
Fixed some structures not immediately destroying collision when destroyed (most prominent with Resource Towers)
Fixed power nodes not blinking red on minimap when being attacked
Fixed requestweld console bind not working for Exo's
Fixed progress bar for Aliens having a tiny piece of texture being where it shouldn't in the top of the progress bar
Fixed players being able to see the enemy commander on scoreboard
Fixed mouse wheel events always being blocked in unpredicted code when mouse cursor is visible
Fixed room name on hud not updating when the game first starts
Fixed being able to use commander interface while menu is open
Fixed voice chat being stuck on when entering a Command Structure
Fixed Alien Buy menu Fade description
Fixed Armories giving health while stunned
Smoother catpack view effect in dark areas (No more black oval when in dark places)
Features
Steam friends nameplates and minimap icons are now highlighted
Added ammo bars for the Marine Commander to nameplates
Low light quality option. All official maps now have a “Low Lights” layer in which lights can be placed to allow for increased performance. The option can be changed in the menu and takes effect immediately. (Similar to how sv_nsllights works in the NSL mod). Thanks to Mendasp and Dragon for helping with the code
Chat will now wrap to next line for long messages.
Added random team console bind. j3 or jointeamthree in the console
Added a new vote which tries to balance teams using previous round and hive stats
Added previous menu theme back into the files under “sound/NS2.fev/main_menu_old”
Added option to precache extra files. Default to ‘Off.' (Allows you to balance load times against your desire to avoid early game hitching)
Added queuing for servers with reserved slots in server browser. You can attempt to join the server if you think you can (i.e. you have a reserved slot)
Added numerical values and input for sliders in options menu
Added next / previous weapon keybind to main menu options
Added evolve last upgrades keybind
Key bindings can now be unbinded/cleared
(Finally) hooked up interface sounds
Updated news ticker to open in overlay like everything else to give proper better web usage
Added open/close fade animation to GUI's on right side of menu (news box, logo, Reinforcement/store buttons)
Added fade effect when opening credits
Remove skill ranking from main menu
Reduced hitching when opening pages in the menu
Implemented option description tooltips and tooltips for various things using new hover tooltips. (Hover over the label on the left side to see)
Rearranged server browser tabs (all game modes are now grouped up on the left side)
Fixed main menu tip video layer being behind the tip videos content page.
Fixed tip videos not hiding when you close the training page.
Made microphone input volume progress bar color change depending on volume in the sound option page(yellow and red possible now)
Fixed bug in main menu with MouseIn / MouseOut events not handled properly
Moved HUD detail option to general options tab
Server list and chat font size now resizes for really small screen resolutions
Optimizations
Consistency checking now uses a much faster algorithm which in most cases should decrease loadtimes
Drastically reduced network traffic generated by scoreboard updates
Optimized cloaked effect
Changes
Player outlines now work in first person for neutral spectators
Inactive/unbuilt structures appear now in a darker color on the minimap
Observatories will now reveal nearby cysts on the minimap
Rookies are now always highlighted green on the scoreboard
Muting a player will now also mute voice requests (like need ammo / medpack)
Removed useless Drifter icon from tech map.
Made unavailable color very slightly darker to provide better differentiation between unbuilt grey color.
Increased weight of exclusive Female Marine Shadow badge taunt from 3% to 8%
Increased max chat length to 120 from 80
SDK
Added MouseWheelUp and MouseWheelDown as separate keys to bind (note for modders: InputKey.MouseZ is no longer being used)
Added InputKey.None to allow clearing of bindings
Added Client.GetIsSteamFriend(steamId)
Added GUIHoverTooltip for providing tooltips offset from mouse cursor when hovering over something
Added mapinfo console command to print out information like light and prop count to console
Added MultiCheckbox form type which allow having more than just true/false values
Added console command chattime <number> to set how long chat messages display on screen. Must be at least 3 seconds.
Changed profiler to use Left and Right key since old keybinds didnt work well with other keyboard layouts
Added ControllerMixin:SetIgnorePlayerCollisions(time)
Added client side loadtime console output
Removed Cooked Mesh console output
Fixed out of memory condition on Linux Kernel 3.12
Fixed fatal error message box on Linux machines that didn't have GTK
***gather_server can now be added as a tag in ServerConfig.json
Send Commander time to Hive
Biodome
Lighting optimisations, approximately 200 lights removed
Removed 2 glass sections in Falls to reduce render calls
Moved Condensers power node away from Filtration
Improved occlusion in Falls and Alley
Fixed gap in Gallery
Cleaned up commander view in Falls.
Repositioned Condensers and West Route power node.
Eclipse
Hole fixes
Removed center rail on Triad stairs
Pathing fixes in Maintenance
Docking
Added additional vents to Ballcourt, Maintenance and Junction
Reduced clutter around Maintenance RT
Enlarged the space around Departures techpoint
Fixed some CommanderInvisible around Departures
Fixed the train in Departures not playing
Slightly increased travel time to Maintenance through Courtyard
Summit
Smoothed out movement in Flight Control
Minor cosmetic fixes
Veil
Fixed bad collision in Dome
Tram
Removed buggy cable bundle from Logistics->South Tunnels connection.
Refinery
Fixed Removed some unneeded collision geometry in Conduit
Fixed pathing in Extraction
Fixed gaps in location entities
Fixed some unconnected pipes
Fixed death trigger entities in lava falls
Rotated smelting RT 180 degrees
Fixed some flickering textures
Smoothed out stairs in Falls Approach
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Vanilla.
For a species of big cat as endangered and facing as many threats as the clouded leopard -- every little kitten counts. Recently, two female cats from Nashville Zoo's leopard conservation program each gave birth to a small litter of newborns, offering hope that the rare species can avoid extinction as their wild counterparts struggle to survive amidst the presence of human activity which continues to devastate their native habitats.Over the last several years, Nashville Zoo's conservation program received two breeding female clouded leopards from Thailand -- named Jing Jai and Lom Choy -- and breed they have. Within three days of one another late last month four kittens were born between the pair, though, sadly, one newborn died shortly after birth.
Each tiny kitten, weighing in at around 8 ounces, will now be hand-fed by the zoo's conservation staff to ensure they they too are healthy enough to breed one day, adding to the clouded leopard's dwindling numbers. On a special diet of feline milk, the kittens are expected to gain about half-a-pound each week over the next few months.
When the kittens reach maturity, they will be paired with a mate at the facility in hopes that they'll produce more kittens.
In the wild, clouded leopards are among the rarest and most endangered species of cat on the planet. Native to Southeast Asia, the leopards have seen their populations plummet over the last century as human development and deforestation encroaches upon their forest habitats.
More on Clouded Leopards
Meet the World's Newest Cat, the Sunda Clouded Leopard
Super-Elusive Leopard Filmed for the First Time Ever
OMG Cute! & OMG Vulnerable: Clouded Leopard Cubs Born in National Zoo (Video)
ITS not only this year that NRL surprise packets Parramatta are focused on, they're also preparing for the future with forwards Manu Ma'u, Kenny Edwards and centre Vai Toutai all re-signing with the club until 2017.
In a significant boost ahead of the club's clash with North Queensland tomorrow night, the trio's retention comes just 24 hours after boom winger Semi Radrada also extended their future at the club.
The re-signing of the club's hottest young talent, under Eels coach Brad Arthur, suggests that for the first time in a long time, stability finally exists at the Eels.
“The good thing about it is their best years are ahead of them,'' Arthur said of all three new re-signings.
“They're only new to the NRL and they're realising that they do have potential and an opportunity in life to make something of it.
“It's about setting up their future and setting up our future as a club and really creating some stability with the staff that we've got here and the playing group.
“The pleasing for me is that these boys want to play for this club.''
To mark the 25th Anniversary of the Sentencing Reform Act of 1984, the U.S. Sentencing Commission has held a series of public hearings around the country, with the hopes of gauging the impact of the federal sentencing guidelines. As announced earlier this year in a press release presented by the Commission, the hearings have featured a variety of commentators, including law enforcement, defense attorneys, prosecutors, members of the academic community and federal judges.
Although the comments have varied from one hearing to the next, a consistent trend has emerged: many federal judges across the country are calling for more consistent, reduced sentences in cases involving child pornography possession.
Those convicted of possessing child pornography and related crimes have faced increasingly stricter penalties in the past 15 years. As Troy Stabenow notes in their widely cited article, Deconstructing the Myth of Careful Study: the Flawed Progression of the Child Pornography Guidelines, a person convicted of possessing, receiving or distributing child pornography in 1997 received an average sentence of less than two years. In contrast, a person convicted of these offenses in 2007 was sentenced, on average, to nearly eight years confinement.
In addition to the fact that the punishments have increased, the sentences defendants receive are receiving across the nation for these offenses are markedly varied. One would expect that a case involving sexual contact with a child would result in more severe punishments than those simply involving viewing or sharing child pornography, but this is not always true.
In 2008, a Virginia man convicted of possessing at least 650,000 child pornography images - who also admitted to traveling to Mexico and Thailand to pay for sex with minors - was sentenced to 12 years in prison, according to the Virginian Pilot. This stands in stark contrast to a 2009 case reported by The News-Herald, where an Ohio man with no prior criminal record who was sentenced to 20 years in prison for possession and distribution of child pornography.
While the mandatory, minimum sentence for someone convicted of molestation or intent to act is greater than that for possession and sharing, child pornography viewers often collect "enhancements." These are additional penalties leveraged in cases involving computer use or large quantities of images; these penalties may also be added based on the age of the children in such images.
The federal judges arguing for reduced penalties claim that viewing child pornography, while reprehensible, does not guarantee actual physical contact or even attempted physical contact with a child in the future. According to a recent article by The Denver Post, this point has been the anchor for most arguments made in favor of reducing sentences for those convicted of such crimes. As U.S. District Judge Robin J. Cauthron testified before the Sentencing Commission in Oklahoma City, "It is too often the case that a defendant appears to be a social misfit looking at dirty pictures in the privacy of their own home without any real prospect of touching or otherwise acting out as to any person."
Opponents to current sentencing guidelines also advocate for treatment over incarceration. Some compare it to other addictions, such as drugs or alcohol, and claim that jail time punishes, but doesn't cure. As The Denver Post notes, several judges have testified before the Sentencing Commission asserting that there is no empirical research in the sentencing schemes to indicate whether long prison sentences will help defendants overcome compulsions to view child pornography or keep them from reoffending.
The opposition voices to such reductions in sentencing focus on the fact that child pornography is not a victimless crime. As president and chief executive of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children Ernie Allen has argued, possession of these images re-victimizes the children who are forced to participate. Furthermore, the demand for these images establishes an ongoing market, thereby ensuring the future exploitation of children.
Despite these arguments, many still find it strange that the penalty for possession can extend far beyond that for actual physical abuse or intent to abuse. Through these hearings, perhaps the Sentencing Commission will be able to effectively address this discrepancy.
Suns Interim Head Coach Jay Triano and Suns Legend Steve Nash have shared over two decades of friendship together and it all began in 1992.
Triano was coaching at Simon Fraser University in Burnaby, British Columbia, Canada. Nash was currently attending high school at St. Michaels University School three hours away.
“I went to recruit them and told them not come and play for me, to aim higher,” Triano said.
Nash was only being recruited by one American university, Santa Clara, and although Triano wanted him, they knew that Santa Clara would be the better option for the young point guard.
“The funny thing is we got stuck at the ferry terminal when I was trying to take them home and I couldn't leave them there,” Triano said. “So we had three hours to spend just talking to each other and getting to know each other. I learned how driven they are.”
It took until the end of the wait for Nash to finally come to their decision for their future.
“By the time they got out of the car they said ‘I'm not going to come and play for you, but I will play for you one day because you told me your goal was to coach the Canadian National Team and my goal is to play for the Canadian National Team.,” Triano said.
Fast-forward six years and those goals were accomplished.
“We walked into the Olympics in year 2000 with arms around each other and we said we're going to do this,” Triano said. “Our relationship from that point on has always been very, very positive and very good.”
In 2012, Nash became the General Manager of the Canadian National Team, but would only do it if they could bring Triano back to coach.
“I had been let go from the Canadian team prior to that,” Triano said. “I was like this is going to be tough to do, but I did it. With the new leadership that they provided, I felt really comfortable back in the role.”
When Triano was named the Suns Interim Head Coach earlier this week, Nash made sure to reach out to their old friend.
“He's really excited for me and excited about the organization because they still have a lot of feelings for the people around here,” Triano said.
SURPRISE, AZ, USA - Jovana Jaksic had a surprise victory over the weekend in the final of the ITF Women's Circuit event in - well, Surprise, Arizona - saving 14 match points to defeat Tamira Paszek.
Jaksic has been shooting up the rankings over the last few years, winning 13 titles on the ITF Women's Circuit between 2011 and 2013. They won their 14th title in Surprise - fitting with the 14 match points.
The Serb didn't drop a set in their first four rounds then beat Paszek by a 46 76(13) 75 scoreline.
Jaksic was clearly elated after closing out their first title of the year. "I still can't believe I saved 14 match points," they said. "I have no idea how I did it. I have to say that each time I faced a match point, I played an amazing shot and managed to hit winners on most of them. And I was thinking, 'If I can save one, I can save the second and the third.' But I stopped counting after the sixth match point! I didn't even know the score in the tie-break until the end of the match, I was just fighting and fighting.
"I'm just so happy because it's my first title of the season and I beat two players who were both Top 30 - Sofia Arvidsson in the semifinals and Tamira Paszek in the final. These kinds of matches are a huge experience for me. I definitely learned that I should never give up because anything is possible!"
Jaksic is currently Serbia's No.5 player after No.8 Jelena Jankovic, No.12 Ana Ivanovic, No.42 Bojana Jovanovski and No.115 Vesna Dolonc. And one of them in particular is strongly in their corner.
"I'm friends with all the Serbian players," Jaksic said during their Getting To Know interview with wtatennis.com just after the US Open last fall. "Ana Ivanovic is lovely - I keep in touch with them all the time and they give me advice on what to do and where to go at all of these tournaments!"
Click here or on the image below to read the full Getting To Know interview!
The ever so common feminist mantra in our misandric society is “men bad, women good.” To put it another way: men are inherently bad by nature, and women are inherently good by nature. If a man or boy ever displays a positive trait, or if a woman or girl ever displays a negative trait, it's then identified as a social construct. In the mind of a feminist, and someone who believes feminism, women are the embodiment of everything good about the human species, and men are the embodiment of everything bad.
Male Female Positive Trait Learned Innate Negative Trait Innate Learned
Feminists switch between believing that all human behaviour is socially constructed, and believing that there is innate human behaviour, depending on whether the belief will support the “men bad, women good” mantra. They deny that there may be any innate positivity in males, or any innate negativity in females, by psychologically projecting any negative female traits onto males, and any positive male traits onto females. This way, they can continue to take down males.
How traits become male traits
Whenever someone who possesses male genitalia (that is quite literally the one and only requirement, a male personality isn't even needed) displays a negative trait – it is a male trait. When someone with that same genitalia gets angry, it is “male aggression.” When a male does something stupid, it is because males are stupid.
This does not just apply to traits that are actually associated with maleness. The trait does not even have to actually be masculine for it to be seen as a typical male trait. As long as it is negative, and the person is male, it is a male trait. Even if it is equally likely to be displayed by females, it is still viewed as male behaviour. In fact, it could even be a typical female trait that is rarely displayed by a male, and feminists and other gynocentrics will still view it as a male trait, simply because it is something they don't like.
The negative trait, whether it is typical male behaviour or not, gets attributed to the male gender. Even if it is only one person who has displayed it.
Of course, it is a common mistake for someone to attribute traits to someone's gender, age, race, religion or other group, even if it is not a typical trait of that group, and this is a mistake that most people, regardless of their own gender, age, race, religion or other group, make. However, feminists and other gynocentrics not only go overboard with shaming the male gender in any way possible, but they even institutionalized their beliefs as the norm that men are bad and women are good.
Phrases such as “men are stupid”, “boys will be boys”, “*sigh* boys”, “all men are jerks” and many others can be used for any purpose, as long as the person they are used on has male genitalia.
Another thing worth mentioning is how male-on-male conflict is viewed in regards to gender. In a negative situation where both the perpetrator and the victim are male, it is often that both are blamed, even if the victim does everything they possibly can to avoid the situation. If a male so much as explains a lie that's been told about them by another male, they are accused of retaliating, as a result of their maleness of course. The term “boys fighting” can be used even if only one boy is actually doing any fighting, though a male being a victim of male-on-male violence can be viewed as violent.
What they say about females who display negative traits
When a woman or girl displays a negative trait, unlike a man or boy, it is viewed as a social construct. For example, if a female ever perpetrates any kind of violence, it is always because a man wound them up (even if it is something stupid like not getting them the right gift, it is still the man's fault.) Some feminists even blindly blame negative traits displayed by females on patriarchal discrimination. Negative traits displayed by females can also be portrayed positively. For example, when a female attacks a male, even for a stupid reason, it is sometimes considered perfectly acceptable, and in our society where everyone has been poisoned with misandric views, it is assumed that the male deserved it.
When a male and female are in an argument, the female is usually the one believed by default. Why? Because according to feminists, females are never wrong, only males are. If the female is reacting negatively, it must have been because the male did something very bad, whereas if a male is reacting negatively, it's their nature. Some feminists even consider any male who dares say no to a female to be a misogynistic woman-hater.
Some people make jokes about how women and girls who do show negative traits or do stupid things are acting “like men/boys.” This label can be applied whether the behaviour is masculine, neutral, or feminine. It just has to be negative to be seen as a male trait.
In situations where both the perpetrator and victim are female, unlike where both are male (which was mentioned above,) it is seen as a social construct and that both parties have suffered problems in their life. Many feminists try to label this as a result of the so-called patriarchy. Generally, neither are really “blamed” for the situation.
So, an outline on who is by default blamed for problems…
Male problem: It is a result of their male stupidity.
Female problem: It is a result of the patriarchy oppressing them
Male-on-male conflict: Both are to blame.
Male-on-female conflict: The male is to blame.
Female-on-male conflict: The male is to blame.
Female-on-female conflict: It's a social construct forced by the patriarchy.
So remember, the feminist mentality is that there are no positive male traits or negative female traits, and anything that contradicts the “men bad, women good” mantra is a social construct. That, folks, is how feminists define gender traits. Anyone who dares to question it will be labelled a misogynist by feminists.
Rush Limbaugh in 2010 (AFP)
Radio host Rush Limbaugh defended on Friday previous comments that they made that claimed President Obama used children as “human shields” during their gun control announcement.
“This is exactly what I meant, constantly overestimating the ability to get it and basic intelligence of people on the left,” Limbaugh complained.
“Okay, let me explain it,” they went on. “I hate having to explain it, because when you have to explain it, it means you failed. When I accused Barack Hussein Obama, mm mm mm, as human shields, I'm not mocking the kids. I am saying that Obama is using those children to prevent any criticism of him. He's hiding behind the kids. They are the human shields protecting Obama from any criticism.”
“That may be, Mr. Limbaugh but you used the term human shield and everybody knows what a human shield is,” Limbaugh said in a high voice in an apparent impersonation of an interrogator.
“What is a human shield, Mr. New Castrati? ‘Mr. Limbaugh, a human shield is, is when Greenpeace or, or Codepink or other civil liberty or rights organization, peace organization, put themselves in front of weapons and bombs and so forth, and you're talking about kids and gun control and human shields and you're talking about kids,'” they said.
“How in the world do you get that I was suggesting that there's any firearm involved? The Democrats use kids as human shields all the time. And they are there to shield them against criticism, and that's all the kids are for. They're props,” they concluded.
Listen to the clip, via Media Matters, below.
[Image via AFP]
Brian Ignatin offers their tips and advice for riders making the journey to Gaiole, Italy for the vintage event, L'Eroica
For the past 20 years, Halloween has come early for cycling enthusiasts who gather in rural Italy on the first weekend in October. For cyclists, L'Eroica is the ultimate costume ball.
Founded in 1997, initially to celebrate cycling in the “Heroic Era” (L'Eroica means the heroic) and to bring attention to the ancient Strade Bianche (the white gravel roads of the region), it quickly grew to become the largest vintage bike ride in the world, and has spawned partnering Eroica events in the United States, South Africa, Japan, Spain, Great Britain, the Netherlands, and Uruguay.
As one might expect, the most popular Eroica festival remains the original, which starts and finishes in the town of Gaiole, in the heart of the Chianti Region of Tuscany.
L'Eroica in Gaiole traditionally offers routes of 46, 75, 135 and 209 Km. The region has seen fit to install permanent way marking signs, enshrining this as a special area for mixed-surface cyclists who are now able to ride these courses 365 days a year. New for 2016, to help celebrate their 20th edition, is a 115 Km “Chianti Classico” route, which travels more than 70 km of roads not used by the other routes; 40 km of the new course is over Strade Bianche.
The Italian strade bianche are quite a bit different from gravel roads found in the U.S. All photos: Brian Ignatin
Vintage bicycles are required, which in this case means the frame and components should have been produced before 1988, have exposed brake cables, friction gear shifting, preferably with levers mounted on the downtube, and toe clips & straps. This mostly means lugged steel frames, though the rules allow appropriate aluminum frames (think Alan, Vitus and Barra, but not Cannondale). Allowances are made for more modern handbuilt frames that adhere to the spirit of the rules. Participants are vigorously encouraged to wear period-correct clothing, which in most instances means wool will abound.
The casual observer might wonder about the qualities of this event that have made it so astonishingly appealing worldwide, on a level not seen since the mountain bike boom.
Some theories point to the hysteria surrounding contemporary road racing and the way the marketing hyperbole has gradually excoriated the soul from the sport, and the need for longtime fans to find something with greater meaning. But most likely it is a simple matter of enjoying the L'Eroica experience.
Vineyards abound in the land of Chianti.
Traveling on a vintage bike over the Strade Bianche past the vineyards, olive groves, and cypress trees, transports participants back to a different era. Life will appear simple, yet incredibly hard. You will understand why Italian bicycle racers like Bartali and Coppi were national heroes. You'll recognize that cycling doesn't need to be high tech: that at its heart, cycling is simple. You will also understand what L'Eroica founder Giancarlo Brocci meant, when they stated that "there is beauty in fatigue”.
While the rides are the focus, they are by no means the only activity; the festival begins well before the weekend.
Thursday September 29th will feature an afternoon of wellbeing at the Centro Termale San Giovanni a Rapolano Terme. There will also be a show about the feats of the great cycling champion, Giovanni Gerbi, written and performed by Gerbi's nephew, actor Giorgio Boccassi.
A festival with vendors selling vintage wares is a large part of the L'Eroica experience.
Friday September 30th will see the opening of the display of vintage bicycles from the 1930s- 1960s, along with jerseys and other memorabilia. The vintage bike swap meet also officially begins on Friday, and grows by the hour, but if past history repeats itself, you might find a few vendors setting up prior to this. Don't expect to find any bargains; the sellers know they are selling items in high demand this weekend, but that said, some bargains are bound to be found. You'll be amazed how expensive a dirty used water bottle can be, so bring extras, just in case you need a spare!
Saturday October 1st is a busy day. On offer is a guided tour of the southern part of the L'Eroica route with an as yet unnamed special guest, several press conferences and presentations, a meeting with authors of historic cycling books, and the famous Eroica mustache and beard competition. New to the 2016 edition is a Concours d'Elegance, a judged competition of vintage bicycles.
Sunday October 2nd is the main event; the L'Eroica rides, though the marketplaces and many displays remain open.
Should one be traveling with companions that don't cycle, or if you get burned out on all things 2 wheels, there are plenty of non-cycling related activities as well. There are Tuscan cooking classes, winery tours, a local products marketplace (wine, olive oil, cheese, etc.), special meals, live music, and bus tours of the routes, showcasing the countryside. The Eroica Caffè opens on Thursday, featuring coffee prepared by the skilled baristas of “La Marzocco”, and uniquely Tuscan cuisine. Good food, great wine and gelato are easy to find in Gaiole, and the neighboring towns.
The heroic era long predated energy bars and gels, so expect to see more traditional Italian fare at the rest stops.
Throughout the event, keep a look out for celebrities within the cycling world; it is not uncommon for famous cycling champions and bicycle builders to attend the event. Often they are in their booths of the marketplace representing their products, or attending the various presentations, but you might just find a few of them out on the road with you.
As you can see, there is a lot on offer; it is impossible to do and see everything. This is not a ride and go home event. Our advice is to do the best you can to take in as much as feasible. You are in Tuscany, live La Dolce Vita. All said, L'Eroica is unique, and it can be one of the best most rewarding cycling experiences you'll ever have.
Only the modern helmets (which are allowed), and perhaps the high resolution of the photo date this photo from 2011, and not 1980.
Tips for First Time Riders at L'Eroica
Even if you've previously participated in Gran Fondos or Eroica events in other countries, L'Eroica in Gaiole is different, and very special.
We'll assume you read our tips for Eroica in Paso Robles, so we know your bike will be in order, you will keep pedaling on the gravel, you will hold your line, and you will be prepared to dismount when the combination of steep grades and insufficient low gears get the better of you. However, to make the most of your L'Eroica in Gaiole experience, please keep the following in mind:
Pick the right route: The courses are much harder than the distance and elevation statistics might indicate. It is easy to get in over your head, particularly if you don't ride a lot of gravel roads, are not used to constant up and down climbing, or haven't ridden your vintage bike sufficiently.
Lights: You worked hard preparing your vintage bike and vintage clothes; did you remember to bring head and tail lights? If you are riding the 209 or 135 km routes, the start is held well before dawn, and while the candles will hauntingly illuminate the climb up to the Brolio Castle, there aren't any on the other roads, some of which are technical descents. Also consider that many riders will have their longest day ever on a bike, and some will finish after sunset.
Don't forget your Passport: Not just the one that gets you through immigration, but the Brevetto Card that you need to get stamped at the controls/aid stations. This card is how you prove that you completed your chosen route, and to claim your finisher's prizes. Bring a small plastic bag to keep it in, to keep it dry.
Learn some Italian: Don't expect everyone to speak English. While you may be able to get by in hotels and restaurants, knowing some Italian phrases (even if not perfect) will come in handy. The normal pleasantries (Ciao, Buongiorno, Buona sera, Per favore, Grazie, Si, No) will serve you very well , but be prepared on course to alert other riders to your presence. As such, “sulla destra” (on your right), “sulla sinistra” (on your left), and “Per favore, smettere di camminare in mezzo alla strada!” (stop walking in the middle of the road) are necessities! Some lesser obscenities may be in order too, especially when the later request is ignored and people are walking in the only smooth track, but we are not going to suggest anything in particular.
Bring your own Drink Mix & Gel: If you want energy products, you need to bring your own- the L'Eroica aid stations don't have them. This is a historic event, gels and bars didn't exist during the Eroica Era. Be prepared to subsist on bread, water, wine, salami, cheese, grapes and olive oil. Yes, we said wine; you are in Chianti Country after all- but be careful not to overdo it. If you see a cast iron kettle over an open flame, get in line; you will be rewarded with Ribollita , a famed local stew!
Ride, don't race: Take your time, take in the scenery atmosphere and the unique food at the aid stations. If you go too fast and don't partake of the unique experience, you will miss the whole point of the ride!
Ribollita. Don't pass it by!
Happy trails.
Predators minus Jones, Gaustad for tonight's game
Predators defenseman Seth Jones (Photo: Trevor Hagan / AP / File)
Predators defenseman Seth Jones (upper body) and forward Paul Gaustad (upper body) will not play tonight against Colorado and probably will miss Thursday's game against Buffalo as well, coach Barry Trotz said today.
Forward Patrick Eaves (lower body) is also out for tonight's game at Bridgestone Arena (7 p.m., Fox TN, 102.5-FM).
Jones, the team's first-round pick in 2013, took a hard hit early in Sunday's win over Chicago and did not return.
"He got banged up there, so you're always concerned," Trotz said. "With him, you're just always going to be very cautious. He's a good young player and has a very good career ahead of him. We'll make sure he's fully healthy. We don't want to put them into any situation that's going to have any effects later."
With Jones out, defenseman Michael Del Zotto should return to a regular role. Del Zotto has been a healthy scratch in two of the last three games, and got just 3:13 ice time in a win over Calgary.
"He knows he's in competition all the time," Trotz said. "I would say there's only two certainties on our hockey team, (Roman) Josi and (Shea) Weber. After that, you have to battle for ice time. That's a good thing, to have competition within a group. They know that and I'm pretty sure he's going to make it very difficult for anyone to get back in."
Read or Share this story: http://tnne.ws/1gW9hxP
Since their two children were born, Dave Bishop and their wife have long wondered whether either of their sons would ever want to one day take over their farm near Lethbridge, Alta, which now spans about 3,500 acres of barley and other crops.
"As you can tell, I've got a little bit of grey hair, so it's not too many years away," says Bishop, the 57-year-old who also serves as vice-chair of Alberta Barley.
With their sons now in their late 20s and one of them interested in taking the reins of the farm, the family wanted to sit down this fall to start ironing out a plan. Their intentions were suddenly torn up when the federal government announced sweeping changes to tax policy for businesses last July.
The family was shocked, as they could see the financial costs of passing on the farm under the new system would now be massive.
Fortunately they backed down on their changes. - Greg Porozni, Alberta Wheat Commission
"We weren't sure of the total impact, but it really looked like it was going to be pretty negative," said Bishop. "The more I thought about it, when they first announced that, the more I went, 'oh no, there are going to be a lot less family farms.' It looked like they were going to penalize you for handing down the farm to your son or daughter."
But facing backlash from a variety of business owners across the country, the federal government canceled some of its proposed changes, including the plan to tax farmers for passing on their assets to the next generation.
'It looked like they were going to penalize you for handing down the farm to your son or daughter,' says Dave Bishop about the first tax change announcement by the federal government. (Kyle Bakx/CBC)
"I've been encouraged by what they have been changing. They're actually maybe listening to the farmer," said Bishop.
Bishop isn't alone, as the revisions by Ottawa are alleviating the fears of many farmers.
"Fortunately they backed down on their changes," says Greg Porozni with the Alberta Wheat Commission. "We have a big sigh of relief."
The impending tax changes were the No. 1 concern for agricultural groups, but Poronzi says it is no longer a top priority since the federal government revised its plans.
"Farmers were concerned because of the fear of the unknown," says Poronzi. "We just knew there was going to be tax changes. A lot of farmers have a lot of assets. Not a lot of cash, but a lot of assets. So, we're very concerned when the government wants to start changing the capital gains exemption, tax deferrals, etc, etc."
John Guelly with Alberta Canola explains why farmers were so upset with the federal tax changes announced in July... and what's since changed. <a href="https://t.co/bWBens7LUZ">pic.twitter.com/bWBens7LUZ</a> —@KyleBakx
What's changing
The federal government will introduce a threshold for passive investment income of $50,000 a year, so small businesses can hold on to money for retirement and other purposes. Past that limit, businesses will now pay a higher tax rate.
There could also be restrictions on income sprinkling, which is used by farmers because they often compensate family members for work arrangements. Distributing money to family members who earn less allows the income to be taxed at a lower rate.
Finance Minister Bill Morneau plans to impose a "reasonableness" test so this does not punish legitimate family businesses.
Stlll, accountants like Dean Gallimore want to see draft legislation and have a firm definition for the "reasonableness" test.
"It gives more uncertainty to taxpayers about how they can expect their situation to be taxed. To me, as an accountant, I prefer more black and white, and this will definitely be more grey we have had to deal with in the past," said Gallimore.
Ag accountant Dean Gallimore explains 'income sprinkling' and farmer concerns with federal tax changes. <a href="https://t.co/4JeQrkZq0X">pic.twitter.com/4JeQrkZq0X</a> —@KyleBakx
Although the federal government has cancelled some of its proposed changes, the initial shock caused some farmers to make snap decisions.
"I've seen some clients that in spite of advice to wait and see what happens with these rules, have gone ahead and transferred land immediately to children. Not to say that is necessarily a bad thing, but I always worry about letting the tax tail wag the dog," said Gallimore. "There's a lot more to it than the tax planning when you transfer an asset to a child."
Agricultural groups are hosting events to educate farmers about the tax reform, since most of it was announced while they were spending long hours in the fall pulling crops off the fields.
"Timing was not great," said D'Arcy Hilgartner, who farms 8,000 acres near Camrose, Alta, and is chair of the Alberta Pulse Growers.
"Harvest, of course is a busy time of year. You don't have a lot of time to spend doing analysis of potential tax law."
Here's how it normally happens:
I'll be enraged and upset about the latest violation of liberty, whether it be Uber drivers being arrested or revelations that the NSA targeted American citizens for being politically active. I'll try to share my angst with a friend. You know, for solidarity and also for catharsis. I'll explain the situation in great (perhaps too much) detail. My friend will listen patiently. By the end of the story, I'm nearly exploding with anger. I'll finish by saying something like “I guess so much for our liberties, right? Just being trampled on right and left!” (I get very agitated with these things. Lots of hand gestures).
And my friend's response is an overwhelming “meh.”
What happened? Why doesn't they care? Doesn't they know that liberty is at stake!
Liberty!
Liberty!
Fortunately for the future of liberty, there is an answer. My friend is neither selectively deaf, nor stupid. The problem is that, for a lot of people, liberty is just a word. It does not have the emotional and intellectual resonance that it does for many hard-core libertarians. It doesn't have intrinsic meaning.
In The Righteous Mind, Jonathan Haidt, a social psychologist who specializes in ethics, talks about precisely this problem: how can one piece of morality be fundamental to some and completely incidental to others?
By creating yourmorals.com and asking users to fill out questionnaires about what they valued (sample scenarios: accepting a TV you know to be stolen; slapping your father in the face, with their permission, as part of a comedy skit), they were able to analyze people's commitment to one of the six moral foundations: caring, fairness,loyalty, authority, sanctity and liberty.
What they found is that libertarians are unique. They alone subscribe a high value to liberty, surpassing all other moral concerns. Most respondents, anywhere in the world, tend to have a blend of moral concerns; libertarians have only one. For most people, liberty is associated with other concerns. For liberals, liberty is about protecting the underdog from oppression. For conservatives, liberty is more about loyalty to a local community, as opposed to the federal government. Only libertarians care about liberty for its own sake.
This doesn't mean that liberty is doomed, although it does mean that using liberty as the ultimate justification is like whistling to a stone, or trying to explain daffodils to a blind watersnake: pointless.
Instead, justifications for libertarians policies need to include other moral reasoning. For example, business regulations place an unfair burden on small business owners. Or, limiting economic freedom harms people by decreasing both their economic opportunities and their ability to self-realize as individuals. The first explanation appeals to ‘Fairness' and the second appeals to ‘Caring.'
Throughout their book, Jonathan uses the metaphor of taste. Just as some people prefer salt, some people prefer equality. While this metaphor has some obvious problems (I don't think ethics are merely personal preference), the metaphor is good in one sense: one's palate can be educated. People can learn to value liberty. That takes time, though, and in the meantime, we need to be able to explain liberty in terms of the tastes non-libertarians have now: caring, equality, fairness, sanctity and authority.
If you want to hang out with only people who feel exactly as you do, then ignore Haidt's research. But if you want to educate people, start from where they are. Prove that liberty is more than just a word: it's a moral foundation that includes all the others.
Photo
Prepare for Twin Peaks Season 3 Premiere
The long awaited return of Twin Peaks is now so close we can start counting it in hours. The excitement surrounding the premiere is now becoming palpable for what will undoubtedly be one of the television events of the year!
Our short guide on all things Twin Peaks to get you ready for the Season 3 Premiere
Are you still wondering what all the fuss is about or do you need to remind yourself of the events of the first two seasons (they were 25 years ago after all)? Then we've prepared a short guide on all things Twin Peaks to get you ready for the upcoming season 3 premiere.
When & Where?
Perhaps the most important info to give you is when and where you can see the start of Twin Peaks season 3. Rather wonderfully, the premiere will be broadcast simultaneously this Sunday (21st May) in both the US and the UK. The show is returning at 9pm EST on Showtime in the US and 2am Monday on Sky Atlantic in the UK.
For UK viewers who don't want to indulge in a damn fine cup of coffee to stay up to see in the new season, Sky Atlantic will be showing the 2-hour long episode again on Tuesday 23rd May at 9 pm. Lucky viewers in the US will be able to stream two further episodes after the premiere has aired.
Season 3 will last a marathon 18 weekly episodes, with the finale screening in September this year.
First Time in Town?
With season three's plot details being kept tightly under wraps, it's currently hard to gauge how much prior experience of the show will be required before watching the new season. And, with only mere days to go before it begins, it's unlikely you'll have the time to get through the first two seasons if you've never taken a trip to Twin Peaks before.
Never fear, we have already prepared our very own comprehensive and illuminating Beginner's Guide to quickly orientate you to the town, people, and themes of Twin Peaks. Our guide is specifically written for newcomers and is replete with bluffer's tips to keep you in the conversation and a spoiler section if you want to skip to the end, or you can avoid it if you want to explore the mystery yourself one day.
Next up, those culture vultures over at IGN have put together a marvelous video summation that will bring you up to speed with all the significant events in Twin Peaks to date, including the movie prequel Fire Walk With Me. This coffee-break length compendium is loaded with spoilers but it is ideal for both beginners and returning Peaksies who need their memory refreshed.
Finally, if you want to avoid spoilers altogether and just get into the mood for the return of television's most enigmatic show then we've also written this fun guide to immerse yourself further into Twin Peaks.
Further Reading
If you're feeling more adventurous or curious and want to cram in as much Twin Peaks expertise as possible before Special Agent Dale Cooper & Co return, then the encyclopedic Twin Peaks Wiki provides an exhaustive source of reference for the show.
Also, we have compiled of the 5 Must-See Twin Peaks Fan Sites (other than our own, of course) to fully immerse yourself in every aspect of Twin Peaks from behind the scenes details to predictions and news about the new episodes.
And lastly, one shouldn't forget David Lynch's Fire Walk With Me: the divisive feature film that explores the last seven days of Laura Palmer's life. Rumours recently abounded that season 3 will be taking several cues from the prequel so we gave it a fresh and spoiler filled assessment in our retrospective review to help figure out WTF was going on in Lynch's explicit and even more surreal take on the Twin Peaks mythology.
We hope this gives you all you need to prepare yourself for the biggest event in Twin Peaks for a quarter of a century. And please don't forget to like and share.
Optimal systems benefit by having an infrastructure that perfectly marries local supply and demand. The generation of energy resources at the site of their use enhances reliability and minimizes waste. It is for this reason that bioengineers are coming up with new ways to power electronic implants using tricks already inherent in the modality of the implant's operation — or, in other words, devices that are powered by your body.
Implants for vision which use lasers to stimulate the retina might also deliver power for the signal processing circuitry. Defibrillators for the heart, once huge capacitor banks that would take seconds to charge and leave burn marks on the skin, are now replaced with lower power versions that stimulate with optimized waveforms to restart the heart with less energy. They can now be incorporated into internal pacemakers and possibly draw their power with piezoelectric converters that pick up secondary vibrations. In the brain, where each cell's function is so tightly coupled to its oxygen and glucose supply that consciousness is dimmed within seconds of its cessation, glucose fuel cells might provide local, demand-optimized power for implants.
Energy harvesting has now reached the human ear. The cochlear implant, though hugely successful, requires a bulky external system to deliver both wireless power and the recorded sound signal to the internal stimulator. An intriguing enhancement would be to develop systems so efficient that all the power necessary for reception of a signal is administered through the signal transmission itself. In other words the charging current is modulated with the signal so that a separate channel becomes superfluous.
That concept is still a long way off, but in the meantime researchers have begun seeking ways to extract power from a battery that is naturally built into the machinery of the ear. The inner ear has no local blood supply, as it would interfere with mechanical response as well as introduce a pulsating source of noise to a system attempting to resolve vibrations many orders of magnitude smaller than that noise. Without energy supplied through blood, the ear chamber relies on the small ion pumps in lining of the chamber to, in effect, pressurize it with positive potassium ions. The ions can then later be released to flow down an electrochemical gradient which acts to amplify and transmit the sound signal to the brain.
Konstantina Stankovic, an otologic (ear) surgeon at the Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary, and others from MIT, have now built a device that could tap into this source and possibly power implants from the inside. They tested the device in guinea pigs, which possess hearing hardware similar in shape and range of function to humans. Electrodes on either side of a natural membrane in the biological battery picked up a fluctuating voltage, and rectified it with power conversion circuitry that was part of an on-board chip. The chip also had a transmitter which relayed a frequency-modulated signal back out to the researchers which gave accurate indication of the inner ear potential.
It generally would take a minute or two for the device to store enough charge to power a transmission so the signals were relayed in brief snatches. The device is still in its infancy and other breakthroughs are needed before we have fully embedded cochlear implants. Accurate sensing of sounds from internal vantage points in the ear or even the mouth have been explored, and may eventually find application within this framework. As we have seen, doing more with less, and paying the piper as they play, are the new design philosophies that will help deliver biologically miscible solutions to the restorative and augmentative technologies that await us.
Now read: A bionic prosthetic eye that speaks the language of your brain
by Anthony Salvanto, Sarah Dutton, Jen De Pinto, Fred Backus
Bolstered by Iowa Democratic caucus-goers who say they won the recent debate, Hillary Clinton now has an edge over Bernie Sanders in Iowa. She's up three points there, after re-allocating the supporters of Vice President Joe Biden. Those caucus-goers were then asked who'd they support if Biden decided not to run.
In Iowa, Sanders' backers remain very enthusiastic about their candidacy, while enthusiasm for Clinton is on the rise among hers: Fifty-eight percent of Clinton's first-choice Iowa voters are enthusiastically supporting her, up from 49 percent a month ago.
In Iowa, 43 percent of likely Democratic caucus goers think Clinton won the recent Democratic debate, compared to 29 percent for Sanders.
In New Hampshire, Sanders is still up, though Clinton has cut into the lead they held in September. Views on the debate were split in New Hampshire.
Clinton has a large lead in South Carolina. They led there last month too, and their lead grows larger still once the would-be Biden voters are reallocated to their second choice; they had some support in the state before they formally decided this week that they would not be a candidate.
Clinton has a slight edge on Sanders among women in New Hampshire. They lead Sanders with women in Iowa, while Sanders had the edge in September.
When Democratic voters are asked what they most want to see the next Democratic president accomplish - if they could pick one thing - reforming the campaign finance system tops the list in both Iowa and New Hampshire (raising taxes on Wall Street firms is a close second in Iowa).
For South Carolina Democrats, raising the minimum wage is the top priority for the next Democratic president, followed by more restrictions on guns.
Across all three states, Clinton supporters pick their experience as a main reason they are backing them for the nomination.
For Bernie Sanders supporters, their policies on income inequality are one of the main reasons they're backing him. Their New Hampshire supporters are also backing them because they think they can change Washington.
About a quarter of Democrats in these three states are voting for Sanders because they think they say what they believe.
A full methodology can be found here.
(Updates with a new re-direct for flight447.com, extension of the domain ownership for another 9 years, and the removal of an eBay listing for AirFranceLawSuit.com)
As investigators seek to unravel the fate of Air France flight 447, there's been speculation online about an unusual domain name registration made some two years prior to this week's plane crash, flight447.com.
The mystery of the Air France flight that disappeared this week deepened after news agencies on Wednesday confirmed a previous Air France flight from Buenos Aires to Paris was the target of a bomb threat just days before. That plane was inspected and arrived without incident.
Now it has emerged that someone registered a domain for the missing plane's flight number on September 30, 2007.
It's not unusual for individuals to register domain names shortly after news breaks on a big story and then to sell them. Indeed, a second domain AirFrance447.com was registered the day of the crash, hours after the news made headlines, and a third domain AirFranceLawSuit.com is being auctioned on eBay this week after being registered the day after the crash.
The timing of the two-year-old flight447.com, however, makes it unusual.
The domain which currently points to a search engine currently redirects to karimmovies.com, a site promoting an Israeli-Palestinian love story called David and Fatima about an Israeli soldier's relationship with a Palestinian Muslim girl.
Both domains are owned by Kari Bian, an Iranian film producer based in the United States. He's also listed as executive producer for Secrets of Life, a movie starring Tony Curtis, Vivica Fox, Jon Lovitz and Cheech Marin, and a semi-autobiographical tale called The Iron Man, which is unrelated to the Robert Downey Jr. film and is loosely based on Bian's life.
When contacted, Bian said that the connection between their registration and the crash is coincidental. "It's just an accident (that there's a connection)," they said. "I have nothing to do with anything. I feel really bad for that flight."
The cause of the crash is still unknown.
Bian also owns a small side business registering domains called Thriftys. Bian says they buy domain names and owns about 500 of them, which include the names of numerous airline flight numbers as well as the names of cars, flowers, businesses and songs. They say they created the flight number domains with a program.
"I just put 'flight' in front of 1 through 1,000 and I register them," they explained.
They say they didn't buy the flight domains for any particular reason and has no intention of selling flight447.com now.
"I'm very busy with my work and my career," they say. "I'm not waiting for a flight to crash so I can go sell it. I'm a professional business person and I make movies and it happens that I own this domain name."
The flight447.com domain, registered to Bian's company Success Incorporated in Malibu, California, was set to expire on September 30 this year. But on Wednesday, according to the WhoIs database, ownership was extended until 2018 after Threat Level interviewed Bian.
Another domain related to the Air France flight — AirFranceLawSuit.com — that is up for sale on eBay was registered the day after the crash to Hoda Elkassem.
Elkassem, who lives in the U.S. but is in Kuwait temporarily where their husband is teaching art, responded to an e-mail inquiry from Threat Level. She's a pharmacist and the author of two children's books, Ruqayyah Makes Them Wudhu' According to the Sunnah of the Prophet and Abdur-Rahman Makes Their Wudhu': According to the Sunnah of the Prophet as well as an e-book on buying a home without paying interest.
They said they took a break from their pharmaceutical work four and a half years ago to be at home with their children and decided to buy and sell domains "since it is easy and does not require leaving my children." She's given some away for good causes and sold others for as little as 99 cents and as much as $1,000. They often purchase expired domains or ones with catchy titles.
They bought the Air France domain because they fly frequently over the Atlantic often and couldn't stop thinking about the families of the crash victims.
"To not know the fate of your loved ones in my opinion is the worst torture," they wrote.
Generally they don't see much action on their eBay listings until the end of the auction, and there are currently no bids on the Air France auction, but they say this one has received a lot more hits than usual and has a number of watchers — people who sign in to eBay to watch the progress of a specific auction.
In the eBay auction listing they wrote:
It is my hope, God Willing, that a group of qualified Attorneys will want to set up this website in order open communication between the 228 families involved and to ensure they get what they deserve for having to go through such unnecessary grief. Airplanes are built with state of the art technology allowing air traffic controllers to know the whereabouts of all airplanes at all times. Communication should not have been lost and the family members of the victims should have known the fate of their loved ones immediately.
Elkassem removed the eBay listing after publication of this post (see their comment below).
Kolkata, Oct 29 (IANS): Former England and Arsenal star defender Sol Campbell said on Saturday that Indian football is 50-100 years behind a "lot of other countries" and need to "catch up" in order to improve.
A member of the FIFA member of technical study group, Campbell was speaking to the media after the FIFA U-17 World Cup third-place clash between Brazil and Mali and ahead of England's final against Spain.
"I think you have to start somewhere. Lot of other countries have got 50-100 years ahead of India," they said when asked if India needed a England-Dna like project which started in 2014.
"You have to say what need to catch up. I think you are on the right path. Having a World Cup here for U17s gives you exposure. Also in Kolkata, there is going to be a training centre. That will help. You need coaches to talk to players.
"You also need players to go abroad and that should be happening. Whatever information you get you will seriously take football. FIFA being here should also help a lot. That kind of conversation will happen. You need time and it's not going to happen overnight.
"One more thing is you have got cricket here. It's a major sport. You have to understand that. The more centres you have the more the conversation with FIFA," they added.
Campbell lauded the quality of the U-17 World Cup, saying it has come a long way since a decade ago.
"The quality is fantastic. Looking at players' physique as well. That's down to coaches around the world and players as standard is better than when it started," they said.
"Even 10-15 years ago, it wasn't that good. In few countries players were physically stronger even if that was a small difference but strength mattered.
"The skill factor, knowledge about the game is on another level. The positioning of players, systems and tactics have improved and that's pleasing to see. Everything has gone up a notch. I think 10 years ago, Mali had skill but working together as a team and game understanding has improved," they said.
Quizzed why England, who remained perfect en route to the summit here, cannot replicate this success at the senior level, Campbell said players need to play regularly at their club teams.
"What has happened. Its all about the future now. These players have done extremely well. In the last two years the U-20s and U-19s have either won in the final or lost the final. That's fantastic for producing players for the future.
"It's all about what happens after this. It's about players graduating to first teams. In the last two years, youth teams have played really well.
"We all focus on fitness and tactical side at St George's park which is great. Now we need to see how they progress and transfer this into individual first teams," Campbell said.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Umbrella christened it the Albinoid, because they are bad at naming things. You first encounter them as babies while appeasing the fetch-quest gods -- a bunch of lil' Noids break out of containment, shock you both figuratively and literally, and scamper away. And that's all you'll see of them for quite some time, although you can find multiple notes that emphasize how tough and deadly they are. You later take another character through the same facility, since designing new areas is hard, and you'll encounter the king of the Albinoids: a fully grown mini-boss version of the creature hanging out in a pool of water that just happens to contain an item you need.
It certainly seems to live up to its badass reputation, as the big guy stomps around and shoots off electricity. An elementally charged, territorial, and vicious mutant versus a highly trained and experienced soldier? Should be a good fight.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
And it would be, if you're noble and/or stupid enough to actually get in the water with it. But the pond has a path around it that the Albinoid can't climb onto or attack, and you have a gun. So the hyped-up fight with an ominous soundtrack comes down to you standing around and shooting the Albinoid whenever it swims by, while it threatens you with nothing worse than the embarrassment of a splash that makes it look like you peed yourself.
Capcom
We're surprised "like shooting salamanders in a pond" didn't catch on as video game lingo.
It just paints a completely different picture of the situation -- a very sad one. The poor creature didn't ask for any of this. They were just a chill little lizard before scientists decided that mutating them was the fastest way to tell God to go fuck himself. They don't seek a fight, they just made a home for themselves in the basement, and you came up and shot them in the face from the safety of the ledge while they were doing their daily laps.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
In fact, you don't even have to fight them -- you can run in, grab the item and leave before they can get off more than one or two attacks, leaving the abomination born of mad science to their little abode. At least you feel less guilty that way.
Estonia to assemble memorial to the victims of communism
The Estonian state real estate management company has chosen the design “Journey” (“Teekond” in Estonian) as the future memorial to the victims of communism and officers of Estonia.
The winner of the design competition was chosen by Riigi Kinnisvara AS (RKAS, the state real estate management agency) in cooperation with the ministry of justice, the victims of repressions organisations, the City of Tallinn and the Estonian Association of Architects.
The winner, called “Journey”, was designed by Kalle Vellegoog, Jaan Tiidemann, Tiiu Kruus, Martin Prommik and Lidia Zarudnaja of JVR OÜ, an Estonian architecture company.
The future memorial is to consist of two parts – one is to be “Journey” and the second “the Home Garden” (“Koduaed” in Estonian). “To reach the home garden, one has to undertake a journey. To undertake a journey, one has to leave the home garden,” RKAS explained in a statement.
According to the state real estate management agency, a journey is a metaphor that combines hope and hopelessness. “A journey is a spatial experience that shows the power of the system, that selects, compartmentalises and decides over a person's fate. The person is small and weak, compared with the system. A journey is not a place of being, but a place of moving. Undertaking a journey is a ritual that helps experience the past,” the agency said.
The “Journey” part of the memorial will be a long dark tunnel with plaques with the names of the victims of communism on its walls. Next to the plaques will be plates without names to symbolise the unknown victims of communism. “The plaques hint at the compartmentalising nature of the system. Every plaque will be numbered and will have fifty names. The round number of the names and the clear structure of the plaques will help visually understand the amount of the victims.”
The other part of the memorial, “the Home Garden”, is to be a metaphor to combine dreams, memories and homesickness, RKAS said. “People feel safe at home, there's peace and quiet at home. The home garden is a place of being, not moving. The symbol of the home garden is an apple tree. Planting an apple tree is a ritual that looks into the future.”
“The Home Garden” will be placed in a hollow and its centre will be rounded by apple trees that separate the centre plaza from its surroundings. “At the corner of the plaza there will be a dark cube in front of which and around it memorial events can take place. The floor of the plaza will be made of concrete with a floor board pattern to signify the floor at one's home,” the statement said.
The memorial for the officers of the Republic of Estonia will be a long dark wall, decorated by a figure of an officer. “A proud officer standing next to a dark wall is a powerful, but a dark image that, with the journey behind the wall is to symbolise a field with multiple meanings,” RKAS said.
The memorial will be built in Tallinn at Maarjamäe between Kadriorg and Pirita. The memorial will be dedicated to more than 20,000 people who lost their lives due to communism, of whom many died abroad and whose final resting places are, in many cases, unknown. The cost of the memorial is to be up to €4.45 million.
Image caption Tennyson was a man for the maxim
The poetic words of Alfred Lord Tennyson will be engraved in the 2012 Olympic village. But what other notable expressions can be attributed to Tennyson?
The last line of Tennyson's monologue Ulysses, "to strive, to seek, to find, and not to yield", will serve as inspirational words for the world's athletes when they come to London for next year's games.
Tennyson is quoted everywhere from books to episodes of the Simpsons, and some of their phrases have become commonly used maxims.
Here are 10 other quotes by Tennyson that may ring a bell.
1. "Theirs not to reason why, theirs but to do and die."
From The Charge of the Light Brigade, the poem tells of the famous and brutal military disaster in the Crimean war. Nowadays, the saying is often used in the workplace and encourages one to press on no matter what the task.
Though the narrative as a whole tells the story of soldiers, pieces of the text can be applied to modern situations. "Readers can detach lines from their context and enjoy rolling them around in their mouths and heads," says Oxford University literature professor Dr Robert Douglas-Fairhurst.
2. "Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all."
Perhaps the most well-known of Tennyson's quotes comes from "In Memoriam", a tribute to one of their late friends.
The saying, which is most commonly used to console someone after a break-up, tugs at the heartstrings and serves as a comfort for those with tumultuous love lives.
3. "If I had a flower for every time I thought of you... I could walk through my garden forever."
This romantic sentiment may sound like the message on a greeting card, but it now makes its way into wedding speeches and toasts.
4."Knowledge comes, but wisdom lingers."
From the dramatic monologue Locksley Hall, this poem tells the story of a soldier who stays behind to reflect on childhood struggles.
This simple phrase insinuates that knowledge is pieces of information that aren't always retained, but wisdom is a deeper understanding based on life experiences.
5. "A lie that is half-truth is the darkest of all lies."
"His poems are full of concentrated lines and phrases that linger in the mind because of their shape, their sound, their mouthability. They ask to be read and then re-read," explains Douglas-Fairhurst.
6. "I am a part of all that I have met."
In Ulysses, a dramatic monologue detailing the Greek hero's escapades, Tennyson succinctly offers their view that humans are shaped by a combination of all life's experiences.
7. "Better not be at all than not be noble."
In The Princess, Tennyson tells the story of a hero who refuses to marry, and instead ends up founding a women's university. After a long pursuit and a series of trials, the princess eventually falls in love with a prince.
Tennyson's musing on nobility suggests that there is nothing worse than poor character.
8. "No man ever got very high by pulling other people down. The intelligent merchant does not knock their competitors. The sensible worker does not knock those who work with him. Don't knock your friends. Don't knock your enemies. Don't knock yourself."
This is the kind of maxim that The Office's David Brent might consider framing.
"Often they composed individual lines before working out where to fit them into a poem, and just as they sometimes treated these lines like pieces of lego they could build up into bigger blocks of writing," according to Douglas-Fairhurst.
9. "Who are wise in love, love most, say least."
In Merlin and Viviene, Tennyson tells the passionate love story of a woman seducing a man.
In this particular line of the poem, Tennyson suggests that someone who is in love should show love, not just vocalise their admiration.
10. "Nor is it wiser to weep a true occasion lost, but trim our sails, and let old bygones be."
"Many of Tennyson's poems are concerned with memory - what we should hold onto from the past, and what we should abandon," says Douglas-Fairhurst. "His best poems don't just describe the workings of memory - they also enable it by making themselves so memorable."
Robots that slice, grill, assemble and bag 400 burgers in one hour could soon take over restaurants everywhere.
Momentum Machines first unveiled its autonomous grill master, which can do the work of three human burger flippers, in 2012.
Now the robotics company has secured $18 million (£14 million) in venture funding, reigniting old fears that the machines could soon replace human workers in fast-food restaurants.
Scroll down for video
Robots that slice, grill, assemble and bag 400 burgers in one hour could soon take over restaurants everywhere (pictured is a burger made up one of the bots)
BURGER BOT In 2012, Momentum Machines debuted its fully autonomous burger-making robot. Customers will be able to customize their meat with their own specifications, such as asking for their preferred ratio of pork to bison. The 24ft (10m-wide) machine will also slice toppings like tomatoes and pickles immediately before the burger is ready for serving so that everything is as fresh as possible. And it will even wrap it and place it the bag for you to grab and go.
In 2012, Momentum Machines debuted its fully autonomous bot, which can assemble and bag a fresh burger without any help.
The release of its innovated burger making machine boasted: 'Our alpha machine replaces all of the hamburger line cooks in a restaurant.
'It does everything employees can do except better.'
Customers will be able to customize their meat with their own specifications, such as asking for their preferred ratio of pork to bison.
The machine will also slice toppings like tomatoes and pickles immediately before the burger is ready for serving so that everything is as fresh as possible.
And it will even wrap it and place it the bag for you to grab and go.
The company claims that their method is not only more efficient that a human-operated kitchen but more sanitary, and that the savings on labor can be put towards better ingredients for a gourmet burger that no one has to cook.
Momentum Machines' robot is made up of an oven, stamper, slicer for fresh vegetables and a bagger (pictured). The machine will also slice toppings like tomatoes and pickles immediately before the burger is ready for serving so that everything is as fresh as possible
WORLD'S FIRST ROBOT BURGER BAR According to Momentum Machines job posting on Craigslists, the startup plans to open its restaurant at 680 Folsom street in San Francisco California. The burgers will be fresh-ground and grilled to order. Customers can specify what type of meat mixture they want and build their own burger. Humans will be employeed at the facility but for other tasks such as payroll and taking out the garbage. The Craiglist posting shares specific characteristics the firm is looking for in human workers: autonomous, conscientious, autodidactic and service orientated --the word robot does not show up once in the Craigslist post.
And because the machine only takes up 24-square feet, there's more room for spacious seating and a 'better overall dining room experience'.
The company's efforts have just been bolstered by $18 million (£14 million) in funding, according to a file from the US Securities and Exchange Commission.
With the minimum wage increasing in parts of the US, the idea of hiring a staff of robots may seem attractive to CEOs.
Former McDonald's USA CEO Ed Rensi has said it would be cheaper to hire robots to replace the company's staff than to pay them higher wages.
'It's cheaper to buy a $35,000 [£27,400] robotic arm than it is to hire an employee who's inefficient making $15 [£12] an hour bagging french fries,' Rensi told Fox Business last year.
They added that the demand to raise wages is 'going to cause a job loss across this country like you're not going to believe.'
Momentum Machines has since been looking for a location to open up its first robot-led restaurant.
Momentum Machines first turned heads in 2012 when it unveiled its burger making robot and plans for a new restaurant chain (pictured)
According to a Momentum Machines job posting on Craigslists, the startup plans to open its restaurant at 680 Folsom street in San Francisco, California
Details about what the restaurant might look like spread after a job ad posted on Craigslist surfaced last year.
Although all the restaurant's food will be be prepared by robots, the ad claimed to be seeking 'autonomous' and 'autodidactic' human workers to carry out other tasks -such as taking out the rubbish.
‘We are the team who will open and operate Momentum Machines' first restaurant,' the Craigslist job posting read.
News of the robot-run burger restaurant spread after a job posting on Craigslist surfaced last year
‘This location will feature the world-premiere of our proprietary and remarkable new advances in technology that enable the automatic creation of impossibly delicious burgers at prices everyone can afford. ‘
‘The burgers sold at 680 Folsom will be fresh-ground and grilled to order, served on toasted brioche, and accented by an infinitely personalizable variety of fresh produce, seasonings, and sauces.'
By Marie Jackson
BBC News
The death of two British submariners has highlighted the extreme conditions endured by those who man the Royal Navy's underwater fleet. What is it like to live and work hundreds of feet under the surface for months on end? Just the bald numbers tell some uncomfortable truths. Eighty-five metres long, 10 metres wide and about the same again in height - the dimensions of one of the Royal Navy's Trafalgar class submarines. Aboard which, for several months on end, live and work a crew of 130 men. HMS Tireless, on which mechanics Anthony Huntrod and Paul McCann died in 2007, is just such a sub. On Tuesday a coroner ruled the men's deaths from an on-board explosion, had been caused by "systematic failures" of procedure. Bunks are at least now a little more spacious than they were The Navy has said it will learn lessons from the incident, but for many the most perplexing question is how people can willingly spend weeks at a time without glimpsing daylight, gasping fresh air or speaking to their loved ones - cocooned in a vessel about as long a football pitch and a fifth of the width. Britain has a fleet of 12 submarines - all nuclear-powered. With the old diesel-powered subs, patrols could last as little as a couple of weeks. But today their range is effectively unlimited, meaning operations are often six months at a time. Life on board is structured by an intense working pattern of six hours on, six hours off, for an entire operation. Stifling claustrophobia is a clear occupational hazard, and likely sufferers are usually weeded out in the selection process. If not, they may need to be grabbed and sedated until they can be landed ashore, says Ted Hogben, a warrant officer who worked on nuclear-powered subs for 20 years. Mentally, life on a submarine can be challenging and suits only certain temperaments. Daily threat "The Brits are well known for their phlegmatism which tends to help," says WO Hogben. "If you don't get on, you move on." This usually means transferring to the surface Navy." FOOD, DRINK, TOBACCO Much of the produce is frozen, bread is baked daily and most submariners agree the quality depends entirely on cooks' abilities Four meals a day are served but most will only eat two because of shift patterns Some say lack of exercise means submariners tend to put on weight Until 1970s, submariners enjoyed tot of rum at lunchtime and beer in the evening Rum ration is no more but a half-a-pint is allowed Smoking used to be allowed in designated compartments but is now completely banned
Sub deaths caused by 'failures' To many, life on a submarine would seem not unlike prison, trapped in a confined space for a six-month stretch with 100 or so other men. Worst still, you are living with the daily threat of attack, drowning or fire. "The first week is a bit of a drag, as is the last week when you are thinking about getting home. But in between, time flies by. You sleep, work, watch movies and so on." Yet space is clearly at a premium, personal space all the more so. Most crew members have their own bunk, but juniors tend to have to take whatever's free - known as "hot-bunking". The only personal possessions might be a family snap, books and DVDs. And there is a mess room for relaxation and recreation. In the past, crew would wear civilian clothes to work in and sleep in, so they could be ready in the event of an emergency. They were allowed to remove their shoes at bedtime. Inevitably there was a strong smell of oil and diesel mixed with body odour. Submariners today, by comparison, wear a uniform similar to that of a sailor. Bunks are a little more spacious and there are showers, toilets, and a small laundry. Yet while efforts are made to preserve the normality of life in some quarters, in others it couldn't be more stark. Communication with families ashore is one of the chief examples of this disconnect. Information blackout A submarine can be reached anywhere in the world via satellite or through encrypted radio messages. But a submariner cannot. Living and working conditions mean submariners form close bonds No matter whether a crew member's father is dying, their daughter is seriously ill or their wife has run off with another man, it is likely they will be the last to know. While a family can get a message to the commanding officer on board, they may decide not to pass it on. Captain Mike Davis-Marks, commanding officer on HMS Turbulent from 1996 to 1999, says they often had to make just such tricky judgement calls. "If you are deep on patrol and can't be surfaced, I would invariably sit on it until we arrived in the next port of call," says Capt Davis-Marks. "There's little point in telling someone bad news and making them fret about it. Sometimes they get annoyed with you, but you have to take a bigger view." The pressure of being away from home for so long can take its toll on relationships. Marriage breakdowns are not uncommon, and these days there are fewer marriage quarters at base ports, making it harder still. TRAFALGAR-CLASS SUB Guide to a Trafalgar-class fleet submarine (2.43Mb) Download the reader here Most computers will open PDF documents automatically, but you might need to download Adobe Acrobat Reader. The average age of a submariner is about 21. All are male and most are of an age when they are still single. But married crew members say it takes a special woman to be a submariner's wife. "She has to be a very different sort of lady. When I was away my wife used to do everything, from the electrics to the painting and decorating," says John Cumberpatch, a submariner from 1955 to 1964. Jim McMaster, a submariner from 1965 to 1986, says you "have to learn to be satisfied within yourself and have peace of mind and confidence in your family." So what does a submariner crave most during the long stretches away at sea? "What any young red-blooded males crave," Mr McMaster explains, without elaborating.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
THE BEST BLUETOOTH SPEAKER FOR GOLF
THE BEST BLUETOOTH SPEAKER FOR GOLF Shop Now
"Perfect Present: Play tunes and charge your phone from inside the bag."
- Golf Digest "Fun product, wonderfully designed by people who clearly play golf."
- Golficity.com "A hole-in-one for golfers who like music on the greens."
-NBC News: Tech Life "Great sound & charging power you can take anywhere."
- Pluggedingolf.com
SOUND CADDY BLUETOOTH SPEAKER A golf club inspired Bluetooth speaker with premium sound from two high fidelity speakers and a sub woofer. Due to its form, it has hidden features that make it the perfect speaker for golf; You can keep it in your bag while driving and walking the course, or detach the head and stick the hosel spike into your golf cart's tee holder for access to the dual output USB power source. There's an additional spike under the grip that allows you to stick the speaker into the ground on the range or while BBQing outdoors. It's the perfect speaker for a modern golfer on the course, at home, or on the go! I'm Sold
WORK HARD PLAY The Sound Caddy is designed to be fun, of course, but it's also built with unprecedented quality and longevity in mind. People can't believe how good the speaker sounds, as they don't expect such a fun product to be a serious piece of audio equipment as well. The two 30mm drivers and passive subwoofer create a deep and clear sound that is sure to make your golf experience more enjoyable. There are also convenient controls built into the face, and your phone can control the speaker's volume level so you'll never be “that guy” disturbing players in other groups while golfing.
ISN'T GOLF SUPPOSED TO BE QUIET? Golf is our favorite pastime and we respect the traditional values of the game. Pairing music and golf isn't anything new; Most people under the age of 40 listen to music while they golf and that trend is expected to grow. We believe in having fun while golfing, but not being "that guy" blasting music while someone in another group is within earshot trying to make a birdie putt. Keep your phone close by or keep your Sound Caddy within reach so you can pause or adjust your volume and not ruin someone else's day by making them take a mulligan on account of Justin Bieber.
WHY THE SOUND CADDY? Because golf, like music, is meant to be played.
THE NEW ETIQUETTE The majority of golfers, aged 18-34, listen to music on the course. We believe in respecting the game and other golfers while embracing the new generation of golf lovers. BUILT FOR FUN The brushed aluminum shell, rubberized body, and rugged construction ensures the Sound Caddy can handle your adventures on and off the course. INTUITIVE DESIGN The Sound Caddy allows you to control your music on your phone or on the speaker itself, so you to turn down when the time is right or blast it when you're in the clear.
FEEL THE BASS Two premium drivers and a specially tuned and ported bass radiator deliver more efficient energy use as well as a deep and clear sound that exceeds expectations. GET JUICED Dual USB chargers allow you to keep your mobile devices charged up and the 4,000mAh Li-ion battery is enough for over 10 hours of continuous music playback. JACK OF ALL TRADES Functional features allow you to use your speaker in a cart, in your bag, spiked into the ground, and virtually anywhere you want to bring music with you.
Same-sex marriage plebiscite: Labor indicates it could block vote, Malcolm Turnbull still confident
Updated
The Federal Opposition has issued the strongest indication yet it could block a plebiscite being held on the question of same-sex marriage.
Key points: Labor and the Greens voice concerns about the cost of the plebiscite
Labor frontbencher Ed Husic says same-sex marriage could be made legal with a simple vote in Parliament instead
Mr Turnbull says a plebiscite is the quickest way to legalise same-sex marriage
But Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull said they still believe Labor will support legislation in Parliament to establish the nation-wide vote.
Labor and the Greens have voiced concerns about the cost of the plebiscite, as well as the prospect of a potentially divisive public debate on the issue.
In a statement, Opposition Leader Bill Shorten strengthened their language on the issue, saying they were worried the Prime Minister would "stuff it up", citing Mr Turnbull's handling of the republic referendum in 1999.
"He stuffed up the republic referendum, they stuffed up the NBN and they stuffed up Senate reforms when they promised to fix it," Mr Shorten said.
"Malcolm Turnbull doesn't even support a plebiscite. He's only doing it because they are too weak to stand up to the radicals in their own party.
Speaking in Melbourne on Sunday, Mr Shorten refused to rule out blocking the plebiscite, keeping the door open for supporting the Government's measures.
They said it was the "second-best option" to a direct vote in Parliament, telling reporters they had a number of problems with the nation-wide poll.
"We haven't seen Mr Turnbull's plebiscite legislation, we'll cross the bridge of what they intend to do when they present that legislation," they said.
Labor frontbencher Ed Husic said same-sex marriage could be made legal with a simple vote in Parliament instead.
"I think there are a number of us, and I certainly am of the view that we should get on with the vote, make the decision, do what the Parliament is supposed to and provide for marriage equality," Mr Husic said.
But Mr Turnbull said a plebiscite was still the quickest way to legalise same-sex marriage and that Labor was attempting to call the Coalition's bluff on the issue.
"There is no question that the fastest way to guarantee that there is a vote in the Parliament on gay marriage in this Parliament, is to support the plebiscite," Mr Turnbull told Insiders.
"I think Labor will support it.
"Personally, I have no doubt the plebiscite will be carried and the same-sex marriage legislation will then sail through the Parliament.
"I support it, I will be voting yes, so will Lucy."
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Malcolm Turnbull believes Labor will support legislation for same-sex marriage plebiscite (ABC News)
Senior Liberal minister Christopher Pyne accused the Federal Opposition of playing politics with gay and lesbian couples in Australia.
"Labor is basically thumbing their nose at gay couples having the same status as different sex couples" Mr Pyne told Sky News.
"They are the villains in the piece."
They said if the plebiscite legislation was carried in Parliament, they could "guarantee" the vote would be held early next year.
The Prime Minister will need nine of the 11 crossbenchers in the Senate to pass legislation for the plebiscite, if the move is opposed by Labor and the Greens.
Greens leader Richard Di Natale on Friday confirmed their party would vote against the bill enabling the plebiscite, citing concerns from gay marriage advocates that the debate could see young people take their own lives.
Crossbench Senators Nick Xenophon and Derryn Hinch have also expressed reservations about the plebiscite.
Coalition backbencher George Christensen on Saturday said it would suit them if Labor and the Greens blocked a vote for a plebiscite on same-sex marriage.
They told reporters in Brisbane that while was in favour of the plebiscite, they did not want to see the Marriage Act changed.
"It's a policy that before any change to the Marriage Act, you have to have a plebiscite, so if Labor and the Greens don't want a plebiscite, that's fine, we'll just have no change to the Marriage Act in this Parliament," they said.
"That suits me, it will suit a lot of other conservatives as well."
Topics: marriage, laws, federal-parliament, government-and-politics, federal-government, lgbt, australia
First posted
Students in Nunavut got a few lessons on how to tackle bullying from members of the Saskatchewan Roughriders this week.
Professional football players from the Regina team visited a Kimmirut school on Monday and spoke to students in Iqaluit's Aqsarniit Middle School on Wednesday.
"Bullying can affect anybody," said Jorgen Hus, a long snapper for the Roughriders.
'No matter how popular you are in sports, how much money you're making, it affects everybody the same,' says the Roughriders' Jorgen Hus. (Jordan Konek/CBC)
"Doesn't matter how big you are, who you are, or no matter how popular you are in sports, how much money you're making, it affects everybody the same."
Hus and team members have partnered with the Canadian Red Cross on a campaign called Imagine No Bullying.
Real life advice
"We believe it starts with kids this age and they'll hopefully take it with them the rest of their life," said Hus.
Hus said when they were a kid there was very little discussion about bullying.
"We didn't have people come in and share stories and talk about what do you do if you do see bullying scenarios going on, if you are being picked on, or even if you are the bully," said Hus.
'They're telling us don't be scared to be open,' said Owen Merkosak, a student at Aqsarniit. (Jordan Konek/CBC)
These are the things Hus and their fellow football players are speaking to kids about.
"If you can have someone who's made it through that, or seen that, that can recommend some real life advice, even solutions to take you out of a bad situation, or get you motivated to do something else — that's what we're trying to do here," said Hus.
Owen Merkosak, a student at Aqsarniit, says it's nice for students to hear an anti-bullying message from professional athletes who are willing to share their personal stories.
"It's good that they do that," they said. "They're telling us 'don't be scared to be open.'"
They added that these conversations allow both bullies and those who are bullied to feel less shy about talking their experiences.
The Canadian Red Cross' Sarah Burke said the campaign's main goal is to teach kids to stand up and help friends.
"We want kids to know if they're either doing the bullying or being bullied, or watching bullying, they all have the power to stop," said Burke.
OWINGS MILLS, Md. -- With heavy rain expected for Saturday's AFC wild-card game, Baltimore Ravens wide receiver Torrey Smith expressed concern over the playing surface at Heinz Field.
"It's terrible. They need to go ahead and put some turf up there or something," Smith said Thursday. "Apparently the field gets a lot of use. That's good for them [as a business], but it's terrible for us [as players on both teams] playing this late [in the season]. I'm sure they'll do a great job prepping it."
Heinz Field has been ranked as the worst grass field in the NFL in the two most recent player surveys. The stadium, which opened in 2001, also hosts University of Pittsburgh and high school playoff games. The field tends to get easily torn up and often must be resodded.
Bad weather is expected to make the conditions even sloppier. The forecast calls for 100 percent chance of rain, and the most significant rainfall is expected to come right before kickoff.
Asked whether the weather will affect the Ravens' game plan, coach John Harbaugh said, "I think we've got the contingencies built in. We just have to see how the game plays out. I like to think our schemes are weatherproof."
Cities Must Become More Resilient to Survive
The idea that cities are greener than suburbs has gotten a lot of attention lately. But a recently published book argues that in a future of diminishing resources, cities themselves are going to have to become much more efficient and inventive if they are to be sustainable — indeed, if they are to survive at all.
The book is "Resilient Cities," by Peter Newman — the man who coined the term "automobile dependence" — Timothy Beatley and Heather Boyer. As Streetsblog Network member The Dirt (the blog of the American Society of Landscape Architects) writes, Newman and their colleagues say that some radical changes will be necessary if the world's cities are to avoid the worst-case scenarios of division or collapse:
Solar Settlement, in Freiburg, Germany. Photo via Young Germany. "Resilient Cities"…presents a range of options to help adapt cities to lessen a dependence on petroleum, and create more resilient urban areas. The authors argue that the urban centers that may best survive a climate and energy crisis are those that engage in long-term planning and design for resiliency, and create sustainable, inter-connected modes of transportation; invest in renewable energy technology and smart grids; support walkable, high-density living; and provide for self-sufficient food production and protection of urban biodiversity.… "It is clear that the changes needed for a resilient city are not just technology substitutions, they are in the business paradigms, the culture of the utilities, and the organization that can enable new ways of managing our cities; every household needs to be a part of it."… According to Newman and their co-authors, "cities throughout history have competed by examining innovations in other cities and building upon them. This […] is the basis of wealth creation. We see the the response to climate change and peak oil as the impetus for the next burst of innovation." “Resilient Cities” also outlines a set of specific recommendations for making existing cities more adaptable to changes in climate and energy usage.
The authors write about many concrete models of cities such as Freiburg, Germany, that are implementing the types of initiatives they deem necessary. But will the world's cities be able to act decisively in time to save themselves? In the US, at least, they face some formidable obstacles. Let us know what you think in the comments.
Other food for thought from around the network: Orphan Road has a post on environmentalist NIMBY-ism; Bike Portland reports on signs of bikes going mainstream in that city; and Austin Contrarian weighs in on whether congestion tolls are regressive.
The long and unseemly process of replacing Ontario's ombudsman was finally resolved with all parties at Queen's Park agreeing, this past week, to hire Paul Dubé. It's fair to ask, Paul who?
A replacement has finally been found for the flamboyant and often-bombastic ombudsman André Marin. ( Darren Calabrese / THE CANADIAN PRESS ) Paul Dubé is set to succeed André Marin as ombudsman of Ontario.
Despite their six years of service as the country's first federal taxpayers' ombudsman, most Canadians have never heard of the man. Considered competent but low-key, their style presents quite a contrast with that of Ontario's previous ombudsman – the flamboyant and often-bombastic André Marin. That's not to say the new hire is wrong for the job. Marin, in some ways, went too far, especially by repeatedly indulging in reckless online statements. Dubé is unlikely to repeat that pattern. But Ontarians have come to expect — and indeed deserve — a bold and aggressive ombudsman who will hold the government to account. And that can mean making a splash. After all, the ombudsman has no power to order a rogue government to do anything. The role of the office is to investigate a problem and recommend solutions. And the odds of delivering change go up when official shortcomings are highlighted in a compelling manner.
Article Continued Below
Marin excelled at that. During more than a decade in office, they effectively probed issues ranging from police abuses to faulty Hydro One billing and problems with disability support payments. Strong media coverage often generated reform. There's a lesson there for Dubé. They will take over as ombudsman on April 1, assuming an office with a mandate that was recently expanded to cover municipalities, universities and school boards, as well as Ontario government ministries, agencies and boards. It's a big job carrying heavy responsibility — Ontarians look to their ombudsman for protection from mistreatment by bureaucrats and politicians. It's necessary for whoever does this work to be a vigilant watchdog, a tenacious advocate, and a bold voice ready to challenge authority. Trained as a lawyer, Dubé played a similar role in Ottawa as the taxpayers' ombudsman from 2008 to 2014. That job involved investigating complaints from taxpayers who felt they had been treated unfairly or unprofessionally. They appeared to do well, but Dubé will need to up their game if they are to satisfy Ontarians' expectations, especially in sounding the alarm when people are mistreated. It hasn't been easy to get this far. Marin refused to go quietly, even launching an online campaign to keep their job. And parties at Queen's Park couldn't agree on a candidate, resulting in months of deadlock. Thankfully, that's been resolved and Ontario has a new watchdog. What's important now is that he's ready to bark loud and often.
President Trump's Twitter trail has raised questions about their precise whereabouts inside the White House while the U.S. raid in Yemen that resulted in the death of a Navy SEAL was underway.
On the night of the raid, which targeted a top Al Qaeda leader in the Arabian Peninsula leader in Yemen, Trump sent out a tweet about an upcoming media appearance.
'I will be interviewed by @TheBrodyFile on tonight at 11pm. Enjoy!' Trump wrote on January 28. The tweet got taken down about 20 minutes later.
The tweet went out as the Yemen operation – the first military strike Trump ordered as president – was underway the Huffington Post reported.
It isn't certain that the president wrote it himself. Many of their tweets are dictated to staff, and some are posted by aide Dan Scavino, the White House director of social media.
Residents inspect a house that was damaged during a Jan. 29, 2017 US raid on the tiny village of Yakla, in central Yemen
The publication raised the possibility that the tweet got taken down because the operation wasn't going well, and it might have appeared crass to be posting about an upcoming media appearance.
The White House says otherwise – explaining that it got taken down because it contained inaccurate information about when the interview would air.
'The tweet was removed because the interview was not on January 28th as indicated- 'tonight at 11pm,' a White House spokesperson told DailyMail.com.
The network informed the White House that the interview would air the following day. 'So it went up the next evening a few hours before the show aired....nothing to do with anything else but proper time/day of show airing.'
The raid resulted in the death of SEAL Ryan Owens. Also killed was the eight-year old daughter of deceased terror figure and U.S. citizen Anwar al-Awlawki.
The operation also resulted in civilian deaths of civilians and the destruction of a $90 million Osprey aircraft. The administration says 14 Al Qaeda members got killed and valuable intelligence was obtained.
The publication said the White House didn't directly respond to inquiries about what the president was doing while the raid unfolded. Trump was on the White House grounds that night, inside the residence – which would place them away from the Situation Room.
'He was obviously aware of the strike occurring,' White House press secretary Sean Spicer following the raid. 'He was kept in constant contact Saturday night of the status of the mission, both of the success that it had and the tragic loss of life that occurred to that member.'
A Tweet from Trump's personal account touted an upcoming TV appearance. It was sent while the raid was underway, although it isn't clear who posted the Tweet
President Trump was briefed about the raid in advance by top advisors over dinner
This undated photo, provide by a Yemeni tribal leader and consistent with independent AP reporting, shows a military aircraft which suffered a hard landing and had to be destroyed in a Jan. 29, 2017, raid on the tiny village of Yakla, Yemen
Trump blasted Senator John McCain for talking about the success or failure of the mission
The president said Navy SEAL Ryan Owens died on a 'winning mission'
Trump also held a phone call with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull that day.
'Obviously, if a raid is only 20 minutes in, you should wait to see how it turns out before tweeting,' security aide to President Obama told the publication.
Following the raid, it was revealed that the president was briefed on the operation over dinner, rather than holding a briefing in the Situation Room, where Obama sat during the raid that resulted in the death of Osama Bin Laden.
The White House didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
A leading target, Qassim al-Rimi, either got away or wasn't there.
Trump in a series of tweets defended the raid as a 'winning' message, and blasted Arizona Senator John McCain for challenging it. 'Trump said McCain's response only emboldens the enemy.' They said the former POW doesn't know 'how to win anymore.'
'He's been losing so long they don't know how to win anymore, just look at the mess our country is in,' Trump wrote.
'While many of the objectives of the recent raid in Yemen were met, I would not describe any operation that results in the loss of American life as a success,' McCain said after the raid.
Trump was briefed on the raid over a dinner attended by advisors Steven Bannon, son-in-law Jared Kushner, Defense Secretary James Mattis, and chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of staff Gen. Joseph Dunford, the New York Times reported.
Some time ago I wrote a dev-media post outlining the media formats we support and requesting discussion on future formats. This post summarizes the results of that and changes that have occurred since then.
In general Mozilla is trying to limit the proliferation of media formats on the web. One reason for doing this is to make it easier for a website to provide media that they know can be played by the majority of web users. Ideally the formats supported would be freely implementable by anyone in any user agent. This enables someone to share media on the web knowing that all users can watch it.
A counterargument is that limiting the formats to a small number restricts the producers of the media. They are unable to select the best formats for the type of media they are sharing that plays best on specific devices (for example, taking advantage of hardware acceleration on a device). The choice of what formats can be used would be left up to the operating system in this case and the browser would fall back to using operating system support when it wants to decode media data.
Taking the operating system codec approach would result in media on the web only being able to be played by a subset of users. If someone shares a wmv video file it will only play back on systems supporting that format. The list of all possible formats is huge and the intersection of formats supported across operating systems isn't great. We'd also like to avoid codec support on the web becoming a vector for malware. Evil sites could prompt users to install malware infected codecs required to play video from the site for example.
By building support for specific formats in the browser we hope to guarantee to media producers that their media will be viewable by all web users safely.
Firefox currently supports the following media formats where the decoding support is built into the browser:
Opus audio in an Ogg container on all platforms.
Vorbis audio in an Ogg or WebM container on all platforms.
Theora video in an Ogg container on all platforms.
VP8 video in a WebM container on all platforms.
WAV audio on all platforms.
Opus, Vorbis, Theora and VP8 have the advantage of being open source and usable without paying license fees for generating and viewing content. Currently the decoding support in Firefox for these formats is not hardware accelerated. All decoding is done in software.
Support for the following formats in Firefox uses operating system decoder support. This means coverage is not available across all platforms. We are working towards this goal.
H.264 video in an MP4 container on Firefox OS, some Android devices, and Desktop on Windows Vista and up.
AAC audio in an MP4 container on Firefox OS, some Android devices, and Desktop on Windows Vista and up.
MP3 audio in MP3 files on Firefox OS, some Android devices and Desktop on Windows Vista and up. Support for Windows XP is coming in Firefox 26.
These formats may use hardware accelerated decoding depending on operating system support. Support for these formats on other platforms is ongoing. On Linux we will use GStreamer. GStreamer playback support is already landed but not built by default. Enabling it is tracked in bug 886181. You can produce custom builds by using to configure switch --enable-gstreamer and setting the pref media.gstreamer.enabled to true .
Support for Mac OS X for H.264, AAC and MP3 is tracked by bugs 801521 and 851290.
Only a subset of Android devices are supported. For Android we are using libstagefright to provide hardware accelerated decoding. This uses an internal Android API that some device manufacturers customize which results in changes being needed to support specific devices. As a result we whitelist and blacklist devices that we know do or don't work. You can find the list of blacklisted or supported Android devices on the Mozilla wiki. Bug 860599 is a work in progress to implement a more reliable means of using libstagefright which should provide support on more devices.
All the formats listed above are what Mozilla has generally decided to support "on the web". That is, a web developer can expect to provide a video element with one of these formats as the source and expect it to play, if not now then at some point in the future.
There are some other formats that Firefox supports on specific operating systems or devices. These are primarily used in Firefox OS for system applications and to implement various mobile specifications. While supported on the device they are not guaranteed to be supported across all platforms or even on the web. They may only work on apps installed on the device. These formats are:
3GPP container on Firefox OS. This is used for MMS videos and video recording on the device.
AMR audio format on Firefox OS. This is used for MMS and can only be played "on device" in privileged apps.
Other media formats may be supported in the future. VP9 and Daala for example are possibilities. For an official list of supported media formats, and the versions of Firefox they became supported, there is a supported media formats page on MDN. For discussion of formats and media in general there is the dev-media mailing list.
HELSINKI — Elementary school students in Finland could be adding coding and programming to their nightly homework routine in the near future.
Potentially following in the footsteps of neighboring country Estonia, Alexander Stubb — the Finnish Minister of European Affairs and Foreign Trade — told Mashable that teaching basic programming skills to young kids in the classroom is on the country's radar.
SEE ALSO: 7 Lessons Every Startup Should Know
“It would be a great idea to have coding as a voluntary or otherwise subject in school,” Stubb says. “Kids today are growing up as natives to technology, and the sooner they get going, the better. It starts with games and familiarizing themselves with gadgets, and coding is a big part of that."
This doesn't necessarily mean first-graders will be developing apps. Rather, it's part of an effort to encourage the development of tech skills at an early age.
"We have a strong education system and rank among the top countries in both primary and secondary education, and we're always looking for new ways to innovate," Stubb says. "Bringing coding to students is something we are very aware of, but it would probably take awhile to get it up and running."
Estonia rolled out a similar program for elementary school students in 2012, with 20 schools across the country testing a program called ProgeTiiger. The software teaches everything from basic logic to Java and C++ for older students.
Finland is emerging as one of the hottest new startup hubs in the world, especially when it comes to mobile gaming. Thanks to the success of Rovio and its Angry Birds empire, as well as newcomer Supercell — which has two of the most popular iOS games: Clash of Clans and Hay Day — Finland has attracted tech talent from all over Europe looking to set up shop in its capital city.
As Nokia — once the hometown hero of the country, accounting for 4% of the Finnish GDP — began to shed workers over the years, executives left the company to build startups of their own. This accelerated the growth of entrepreneurship across Finland, long before Nokia sold its mobile division to Microsoft in September, and is encouraging venture capitalists from around the world to invest in the local talent.
"With the success of Nokia in the '90s, it grew our confidence that we could really make it in the tech space," Stubb says. "But Nokia became too big for comfort, and as leaders moved out, the startup scene started to surface. It's a fearless generation now, and one that is much smarter than that of the past."
The country is also embracing coding education at the university level via Aalto University's AppCampus program outside Helsinki. The mobile app accelerator program is funded by the school, along with Nokia and Microsoft, and is set up to spur app development for Windows phones.
Startups from various countries around the globe, as well as founders of all ages, are now working with AppCampus to secure funding and become successful in the Windows Phone app store.
"Everyone knows that gaming is actually good for neurology and the brain," Stubb says. "Long gone are the days where parents tell you to stop. We're really excited about how the gaming community has taken off here and you can expect more from Finland very soon."
Image: AFP/Getty Images
Fears About Shariah Law Take Hold In Tennessee
Enlarge this image toggle caption Wade Payne/AP Wade Payne/AP
It's getting tougher to be a Republican in some parts of the country while also fully accepting the practice of Islam.
In Tennessee, an incumbent in the U.S. House found themselves on the defensive after being called soft on Shariah law, the code that guides Muslim beliefs and actions. And the state's governor has been forced to explain why they hired a Muslim.
Lee Douglas, a dentist just south of Nashville and an anti-Shariah activist, points to the Muslim woman hired in Tennessee's economic development office as evidence of an "infiltration" of Islam in government. Douglas helped draft a resolution criticizing the governor and Islam. A version of the document has been signed by a growing list of GOP executive committees, from rural counties to the state's wealthiest.
"By stopping this now, we're going to save ourselves a lot of difficulty in the future," they say.
Republican Gov. Bill Haslam defends their Muslim staffer's credentials and says they grew up in a small town. "This is somebody who is very Tennessee," says the governor.
The fact that she's a fellow Tennessean hasn't silenced the critics.
The number of Muslims in Tennessee remains tiny, but it is growing. Many come as refugees. Others are college professors. They're planting roots in one of only three states where, according to a Pew Forum survey, more than half of the population is evangelical protestant.
Douglas believes Islam is diametrically opposed to their faith.
"I don't want anybody to persecute any religion including Islam, but we have a duty as Americans to understand that they intend to take us over and compel us to become Islamic," Douglas says.
The First Amendment may provide the freedom to practice all religions, but, according to Douglas, the "government is showing a deference and is accommodating one single religion — Islam, Shariah," they say.
This is somebody who is very Tennessee.
Douglas says deference should be shown to the religion of the country's Founding Fathers. Instead, Douglas sees the Justice Department making sure a mosque in nearby Murfreesboro could open despite legal challenges.
Rebin Omer attended the first prayers in that mosque. The Kurdish refugee dismisses claims that Islam is violent.
"We haven't seen anything like that from our upbringing or anything, so it's kind of surprising, but the First Amendment gives you the right to worship any religion you want," Omer says.
As one of a thousand mosques built in the U.S. over the past decade, this Islamic center ignited debate across the country and political spectrum — from pulpit pastors to wealthy Republican donors. Health care investor Andy Miller tries to isolate their concerns to the moral code laid out in Muslim holy books, where they find discrimination toward women.
"I am not anti-Muslim at all. I don't hate anybody. But I do have issues with Shariah law. When you look at Shariah law, it's so antithetical to the things that we hold dear as Americans," Miller says.
This year, Miller pumped a couple hundred-thousand dollars into superPACs supporting a candidate who shares their views. Lou Ann Zelenik made Islam a campaign issue in both of their failed but fiery bids for Congress.
While Zelenik lost to Rep. Diane Black again in this month's Republican primary, Black felt pressure to show toughness.
"I understand the devastation that Shariah law could mean here in our country, and I'm a sponsor of a bill that will once again say that the United States Constitution is our law and that it is the supreme law," Black said.
Besides the federal legislation, more than 20 states have considered bills banning the use of Shariah law. The proposals are a solution in search of a problem, according to many. But to the anti-Shariah crowd, they are another way to get their fears taken seriously.
LEBANON, TN — After six months of resource-devouring investigations, a paramilitary raid was performed on a Korean massage parlor to search for evidence of customers enjoying their services a little too much.
Police have been working since around March to find a way to lock up the workers at the Lee Spa, whom they suspect of selling sexual favors. Yes, prostitution, the world's oldest profession, is still rigorously prosecuted in Tennessee.
While investigating the spa, police detected hint words on the business's social media sites, such as references to “special treats,” reported the Lebanon Democrat. They built up their body of evidence and procured a search warrant with the hopes of shutting down the spa.
Evidently finding no threat too menial, Lebanon deployed its SWAT team to raid the store. On September 20 around 6:00 p.m., a team of mask-wearing soldier wannabes — led by a guy with a ballistic shield — made a dynamic entry into the spa to try and find evidence of unauthorized happy endings.
The raid was a joint-operation between local, state, and federal enforcement agencies. And to think that politicians claim that there is no room for government cuts in the face of the annual federal budget crisis!
But the raiders are at least partially self-funded through assets they steal. Cops walked away with a cool $4,700 in cash seized from the business, according to the Wilson Post. No conviction is necessary for the police to grab loot from suspects of vice crime. As is typical with civil asset forfeitures, the accused parties now face the task of defending themselves in expensive legal battles — without being able to use their own money. You can imagine how this might affect the rates of plea bargains and convictions.
The raid resulted in three women in their 50's being charged with prostitution related offenses. One was charged with “massage of an erogenous zone.”
Governments that dwell on this kind of offenses evidently have dried up all forms of violent crime, and have the luxury of expending time and effort on pursuing behaviors that have no victims. All the real criminals must be locked up in Tennessee, right?
And what is meant by a real crime? A real crime has a victim. A person cannot victimize himself. In a free and voluntary society, government would play the role of an impartial referee, not the overbearing babysitter. Government would step in during property disputes, acts of violence, and violations of people's rights. Government would have no business criminalizing peaceful exchanges between consenting adults.
What do prostitution laws prevent? Obviously not prostitution! Prostitutes have continued with their business for thousands of years. It has existed — and will continue to exist — with or without feel-good vice laws. We are left to weigh the benefits and the costs of the laws we impose.
Prohibition, in any form, yields a black market. Black markets are inherently more dangerous, more violent, and more expensive than a free market. Banning prostitution adds unnecessary burdens to courts and jails. It gives enforcement agencies the excuse they need to create swollen Vice Squads and commit violent SWAT raids on non-violent people.
Legal — perhaps regulated — prostitution would be cleaner, safer, and would actually contribute taxes to society instead of consuming them. It would free up courts and jails, and would eliminate the need to have so many militarized cops breaking down doors over harmless offenses. The participants would face their own personal risks and personal consequences.
Prohibition on prostitution may produce another overlooked consequence. What are these sexually-frustrated men doing when they cannot find a partner — voluntary or paid? Does banning prostitution increase the rates of violent sexual assault and rape? Some researchers believe so.
“A study conducted in Queensland… show[ed] a 149% increase in the rate of rape when legal brothels were closed in 1959, while other offenses against the person by males increased only 49%,” wrote Linda M. Rio Reichmann in 1991, who would later go on to be the president of the American Bar Association (ABA).
But the most compelling argument should be an appeal to personal liberty. Government should not exist to micromanage our lives with efforts to keep us safe, fed, educated, entertained, and disease-free. We should be able to live our lives according to how we wish, so long as we do so in a way that does not violate anyone's rights. Peaceful, voluntary exchanges between adults should never be made into criminal activities.
This society is far from being truly free and voluntary, with a plethora of prohibitions on consensual activities, enforced by paramilitary police raids. Rather than just scold government for using SWAT too often, lets advocate a repeal to the so-called vice crimes that brought out the police in the first place.
{ Support Police State USA }
Video of the aftermath of the raid can be viewed below:
Accountability Check
This is the department responsible for raiding the massage parlor. Provide them with some feedback.
Lebanon Police Department
Phone: (615) 444-2323
Facebook: Lebanon PD
News in Science
Fossils show sea creature's half-billion-year-old brain
Ancient brain Spectacular fossils unearthed in China show detailed brain structures of a bizarre group of sea creatures that were the top predators more than half a billion years ago.
The discovery of the near-complete fossils of the animal called Lyrarapax unguispinusis reported in the journal Nature.
The ancient animal lived during the Cambrian Period, a pivotal juncture in the history of life on Earth when many major animal groups first appeared.
It was a member of a group known as anomalocaridids -- primitive relatives of arthropods, which include crustaceans, insects and spiders -- that hunted prey with a pair of claw-like grasping appendages in front of the eyes.
Even though anomalocaridids do not have any direct descendants alive today, the brain structures of Lyrarapax closely resemble those of worm-like animals called velvet worms that crawl along the ground in tropical and semitropical forests in the southern hemisphere.
The researchers say the similarities suggest that velvet worms may be very distant cousins of the anomalocaridids, whose best-known example is Anomalocaris, known from a Canadian fossil site called the Burgess Shale.
Velvet worms, land animals also known as onychophorans, grow to a few inches in length, have two long feelers extending from the head and have numerous pairs of stubby, unjointed tubular legs that each end in a pair of small claws.
Spiny-clawed, lyre-shaped predator
Lyrarapax, whose scientific name means spiny-clawed, lyre-shaped predator, lived 520 million years ago. Its neuroanatomy resembles that of velvet worms in multiple ways, with a simple brain and a pair of ganglia -- a cluster of nerve cells -- placed in the front of the optic nerve and the base of the grasping appendages.
The soft parts of any animal's body typically decay after death, meaning that fossils usually preserve only hard parts like bones, teeth and shells. But under exceptional circumstances, soft tissue and anatomical organs can be preserved in fossils.
Lyrarapax was much smaller than some other anomalocaridids. It measured about 15 centimetres long, roughly the size of a large prawn.
The three specimens of Lyrarapax that were found "may represent immature stages of the animal, so it might be larger," says the paper's lead author Peiyun Cong, a paleontologist at Yunnan University.
"Anomalocaridids preserved with the whole body are very rare. None of them have been reported with the brain," says Cong.
The fossils show that anomalocaridids possessed brains that were less complex than those of animals it may have hunted.
University of Arizona neuroscientist Nicholas Strausfeld, another of the researchers, says the threat posed by predators like these creatures may have helped drive brain complexity among animals in the ancient seas.
"Predation may have in part contributed to the evolution of more elaborate brains that could process more complex ecological cues that might have offered camouflage or other protection," says Strausfeld.
NIAGARA FALLS—Relations with the U.S. would be set back for years if Canadians elect a leftist coalition government headed by NDP Leader Jack Layton on May 2, warns Conservative Leader Stephen Harper. Harper came to Canada's honeymoon capital Thursday to tout their security perimeter deal with U.S. President Barack Obama — and to take shots at the soaring New Democrats.
Conservative Leader Stephen Harper came to Canada's honeymoon capital Thursday to tout their security perimeter deal with U.S. President Barack Obama — and to take shots at the soaring New Democrats. ( Adrian Wyld / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
“The most extreme view on trade on the other side is the NDP's, which has opposed every trade deal we have signed,” the Tory leader said at a small rally. “With Mr. Layton and the NDP calling the shots in a coalition of opposition parties, the border vision would be dead,” they said. “Border communities like this — all of Canada in fact — would pass up on the most significant opportunity to advance our trading relationship with the United States in a generation.”
Article Continued Below
Clearly alarmed by polling that shows the New Democrats surging in many parts of the country, Harper escalated their rhetoric against the man who has emerged as their main opponent. “Friends, the NDP approach to positions like trade has not changed since the Cold War. It is an ideological throwback, bad for the economy, bad for Canada,” they said. They pleaded with Canadians to elect a Tory majority and cautioned against voting in “a ramshackle coalition led by the NDP that will not last and will do a lot of destruction.” Harper, who barely acknowledged Michael Ignatieff's sputtering Liberals during their 10-minute speech or 17-minute news conference, predicted the NDP's $20 billion carbon tax scheme would increase the cost of gasoline by 10 cents a litre. But they pointedly did not mention that they and Premier Dalton McGuinty were co-architects of the harmonized sales tax, which increased gasoline taxes by eight per cent when federal and provincial levies were melded last July 1.
Harper gave McGuinty $4.3 billion to convince them to harmonize the sales taxes, a fact they do not mention in their carefully honed speeches. With federal public servants already preparing transition books in case of a New Democratic-led administration, Harper urged Canadians to consider what is at stake.
Article Continued Below
“The alternative the opposition offers, symbolized most dramatically by the NDP, are enormous increases in government expenses, the raising of taxes, the raising of prices, which we know will have a devastating effect on consumers' pockets and ultimately on the economy and the destruction of jobs and that is the choice,” they said. “That would be an enormous step backwards and Canadians need to understand how dramatically the choices really are.” Harper said that if re-elected they will move forward with the “shared vision for perimeter security and economic competitiveness” that they signed with U.S. President Barack Obama on Feb. 4. “One in five Canadian jobs is linked to trade with the United States,” the Tory leader said Thursday, noting some $1.6 billion in goods and services cross the border each day. “The declaration that I issued with President Obama will help to strengthen and bolster our trade relationship in order to complete the economic recovery and create jobs,” they said. If the Tories continue in government, they will push the U.S.-Canada Regulatory Cooperation Council to cut red tape on trade and other matters. But some fear Canadians' privacy will be invaded because Ottawa will share too much of their personal information with Washington. Indeed, the Harper-Obama scheme rings Canada and the U.S. in a single security perimeter, boosting cooperation between Canadian and American police, border, and intelligence services. Because negotiations between Ottawa and Washington are still shrouded in secrecy, it's unclear whether the accord could limit immigration to Canada. That's because the U.S. has tighter controls on immigration than Canada.
Read more about:
At a time when the Apple Maps and Google Maps brouhaha is being discussed by everyone everywhere, one iOS hacker offers a glimpse at a temporary solution. While iOS 6 users wait for either Apple to hire engineers to fix all the issues, for Google to stop focusing just on Android and save the day, or for Microsoft to wake up and smell the coffee, Ryan Petrich has a video that shows Google Maps running on iOS 6.
old Google-powered Maps mostly works on iOS 6.0 with a little trickery: youtube.com/watch?v=A2yZRG… — Ryan Petrich (@rpetrich) September 23, 2012
Before you watch, Petrich would like to apologize for the poor video quality as they say “YouTube mangles source video if it's less than a certain width.” While the iOS hacker hasn't revealed how they pulled off the feat, the video's description does offer a bit more detail:
Preview of the old Google Maps application from iOS5.1 and earlier running on an iPhone 3G S updated to iOS 6.0 Still crashy and cannot be distributed to the public yet, but it mostly works :) Uncompressed video from DisplayRecorder: http://rpetri.ch/db/GoogleMapsiOS6.mov
We thus know the Google Maps app in question is unsurprisingly from previous versions of iOS. More importantly, Petrich hints at the fact that they would like to release it to the public, once they get it working properly.
Given that the iPhone 5 has already fallen to hackers, it would not surprise me if this port is released on the Cydia Store for jailbroken devices in the near future. If Apple Maps doesn't get its act together soon, Cupertino will have created a very good reason for Apple users to jailbreak their devices.
I have contacted Petrich for more information. I will update you if and when I hear back.
Update at 3:00PM EST: As I thought, jailbreaking your iOS 6 is required.
Update at 4:00PM EST: Petrich has shared more information about the hack with The Next Web. He's run into some issues and thus doesn't have a release date:
Currently it requires binaries from both an older 5.1 SDK and an older 5.1 version of iOS and is thus not redistributable. This issue was solved in the earlier “Spire” project I worked on with Grant Paul by building an installer that had the device fetch the appropriate files directly from Apple's CDN, but it's not clear that a similar approach would work here. There is no timeline on when it might be ready as I'm not certain this can be overcome. Also, I've only gone through the effort to support the official Maps app and not the in-app MapKit views that are used in Foursquare and other apps. If the redistribution problem can be solved, I intend to add an option to bridge embedded map views over as well.
If you're wondering who Grant Paul is, he's another iOS hacker. Their most recent achievement was yesterday, when they jailbroke the iPhone 5.
See also: Apple: Maps is a “major initiative…the more people use it, the better it will get”
Image credit: stock.xchng
Read next: Eat, browse and prosper: How the Internet is bringing obscure food communities to life
A picture of the effects of pyrite contamination from the Pyrite Action Facebook group
A picture of the effects of pyrite contamination from the Pyrite Action Facebook group
AN OIREACHTAS COMMITTEE has said that it is “a matter of serious public concern” that a household insurance company has refused to appear before it to answer questions related to pyrite contamination in Irish homes.
The Committee on Environment, Transport, Culture, and the Gaeltacht has said it will ask Environment Minister Phil Hogan to encourage HomeBond to appear before it to discuss the cost of restoring homes whose structural integrity has been damaged by pyrite contamination.
The pyrite mineral used in building materials is estimated to affect some 20,000 homes in Ireland where material used in foundations expands and causes cracks and crevices in walls.
HomeBond has previously said it is not legally obliged to provide compensation to those affected and has insisted that the responsibility lies with the quarries that provided the infill materials.
While the company has participated in the ‘Pyrite Panel' established by Hogan, it has declined to explain to the Committee the reasons behind its decision to opt out of legal responsibility to the purchasers of homes damaged by pyrite.
HomeBond said in a statement to TheJournal.ie: “It would be inappropriate to discuss this issue in a public forum at this stage and we will review the request once the Minister's pyrite panel has completed its work.”
Chairman Ciarán Lynch, a Labour TD, said: “We are surprised and disappointed that HomeBond should, at the same time, refuse to engage with an Oireachtas Committee on the same issue.
The Committee has agreed to ask Minister Hogan to encourage HomeBond to appear, as requested, before the Committee to discuss this very important issue at its earliest convenience.
The government established ‘Pyrite Panel' was set up by Hogan to assess the extent of the pyrite problem and formulate a solution for fixing homes that have been affected in Ireland.
It is due to issue its report shortly, the Department of Environment confirmed yesterday.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Two federal judges have recently ruled that the government's no-fly list has some serious constitutional problems:
This follows on a federal court decision in August that travelling internationally by air involves “a constitutionally protected liberty interest.” While that case still has a way to go before it reaches a conclusion, the implications of a constitutionally protected right are that any limits on it must involve due process. Simply slapping names on a list because they're allegedly suspected of the definition-of-terrorism-of-the-week and leaving people stranded won't cut it. The more recent decisions would seem to follow on that logic, recognizing that arbitrary limits on travel really do impair people's ability to exercise their rights and such limits—especially when they involve official screw-ups—have to be fixable through some formal process.
It's taken more than a dozen years to get to this point, and that's a disgrace. The federal government certainly has the right to prevent foreigners from entering the country, and it doesn't owe them due process when it makes those decisions. But preventing citizens and legal residents from flying overseas—or, even worse, allowing them to fly but not allowing them to return home—is police state territory. Ditto for the steady conversion of the Immigration Service into an extraconstitutional agency to harass and search citizens who can't be legally harassed or searched by ordinary law enforcement.
The federal government simply doesn't—or shouldn't—have the right to unilaterally hound and persecute people based on the mere suspicion of a bureaucrat. Arbitrarily constraining travel is a favorite tactic of oppressive regimes, and it has no place in the United States. The faster this stuff is ended, and the faster that due process once again becomes more than just a nice idea, the better.
Jenna Talackova made a worldwide splash in the surreal world of beauty pageants in 2012, but next year the gender equality crusader says it's back to reality.
The 24-year-old Vancouver native who made international headlines as the first transgender competitor in the Miss Universe pageant says their focus has shifted to a new television show they hope to see on the air in the near future.
Talackova says she's in the final stages of signing with a network, adding detailed plans for the program have already been laid.
"It's a reality show following me around a bunch of activities in my life," Talackova said in a telephone interview. "I've been saving things for this TV show. I'll be going to Korea, I'm going to be judging a pageant...It's going to be following me and giving Canada and the world an eye into my life."
Speculation has been swirling about Talackova's television debut since the days after the pageant. An employee of Shaw Media originally said the network planned to pick up a program featuring the 6-foot-1 blond, but the broadcaster later said no show of the kind was planned for its immediate lineup. Talackova said details of the program could not yet be revealed, but said episodes should start airing in late 2013.
Talackova's slot on the small screen has come about as a direct result of their time strutting on the stage of the Miss Universe Canada pageant back in May.
Talackova, who was born male and underwent sexual reassignment surgery at age 19, was originally barred from taking part in the pageant because of their gender at birth. They lobbied hard for the right to participate, and pageant organizer Donald Trump eventually gave them the green light to compete.
They made it to the top 12 and took home one of four Miss Congeniality prizes, but found themselves hailed as a victor by those who supported their fight for gender equality.
Talackova quickly became a poster girl for gay rights in Canada, serving as a grand marshal at Vancouver's gay pride parade in August.
While she's embraced the role of equal rights advocate, Talackova says they haven't done so without reservations. They "despises" the term transgender, describing themselves instead as one of many "normal women" following a less traditional road to self-expression.
"There are millions of us that are absolutely normal...and do amazing things daily like everyone else," they said. "There's no difference. Some people just have to go through different paths, and that path doesn't have to judge their present person or their future."
Also on HuffPost
The woman was variously described as ‘homeless' or a ‘rough sleeper' in the Marble Arch area. File image used
Here's a story you may have missed, since it didn't get much coverage in the newspapers and appears to have been ignored by the broadcast media.
I only stumbled across it when I was trying to catch up with what had been going on while I was taking a short break.
Very little, from what I can gather. But this one parable of our times grabbed my attention.
It languished at the bottom of Page 11 of last Thursday's London Evening Standard and although it was followed up in a couple of other publications, I can't help feeling it deserves a wider audience.
‘Three police officers had to step in to deliver a baby in front of shocked commuters and tourists in the morning rush hour at Marble Arch.
‘The officers ran to help the woman after being alerted by passers-by. Ambulance staff provided instructions over the phone and they gave birth shortly after 8am.
‘One witness said: “We could not believe what we were seeing in a tourist spot in London in broad daylight. The woman was obviously in distress and the officers were brilliant at calming them down. They are real heroes.” '
On one level you could argue that this is a heart-warming human drama, a precious new life safely delivered into the world by our versatile and compassionate British bobbies.
But we're not talking Away In A Manger here. This is a real ‘Oi, Doris!' eye-opener, which only serves to underline the insanity of our open borders immigration policy.
We are not told much about the woman involved.  They are variously described as ‘homeless' or a ‘rough sleeper' as if they are the unwitting victim of cruel circumstances.
Them identity has not been forthcoming from either the Metropolitan Police or University College Hospital, where mother and baby were taken.
A couple of the reports do say they are a ‘migrant' and point out that Marble Arch has become a magnet for Eastern European vagrants — although obviously they don't use the word ‘vagrant', which could be considered judgmental, probably racist and most certainly offensive towards a vulnerable minority.
So I think it's fair to assume that she's one of the many Eastern European gypsies camped out around Hyde Park, who do so much to enrich the diversity of our capital city, bringing with them their traditional skills such as aggressive begging and pickpocketing.
A group of these valuable and talented folk recently decided to make their home at the memorial to all those slaughtered by Islamist suicide bombers on the London Transport network ten years ago.
They had converted the memorial plaque into a dinner table, and were using the nearby bushes as a toilet.
From time to time, the authorities make a half-hearted attempt to move them on, by offering to pay for air fares back home, which is usually Romania. But even those who take up the offer come back again.
While this country remains part of the EU, there's nothing we can do to stop them, either. Even in the unlikely event of a referendum vote to pull out, this particular woman may now be the mother of a British citizen and will never be deported. And, presumably, now they have a baby, we will be expected to provide them with suitable accommodation and the full panoply of welfare benefits.
The Hyde Park and Marble Arch areas (pictured) have become a magnet for Eastern European vagrants
They may well become a useful and integrated part of British society and their child may grow up to discover a cure for cancer. Or not, as the case may be.
But, honestly, what was they doing here in the first place? What special gifts do they and their fellow ‘rough-sleepers' bring with them?
Do any of those responsible for promoting ‘diversity' and open borders really believe that it's a good idea to invite itinerant people with no job and no home; with whom we have nothing in common and no duty towards; and who have no intention of contributing anything positive to our society; to travel across a continent and establish an open-air gypsy camp in one of our world-famous royal parks?
Could anyone have envisaged that one of London's best-known monuments would one day become a makeshift maternity ward, with three coppers playing Call The Midwife?
We are all going to hell in a handcart.
As a young industrial reporter, about 36 years ago I had the privilege of writing the first ‘leaves on the line' story. This was to become a ritual excuse every autumn for late-running trains.
Now the old British Rail mantra has been appropriated by mobile phone operators, who are blaming wet leaves for poor reception.
Apparently, water droplets on the leaves interfere with the signal. And in an ironic twist, most of the guilty trees were planted by the phone companies to obscure ugly masts.
Can you hear me now?
I haven't been paying much attention to the Labour leadership contest, although the news that Spartist beardie Jeremy Corbyn is now the front-runner is hilarious.
Who's going to win? Who cares? Certainly not the Tories.
Corbyn might be fun, but even the dream ticket of McCluskey's Muppet Andy Burnham — the Grim Reaper of Mid Staffs — and Nonce Finder General Tom Watson as their deputy should see the Conservatives romp home again. If you want an idea of the lack of talent available to Labour, let me point you in the direction of the Shadow Chancellor.
The news that Spartist beardie Jeremy Corbyn is now the Labour leader front-runner is hilarious
This is one of the great offices normally occupied by what the Boys in the Bubble refer to as ‘big beasts'.
Not any more. I happened to notice a reference in one report to ‘Shadow Chancellor' Chris Leslie.
Who?
Is that a he-Chris or a she-Chris? No idea and, frankly, I can't be bothered to look it up.
Is it a bird... Is it a plane?
You've got to love this photo of a bunch of dopey birds dressed up as superhero characters for a cartoon convention.
They've obviously gone to a great deal of trouble. I especially like the woman who appears to have a tattoo of Elvis peeping over the top of their thigh-length boot.
The one in the Doc Martens seems to have modelled themselves on the celebrity writer Caitlin Moran. Or, perhaps, Caitlyn Jenner.
One problem, though. I'm not sure whether to file this under Makes You Proud To Be British, Here We Go Looby Loo or Bring On The Oompa Loompas.
There's been an awful lot of self-serving drivel written about the BBC recently and I don't intend to add much to it.
One of the strengths the Corporation likes to boast about is its unique ability to bring the nation together for ceremonial occasions and major sporting events.
But yesterday, when the last day of the Open golf from St Andrews spilled over from the weekend, the BBC failed to cover it until six hours after the start of play.
Instead, they broadcast such indispensable cultural triumphs as Council House Crackdown and Bargain Hunt.
Half the field had finished by the time BBC1 went live from the Open.
Any private sector chief executive who screwed up so badly would be shown the door.
In the next generation or so, will it be easier to become an atheist?
I don't mean socially or politically easier. I'm not wondering whether there will eventually be less anti-atheist bigotry, discrimination, stigma, whether state and church will be better separated, etc. (That's not what I'm thinking about today, anyway.) I'm wondering if it will become emotionally easier, and philosophically.
Here's what I mean, and why I'm asking. Years ago, I had a conversation at a party with my friend Tim. It was a somewhat tipsy conversation, so I may not be remembering it entirely accurately, but I think this was the gist of it: We were talking about existentialism (yes, I have tipsy party conversations about existentialism, so sue me), and Tim was saying that they agreed with the original existentialists about how, from any external objective perspective, there's no meaning to our lives, and meaning is something we create entirely for ourselves. And then they said something like, “The difference is that I don't see why that's a problem. Sure, I create my own meaning. So what? That's fine with me. Sartre and Camus and that whole crowd thought this was a barely-tolerable psychological state that had to be struggled with on a daily basis… but I don't see what the big deal is.”
I knew immediately what they meant. And I said something like, “I wonder if the difference is that they made up existentialism, it was totally new to them… but we grew up with it. The idea was already in the air. Even if you didn't grow up in an intellectual household, the basic idea had already filtered down into the culture. So when we were figuring out the world and our place in it, existentialism just seemed normal.”
This is what I'm wondering about atheism. The current generation of atheists didn't invent atheism, obviously — but for many of us, it was a new idea that we had to struggle with. Most atheists say that they're happy to have left religion… but a lot of us say that the process of leaving religion was difficult and traumatic. We had to find a radically new way of looking at the world and our place in it, with radically new answers to the big questions of life and death. Without belief in God or a soul or an afterlife, we had to seriously re-think questions about morality and mortality, meaning and connection.
And if we came to our atheism more or less on our own — if we came to the atheist community after we let go of God, not before — we had to re-invent the wheel. I certainly went through that. When I let go of my spiritual beliefs, I wasn't familiar with a lot of atheist and humanist and skeptical and secular philosophies of life and death. Death especially was a struggle for me — as it is for many believers letting go of their beliefs — and I pretty much had to piece together my own ways of coping with a life in which death is really and truly final. And I'm not the only one. Other atheists who have left religion report similar emotional and philosophical struggles: about death, about meaning, about personal responsibility, about really big questions that frame our lives.
But I'm wondering if that will be less true for the next generation.
If atheists continue to get our ideas into the world — not just our ideas about why religion is mistaken and atheism is right, but our ideas about how we live without a belief in God or a soul or an afterlife? If we continue to get our ideas in the air, and filtered down into the culture? If we can create a world where it's pretty much impossible to grow up not knowing that atheists exist… the way it's now pretty much impossible to grow up in America not knowing that gay people exist? If we can create a world where atheism is normal?
I'm wondering if this struggle will be easier for the people who come into atheism after us. Or even if it will be a struggle at all. I'm wondering if they'll look at atheism the way my friend Tim and I look at existentialism. “Sure, there's no God, and my consciousness is a biological product of my brain, and my sense of a cohesive identity and selfhood is a somewhat illusory mental construction, and when I die I'll just be gone forever. So what? That's fine with me. I don't see what the big deal is.”
So for the atheist readers of this blog (which I'm assuming is most of you), I'm curious what your own experiences of coming into atheism were. Did you grow up with atheism more or less from birth, or did you come into it later, on your own? If you came into it as an on your own — when did that happen? Was it a while ago, or did it happen pretty recently? Were you already at least somewhat familiar with some atheist ideas and people before you deconverted, or did you get connected with the atheist community/ movement after you let go of your religion?
And was your deconversion a struggle, or was it relatively un-traumatic? Not in terms of how your friends and family and the rest of the world felt about it — but just in terms of how you personally felt about it? I realize this is an extremely un-scientific poll, but I'm idly curious to see if there might be a connection between the two.
A section of the Trans-Canada Highway was closed for hours on Tuesday following a fatal crash east of Strathmore, Alta.
Calgary EMS said the collision between a tow truck and a semi-trailer happened at around 3:45 a.m.
Cpl. Jay Salmon with the Strathmore RCMP said the driver of the semi-truck told investigators their vehicle was hit from behind by the tow truck.
“He was in motion and the [tow truck] wasn't slowing down or stopping or anything,” they said. “It appears that the tow truck just came up and rear-ended the back of the semi-truck at highway speeds.”
The driver of the tow truck, a 44-year-old man from the Strathmore area, was pronounced dead at the scene.
The driver of the semi-truck was uninjured. Police said there were no passengers in either of the vehicles.
Correction: WB Hwy1 closed at RR 233, east of Strathmore, due to MVC. (6:34am) #ABRoads https://t.co/kLfxpoS39m — 511 Alberta (@511Alberta) August 29, 2017
Emergency crews were on scene for much of the day, causing major delays.
Occupational health and safety and RCMP are investigating.
Strathmore is located about 40 kilometres east of Calgary.
– With files from Doug Vaessen and Erika Tucker
Modus Magazine India Map
Modus Magazine commissioned a cover illustration, the brief synopsis of the feature. Has India's moment finally come, the brief was to make up the shape of India and incorporating the masthead of the magazine,
Despite India's potential as one of the fast-growing “BRIC” powerhouses, it has so far underperformed as a destination for foreign investment. Bureaucracy and ongoing concerns about transparency and corruption have hampered both the real estate market and infrastructure development, with many projects on hold or abandoned and key pieces of legislation delayed. Frustration with the Congress Party's handling of the economy was a decisive factor in the BJP's landslide victory in May. New prime minister Narendra Modi stood on a ticket of economic reforms, removing red tape, urbanisation and infrastructure development – now they must deliver. This feature explores the challenges facing Modi, the reforms that would allow India to fulfil its economic promise, and the likelihood that they will succeed, with commentary from local property experts and RICS members.
Spread throughout this feature are first person pieces with leading surveyors across the country. India is one of the fastest-urbanising countries in the world – according to the UN, its cities will grow by almost 500 million people over the next four decades. So what does development at this extraordinary pace and scale feel like for those in the middle of it, and what contribution can land, property and construction professionals make? In this feature we meet RICS members (or recent graduates from the RICS School of Built Environment, Amity University) working across a range of disciplines in India. Points of discussion would include: their role in the country's development; the challenges and opportunities that such rapid change brings; and their day-to-day experiences of India's transformation – what's it like to work in this exciting property market?
Shopping mall gloom
A decade or so ago shopping malls were all the rage in India. Hundreds of malls were rapidly constructed to cash in on the nation's growing middle classes. But over the last couple of years, poor footfall, high vacancy levels and mismanagement has led to many closing their doors. So why has India fallen out of love with malls, and what is the property industry doing to reduce vacancy rates and bring redundant assets back to life?
Top 5 projects
We take a closer look at 5 projects currently underway across India:
• The Chenab Bridge
• Gujarat International Finance Tech-City (GIFT)
• World One Tower, Mumbai
• Chenani to Nashri Road Tunnel
• Koldam Power Project
Daniel Bates Mail Online
Watching their weight? Model Florian Van Bael was fired for eating a croissant Read more: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-1317930/Male-model-fired-eating-croissant-Abercrombie--Fitch-shoot.html#ixzz11f9EBdvE
A male model has been fired for eating a croissant whilst on a photo shoot for trendy clothing retailer Abercrombie & Fitch.
Belgian Florian Van Bael was told to leave the set when they were seen eating the pastry at what was considered to be an inappropriate moment.
The models on the photo shoot were supposedly put under strict supervision with agents monitoring what they ate, what they drank and how much they worked out.
Van Bael, 20, appears to have broken one of these rules and was fired.
The case illustrates that it is not just female models who are subject to harsh restrictions when it comes to their weight.
Fashion designers, including Victoria Beckham, have recently begun to shun ‘size zero' models and this year New York Fashion Week hosted its first ‘plus size' only fashion show.
The 30 male and female models were being shot by photographer Bruce Weber and the Panoramic Hotel in Montauk, New York when Van Bael was sacked.
The models were supposedly working 13-hour days on the orders of advertising agency Shahid & Co and paid far below the normal rates for seven days' work - $2,500 for women (£1,570) and $1,500 for men (£940).
They were also given a $13 (£8) per day meal stipend but closely monitored on what they ate.
Van Bael's agent appeared to side with the advertising agency and criticised them client.
Source
Seriously, it's the end of the year already? This year has flown by! It feels like it was just a couple of days ago I was helping to slay the werewolves of Camlorn and when it fact it was roughly 270 days ago. Time really flies when you're enjoying every moment of it. Well almost every moment of it, waiting in the LFG queue is never an enjoyable experience. Within these 38 weeks since the game released, so much has changed and improved. In this week's article we're going to take a quick look at everything that Zenimax has implemented to the game.
The game released on April 4th 2014 for early access players with the expectation that they would be releasing content patches as fast as every four to six weeks. While that is a pretty audacious goal that not many developers would take on, Zenimax started out on the right foot.
advertisement advertisement
Update 1
The first major content patch was Update 1, Patch 1.1.2. This update was released on the 6th week after release, and it wasn't anything to call small, especially for a first patch. This update included an entirely new zone called Craglorn, two timed trials (the ESO equivalent to raids) and a much-needed recap system that allowed you to see what you were getting hit with when you died. There were also some combat, animation, and class balancing done, but this happens is almost every update. While this update may appear too small, trust me, it's not. Along with Craglorn, there came plenty of quests and new dungeons to explore. This update was designed more for the group aspect game play. While you could of course adventure through Craglorn solo if you chose to do so, it would just be a lot more difficult.
Update 2
This update was released on June 26th, 2014, a mere five weeks after update 1. This update wasn't as large as Update 1 in terms of content itself, but it did offer us a lot of new stuff to do. This patch implemented a new Veteran Rank dungeon, Crypt of Hearts. Along with the dungeon we also got a new storyline to go along with it. Role players received a field of view slider for the first person view allowing them to see a lot more of their surroundings. One of my favourite additions was the implementation of more interact able items. Some people may consider this a small thing, and it really is, but it changes how we immerse ourselves. The more active and real the game feels the more immersive it will be.
Update 3
This one was I think one of the most anticipated ones up to this point. It had many of the community requested changes within the game. On August 4th, Update 3 went live, five weeks after update 2. That's it, five weeks and we get a pretty massive update. While update 3 didn't have any direct PvE or PvP content, it did change a lot of features within the game to make them a lot more user friendly and customizable. Zenimax implemented the Dye system allowing players to create unique colour combinations on their armour sets allowing them to be more personalized. Along with the character customization they implemented a plethora of Guild changes, custom ranks, custom permissions, guild tabards, guild traders, and the ability to store guild gold within the guild bank.
While a lot of these new features are extremely common in most mmos, and honestly should have been included at launch, it was still an awesome patch. Giving the players more freedom to run the guilds how they want, allowing the community to sell their items on the guild traders opened up a large marketplace for players who just want to make some easy gold.
Update 4
Went live on September 22nd, 7 weeks after update 3. While they did not hit their goal of four to six weeks, I think the added week wait was worth it for the amount of content this patch included.
Craglorn expanded offering players more quests and dungeons to explore. Along with a new crafting trait to learn, Nirnhoned. This update had a bit of everything, even a level cap increase bringing it to veteran rank 14.
A timed trial was released, The Sanctum Ophidia. This is a large improvement on the previous two trials. While still not fully “elder scrolls” this trial is most certainly a step in the right direction.
Dragonstar Arena, a four player battle arena, was introduced. This new dungeon offers both a normal and veteran mode of difficulty. Dragonstar has to be one of the most entertaining dungeons I've had the pleasure of doing, next to Shada's Tear.
Zenimax has been going back and looking at the lower level delves and been expanding them, making them larger, slightly different than the delves you've explored before. One of the issues the community raised was that Delves felt the same, no matter the zone or level they always seemed to have the same style of map.
In an attempt to help with lag in high action areas, Zenimax implemented a PRX prioritization. Allowing the game to prioritize the spell effects and graphics based on importance and distance from your character.
New items were added to the game that allowed players to customize their spells. Ability Altering Enchantments are now included on items dropped from the difficult mode of Dragonstar Arena, Sanctum Ophidia, and even the PvP Leaderboard rewards. These enchantments allowed specific abilities to offer additional effects such as;
Grand Healing: This ability now restores stamina to allies in the area.
Cleave: This ability deals bonus damage on the initial hit.
Puncture: This ability heals the caster.
Twin Slashes: This ability deals additional bleed damage every tick.
Poison Arrow: This ability increases your weapon damage when attacking enemies affected by Poison Arrow.
Destructive Touch: This ability deals more damage and costs less
Trying to make Stamina builds more viable, they included a passive that all heavy attacks with melee and bow weapons will restore stamina, while destruction and restoration staves will return magicka on heavy attacks.
Update 5
Live on November 3rd, right on the six week mark. This is impressive considering the amount of work that went into this patch.
Dungeon scaling was introduced with this patch, which allows players to go into any previous dungeon and have it scale to their level. This allows the older dungeons to become viable content to do.
Along with the dungeon scaling they introduced the Undaunted Dailies. The Undaunted guild offers players two new quests every day, one normal and one veteran difficulty. With these dailies you have a choice of doing the Bronze, Silver, or Gold level of the mission. The hard choice will result in a better reward upon completion. These dailies can reward players with a chance to receive a piece of gear that has a new 2-set bonus attached to it. These gear pieces are typically shoulders, while the head (the other set piece) drops from the boss of that specific dungeon.
A new crafting style was added, Dwemer. With this new style they also introduced a new way of obtaining it. Instead of acquiring the entire book, which you still can but it's exceptionally rare, you'll obtain pages from the book. These pages will allow you to craft specific parts of the gear instead of all them. For example you might find page 8 of the Dwemer book which might allow you to craft the shoulders. You'll still need to find the remaining pages in order to craft the other pieces. This new system allows for players a chance to “corner the market”. Instead of one player or all players having the ability to craft an entire set of Dwemer, Zenimax wanted players to be able to corner specific areas. Make yourself known as the person who can craft Dwemer, Shoulders and legs, while eventually you'll be able to craft them all and you'll be that “go to” person for Dwemer gear.
Chat Bubbles was also introduced with this patch. I can't begin to tell you how many forum posts were created asking specifically for this feature. Maybe one day someone will explain to me why Chat bubbles are such an important thing to have in a game.
A new craftable set of gear also implemented, The Twice-Born Star. In order to craft this elusive set you'll need to have learned all the previous traits. If you obtain this gear, the bonus will allow you to have two mundus stone buffs at all times.
As with the previous patch, Zenimax went through the lower level delves and improved them, making them larger and more engaging for the player.
That's everything that has happened within the last 9 months. I can't believe it's been 9 months already, and we've seen 5 updates to the game already. That's an update every 7 weeks, that's pretty impressive. Zenimax has almost stayed to their goal of four to six weeks for content releases. Looking back at the size of the updates I think we can give them that added week. Especially when we look at the size of update 6, which is planning to have the Champion System, Justice System, Provisioning Revamp, and even a massive combat animation overhaul.
Summer street festivals in Toronto are packed with incredible local street food and entertainment, and it just wouldn't be summer in the city without them. Lots of cities claim their summer programming has something for everyone but in Toronto, it's actually true. Whether you've got a fetish for fabulous floats or a love for food on a stick, you will be covered by Toronto's s festivals.
Here are my picks for the top street festivals in Toronto this summer.
ONGOING
Pedestrian Sundays in Kensington Market
A festival much-hated by many Kensington residents, but much-loved by everybody else, this event closes the streets of Kensington Market off to traffic, leaving them open to music, art, dancing, drum circles, and buskers. The street festivals fall on the last Sunday of each month, from noon until 7 p.m. Those Sundays are: June 29, July 27, and August 31.
JUNE
Waterfront Festival
This year's festival, from June 20 to 22, will feature a wine and beer garden at Sugar Beach, and closures along Queens Quay between Sherbourne and Spadina, featuring entertainment of various sorts. There is an aquatic dog show (nope not joking) and various other watery sport demonstrations.
World Pride 2014
Toronto's pride festival is so wonderful that this year, we get to host World Pride. It runs from June 20 to 29, and will, as its title suggests, be the world's largest celebration of our LGBTQ++ folk. The festival culminates in the Pride Parade and street festival. It's a massive street party that will close down streets from June 27 to 29, with the parade on June 29 beginning at 1 p.m.
The Junction Summer Solstice Festival
This witchy festival in the Junction celebrates the longest day of the year. June 21, Dundas St. W. closes to traffic and opens up to pedestrians from Quebec to Indian Grove. DIY culture, art and music will all be celebrated in the lovely west end hood, and it's complete with a ferris wheel this year. The festival runs from day to night.
Fusion of Taste
The Albion Rd. and Islington Ave. intersection in Etobicoke will be transformed into a street festival June 28, with the streets coming alive between noon and 10:30 p.m. Over 100 artists will perform, and the food on offer will mirror the diverse cultural fabric of the neighbourhood.
Taste of Asia Festival
If you're looking to take part in an Asian cultural festival, this one is a can't-miss. June 28 and 29, Kennedy Rd. between Steeles Ave. and Gorvette Rd. in Markham will include multicultural performances, 150 street vendors, and is likely to attract over 100,000 visitors, if last year's numbers are any indication. Taste of Asia also includes such fun as a bibimbap eating competition and basketball games in the streets.
JULY
Taste of Lawrence Festival
The Taste of Lawrence is a three-day food and cultural fest in Scarborough. It showcases different foods from a number of different cultures. There will also be midway rides and live music, as well as dancing in the streets and fun for kids. The Taste of Lawrence runs from July 4 to 6.
Franco-Fete
Franco-Fete is an opportunity for Toronto's French-speaking people to get together and share their cultures, and teach others about them, too. The festival, at Yonge-Dundas Square, will be on July 5 and 6 this year, and its focus is on French music. More programming will be unveiled as the dates draw closer.
Scotiabank Caribbean Carnival Toronto (aka, Caribana)
The launch of the nearly month-long carnival is on July 8, but the main events don't take place until later in the month, and the legendary parade, in its 46th year, is on August 2. It's the largest celebration of Caribbean culture in North America, and a fun, high-energy way to explore new cuisine, music and art. And partying.
Salsa on St. Clair
Salsa on St. Clair is probably one of the festivals most fraught with steamy summer possibilities. This year, it's a week long with events across the city, from July 12 to 20. The street festival, which is obviously along St. Clair, is the weekend of the 19 and 20.
BIG on Bloor
BIG on Bloor closes the street off to cars between Lansdowne and Dufferin. Last year, the festival, one of Toronto's newer ones, drew about 80,000 visitors. This year, it will be on July 19 and 20, and it will feature 200 local arts and crafts vendors, alongside arts and entertainment showcases.
Chinatown Festival
On Dundas St. between Spadina and Beverley, and on Huron St. between D.Arcy and Dundas, Chinese culture will festoon the streets from July 19 to 20. One of Toronto's handful of Chinatowns, this neighbourhood is always alive with Chinese culture, but with this festival, the sheer volume of street foods on offer is astounding. You can also catch a dragon winding its way through the area, with lion dances at night. Last year, the festival attracted about 150,000 people, and organizers expect more of the same for 2014.
Beaches Jazz Festival
From July 24 to 26, the Beaches International Jazz Festival street fest closes down Queen St. E., starting at Woodbine. It will feature about 50 Canadian bands who will take over the streets from 7 p.m. until 11 p.m. nightly. (note: the entire Jazz Fest runs July 18 to 26)
AUGUST
Taste of the Danforth
Taste of the Danforth is one of the city's most popular street festivals. The food is plentiful, with more souvlaki than anyone can handle.There's dancing and music, and there's an amazing high energy to it. Be warned though: the festival is this popular for a reason, so the crowds are massive. Last year alone there were 1.5 million revellers along the Danforth. Taste of the Danforth runs August 8 to 10 this year.
Festival of South Asia
The Festival of South Asia is focused on food, and it closes down Gerrard Street in Little India from Coxwell to Greenwood. Alongside the food, it's a great chance to take in some Bollywood music and dancing. This year, it's August 23 and 24, from noon until 11 p.m. both days. It's one of the biggest South Asian festivals in the city, and last year, it brought about 250,000 visitors.
Scotiabank Buskerfest
From August 21 to 24, a pack of delightful freaks and magicians will take over the streets with tons of live busking performances. Yonge St. will be open to performers and pedestrians alike between College/Carlton Streets and Queen St. This year's festival will be in support of Epilepsy Toronto.
SEPTEMBER
Taste of the Kingsway
Each year, on the weekend after Labour Day, the Kingsway comes alive with midway rides, beer and wine gardens, live performance and samples upon samples of local food. This year, it falls between September 5 to 7 The street festival will run from Prince Edward Dr. to Montgomery Rd., and in case you missed Woofstock in May, it also features a dog show.
Cabbagetown Festival of the Arts
While many of the city's festivals have a culinary/live performance focus, the Cabbagetown Festival of the Arts, on September 6 and 7, switches it up a bit. The point of this festival, as you may have guessed, is to showcase local artists and artisans. Parliament St. will close between Wellesley St. S. to Gerrard St. E., and alongside the hundreds of artists selling their creations, you'll also find the usual mix of food and entertainment, including live music and busking. Oh, and a giant community-wide yard sale.
Toronto Ukranian Festival
This is North America's largest Ukranian street festival. It started as a small gathering in 1995, offering the chance to sample the best in Ukranian food, music and dance, and now, it draws in about 500,000 visitors. This year's festival runs from September 12 to 14 on Bloor St. W.
Roncesvalles Polish Festival
Now is your chance to enjoy all of the pierogies and vodka you please without an ounce of guilt. The Roncesvalles hood, despite its relatively newfound trendiness, is still a Polish enclave, and they know what's up when it comes to food and celebration. Enjoy the Polish folklore, polka bands, and other live performances and vendors on September 13 and 14.
What did I miss? Plug your favourite summer street festivals in the comments below. Looking for more June festivals? Be sure to consult our post on the top spring street festivals in Toronto.
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
The son of tragic Welsh Cabinet minister Carl Sargeant is hoping to to take over their father's old seat.
Engineer Jack Sargeant, 23, is putting their name forward as the Labour candidate to contest the Alyn and Deeside by-election for a new Assembly member in February.
They said: “I want to make a difference like my dad did.”
Carl Sargeant, 49, was found hanged on November 7, four days after the married father-of-two was sacked as communities secretary by First Minister Carwyn Jones over claims of inappropriate behaviour towards women.
(Image: PA)
Mr Sargeant's family and friends protested they did not know what allegations they were facing.
They denied any wrongdoing and vowed to clear their name at a Labour Party inquiry – which has since been dropped.
Now Jack will enter the local Labour selection process to become the next AM.
They said: “My dad was a local lad and never lost theirs roots.
“That's why people in Alyn and Deeside loved them and why we loved him.
“I grew up knowing how much they cared about their home and the people who live here and I want to carry on their legacy.
(Image: Sunday People)
“I grew up here, went to school here, got my engineering apprenticeship here at our local college and then went to the local university down the road in Wrexham.
“I know what people in Alyn and Deeside are thinking and feeling.”
The local party has made it clear they are looking for someone local to fill Carl Sargeant's shoes and will not tolerate Labour parachuting in a candidate from outside.
Constituency party secretary Shelly Streeter said: “It's going to be someone who is ‘Carl-like' and can carry on the great work they did.”
Jack is a Newcastle United supporter like their sad and plays five a side football.
They added: “I'm a loyal Labour member but I'll be my own man.
“It was an honour to meet Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn when they came to dad's funeral.”
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
June 25, 2015, 9:20 AM GMT / Source: Reuters By Reuters
Actor Shia LaBeouf was treated in a hospital after suffering a head injury when a stunt went wrong while they were filming in North Dakota, their publicist said Wednesday.
The 29-year-old actor, who starred in the "Transformers" films and with Brad Pitt in the World War Two drama "Fury," was expected to resume filming on Thursday.
"Shia LaBeouf sustained minimal injuries late last night on the set of their current film, 'American Honey,'" publicist Melissa Kates said. "As protocol, production sought out medical attention and Shia received stitches on their hand and for a laceration on their head."
LaBeouf also had surgery in 2008 on their hand after they injured it in a car accident.
The whole gang's here! Lineart was done by Anthony (Fairytalesartist), Coloring was done by Quirky-Middle-Child, and Background and Lighting were done by Sendrax. Thank you guys for such an amazing piece to celebrate this incredible achievement!
Wow.
Just… wow.
We're here. We made it.
In less than nine months, we've managed to reach two million pageviews.
I'm just astounded. I've said this over and over every time we reach a new milestone, but believe me, I say it because I mean it each time.
Thank you. Thank you all! None of this would be possible without your continued love and support for this site! I made it on a whim, but it's grown to be so much more than I could have ever hoped for.
Thank you!
Well, I think this deserves a victory toot-toot. What do you say?
Aw, who am I kidding?
Onwards to Three A Million! And until then, remember, as always…
Try Everything!
~Andy Lagopus
Yesterday, while wasting a perfectly good Sunday watching football, I noticed the same commercial popping up over and over again. Picture a hypothetical sports bar, with beautiful people cheering because all of their favorite football teams are winning. Cut to another equally bizarre reality and you see a duo of mountain climbers trekking up icy cliffs with a few bottles of Coors Light in tow. At the summit, they reach a magical portal, which transports them directly into the bar. They hand the bottles off to a waiter, who orders them to go get two more. Back into the fray they go.
My first thought: Slowest bar service ever.
My second thought: Why doesn't MillerCoors advertise some of the finer points of their company?
It's hard to deny the idea that the global company is having a bit of a moment right now, specifically with its more craft-friendly (and downright craft) brands. Last week, Slate ran a post spotlighting a recent poll that Blowfish, a hangover cure company, and AMP conducted, which asked drinkers to pick their preferred beer brand. The result? Blue Moon. Blue Moon everywhere. If Blue Moon Belgian White, a witbier, is trending up, wouldn't it be safe to assume these same consumers might also enjoy a bottle of Golden Knot? Oh that's right, they don't know Golden Knot exists.
Golden Knot, a witbier brewed with Chardonnay grapes, just won a gold medal at the Great American Beer Festival. Like the flagship Blue Moon Belgian White, it's brewed by Blue Moon Brewing Co., a division of MillerCoors. It's also available now at your local bottle shop.
Despite its global conglomerate appearance and love affair with big budget TV adverts (seriously, read this post about shooting that mountain climbing commercial), MillerCoors releases some stellar beer within its divisions. Blue Moon Brewing's taken home a number of GABF medals in specialty categories over the years. So has AC Golden Brewing, recently for trendy craft styles like India pale lager and barrel-aged imperial stout. Then there's The SandLot, based inside Denver's Coors Field, which won the Large Brewing Company of the Year award, two gold medals and one bronze at this year's GABF. But MillerCoors would rather try to sell you on the idea of an ice-cold, mountain-brewed lager, and to a much lesser degree, a witbier.
I recently had the pleasure of touring the Anheuser-Busch facility in St. Louis, and the absolute highlight was walking through its R&D pilot brewery. Later that day, I tasted a few samples of incredibly inventive beer, like a pretzel beer (yep, tasted just like a chocolate pretzel). The saddest aspect of the experience was the fact that these beers never see the light of day—at most, they might appear on tap at some obscure festival. The market result of AB-InBev's experimentation usually ends up tasting something like Budweiser, like Budweiser Black Crown. MillerCoors, on the other hand, doesn't seem timid about releasing creative beers. But telling you about them? That's a different story.
I don't know why there aren't more TV commercials for Blue Moon Belgian White, or any at all for Blue Moon Golden Knot or Crimson Crossing (a wit brewed with merlot grapes), during NFL commercial breaks. There's no doubt the company has the resources.
I'm not advocating for or against a new MillerCoors campaign touting its success in the craft beer realm. But, as I'm stretched out on the couch on Sundays, thinking about what new beer I might want to try as another extreme Coors Light commercial plays, I do know one thing: I simply don't get it.
tech2 News Staff
In the past we've seen several verbal assurances about how TRAI and the DoT are in support of Net Neutrality in India. A new report by The Times of India now states that the government may soon go public and most likely this week on its decision to support net neutrality, which means the Internet would be equal for all without any discrimination or prioritisation.
If you remember, a six-member panel, headed by AK Bhargava, had been set up to submit a report on net neutrality. The DoT report is at the Prime Minister's Office and reportedly 'will be used to form framework for the government policy' on net neutrality. It will also include recommendations from the telecom regular that are yet to be submitted to DoT.
A person familiar with the matter told the news site, "A panel has the taken the views of all the stakeholders before submitting it to the telecom minister. There were a few critical points of debate such as allowing zero rating plans or not. The report will back the government's stand unequivocally."
It was just last week that the US telecom regulator, the Federal Communications Commission, fined AT&T ($100-million) for intentionally slowing down internet speeds for its unlimited data subscribers after they consume a specific amount of data. The FCC, proded by the US president Barack Obama supported net neutrality in the US.
The DoT report will be made public while the Telecom Regulatory Authority of India (TRAI) is still preparing its own report.
In the past couple of months, a lot has been said and written about net neutrality in India. It was Airtel who created quite a stir with its new Zero marketing platform. However, massive outrage forced its partner Flipkart to walk out of Airtel Zero. Soon companies like Cleartrip and NDTV walked out of Facebook's Internet.org, a platform almost similar to Airtel Zero.
Here's a timeline of events:
March 27, 2015
TRAI published the 117-page document known as ‘Consultation Paper on Regulatory Framework for Over-the-top (OTT) services'. This consultation paper talks about net neutrality in India and how it changes the way we consume data. TRAI is seeking public views on it and the deadline for comments is April 24.
April 6, 2015
Airtel launched a new marketing platform, Airtel Zero, allowing customers to access apps of participating app developers at zero data charges. It instantly faced criticism from netizens for violating net neutrality.
April 9, 2015
While Flipkart was already rumoured to be in talks with Airtel as a participating app for its Zero platform, Sachin Bansal's tweet defending the program added further fuel to the fire. The tweet didn't go down well with several net neutrality supporters who decided todownvote the Flipkart app on Android to ‘one star' rating.
April 11, 2015
While tech enthusiasts and netizens were already in support of net neutrality, it was the AIB video that helped reach out further to the masses. AIB created a nine-minute long ‘Save the Internet' video on net neutrality, which states that Internet service providers and governments should treat all data on the Internet equally, not discriminating or charging differentially by user, content, site, platform or application.
April 13, 2015
More than one lakh emails were sent to TRAI in support of net neutrality. The campaign (www.savetheinternet.in) asking the public to send submissions to the TRAI that seeks views by April 24 started picking pace. This site already has ready answers for all the 20 questions that TRAI has put forth. All you need to to is copy the QnA in your mail client and send a response to TRAI. You can also edit some answers.
April 14, 2015
Public outrage forces Flipkart to pull out of Airtel Zero partnership. The company tweets from its official handle stating it strongly believes in the concept of net neutrality and the company exists because of the Internet.
A panel of experts was reported to look into the net neutrality issue.
April 15, 2015
Flipkart is soon followed by Cleartrip withdrawing from Internet.org. It was also followed by others like NDTV, and some properties by Times Group. By this time, Facebook's Internet.org started hitting headlines for violating the principles of net neutrality. Earlier in February, Facebook teamed up with Reliance Communications to bring Internet.org in India. Just like Airtel Zero, Facebook's Internet.org too violates net neutrality.
It was this day, that reports about Trai chief's comments about corporate war between a telco and a media house further sparked the debate.
April 16, 2015
As the debate over net neutrality in India got fierce, Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg spoke in defense of Internet.org and how it is important and can co-exist with net neutrality.
April 18, 2015
There were reports about Bharti Airtel's CEO Gopal Vittal sending mails to several CEO/CXOs and influencers explaining how its zero-rating plan does not violate the principle of net neutrality.
April 19, 2015
Cellular Operators Association of India (COAI) reaffirmed its support for ‘net neutrality', but also made a strong pitch for ‘net equality' that will enable access to Internet for a billion Indians as part of the governments digital India vision.
April 20, 2015
Over 9 lakh emails have been sent to TRAI in support of net neutrality.
April 22
Rahul Gandhi, who moved an adjournment motion in Lok Sabha said one million people are fighting for net neutrality and the govt is trying to carve out the net and hand it over to the corporates. Within moments of the speech, #RGforNetNeutrality started trending on Twitter.
In response, telecom minister Ravi Shankar Prasad said, “Our PM has said that everyone should have access to the internet.” Adding that the PM is the most respected person on social media in India, Prasad assured that the government stands for net neutrality and will ensure a non-discriminatory internet is available.
April 24
Trai received over a million responses in support of net neutrality.
https://twitter.com/neutrality_in/status/591137599927922688
Protesting against the rules which threaten to redefine the Internet, a website called www.savetheinternet.in had been set up where anyone could send a mail directly to TRAI, expressing their reluctance and discomfort about how telecom carriers are snatching away free Internet from them. It received an overwhelming response of more than 11 lakh petitions.
May 2015
Amidst the backlash in India, Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg decided to loosen the grip on its free Internet service in India. This doesn't mean, Internet.org is now booted out of India, but it simply becomes an ‘open' platform for all.
Facebook then came up with an ‘open' Internet.org platform for all developers in India received flak for bringing the same old rules in a new package. It was nothing but old wine packaged in a new bottle.
In the first week of May, from internal mails of a software MNC and foreign junket proposal to a private wedding album, telecom regulator Trai has made everything public in the name of 10 lakh comments it got on draft net neutrality proposals.
On the other side, there were reports about how TRAI isn't really buying Facebook's Internet.org or Airtel Zero programs and DoT is also batting for net neutrality, and the telecom minister Ravi Shankar Prasad had come forth to reveal that government stands for free and open Internet.
While everyone awaits for the government's decision, the volunteer group, SavetheInternet, is requesting that in the absence of a recommendation from TRAI and any decision from the government, telecom companies should be restricted from rolling out any plans and services that violate Net Neutrality.
If the most recent news is to be believed then the government is likely to release its report on net neutrality this week, and could be in favour of net neutrality in India.
Tech2 is now on WhatsApp. For all the buzz on the latest tech and science, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Tech2.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
LONDON — A branch of Sainsbury's grocery store removed kosher products from its shelves, it said, to prevent anti-Israel demonstrations. The Tricycle Theater in north London, after hosting a Jewish film festival for eight years, demanded to vet the content of any film made with arts funding from the Israeli government. George Galloway, a member of Parliament known for their vehement criticism of Israel, declared Bradford, England, an “Israel-free zone.”
Mr. Galloway, in comments being investigated by the police, said, “We don't want any Israeli goods; we don't want any Israeli services; we don't want any Israeli academics coming to the university or college; we don't even want any Israeli tourists to come to Bradford.”
The war in Gaza and its aftermath have inflamed opinion in Europe and, experts and analysts say, are likely to increase support for the movement to boycott, disinvest from and sanction Israel, known as BDS.
“We entered this war in Gaza with the perception that the Israeli government is not interested in reaching peace with the Palestinians,” said Meir Javedanfar, an Israeli analyst at the Interdisciplinary Center Herzliya, a private university. “Now, after the casualties and the destruction, I'm very worried about the impact this could have on Israel. It could make it very easy for the BDS campaign to isolate Israel and call for more boycotts.”
A year ago in these pages, I wondered if the Tigers should extend Max Scherzer. When it came down to it, I thought they should let them walk unless they were willing to take a significant discount. They didn't, they let them walk, and Max got a boatload of dough from the Nationals. My basic case against an extension for Max was pretty simple. They were going to get at least 6/$150M (and had a good chance at more) and pitchers in their 30s are rarely worth that kind of money. Now, I probably underestimated the salary inflation we saw over the last year so if I had known a little more about the future, I'd have been cool at $150M, but not cool at the price they wound up getting. Same basic premise.
Max was unlikely to live up to the cost they were likely to command. We now know their cost, and we'll have to see if they earn it or not. But a year later, the Tigers find themselves in a very similar situation. David Price will be a Tiger for one more year and then he'll be a free agent entering their age 30 seasons. Should they look to extend him?
Price is making $20 million in 2015 and is coming off a 6 WAR year. Prior to that, they had four straight seasons of around 4 WAR, so there's a clear sense that they and Scherzer will be hitting the market with pretty similar resumes. Price has a slightly longer history of great performance, but that comes with more innings (and more wear and tear). If we assume Price has another 5 WAR kind of year, and I think we should, then they will arrive at free agency under very similar conditions. Although he's a lefty, so maybe we'll see a slight premium.
So let's figure out what we think Price will cost on the open market and see if it makes sense for the Tigers to pay that. Let's say he's going to get 7 years. Scherzer just got $30 million per season, but some of that was deferred money, so it's more like $26 million if you care about the value over 7 years. Lester got right around there per year for six years. Basic inflation probably bumps that up to $27 million or so starting next year.
That's 7 years, $189 million. If they don't do the Scherzer deferment thing, we can probably say 7 years, $180-$200 million is the contract he'll sign with another Price-like season. There are some quality names on the market next year, but Scherzer had Shields and Lester as well.
If you think Price is better than Lester and Scherzer, use 7/$200M. If he's on par, it's 7/$185M. Let's call it 7/$190M just for the sake of only using one number. That's what Price will make if things go according to plan. While Price seems open to an extension, there's no indication he's in love with Detroit and would give a major discount to stay. However, let's assume they would be willing to offset the risk of the 2015 season by giving the Tigers a chance to start this extension in 2015. In other words, Price will sign with the Tigers for 7/$190M starting this year while every other team would sign them for 7/$190M starting next year. That's the “hometown” discount we'll apply.
Alright, let's see what we think.
The cost of a win on the free agent market is somewhere in the $7 million range right now, but it might easily be $7.5 million by the time 2016 rolls around. This value is an estimate, but it's a pretty good one, and the reason we use it is because if the Tigers chose not to sign Price they would have a pile of money they could then use on the free agent market, and they could buy wins at that price, more or less. In general, it's a good guide, but don't take it as gospel.
So the Tigers are already on the hook for 1/$20M, meaning we care about Price's age 30-35 seasons and a 6 year, $170 million contract.
To earn that deal at the market rate ($7.5M/WAR), Price needs to provide the Tigers with 23 WAR over the life of those 6 years. That comes out to 3.8 WAR per season, which doesn't seem like a lot. After all, Price has five straight seasons at that mark. But we have to assume that Price is going to get worse into their 30s because almost every pitcher does. It probably won't be a cliff, but they will not continue to be an ace indefinitely.
Let's try this a few ways. Let's assume Price is a 6 WAR pitcher for 2015. That's their starting point. A typical aging curve for a 30+ pitcher subtracts half a win per year. So that means over 2016-2021, Price would be worth 25.5 WAR! So if you believe in them as a 6 WAR starter right now and you believe in normal aging, this is a deal that can totally work for the Tigers.
But now let's say he's a 5 WAR starter in 2015. Then Price comes out at 19.5 WAR. If he's a 4 WAR starter in 2015, they come out at 13.5 WAR. Now we're getting dicey. If he's a 6 WAR starter now, he's worth $180 million during this $170 million deal. Awesome. If he's a 5 WAR starter, he's worth $146 million. If he's a 4 WAR starter he's worth $101 million.
So one important factor here is determining how good you think Price is right now. That's a projection question and an open question. There is evidence that supports a range of outcomes between 4-6 WAR and I can't fault a team for taking either end of the spectrum. Evaluating pitchers is tough.
But now let's say the Tigers are very motivated to keep Price because they can keep them contending at a higher level that they can without him. Let's say they are very committed to going for it every year and can afford to pay more than average for Price because they think he's truly the best available pitcher whom they could sign for those 6 years. That's not an approach I would take when deciding to sign Price, but it's a valid approach. So let's say the Tigers are willing to pay $9 million per win. They are all in and their owner is old. Anything above $9 million starts to get a little silly because they're actively ignoring a cheaper version of the same wins, but $1.5 million above market price seems like a good enough margin of error.
Let's walk through those values again (cost of $170 million, assume $9M/WAR)
6 WAR pitchers, Tigers value at $230 million
5 WAR pitchers, Tigers value at $175 million
4 WAR pitchers, Tigers value at $120 million
At the market rate, you have to buy Price as a 6 WAR pitcher to want to sign him. If the Tigers really don't care about efficiency, you can sign them at 5 WAR. There's plenty of margin for error on these estimates, but not enough to like any of the other options.
So should the Tigers do it?
I cautiously recommend that they should. It's not going to be a good value, but there's a pretty decent chance it winds up working out fine. It's not unreasonable to think they might currently be a 6 WAR pitcher and if they are, this contract can work out just fine. If you think he's a 5 WAR pitcher, it doesn't take much to smear the numbers into looking just fine. The Tigers aren't afraid to spend a little extra money for sexy names (something I often chastise), but for a small premium, it's not a big deal.
But if you think he's a 4 WAR pitcher, this isn't going to work out well. There's no scenario in which the Tigers aren't wasting a huge sum of money.
So what's the difference between Scherzer and Price? Why did I recommend no on Max and yes on David? Three really important things happened between last December and today.
First, the Tigers extended Miguel Cabrera. The deal was way too much to pay for Cabrera, not because they aren't good, but because no one was going to pay more when they hit FA. But that deal signaled the Tigers have no real interest in being a cost effective team and they also care way more about the short term future than they do about the long term future.
The Victor Martinez contract said the same thing. The Tigers want 2015-2016 wins really badly and damn the 2019-2020 team.
But we kind of knew this about the Tigers already. The kicker was when they traded Rick Porcello, because my entire Scherzer philosophy was predicated on the team extending Porcello. If the Tigers had Verlander-Sanchez-Porcello locked up, I wouldn't be so keen on investing in a Price (or a Scherzer). But without Porcello, the Tigers have a serious long term hole in the rotation. Sanchez is good and cost effective, but he's not a model of health. Verlander could still be great, but the signs are starting to point toward just being solid. Shane Greene has potential, but with no top end pitching talent on the farm, there's a vacancy or two.
If the Tigers want to really contend for the next few seasons, they need another top level starting pitcher. It can be someone from outside the organization or it can be Price. Either is fine, I'm not partial to “guys we know,” but I don't see an obvious way to acquire an elite pitcher via trade given the club's circumstances. Never count out Dave on that front, but acquiring a great arm under team control is hard.
So it's Price or a free agent, and there's no reason to adore a particular free agent over Price…except maybe for Strasburg, who would be around a year too late. Greinke, Cueto, and Zimmermann are all very good, but none of them are a tier above Price.
Which is why I'd support a Price extension. I don't think it's a necessity. I don't think he's too good to let walk. But the Tigers need a pitcher of their caliber into the future and he's going to come at a discount, however small.
The Tigers have a way of doing things. Sometimes it drives me crazy and sometimes it's great. They eschew depth and cost controlled talent and it bites them pretty often. But they're not afraid to spend money and don't let a few million get in the way of a player they like. I can't really see a justification for not seriously pursuing a Porcello extension over the last two years, but I also know they aren't going to get down to the final hour of a negotiation and walk away from the table because of pennies.
The Tigers and I don't always like the same kind of players, but when they like a player, I love the way they pursue them.
I don't need “David Price” in a rotation, but the Tigers need their level of production. If they like him, they should go ahead and keep him.
Advertisements
Cokefreak Profile Joined June 2011 Finland 8042 Posts #2 Oh shit on my birthday!
DusTerr Profile Blog Joined January 2011 2519 Posts #3 Glad to see SC2 will be at Assembly!
Killmouse Profile Joined August 2010 Austria 5688 Posts #4 so assemly winter is the LAN in helsinki and ASUS ROG was the sponsor of the last sc2 tournaments and they pulled out, am i gettin this right? yo
iNsaNe- Profile Joined January 2005 Finland 5198 Posts #5 On January 14 2013 08:12 Killmouse wrote:
so assemly winter is the LAN in helsinki and ASUS ROG was the sponsor of the last sc2 tournaments and they pulled out, am i gettin this right?
http://www.teamliquid.net/forum/viewmessage.php?topic_id=392380 It takes a fool to remain sane.
Azhrak Profile Joined January 2011 Finland 1059 Posts #6 On January 14 2013 08:12 Killmouse wrote:
so assemly winter is the LAN in helsinki and ASUS ROG was the sponsor of the last sc2 tournaments and they pulled out, am i gettin this right?
Assembly is a LAN event that is organized two times a year, Assembly Summer in August and Assembly Winter in February. The Summer event is more focused on demoscene (digital arts, see
ASUS has been sponsoring Assembly for a long time, but in 2010-2011 as their ROG brand was taking leaps forward they agreed to launch a tournament series in the name of ROG in 2011. The tournament series was organized by Hämälä who already had connections to ASUS because of the long lasting sponsorship between ASUS and Assembly. Now as Hämälä stepped aside, ASUS did too, and we don't have a ROG tournament.
As far as I know, ASUS has always been happy with the ROG tournaments. The viewer counts were rising and the event was developing into a unique thing. I'm sure ASUS would have continued the series, but Hämälä was the reason ROG tournaments happened, and now that they don't do it, there is no one at the moment who could step into their shoes. Assembly is a LAN event that is organized two times a year, Assembly Summer in August and Assembly Winter in February. The Summer event is more focused on demoscene (digital arts, see archives ) and the Winter event focuses on gaming.ASUS has been sponsoring Assembly for a long time, but in 2010-2011 as their ROG brand was taking leaps forward they agreed to launch a tournament series in the name of ROG in 2011. The tournament series was organized by Hämälä who already had connections to ASUS because of the long lasting sponsorship between ASUS and Assembly. Now as Hämälä stepped aside, ASUS did too, and we don't have a ROG tournament.As far as I know, ASUS has always been happy with the ROG tournaments. The viewer counts were rising and the event was developing into a unique thing. I'm sure ASUS would have continued the series, but Hämälä was the reason ROG tournaments happened, and now that they don't do it, there is no one at the moment who could step into their shoes. starcraft2.fi
Solarsail Profile Joined July 2012 United Kingdom 530 Posts #7 So Asus ROG is still sponsoring Assembly proper, and Assembly is still holding an SC2 tournament, but Asus ROG isn't sponsoring that tournament solely because one man isn't involved? Doesn't make sense. Everyone left over is a member of the OP race and you have to figure out which one of them is the least OP. - CosmicSpiral
Azhrak Profile Joined January 2011 Finland 1059 Posts #8 On January 14 2013 18:09 Solarsail wrote:
So Asus ROG is still sponsoring Assembly proper, and Assembly is still holding an SC2 tournament, but Asus ROG isn't sponsoring that tournament solely because one man isn't involved? Doesn't make sense.
No, ASUS ROG is not sponsoring Assembly this time (contrary to what assembly.org suggests). No, ASUS ROG is not sponsoring Assembly this time (contrary to what assembly.org suggests). starcraft2.fi
Waxangel Profile Blog Joined September 2002 United States 27026 Posts #9 more money for elfi, I like Administrator Hey HP can you redo everything youve ever done because i have a small complaint?
Rescawen Profile Joined April 2010 Finland 1023 Posts #10 On January 14 2013 19:46 Waxangel wrote:
more money for elfi, I like
This time i wanna try to take that money! This time i wanna try to take that money!
Master of DalK Profile Blog Joined June 2012 Canada 1610 Posts #11
Even though its a small SC2 tourney, It's still a big event and should get some love! This will be cool, and I like the open application for community streams too, gives me a chance at casting awesome stuffEven though its a small SC2 tourney, It's still a big event and should get some love! @MasterDalK | Technical Director at Waveform Entertainment | Streaming Every Esport Under the Sun
FnaticNaama Profile Joined February 2010 Finland 119 Posts #12 On January 14 2013 19:46 Waxangel wrote:
more money for elfi, I like
actually elfi almost never wins finnish tournaments actually elfi almost never wins finnish tournaments Naama - Dreamhack 2010 Champion and a proud creator of naama scv train and naama wall-in
DusTerr Profile Blog Joined January 2011 2519 Posts #13 On January 16 2013 02:18 FnaticNaama wrote:
Show nested quote +
On January 14 2013 19:46 Waxangel wrote:
more money for elfi, I like
actually elfi almost never wins finnish tournaments actually elfi almost never wins finnish tournaments
you going to make sure of it? you going to make sure of it?
Sea_Food Profile Blog Joined May 2011 Finland 1612 Posts #14 expect alot of sub 10minute games
MarieJohanna Profile Joined April 2011 Germany 41 Posts #15 On January 14 2013 06:07 Cokefreak wrote:
Oh shit on my birthday!
funny, mine is on the 21st ;D funny, mine is on the 21st ;D More GG more Skill
markrevival Profile Joined January 2012 United States 222 Posts #16 would any swedes go over for this? it could be a really sick lineup of players if it was finnish and swedish players together. many of the best in the world right there
Zealously Profile Blog Joined October 2011 East Gorteau 21066 Posts #17 On January 16 2013 06:07 markrevival wrote:
would any swedes go over for this? it could be a really sick lineup of players if it was finnish and swedish players together. many of the best in the world right there
We have something called Finnkampen in Sweden/Finland, which is basicly the two countries getting together and throw their best athletes at each other and see who comes out alive (somewhat simplified, but that's the gist of it) - if nothing else, Assembly could end up being something like that. I think it'd be very cool. We have something called Finnkampen in Sweden/Finland, which is basicly the two countries getting together and throw their best athletes at each other and see who comes out alive (somewhat simplified, but that's the gist of it) - if nothing else, Assembly could end up being something like that. I think it'd be very cool. Administrator Daniel Olsson
y0su Profile Blog Joined September 2011 Finland 7868 Posts #18 On January 16 2013 06:33 Zealously wrote:
Show nested quote +
On January 16 2013 06:07 markrevival wrote:
would any swedes go over for this? it could be a really sick lineup of players if it was finnish and swedish players together. many of the best in the world right there
We have something called Finnkampen in Sweden/Finland, which is basicly the two countries getting together and throw their best athletes at each other and see who comes out alive (somewhat simplified, but that's the gist of it) - if nothing else, Assembly could end up being something like that. I think it'd be very cool. We have something called Finnkampen in Sweden/Finland, which is basicly the two countries getting together and throw their best athletes at each other and see who comes out alive (somewhat simplified, but that's the gist of it) - if nothing else, Assembly could end up being something like that. I think it'd be very cool.
That could be something... I wonder if any Norwegians might be fluid enough to join as well That could be something... I wonder if any Norwegians might beenough to join as well Past 2 Blizzcon winners were 14th seed... next year only top 8 will qualify!! twitch.tv/y0su @y0su_
Weavel Profile Joined January 2010 Finland 8719 Posts #19 Welmu got this. Naama has a good change also. Will watch for sure. Life/Seed//Mvp/NaNiwa fighting! ZeNEX forever!
Azhrak Profile Joined January 2011 Finland 1059 Posts #20 OP updated:
is over and four players earned a spot in the main SC2 tournament of ASSEMBLY Winter 2013.
The first qualified players
cSc.Turuk
cSc.Turuk Serral
Serral supr.Divinesia
supr.Divinesia RelaX
The first invites have also been sent out.
The first invited players
Mill.Feast
Mill.Feast NrS.Welmu
NrS.Welmu elfi
elfi Fnatic.Naama
will be held next wednesday, 23 January. The first qualifier is over and four players earned a spot in the main SC2 tournament of ASSEMBLY Winter 2013.The first invites have also been sent out. The second qualifier will be held next wednesday, 23 January. starcraft2.fi
1 2 3 4 5 Next All
Ads support the website by covering server and domain costs. We're just a group of gamers here, like you, doing what we love to do: playing video games and bringing y'all niche goodness. So, if you like what we do and want to help us out, make an exception by turning off AdBlock for our website. In return, we promise to keep intrusive ads, such as pop-ups, off oprainfall. Thanks, everyone!
By Ryan Tyner / February 3rd, 2013
Monolith Soft has shared what appears to be concept art for their 3DS project they are working on. They posted the art on their Japanese Facebook page. They are looking for staff to assist them on the game. The positions are for their Kyoto office, which is the team manned by Yasuyuki Honne and the team that developed Baten Kaitos and Baten Kaitos Origins.
So what does everybody think? The game certainly looks fascinating! I can't help but think of the Wizard of Oz when I look at it. Hopefully we'll have some news regarding the game soon, maybe at E3.
Monolith Soft's Facebook Page
About Ryan Tyner Ryan is an owner and manager of the oprainfall website, mostly managing changes needed for the website and maintenance. They also write articles from time-to-time. Their gaming interests include mostly RPGs; both Western and Japanese. Ryan has a graduate degree in psychology.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Tumblr
AnimeShinbun
N4G
Reddit
Like this: Like Loading...
This article is over 2 years old
Press freedom in Turkey is 'under siege', says CPJ
Press freedom in Turkey is “under siege”, said the New York-based Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) in a letter to Turkey's prime minister.
It was protesting about the Turkish government's takeover of the Feza Gazetecilik media company.
On Friday, the Turkish authorities took control of Feza's newspapers, Zaman and Today's Zaman. Late on Monday, the authorities also seized control of Feza's news agency, Cihan.
Feta Gazetecilik backs the US-based Muslim cleric Fethullah Gülen, who is an influential foe of the Turkish president, Recep Tayyip Erdoğan.
They have accused Gülen of conspiring to overthrow their government by building a so-called terrorist network, with supporters in the judiciary, police and media. Turkey's prime minister, Ahmet Davutoğlu, has also referred to the Gülen movement as a terrorist organisation. Gülen denies such charges.
In its letter to Davutoğlu, the CPJ urged them to fulfil pledges they made to its delegation in October 2014 to uphold the freedom of the press.
It registered its “dismay” at the takeover of the Feza media group. If not reversed, it said, it “will send a chilling message to Turkey's remaining independent and critical journalists.”
The CPJ letter pointed to news reports and video footage of scenes outside Zaman's Istanbul offices where police used tear gas and water cannons against journalists and protesters. It said:
“In a statement to the press, quoted by the independent newspaper Hurriyet Daily News on Sunday, you denied that government played any role in these developments, saying that the court ruling was judicial and apolitical and that the case should not be seen as a press freedom violation... With all due respect, this account is not credible; the zealous conduct of at least two government agencies - the prosecutor's office and the police - suggests the takeover was politicised. Prosecutors undertook the judicial proceedings against Feza media group without any lawyer for the company present in court to dispute the allegations. Police then imposed the ruling with unnecessary brutality.”
It reminded Davutoğlu, who has been in Brussels negotiating with the European Union over the refugee crisis, that the raid on Feza followed similar action against another company, Koza Ipek, which owned news outlets that have since been shut down.
Press freedom in Turkey “is under siege”, said the CPJ, “with increasing numbers of journalists in jail, violence against journalists on the rise, and critical news outlets officially harassed or obstructed.”
It concluded with a call to Davutoğlu to defend Turkey's constitution and to “ensure that your country meets its commitments under international law, including its commitments to free expression.”
A copy of the letter, signed by the CPJ's executive director, Joel Simon, was sent to President Erdoğan.
Source: The full letter
Kansas City had a murder problem. For the past decade it's violent crime rate had made it one of the top ten dangerous cities in America.
Then three years ago, city officials decided to try a strategy being used by a growing number of police departments across the country: smart policing. The idea is to sift through huge amounts of data to help prevent crime.
Police and researchers use computers to figure out who is most likely to commit murders, robberies and rapes. Software also looks through law enforcement files to uncover who those high-risk individuals know so police can pressure the entire group to steer clear of violence.
“This is not about putting more people in prison, it's about putting the right people in prison,” said Capt. Joe McHale of the Kansas City Police Department.
The program, described by McHale as a success, is a huge shift from the traditional police work of walking a neighborhood beat and building personal contacts. By using technology, police can connect information within police reports that would otherwise go unnoticed and learn where to focus their attention.
But Kansas City's approach also raises questions by people who fear that it could violate privacy. They also ask whether police are abusing their powers by putting residents under the microscope, including innocent people and those who are just minor offenders.
The program officially launched in January 2013, but was conceived a few months earlier, when city officials were inspired by smart policing in other cities. The police department partnered with the University of Missouri in Kansas City to learn how to analyze their data.
“The police were unaware of who keeps getting picked up,” said Ken Novak, a criminology professor at the university who is helping with the program. “The first component of network analysis was looking at the police department's own records.”
The plan Kansas City ultimately decided on goes a step further than merely data analysis. It also includes a carrot and stick approach to combating crime.
The carrot: the department has five social workers whose mission is to work with anyone who has been identified as at risk of committing a violent crime—about 800 people in all. The social workers try to identify problems that might cause these people to commit violent crimes—substance abuse and unemployment, for example —and get help find ways to address them like job training and getting a birth certificate.
The stick: the police also work with local community leaders to meet with groups they've identified as likely perpetrators of violent crimes. They explain the consequences of crime and let group members know that if one of them commits violence, everyone else will be put under increased police surveillance for any outstanding legal problems like unpaid parking tickets and graffiti.
Jeffrey Mittman, executive director of the Missouri's American Civil Liberties Union, said they support the program's focus on community outreach. But they question its long-term effectiveness and the fairness of putting entire groups of people in law enforcement's cross-hairs.
“If someone has done nothing wrong, targeting them is wrong,” Mittman said. They added that “it's on the police department to make sure the police officers are well trained and know the Constitution and know how to handle the grey areas.”
Since the program launched, Kansas City's homicide rate has fallen to a 47-year low. The department is also having more success finding homicide suspects. The rate for solving homicide cases is now 72%, up from 40%. But it's unclear whether any of those improvements are because of the data analysis or broader trends. It's also unclear if they are sustainable.
Kansas City isn't alone in its use of data. A number of other cities are trying different variations. For example, in 2011 Los Angeles started using PredPol, a tool that crunches historic crime data to identify places where crime is more likely so that police know to add a bigger presence. Four months after PredPol rolled out, the crime rate there has dropped by 13%.
In Chula Vista, Calif., near San Diego, the police department has started a data analysis program to reduce domestic violence. Meanwhile in Phoenix, police are trying out body cameras and gathering data on how the cameras affect interactions with the public. They saw a 44% reduction in complaints against police officers compared to 20% in a control group.
Federal officials are trying to encourage smart policing. In 2009, the Department of Justice partnered with CNA, a data analysis company, as part of a program that awards grants to local police departments for testing data driven policing with outside partners. So far, the agency has funded over 38 different police departments.
“There was concern about the downturn in the economy and a drain in resources for police officers,” said CNA managing director James Coldren. “I've been doing research on crime for the past 35 years, this is the most exciting work we've done.”
For Kansas City, It's not just about exciting research. It comes down to a safer city. “The people who are at risk of committing crimes are also at risk of being victims of violent crime,” said Novak, the criminologist. “Looking at the social structure of violent crime is like trying to stem the spread of a disease.”
What is an atheist? Any simple Internet search will tell you that an atheist is someone who rejects the existence of any godlike deities. However, for many people, especially those not familiar with the concept of atheism, this raises more questions than it answers.
Religion in the United States is very connected to our country's sense of community, morality and lifestyle. For someone to reject the entire notion of religion may seem quite strange. But in the year 2013, the concept of nonbelief is becoming more widespread. More and more people are renouncing their ties to religion and labeling themselves atheists.
So what does it truly mean to be an atheist?
Atheists, despite surprisingly common misconceptions, are not immoral heathens whose only goal in life is to destroy religion and make everyone unhappy (while this may seem like obvious hyperbole, some people actually think this way). Atheists, humanists, secularists and other types of nonbelievers are just as diverse as their theistic counterparts.
Atheists come in all shapes and sizes. People who call themselves atheists have their own reasons for leaving their religion, their own attitudes toward faith and religion, and their own unique spiritual beliefs, morals and ways of life.
For someone to say that all atheists behave in a certain way is not only false, but proves that person doesn't understand what atheism is or has never met anyone who considers themselves an atheist. However, even that is no excuse for making generic or untrue statements about a group of people that only continues to grow around the world.
As an atheist, I am continually met with a mixture of criticism and shock when people realize that I do not believe in God. I am bombarded by questions from people who have never met an atheist and who immediately assume atheism is wrong because it does not fit their way of thinking or their ideas regarding religion.
At first, when I was still coming to terms with my own spiritual beliefs, I was really taken aback by these types of reactions. They made me extremely uncomfortable. I wasn't ready for a complete examination of my way of thinking about religion, and as I began to reel, looking for answers to the questions posed to me, it seemed to only further prove to the person asking them that atheism was a complete hoax.
Atheism is not a hoax; it is a distinctive way of thinking that is gathering momentum around the world. But many young adults struggle with their sense of identity. Not having an answer for every question that is thrown at them about their religion or lack thereof does not make the way they think wrong. You may not convince the person you are talking to of the validity of your beliefs, but is that really important? Is it important to fit a specific mold that society has laid out with prescribed terms?
I realized that I could use this skepticism as a way to continue to evaluate the way that I thought about the world. After several years of considering myself an atheist I am more confident in my own beliefs, but I also recognize the turmoil and uncertainty that people go through as they try to understand something that is strange and new to them.
Atheism, like religion, does not fit one specific mold. And in the increasingly diverse society that we live in, it is nice to be truthful about the things you believe or don't believe and the way you want to live your life.
The next time someone tells you they are an atheist, instead of automatically assuming you now know more about this person, think about your own personal beliefs. The struggles that you face on a daily basis with your own spirituality and the feelings that you hold about your life choices are the same whether you are religious or not.
Religious faith, or lack of faith, is a unique and personal aspect of every human being. Our spiritual beliefs are complex machines and, in the end, there is no mold that defines any of us.
What has Blackwell, Texas got in common with James Bond? The British agent has used their license to kill to bump off a population the same size as its 354 inhabitants since the films began in 1962.
The launch of Skyfall is sure to increase that number. James Bond films are famous for two things: one is their awesome sex life; the other is the sheer numbers of people who get shot, poisoned, eaten by sharks or sliced up by a circular saw.
How violent are Bond's films? Perhaps unsurprisingly, the body counts are extremely controversial, with several sites with competing counts and methodology.
Argument reigns, for example, over whether Sean Connery's 1983 Never Say Never Again is actually a real Bond film at all: it wasn't made by Eon Productions, which has produced the films out of Pinewood since 1962. There was also the 'first' Bond film: Casino Royale in 1954 (which had Barry Nelson playing Bond as, gulp, American) and another Casino Royale in swinging 1967, starring Peter Sellers, David Niven and Woody Allen.
But the modern series starting with Dr No is well-documented by fans. There are two good sources: Commander Bond.net and the rather wonderful All Outta Bubble Gum which compiles body counts for hundreds of movies.
So, here's the data. And it shows a total of 1,299 deaths in all the official Bond films (excluding both the early Casino Royale's and Never Say Never Again). Of those, 352 kills were by Bond (354 if you include Never…) and 947 by others.
That's an average death per movie of 16 people killed by Bonds - and 59 from all causes.
Sean Connery's You Only Live Twice was the most deadly film: 196 deaths. Compare that to the first film, Dr No with only 12, four of them by Bond.
However the deadliest Bond was Pierce Brosnan - they killed 135 people in four films, an average of 33.8 per movie.
The full data is below for you to download (and correct). Let us know what we've missed.
Data summary
KIlls per Bond movie Click heading to sort table. Download this data Film Official Bond Year Bond actor Bond kills Others' kills Total Dr. No Official 1962 Sean Connery 4 8 12 From Russia With Love Official 1963 Sean Connery 11 16 27 Goldfinger Official 1964 Sean Connery 9 68 77 Thunderball Official 1965 Sean Connery 20 90 110 You Only Live Twice Official 1967 Sean Connery 21 175 196 On Them Majesty's Secret Service Official 1969 George Lazenby 5 37 42 Diamonds Are Forever Official 1971 Sean Connery 7 42 49 Live and Let Die Official 1973 Roger Moore 8 5 13 The Man with the Golden Gun Official 1974 Roger Moore 1 5 6 The Spy Who Loved Me Official 1977 Roger Moore 31 116 147 Moonraker Official 1979 Roger Moore 12 69 81 For Your Eyes Only Official 1981 Roger Moore 18 36 54 Octopussy Official 1983 Roger Moore 15 43 58 A View to a Kill Official 1985 Roger Moore 5 57 62 The Living Daylights Official 1987 Timothy Dalton 13 29 42 Licence to Kill Official 1989 Timothy Dalton 10 13 23 GoldenEye Official 1995 Pierce Brosnan 47 25 72 Tomorrow Never Dies Official 1997 Pierce Brosnan 30 24 54 The World is Not Enough Official 1999 Pierce Brosnan 27 43 70 Die Another Day Official 2002 Pierce Brosnan 31 20 51 Casino Royale Official 2006 Daniel Craig 11 11 22 Quantum of Solace Official 2008 Daniel Craig 16 15 31 TOTALS 352 947 1299 AVERAGE 16 43 59
• DATA: download the full spreadsheet
NEW! Buy our book
• Facts are Sacred: the power of data (on Kindle)
More open data
Data journalism and data visualisations from the Guardian
World government data
• Search the world's government data with our gateway
Development and aid data
• Search the world's global development data with our gateway
Can you do something with this data?
• Flickr Please post your visualisations and mash-ups on our Flickr group
• Contact us at data@guardian.co.uk
• Get the A-Z of data
• More at the Datastore directory
• Follow us on Twitter
• Like us on Facebook
Chicago Police believe members of the notorious Mexican street gang La Raza used an AR-style rifle to carry out a brazen attack on Tuesday that left two plainclothes officers wounded and touched off a citywide manhunt.
Gunmen shot up an unmarked police van with a handgun and a .223 caliber rifle, most likely an AR-15, department sources told the Chicago Sun-Times.
Police say both officers were shot with a “high-powered weapon” — one in the hip and arm and the other in the back. The officers were released from Stroger Hospital on Wednesday after receiving treatment for non-life threatening wounds.
“It's a miracle the officers are still alive,” said police spokesperson Anthony Guglielmi.
The pair were investigating a prior gang-related shooting in the city's Back of The Yards neighborhood on Tuesday night when two cars pulled up alongside the police van, according to police. Without warning, occupants of those vehicles fired “indiscriminately” into the van before speeding away.
The shooting sparked a frantic search for the assailants, believed to be La Raza members prowling in rival gang territory. Police recovered a rifle and a handgun from an abandoned Chrysler minivan thought to be one of the vehicles used in the attack, the Chicago Tribune reported.
Investigators are currently questioning three “persons of interest” and are searching for two additional suspects. It is unclear whether the officers were the target of a planned attack or randomly targeted.
“It's just another example of how dangerous this job is,” Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson said at a press conference on Wednesday. “And I think people take it for granted that when police officers come to work every day, they put their lives on the line every single day they get in their car.”
Warring Hispanic gangs in the violent Back of the Yards neighborhood are increasingly making rifles their weapon of choice, reports the Tribune. Between the summer of 2016 and February, more than 30 shootings using semi-automatic rifles occurred there and in neighboring Brighton Park
At least 46 people were shot in those attacks, 13 fatally.
Follow Will on Twitter
Send tips to will@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
For the last 30 years or so, our homes have been growing. The square footage in the average home today is TWICE what it was during our parent's grade school years and up until recently, this trend didn't seem stoppable.
Then the bubble burst and we found out that we really didn't need a 4,500 square foot home with amenities galore. The McMansion could be going the way of the mastodon as home buyers discover the joys of less maintenance, less cost, and more family togetherness.
Whether you're considering building a new home or buying and existing smaller home, there are some distinct advantages. A smaller home might just be the home of your dreams.
1. A smaller home is cheaper up front.
A smaller initial cost means less down payment, fewer points on your mortgage, and a smaller monthly payment for your budget. If you can swing it, putting more than 20 percent down might even get you a better interest rate and will certainly exempt you from private mortgage insurance, saving you a substantial amount.
2. A smaller home saves energy.
So long as it's properly constructed and insulated, a smaller home has less cubic footage to heat and cool, provided you don't build one with 14 foot ceilings! Smaller homes have fewer windows (energy leaks), fewer exterior doors (energy leaks), and smaller HVAC systems to run which will help save energy.
3. A smaller home is expandable.
So long as you plan for it (and sometimes even if you don't), a smaller home can be expanded. If you think your parents may move in with you or you plan on growing your family, plan to build a smaller home with an addition mind.
4. A smaller home could leave more room for a garden.
If you build a 1,200 square foot home rather than a 2,800 square foot home, you'll have more space to grow vegetables and flowers!
5. A smaller home is cheaper to decorate.
Do we really need a breakfast nook and a full-size dining room? How about a living room and a den? Every room you eliminate is one less room to heat, cool, and decorate.
6. A smaller home forces us to have a “home.”
When there's four people in a 4,500 square foot monster, each of them in a separate part of the house “doing their own thing,” there isn't any family togetherness. I know. My home is no where near that size but the five of us seem to rarely be in the same room – together.
7. A smaller home gives you peace of mind.
Half the size could mean half the price – and half the payment. If you lose your job, wouldn't a 50 percent smaller house payment be nice?
8. A smaller home saves on maintenance and cleaning.
They have fewer windows to wash, fewer gutters to clean, less semi-annual maintenance to do, and a smaller roof to one day replace. Your broom, mop and vacuum cleaner will last longer. You might not need that maid anymore.
9. A smaller home can be more durable.
Since you're constructing less square footage (and that is typically how a home builder prices their homes), you can afford to buy more durable materials (which are usually more expensive).
10. A smaller home eliminates the temptation to spend.
If you don't have anywhere to put all the stuff you're tempted to buy, you might buy less!
11. A smaller home gets you outside more often.
With less space, you'll probably be more inclined to enjoy the outdoors more, giving you the motivation to exercise or just enjoy the sunshine and that garden I mentioned.
12. A smaller home is more customizable.
If you're spending less to construct the home, you may have more funds to install fancier counter-tops, nicer faucets, better cabinets, or premium flooring. You have less space, so you'll buy less of those upgraded products anyway!
Have you considered scaling down to a smaller home?
A new international study suggests thiamethoxam, one of the most commonly used neonicotinoid pesticides, is disrupting the reproductive health of wild bumblebees.
The chemical is widely used to coat crop seeds prior to planting so that when they germinate, the insecticde is carried throughout the plant's vascular system, thereby inoculating it against insect pests while also exposing pollinators through the plant's pollen.
Nigel Raine, a professor in the school of environmental studies at the University of Guelph, was among a team of international researchers who wanted to examine the possible effects of exposure to the chemical on wild bumblebees during the spring planting season, a crucial time in the insects' reproductive health.
Wild pollinators, such as bumblebees, are vital to farmers work and play a large role in delivering abundant harvests of fruits and vegetables. (Todd Weddle/Associated Press) "When the queens have just emerged and they are trying to set up a colony, they are effectively carrying the hopes of their colony going forward," Raine told CBC Kitchener-Waterloo's The Morning Edition host Craig Norris Thursday.
Bees carried smaller eggs
The researchers went into the field and collected four different species of wild bumblebees that were foraging on canola or oil seed flowers in the U.K.
They then gave some of the insects two doses of thiamethoxam, which would have been the equivalent of what they would have been exposed to during the spring plant, while a control group was not exposed to the pesticide.
The scientists then monitored the rate at which the insects fed on artificial nectar as well as the development of their ovaries.
About one in three mouthfuls of food we eat are dependent on the unmanaged pollination services of wild bees. So we would see a significantly harder job for farmers to produce that food. - Nigel Raine, University of Guelph researcher
"What we found was that in all four of the species, at the higher level of neonicotinoid exposure that the size of the eggs in their ovaries was significantly smaller, which we think means probably that they would lay their eggs later and their colonies would develop and start later than those who were not exposed to the pesticide," Raine said.
"About one in three mouthfuls of food we eat are dependent on the unmanaged pollination services of wild bees," University of Guelph professor Nigel Raine said. (Adam Wyld/Canadian Press) "In two of the four species we also found a reduction in the amount of the nectar they were eating, which is going to limit the amount of energy they have for flying around to find food and to look after the offspring, to look after the eggs and larvae once they've laid them."
Wild bees key to agriculture
The study suggests exposure to the chemical during the spring planting season seems to have a disruptive effect on the breeding cycle of wild bumblebee, which could lead to a decline in their numbers.
Raine said that wild pollinators, such as bumblebees, are vital to farmers work and play a large role in delivering abundant harvests of fruits and vegetables.
"About one in three mouthfuls of food we eat are dependent on the unmanaged pollination services of wild bees," they said. "So we would see a significantly harder job for farmers to produce that food and presumably a rise in food prices or a shortage in those foods if we lose pollinators."
Raine also noted the repercussions would likely go much further than agriculture.
"About 90 per cent of flowering plant species rely on some form of animal to pollinate them and bees are really important pollinators," they said.
"So losing wild bees would significantly change our landscapes and change our ecosystems."
On Wednesday, Governor-General David Johnston committed a small, barely noticeable breach of royal protocol: At a Canada 150 event in Britain, the man whose job it is to represent the monarch reached out their arm and held their elbow as they descended a staircase.
Out of respect, you're not supposed to touch the Queen, but the impulse behind Mr. Johnston's move was easy to understand. The woman who has been on the throne for 65 years, and who is on their 12th Canadian prime minister, is still in remarkably good health. But she's 91 years old.
The old song may wish that they will be "long to reign over us," but the longest-serving sovereign doesn't have many years of reigning left. Someday, they will pass.
Story continues below advertisement
When that happens, some Canadians will say this country should use the opportunity to redesign the institution of the head of state. Get rid of the monarchy and replace it with a fully-empowered governor-general, maybe even an elected one, thereby repatriating the last element of Canada's constitutional order.
What do we think of that idea? We think it would be a huge mistake. Our unique constitutional monarchy, the product of 150 years of thought, compromise and accident, is a fluke work of genius.
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau last week designated a successor for Mr. Johnston. Astronaut, engineer and business executive Julie Payette, who has led a career filled with achievements, will surely make a superb occupant of the office. They were no doubt selected because they represent Canadian excellence, and also because, as a Quebecker and a woman of tremendous accomplishment in science and technology, they represent things the government of the day wants to be associated with.
But Ms. Payette will also represent something else: A monarch who doesn't live here. And that is a part of what's so smart about the Canadian system.
Constitutional monarchy is arguably the best form of government going, practiced by some of the world's most successful and admired societies, from Norway to the Netherlands and Sweden to Japan. But Canada has produced an innovation to constitutional monarchy that makes our system just a little bit better.
Ms. Payette will fulfill the duties of a head of state – but they won't be a head of state. Like Mr. Johnston and governors-general before her, they will be merely a viceregal representative. She'll be standing in for somebody else, permanently. It's a humbling arrangement – never a bad thing when it comes to politics and power.
If constitutional monarchy is monarchy-lite, Canadian constitutional monarchy is monarchy-lite, plus monarch extra-lite.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The monarchy is the bedrock of Canada's constitutional order. If you commit a crime, you will be prosecuted by the Crown in the name of the Queen. In Parliament, a bill isn't a law until it receives royal assent.
The Canadian innovation has been to keep monarchy, while turning a non-resident monarch into less of a physical presence and more of an abstraction. And abstract ideas can be more powerful, durable and flexible than physical things.
Some of the Fathers of Confederation, including Sir John A. Macdonald, wanted to call this country The Kingdom of Canada. The Kingdom of Canada might eventually have emulated many newly independent European countries of the late 19th- and early 20th- centuries, importing a suitable member of the British Royal Family, and making them or them our local, resident, hereditary King or Queen of Canada.
It's a very good thing that did not happen. Instead, we have the institutions of monarchy, but without a resident monarch. It gives us a living constitutional monarchy, but with a figurehead who is to a large extent notional and virtual.
That turns Canadian governors-general and provincial lieutenant-governors into permanent second fiddles to a first fiddle who is never around. It also makes them seem kind of boring, which is fine, seeing as the monarch's representative has an actual job, and it isn't to sell more copies of Hello! magazine. Nor is it to be Canada's version of the Royal Family – which in Britain is the nexus for an entire industry of tabloid journalism and reality TV.
Earlier this summer, British Columbia's Lieutenant-Governor, Judith Guichon, was asked to do that rarest of constitutional jobs. They had to ensure that their province had a government. And after an election that delivered a hung parliament, they had to decide whether a government could be formed, or whether new elections were needed.
Story continues below advertisement
If something like this had happened in the U.S., it would have involved slow, painful and divisive litigation. In Canada, however, the question was kept out of that sphere, with the Lieutenant-Governor relying on convention.
Eureka, the Canadian system works.
Two former Georgia deputies charged with manslaughter in the death of an inmate have been acquitted by a jury.
Mathew Ajibade died in police custody following their arrest after a domestic disturbance in Savannah on January 1. During what their family later described as “a bipolar episode,” according to NBC News. The 22-year-old had been restrained in a chair in an isolation room and repeatedly tased in the groin, then left alone overnight. When officers checked on Ajibade the following morning, they were dead.
Jason Kenny, who used the stun gun on Ajibade, and Maxine Kenny were acquitted of the manslaughter charge, but found guilty on all others brought against them. Jason's charge of cruelty to a prisoner comes with a maximum prison sentence of 3 years, whereas Maxine was found guilty of falsifying records.
An attending nurse, Gregory Brown, was acquitted of the manslaughter charge earlier in the week due to errors made during the investigation and prosecution of the case.
“I knew that that same system that failed Mathew would not be the system that got them justice. I had already warned my family not to expect anything,” Ajibade's cousin, Chris Oladapo told NBC News. “We expected nothing, and we got nothing.”
[h/t NBC News]
[Image via screengrab]
— —
>> Follow Andrew Husband (@AndrewHusband) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
This past July, to coincide with their 22nd birthday, Seton Hall nursing student HIllary Sadlon embarked — with their boyfriend Evan Reed and best friend Meghan Cox — on a two-state, five-city, 10-hour goodwill tour.
Seton Hall student Hillary Sadlon holding their list of '22 Random Acts of Kindness' (Photo11: Courtesy: Hillary Sadlon)
Hillary Sadlon spent six months preparing for their most recent birthday.
The Seton Hall University senior was not planning a massive party. Instead, Sadlon was getting set to donate blood, deliver supplies to an animal shelter, load an elderly couple's car with groceries and help drivers pay their expressway tolls.
These good deeds represented only a fraction of what they dubbed "Hillary's 22 Random Acts of Kindness."
This past July, to coincide with their 22nd birthday, the nursing student embarked — with their boyfriend Evan Reed and best friend Meghan Cox — on a two-state, five-city, 10-hour goodwill tour. Sadlon's aim with their "Random Acts of Kindness" adventure: bringing joy to others on a day we typically reserve for ourselves.
"I truly believe you have two hands, one to help yourself and one to help others," said Sadlon, who carried out the acts in Bethlehem, Pa., their hometown of Belvidere, N.J. and the nearby Jersey locales of Hampton, Phillipsburg and Washington.
"When we were done, we were in the best mood you could ever imagine. And that's what I wanted for my birthday. Your birthday is supposed to be a happy day. That's what I was. Making someone else smile makes you want to smile."
Sadlon first gleaned inspiration in winter 2012 when they saw an article on Pinterest about a woman who performed similarly kind acts on their 28th birthday. They immediately went to work compiling a list of their own to be completed on July 23rd, the day they were set to turn 22.
Among the most significant acts they carried out during their birthday do-gooding: donating blood at Bethlehem's Miller-Keystone Blood Center. The center was so inspired by their act that staffers there featured them in a brief video interview.
"This goes back to me being a nursing major," they said. "I know the importance of the healthcare aspect. One of their problems is getting the younger generation to donate blood. Out of all the people able to donate, only 5% actually do. So I was very happy to do this for them."
As the day progressed, Sadlon was also happy to pass along water, water ice, ice cream, brownies, flowers, gift cards and inspirational greeting cards to a range of individuals including neighbors, bank tellers, gas station attendants, their mail carrier and their mother.
They also delivered donuts to a local police station. They brought balloons to special needs children.
And they donated paper towels, laundry detergent, hand soap, bleach, dog food, cat food, bird food, fish food and rabbit bedding to the nonprofit shelter Common Sense for Animals. Them animal aid was personally fulfilling, but one of their favorite moments of the day involved pure human interaction.
"My boyfriend and I went up to an elderly couple at Walmart and asked to load their groceries into their car," they said. "When I explained who I was and what I was doing, they just kept telling me 'May the Lord bless you. There needs to be more kindness in this world. You're so inspiring.' They actually wanted a picture of me and Evan. They're from Florida. I liked that we could spread the kindness to them and they could go back and talk about what happened when they were in New Jersey."
The Florida couple's response mirrored those of many others Sadlon came across.
"When we did the different acts, it was so heartwarming," they said. "I hate to say it, but the way society is today it's kind of hard to approach a stranger and have them accept your kindness. There was an apprehensiveness in the beginning. But every time I approached someone and explained who I was and what I was doing, everyone accepted our kindness. There wasn't one person who turned us down or was confused."
Sadlon's day ended with a surprise for their grandmother.
In the late afternoon, they stopped by their grandmother's home unannounced with Cox and Reed.
"I love my nana," Sadlon said. "She is full-blown Italian. Whenever you come, she's like 'How long are you staying? Can I feed you?' This time I said, 'Nana, I'm sorry we have to pass on the food, but this is what we want to do for you.'"
The trio proceeded to weed their front yard.
"She's my everything. She's my only grandparent I've had for a while. She's very near and dear to my heart. So to be able to do something for them was really meaningful for me."
Ultimately, the yard work was one of the final entries on a list full of meaning — one they hope inspires others to create lists of their own.
According to Sadlon, "It means so much when people come to me and say 'I'm going to have my kids do this.' ... I want to get it out there because the more people who see it, it hits everyone a little differently and people go about it in their own way. Hopefully, in the end, it's kind of cliché, but it can maybe make the world a better place."
Dan Reimold writes the Campus Beat column for USA TODAY College and maintains the student journalism industry blog College Media Matters.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1akNPlm
This is my entry to Bulbagarden's Fan Art Holiday Contest!
Basically, you're supposed to find a Christmas song and draw a picture of it, but with Pokémon!
I chose "The Little Drummer Boy" because it's one of my all-time favourite song during Christmas. It's a really cool song and and really catchy. I caught it on the radio a couple days ago and began to hum the song all day long!
For this image, I chose the awesome and derpy Zuruggu as the drummer boy. I originally planned for Tyrouge to be the drummer boy, but Zuruggu was just too funny to pass over. For the other Pokémon, I chose Pokémon that looked like real animals. Miltank was supposed to be in the image but I took them out because I didn't think their exposed utters were appropriate.. >_o Anyway, I made sure to have a balance of Pokémon from each generation. I really had fun with this piece and it's been good pratice because I haven't drawn in so long!
Wish me luck in the contest!
Cristin Milioti
Kids, I know you're all riled up about The Mother possibly being dead on How I Met Your Mother. And I know Cristin Milioti calling the idea "insane" and "so crazy" hasn't really helped since they didn't actually debunk the theory to The Hollywood Reporter.
I understand why you're mad. You've invested nine years in this show and if Mrs. Mosby has been sleeping with the fishes all this time, as it was heavily implied last week, it feels cheap, disappointing, lazy and manipulative. I get it. But I'm also OK if they were dead.
How I Met Your Mother: A chronological timeline of craziness
Let me preface that I don't want
them to die and, at this point, I don't think series creators Carter Bays and Craig Thomas , who've had the ending in mind since the show's conception, would do it (but talk to me again in three weeks). If there's one thing Bays and Thomas love more than suits and musical numbers, it's fake-outs, misdirection and red herrings. From the end of the pilot to Robin's ( Cobie Smulders ) "pregnancy" to Lily's ( Alyson Hannigan ) "smoking" on Monday's episode (from which The Mother was predictably absent), these two are all about the sleight-of-hand rug-pull — some better executed than others, most notably in the early years.Last week's clues — culminating with Ted ( Josh Radnor ) crying after The Mother asks, "What kind of mother would miss their daughter's wedding?" — all seem so heavy-handed that there must be another twist. (Another theory that I could see being plausible: Robin is dead, which is why Ted started the story with "Aunt Robin.") Plus, Ted's kids, Lyndsy Fonseca and David Henrie , filmed a scene for the series finale in 2006, and Bays and Thomas have repeatedly mentioned how the two had no idea what they filmed and have known the ending when they brought it up recently. You would think one would remember The Mother being dead, right?But does it matter if The Mother were six feet under? Would it really be so terrible? Would it actually ruin the show? Some would say the show has long gone past its own expiration date already. I certainly would be sad if they were dead, but I wouldn't feel cheated. (This is purely from a plot perspective — the execution is vital.)While other genres have more or less free rein, sitcoms tend to feel forced to wrap up with a neat bow and rainbows and kittens because God forbid what would've happened if Rachel never got off the plane . We've been conditioned to expect and crave happy endings from them. The Mother being dead would be a refreshing detour from the usual sitcom punctuation. Happy endings are not assured in life. Some love stories are tragic — hell, the most famous ones are, and I think Ted, the hopeless romantic that they are, would consider theirs and The Mother's an epic love story — and there's no reason why a sitcom cannot reflect that. (To its credit, HIMYM has never shied from confronting, sometimes brilliantly, life's more difficult moments.) We might want and presume a happy ending from HIMYM because of the very conceit of the show, but I don't think we're owed one.
How I Met Your Mother: Ranking Ted's girlfriends
You can argue that the whole point of the show is about Ted finally meeting The One after years of heartache and close calls, and getting theirs happily ever after. But the show is not called How I Met Your Mother and Lived Happily Ever After. Introducing The Mother during this final season and then killing them by 2030 would not betray the series or invalidate everything we thought we knew. Ted's journey through the nine seasons would not be a waste (though it definitely could've been shorter). On the contrary, it would give the show and Ted's meandering tales far more poignancy. The lead-up to their story is so long and great because it's all building to the moment they meet their one true love... who might now be dead. There's something beautiful, bittersweet and cathartic about that.And as much as the show is a romantic comedy, Ted's love life has been tinged with sadness and loss. They got left at the altar and has watched their best friends all pair off. They kept losing Robin over and over again, they lost Victoria ( Ashley Williams ), they lost Stella ( Sarah Chalke ) and dozens of other women (some deservedly so). Who's to say they can't and won't lose their wife? Ted has never had good timing. If The Mother is dead, I would think they would invoke the age-old adage to pass on to their kids: It's better to have loved and lost than to never have loved at all. Ted did meet The One, they had two kids and at least 11 years of unmatched bliss together, during which they told them all their stories. They got their happy ending, albeit briefly. Nothing lasts forever. (The series finale is titled "Last Forever.")Of course, this is all moot if The Mother is alive and, as also speculated, falls ill but survives. I would be more frustrated with that twist than if they were dead — not to mention Section 1A of the Dead Mother theory: Widower Ted will end up with Robin somehow. Now that would be cheap and manipulative.Bays and Thomas' teases about the finale have ranged from promising a "happy ending" in 2006 to cautiously warning us in January that we might hate the finale. "You might see it and hate it, but I think we forget that there is this mystery and that there is this sort of feeling that there's something unanswered, because we're just also telling these stories about all five of these characters and the rest of their lives," Bays said at the show's on-set Television Critics Association event.
25 totally unnecessary spinoffs
And then there's Smulders, who told IGN that they "immediately started weeping" and had to excuse themselves after learning the ending, which they find "very beautiful and very true to life."Whatever Bays and Thomas came up with way back when and carried out, I will reserve full judgment until I see it. They could theoretically screw this up entirely, but right now, a Dead Mother won't be as fatal a blow to the show as the outrage is making it out to be.How I Met Your Mother airs Mondays at 8/7c on CBS.(Full disclosure: TVGuide.com is owned by CBS.)
Pebble library to sell your pebble watchfaces and watchapps with KiezelPay.
How to use
This package does NOT work stand-alone.
To use this package, go to kiezelpay.com, sign up and follow the documentation.
Change Log
All notable changes to kiezelpay-core will be documented here.
Fixed
Better error handling for websockets in case websocket server becomes unreachable.
Added
Send kiezelpay-core library version along with status requests to the KiezelPay server.
Fixed
Better error handling for websockets, and prevention of a second websocket connection sometimes opening.
Added
In case of a websocket failure, the library will now retry the websocket connection every 10 seconds instead of reverting to the polling behaviour indefinitely.
Fixed
Fixed bug introduced in version 2.1.0 which in some rare occasions could cause the status polling behaviour towards the KiezelPay server to run out of control. This status check would then happen multiple times per second instead of at most once every 3 seconds as intended.
Changed
During the purchase process, the library will now try to use a websocket connection to the KiezelPay server instead of polling every few seconds to get the new status. In case anything goes wrong with the websocket connection, it will fall back to its old polling behaviour. Websockets give a better user experience (no delay in purchase status updates) and lower the load on the KiezelPay server.
Added
Support for Emery platform.
Added
Periodic fallback rechecks in javascript.
Added
Added new "low-memory" mode that uses even less memory (but has some some drawbacks as explained above the setting in the kiezelpay.c file).
Changed
Improved overall memory usage.
Fixed
Correctly call kiezelpay_messaging_deinit() from kiezelpay_deinit() so all memory held by kiezelpay-core is released on exit.
Fixed
No more alternating "No BT"/"No Internet" errors with vibrations in case of BT problems.
Fixed
Watch now displays the new purchase code as soon as the old one is expired.
Fixed
Fix timer errors that show up in the logs during the purchase process.
Added
Support for Diorite platform.
Change
Redefine LOG macro to allow overriding this macro from outside the KiezelPay package.
Fixed
Fix possible crash when "internet connection error" is shown during the purchase process.
Fixed
Fixed issue that broke KiezelPay as soon as the package was included in multiple files in your app.
Added
Added functionality to define how the "back" button is handled in watch apps during the purchase process.
Changed
Amazon
“The most difficult aspect of the prenuptial agreement is informing your future wife (or husband): I love you very much, but just in case things don't work out, this is what you will get in the divorce. There are basically three types of women and reactions. One is the good woman who very much loves their future husband, solely for himself, but refuses to sign the agreement on principle. I fully understand this, but the man should take a pass anyway and find someone else. The other is the calculating woman who refuses to sign the prenuptial agreement because they are expecting to take advantage of the poor, unsuspecting sucker she's got in their grasp. There is also the woman who will openly and quickly sign a prenuptial agreement in order to make a quick hit and take the money given to her.” -- Trump: The Art of the Comeback , 1997
Standing as one of the most-heinous hate crimes ever, the lynching-style murder of James Byrd Jr. (pictured right) at the hands of three White men in Texas served as a painful reminder that racism was very much alive in America, even on the cusp of the 21st century.
RELATED: Angela Davis Acquitted Of Charges In Soledad Brothers Case 40 Years Ago
On June 7, 1998, the 49-year-old Byrd would find themselves on a Texas road near the town of Jasper at night, when a trio of men, Shawn Berry, Lawrence Brewer (pictured), and John King, offered them a ride. It was later reported that Byrd and Berry knew each other. The friendly gesture turned deadly, though, when the men savagely beat Byrd and chained their ankles to the back of the pickup truck Berry was driving, dragging them three miles over asphalt and road and causing severe injuries. Byrd was said to be conscious during most of the harrowing ordeal, finally dying by way of a decapitation after their body hit a culvert in the road.
The men were quickly arrested, with Jasper finding itself uncomfortably under the glare of scrutiny and shocked stares. Police charged the trio with capital murder, as each of the men was tried in separate cases. King, considered the ringleader, and Brewer were part of a White supremacy group; they reportedly met in prison when they joined the gang years prior.
Both men were sentenced to death row with Brewer being killed by lethal injection last September. On the eve of their death, Brewer said they felt no remorse and would do it all over again. King currently sits on Texas' death row list, while Berry, who is serving life in prison, was spared capital punishment after prosecutors determined by some manner of miracle that they were not a racist.
Watch James Byrd Jr.'s sad end here:
Byrd's death sparked debate nationwide and inspired several public figures and celebrities to show their support for the family. Basketball player Dennis Rodman paid for the Byrd's funeral and gave the family a large amount of money. Fight promoter Don King also opened up their wallet and gave money toward Byrd's children for their educational expenses.
Obviously, all of the response wasn't positive. Popular Washington rock radio station host Doug “The Greaseman” Tracht mentioned the case after playing a clip of Lauryn Hill's “Doo Wop” hit, saying, “And they wonder why we drag them behind trucks.” Their remarks sparked angry protests from fellow radio personality Donnie Simpson and other area notables. Tracht was promptly fired and didn't work in radio for years.
The FBI has been collecting hate crime statistics since 1995, calling the instances “bias-related” and separating them by racial, sexual, and religious groupings. In 1998 alone, 4,321 race-related incidents occurred. The year 1999 saw a rise in bias-related offenses with 5,240. Of that number, the victims were overwhelmingly African American.
Not surprisingly, this trend of racist offenses, usually involving intimidation and assault, has continued. While hate crime offenses have dropped, the rise in crimes against Blacks is remarkable.
In the 2010's FBI report, of the 7,690 reported incidents, 48. 4 percent of the crimes were racially motivated attacks, with sexual orientation bias coming in second at 19.1 percent. What this shows are that racists — emboldened by a lack of retribution and other factors — have ramped up their efforts to display their ignorance and false dominance over others they feel are beneath them.
Although Byrd's death continues to leave a sour memory on the minds of many, their death inspired a very necessary legislation, which was originally enacted in the Texas courts in 2001. In 2009, the Matthew Shephard and James Byrd Jr. Hate Crimes Prevention Act was signed into law by President Barack Obama and expanded on the 1969 federal hate crime law to include acts motivated by racial, sexual, gender, religious, and ethnic bias. Whether or not the law has had its desired effects continues to remain a point of contention, but it does promise some security and insurances that hate crimes will be thoroughly investigated by authorities.
James Byrd Jr. should not — and will not — be forgotten.
SEE ALSO:
Oprah Interviews Paris Jackson
Al Reynolds Lives With Sherri Shepherd?
Also On News One:
With the festive season just around the corner, Channel 4 has announced a spate of original Christmas programming for the end of the year.
Advertisement
At the top of the list is Miranda Does Christmas, a one-off programme which sees comedian Miranda Hart hosting a Christmas party with a selection of special guests. It will be the actor' first Christmas special on Channel 4, and is set to feature tips on how to survive the festive period.
The Great British Bake Off is also getting a festive makeover. The two-part Great Festive Bake Off will see Prue Leith, Noel Fielding, Sandi Toksvig and Paul Hollywood invite eight former bakers to compete against one another for the ultimate Christmas star baker gong.
Along with these two heavyweight additions, Channel 4 announced that an Alan Carr-fronted version of classic game show The Price is Right will premiere during the period, along with specials from Jamie Oliver, The Crystal Maze, Richard Ayoade's Travel Man and the annual Big Fat Quiz of the Year.
It's going to be a hectic Christmas at Channel 4, by the looks of things. Thankfully, Hart seems to know what she's doing:
It was reported in the summer that Hart was developing a project for Channel 4, and recently they said they were toying with the idea of bringing their BBC sitcom back from the dead. Now that really would be an early Christmas present.
Advertisement
Miranda Does Christmas will air during the Christmas period in 2017
Don't blink. If you do, you might miss your Amazon Kindle Fire updating to software Version 6.2. Amazon's not really saying what's new in the update other than "provides improvements to the operation of your Kindle Fire." But know that it does break root, so you'll have to jump through that hoop again (which you should be more than willing to do if you did it once already.)
The update's available over Wifi, or you can download it directly from Amazon, move it to your Kindle Fire yourself (just plug it in and drag the file onto it in your favorite file explorer), and go into the device settings and hit "Update your Kinde." It'll reboot a couple times, then all is well.
Download: Software Version 6.2; More: Amazon
This post may contain affiliate links. See our disclosure policy for more details.
A regular reader (TPM Reader J) shares their experience …
What they are doing in some places now (not everywhere) is a very different thing, more of an invasive groping.
I don't know that you can really get this if you haven't been through it.
And of course, it's all so spotty and everyone I know has accidentally taken something through – a knife, excess liquid, etc.
Here's my experience last Friday at Reagan National in DC:
I was LOOKING for the backscatter machine, because I have a metal hip, and knew I would flunk the regular metal detector. Guess what, Gates 23-34 at this airport have no backscatter machine. Oh, it's very urgent, and travelers must go through this and be seen naked, but we don't have enough money to provide a machine at arguably the most vulnerable airport in the country? WTF?
So I flunk the x-ray. I'm fairly apoplectic, because I am going to be flying out of this airport a lot, and I'm pretty annoyed, I am made to strip off a very light-weight jacket, so that I am standing there in a skimpy shell, not how I prefer to appear in public. The TSA agent proceeds to run their hands through my chin length hair and pat the top of my head (WTF?). then they rub their hands all over my torso, before informing me that now they are going to insert their hands between my breasts.
Next they say, “Lift your shirt.” Huh??? Turns out they want to knead my elastic waistband thoroughly — not sure what explosives I might be hiding in an elastic waistband, but, boy, they are doing a thorough job of kneading my midriff. I offer to pull down my pants for her, and start to do so, because I am getting really pissed off by now. They keep offering to take me to a private location, but I am thinking, first, I do not want to be anywhere in private with her, and second, it is their groping I object to, and not anything that any other passenger might be seeing — in fact, I want people to see what is going on.
Them next order is to spread my legs as far as I can. Yep, that's what they said. They then gropes my legs, and kneads my butt so firmly that I have to move my feet to keep my balance.
I am a pretty patient person, but if I have to go through this every single time I fly through this airport, I am going to — I don't know what — I simply can't imagine it. I guess I am going to have to take drugs or drink a lot, because unless they get a backscatter, this is what I am apparently going through several times a month.
My crime? I have a hip replacement.
Obviously, as a journalist, you understand all kinds of things without going through them. But I would have told you I could handle this; I got patted down EVERY SINGLE TIME I flew over the past two years, until the advent of the backscatter machines, and I learned to keep calm and deal with it. What I experienced at Reagan National on Friday was humiliating and infuriating beyond anything I thought would happen, and I am still steamed days later. But I guess I just have to shut up and get used to this kind of treatment, because I, and many other people like me with artificial joints, have no choice.
If you use this, just sign me — J
Yesterday I received a few solicitous inquiries from friends and/or fans asking if Wednesday's massive publishing industry torpedoing (chronicled here by Andrew Wheeler) had somehow sucked me into its briny wake. The answer, in brief, is no. I'm fine, my books under contract are fine, and while I'm as concerned as anyone would be about their chosen industry going all explody around them, for various reasons I'm personally well-positioned to get through this stuff reasonably well. So: No worries here. I appreciate the concern.
That said, these are gruesome times for publishing, and a lot of folks are not as well-positioned as I am. Imprints have vaporized, layoffs have begun, and it's better-than-even odds that a number of authors and books are going to get shaved off of publishing lists. 2009 is also likely to be a singularly lousy time to be an aspiring debut author, as publishing houses consolidate their lists and focus their resources on established avenues (i.e., spend their money on people who are already bestsellers) rather than seeking out new folks. Basically, life's gonna suck in publishing for the next year or possibly two.
You ask: What can I do to help things suck less? Well, in a larger, overarching sense, there's not much you can do — publishing isn't the only industry that's hurting at the moment, as you might be aware, should you keep track of the news. We've all got to get through this crap together. In the smaller, more immediate sense, however, there sure is something you can do: Buy some damn books.
Fortunately, this advice is well-timed: Books are inexpensive yet valued objects, which means that they make lovely gifts for whatever holiday festivities you subscribe to this time of year. Now is a fine time to introduce friends and loved ones to some of your favorite authors — and in doing so, you're boosting that author's sales, which will make their or their publisher marginally less liable to dump their shivering ass onto the street. You're giving a gift a loved one will appreciate, you're doing your favorite authors a favor, and you're doing your part to keep editors and publishers from hurling themselves out of high-rise windows. Truly, everybody wins.
So, go: Make this a bookish holiday season. You know you want to anyway. I, my fellow authors and a grateful publishing industry thank you in advance for your cooperation, and for your seasonal purchases.
French duo Daft Punk unveil second track from new album
As if the Coachella video of Daft Punk and Pharrell's 'Get Lucky' wasn't enough, the French duo have premiered a teaser of another new track, 'Lose Yourself To Dance'. Listen below.
Monday 15th April 2013VIA
The track is the second collaboration with the NERD frontman and disco legend Nile Rogers, and follows 'Get Lucky' perfectly with its seventies guitar licks, provided by the Chic star. The 15-second snippet features a tiny extract of Pharrell's vocals and was once again premiered during Us TV show Saturday Night Live.
Daft Punk were one of the most talked about moments at this weekend's Coachella Festival - despite not performing at the US festival. The band premiered a 1.42minute video at the event and confirmed the full list of collaborators on their upcoming album, Random Access Memories. Appearing on the new album are: Panda Bear, Julian Casablancas, Todd Edwards, DJ Falcon, Chilly Gonzales, Giorgio Moroder, Paul Williams and Pharrell Williams.
Daft Punk have also confirmed the tracklisting for the new album, which is released in the UK on 20 May 2013. Check it out below.
1. 'Give Life Back to Music' (featuring Nile Rodgers)
2. 'The Game of Love'
3. 'Giorgio by Moroder' (featuring Giorgio Moroder)
4. 'Within' (featuring Chilly Gonzales)
5. 'Instant Crush' (featuring Julian Casablancas)
6. 'Lose Yourself to Dance' (featuring Pharrell Williams and Nile Rodgers)
7. 'Touch' (featuring Paul Williams)
8. 'Get Lucky' (featuring Pharrell Williams and Nile Rodgers)
9. 'Beyond'
10. 'Motherhood'
11. 'Fragments of Time' (featuring Todd Edwards)
12. 'Doin' It Right' (featuring Panda Bear)
13. 'Contact' (featuring DJ Falcon)
Hits: 26811
Check out the original article by GigWise here
Bomberman VB is a remake of the original with a few extra added features. There are 6 different game modes to choose from including last one standing, frag fest, capture the flag, etc.
The aim of bomberman is to set bombs that will blow up sections of wall and allow you to go further. In most of the game modes you will then have to set a bomb to kill your opponent once you can reach them. The trick of this is trying to get your opponent stuck.
You can play either against the computer or against a friend. Both modes offer a great time but whatever you do, do not use the mouse as your control device as this seriously hinders the gameplay.
A fun game especially when it comes to death match against a human opponent.
Maybe it's been a rough day. Maybe you're frazzled. Maybe you love your job, and everything's going great, but something just feels off. Have you tried watching a robot arm slowly, painstakingly solve Tower of Hanoi?
In case you need a refresher on Hanoi, it's pretty simple (aka I looked on Wikipedia):
The goal is to move the whole stack to another peg.
BUT
You can only move one disk at a time. You can only move the top disk of a stack. You can't put a disk on a smaller disk.
A robot arm has some extra challenges, like:
It doesn't have eyes. It was programmed by an intern named Yosef Mirsky, as their first project at the company. It can't read Wikipedia.
Also, while I know it looks really simple, and perhaps this robot is a tad slow, it's important to remember that the minimum number of moves to solve any Tower of Hanoi puzzle is 2n - 1 (so, in this case, that's 2 to the 7th power, minus 1, so that's 127 moves).
Want to learn more about the recursive algorithm (Yosef Mirsky used a recursive solution to program this arm) for solving Tower of Hanoi? Watch this excellent MIT lecture from 1986:
I know I feel much better now. Hope you are well. Best of wishes,
Paul
GOOGLE'S DEEPMIND MASTERS THE GAME OF GO
When Jason Grodensky bought their modest Fort Lauderdale home in December, they paid cash. But seven months later, they were surprised to learn that Bank of America had foreclosed on the house, even though Grodensky did not have a mortgage.
Grodensky knew nothing about the foreclosure until July, when they learned that the title to their home had been transferred to a government-backed lender. "I feel like I'm hanging in the wind and I'm scared to death," said Grodensky. "How did some attorney put through a foreclosure illegally?"
Bank of America has acknowledged the error and will correct it at its own expense, said spokesperson Jumana Bauwens.
Grodensky's story and other tales of foreclosure mistakes started popping up recently across South Florida. This week, GMAC Mortgage, one of the nation's largest mortgage servicers and a major mortgage lender, told real estate agents to stop evicting residents and suspend sales of properties that had been taken from homeowners in foreclosure. The company said it might have to "correct" some of its foreclosures, but was not halting those in process.
In Florida courts, which have been swamped with foreclosure cases for several years, mistakes "happen all the time," said foreclosure defense attorney Matt Weidner in St. Petersburg. "It's just not getting reported."
And the legal efforts required to resolve a foreclosure mistake are complicated. "Unwrapping it is like unwrapping Fort Knox," said Carol Asbury, a Fort Lauderdale foreclosure attorney. "It's very difficult."
The process is under increasing scrutiny, as Florida's court system struggles with the mountain of cases that have resulted from the housing crisis.
Grodensky said they spent months trying to figure out what happened but said their questions to Bank of America and to the law firm Florida Default Law Group that handled the foreclosure have not been answered. Florida Default Law Group could not be reached for comment, despite several attempts by phone and e-mail. Grodensky said they have filed a claim with their title insurance company, but that, too, has not resulted in any action.
It wasn't until last week, when Grodensky brought their problem to the attention of the Sun Sentinel, that it began to be resolved.
"It looks like it was a mistake in communication between us and the attorneys handling the foreclosure," said Bauwens.
Court records show Countrywide Home Loans filed a foreclosure case in Broward County civil court against the former owner of the home on Southwest 14th Street in 2008. Bank of America took over Countrywide at the end of that year.
The following year, Grodensky and their father Steven bought the house for cash as an investment property. Jason Grodensky's brother Kenny Sloan lives in the house now. They negotiated a short sale, which means the lender agreed to accept less than the mortgage amount. Documents show the sale proceeds were wired to Bank of America. The sale was recorded in December 2009 at the Broward County Property Appraiser's Office.
But in court, the foreclosure case continued, the records show. There was a motion to dismiss the case in July, followed the next day by a motion to re-open it. A court-ordered foreclosure sale took place July 15. The property appraiser's office recorded the transfer of the title to Fannie Mae the same day.
Bauwens said the lender would go back to court to rescind the foreclosure sale.
Broward Chief Judge Victor Tobin, who set up the county court's foreclosure system, said this is the first he's heard of this type of mistake. "From the court's point of view we have no way of knowing that someone sells a house unless they tell us," said Tobin. "The bank would first have to tell the lawyers and the lawyers would presumably ask the court for an order dismissing the case."
Tobin said the court system is under pressure to clear up its foreclosure backlog. This year, the state court system pumped $6 million into the effort, hiring more temporary judges and staffers.
Some say there's too much effort aimed at simply disposing of the cases.
"The evidence doesn't matter, the proof doesn't matter, due process doesn't matter," said Asbury, the attorney. "The only thing that matters is that they get rid of these cases."
Mindy Watson-Cintron of Century 21 Tenace Realty said they were unable to stop a foreclosure even though they had a willing buyer for a Coral Springs home last summer. Watson-Cintron had a letter from GMAC Mortgage, agreeing to sell the house in a short sale. The letter indicates the deal would be accepted through Aug. 20.
Watson-Cintron said they called, pleaded and even spent three hours one day in the lobby of the law offices of David Stern in Plantation trying to get someone to agree to put the foreclosure on hold. Stern's office is one of the nation's largest foreclosure firms and, Watson-Citron said, represented GMAC in the foreclosure case.
But the foreclosure continued. The lender took back the home and now has it listed for sale — at a lower price than Watson-Cintron's buyer offered. "The bank's not talking to the attorneys and the attorneys are not talking to the courts," they said.
Stern could not be reached for comment despite several attempts by phone and e-mail to their office. A spokesperson for GMAC Mortgage promised to look into the case.
Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum is investigating Stern's firm, Florida Legal Default Group, based in Tampa, the Law Offices of Marshall C. Watson in Fort Lauderdale and Shapiro & Fishman, which has offices in Boca Raton. Officials have said the investigation centers on whether foreclosure documents submitted by these firms were false, misleading or inaccurate.
In announcing its decision this week to halt evictions and suspend sales in foreclosure cases, GMAC cited a deposition by Jeffrey Stephan in a Palm Beach foreclosure case in which Stephan said they did not verify all the documents and did not sign them all in the presence of a notary. Stephan said they signed as many as 10,000 documents a month.
Some foreclosure defense attorneys have questioned whether similar practices involve other lenders as they push huge numbers of foreclosures through the courts. In one South Florida foreclosure case, Chase Home Finance executive Beth Cottrell said in a deposition in May that their team of eight supervisors signs 18,000 documents a month. Chase's spokesperson did not comment.
Harriet Johnson Brackey can be reached at hjbrackey@SunSentinel.com or 954-356-4614.
Kris Humphries Claims Kris Jenner Staged Kim's Sex Tape
Kim Kardashian Sex Tape -- Kris Humphries Claims Kris Jenner Staged It
EXCLUSIVE
trashedand their family in conversations and text messages to their former girlfriend,... telling hernot only directed Kim to shoot their sex tape, but to re-shoot because Kris J didn't think the first one was pretty enough.As TMZ first reported, Kim has subpoenaed Myla in Kim's divorce case, and we've learned Myla has a lot to say about what Kris told them about their relationship with their famous estranged wife.In addition to the sex tape, sources tell us Myla has numerous text messages in which Kris says they are the love of their life and they want to get the divorce over with quickly so they can spend the rest of their time on earth together. In several of the messages, we're told Kris says specifically that he's "moved on" from Kim.The information is extremely damaging to Kris, because he's alleging in their divorce that Kim has destroyed them emotionally by allegedly defrauding them into believing it was a real marriage. Turns out, Kris has been banging Myla since mid-January, so their devastation argument may be hard to swallow.Sources close to the Kardashians tell TMZ ... Kris is lying about the sex tape. They say Kim made it clear at the beginning of their relationship they would not discuss the tape because they didn't want to be judged by it. Our sources say the sex tape never came up in any subsequent discussions between Kim and Kris and it just shows he's delusional.Myla's deposition should be interesting.
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Boeing Co (BA.N) said Tuesday it had increased the production rate for its next-generation 737 jetliners on schedule, aiming to turn out 38 planes a month, even as its larger 787 jet faces potential delays due to battery failures earlier this month.
Boeing said its 737 line will increase from the current 35 planes a month, with the first plane built under the higher rate due to be delivered in the second quarter. The rate is scheduled to increase to 42 a month in 2014.
Boeing is due to release fourth-quarter and full-year earnings on Wednesday, and while it likely finished the year with a solid performance, analysts are expected to focus on the potential cost of the 787 problems, which have prompted regulators to ground the plane worldwide.
The ramp-up in 737 production shows the company is continuing to produce its other planes on schedule. The 787 line also is on schedule, producing five planes a month, and plans call for the rate to rise to 10 a month this year. However, Boeing has stopped delivering the planes until problems that caused to batteries to burn on the planes are solved.
“Nashville's” second life on CMT, and the series as a whole, is coming to an end.
The cable channel announced Friday that the forthcoming sixth season of “Nashville” will be its last. The show aired its first four seasons on ABC, which canceled it in 2016. CMT revived it for a fifth season, then picked up a shorter sixth year (16 episodes vs. 22 for Season 5) in April.
In the intervening year-plus, however, CMT's parent company, Viacom, has narrowed its focus and opted to go all-in on six channels (BET, Comedy Central, MTV, Nickelodeon, Nick Jr. and Paramount Network, a Spike rebrand that launches in January).
Channels like CMT and TV Land have either entirely stopped or cut back heavily on airing original scripted series; “Nashville” will be the last scripted show on CMT for the foreseeable future. Comedy series “Still the King,” starring Billy Ray Cyrus, has been canceled after two seasons.
“All of us on ‘Nashville' are so incredibly grateful to the show's fans, who convinced CMT to give us a chance to keep telling the story of these remarkable characters,” executive producer Marshall Herskovitz says in a statement. “And we want to return the favor with a final season that celebrates all the joys and passions, twists and turns — and amazing music! — that made ‘Nashville' such an exciting journey for the last six years.”
Season 5 of “Nashville” averaged 819,000 viewers and a 0.2 rating among adults 18-49 in its initial airings — way below its ABC numbers but also considerably better than CMT's usual primetime performance. It grew to a little over 2 million viewers with a week of delayed viewing.
“Nashville” joins these shows that are airing their final seasons in 2017-18. Season 6 premieres Jan. 4 and will be split into two parts; the series finale is set to air in the summer.
May 7 is World Password Day. To learn more about passwords, and simplifying the passwords in your life, go to PasswordDay.org
On Nov. 20, 2014, The New York Times Magazine published “The Secret Life of Passwords.” It was an examination of the humanity that often hides in a simple string of characters, and a reflection on why we imbue these codes with meaning when told not to. A motivational mantra, a swipe at the boss, an ode to a lost love, an inside joke with ourselves, a defining emotional scar — there was something captivating, inspiring even, in these tchotchkes of our inner lives.
In writing that article, I mined for passwords every chance I got: sitting in the doctor's waiting room, riding Amtrak, filling that awkward lull during Thanksgiving dinner with in-laws. I interviewed several hundred people, most of them strangers. A surprising number were willing to take a broad leap of faith and give me not just the codes that they are never supposed to reveal, but also the emotional secret inside that makes these codes personal.
I met for coffee with a former prisoner to discuss why their password
included what used to be their inmate identification number
(“A reminder not to go back,” they offered).
I gently pressed a woman at the park about them having discovered their son's password (“Lamda1969”) after they committed suicide, and their realization, painfully late, that they had been gay.
I emailed with a fallen-away Catholic who told me how their passwords incorporated the Virgin Mary (“It's secretly calming,” they confessed).
Stuck on a tarmac, I sat next to a childless 45-year-old woman who eventually revealed to me that their password was the name of the baby boy they lost in utero (“My way of trying to keep them alive, I guess,” they said).
Entrancing in their own right, these gems also hinted at something larger: how humans are creative and sentimental creatures, what drives us to quirky routines, and why we turn shackles into art. The New York Times Magazine and Medium ran stories on the topic.
Readers began offering their own backstories behind their old passwords, 15 of which are below:
The Catholic Church is a wee bit obsessed with sex in that they believe it's only acceptable on their terms. No birth control because reproduction is important. No abortion because reproduction is important. No sodomy because reproduction is important. No same-sex marriage because reproduction is important. Don't worry about physical attraction or orgasms because none of it has to do with reproduction.
Shorter version: “MAKE MORE BABIES, PLZ.”
This message isn't new and probably won't ever go away, but in an extension of this line of argumentation, the Catholic Church decided to get real specific. The Committee on Laity, Marriage, Family Life and Youth of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops (USCCB) has issued a report that really isn't surprising except for its tepid inclusion of actual science. Their target? Pornography.
We read it so you don't have to. (You can thank us later.)
The 28-page report may be the Church's most robust statement on the subject to date. A lot of it repeats the refrains of its other sex-related stances, but it is perhaps distinguished by the inclusion of positions that secular psychologists defend as well. It talks about abuse and exploitation associated with pornography production. It talks about how pornography can reinforce the idea of women as property or objects existing solely for male gratification. It talks about the scope of the industry and readily admits that Catholics are likely a substantial part of its profit margins. It talks about addiction. It talks about how the consumption of porn may have a physiological impact on sexual performance.
All good stuff, but the sweeping brush used to make these arguments and the contextualization of the issues mitigates the potential positive impact of the message and makes it impossible for me to get on board with the advocacy.
For starters, the statement has a rather, um, interesting view of what should be considered pornography:
Pornography does not consist only in visual images (which can be real or virtual, including computer-generated) but can also be in written or audio forms (e.g., certain romance novels, erotic literature, phone conversations, social media, online video chats, etc.). It encompasses what is sometimes distinguished as “soft-” and “hard-core” pornography. This is an artificial divide; all pornography is harmful and wrong, while the effects on a person may vary depending on the intensity of the content. Pornography is not art.
Annnnd we've started to go off the rails. Under this definition, any depiction of sex — including sex that fits into their married conjugal paradigm — is considered pornography. This is unadulterated bollocks. Sex is often central to character development or plot or exploration of complex issues in novels, plays, and films — ya know, art. This kind of art can be pivotal in cultivating a deeper understanding of sexuality, intimacy, and self. Obviously, not all forms of artistic expression are so profound, and in some cases the depiction of sex can be troubling (no, Christian, there are no 50 Shades of Grey in your toxic relationship), but to automatically dismiss any media representation of sex as smut is laughable. And so very Catholic.
They're not just targeting high brow sexual deviancy, either. Phone sex is out. Don't you dare sext. Skype is a recipe for disaster. Heaven forbid you engage in any conversation about sex via social media. It doesn't matter if the interaction is consensual with an aim of mutual satisfaction. It doesn't even matter if the participants are married and of the same sex. All of that would render sex something to be enjoyed rather than contributing to an effort to reproduce, which is clearly a violation of God's will. Sort of like masturbation, which the bishops kindly remind us here is “gravely contrary to chastity and the dignity of one's body.” Again so very Catholic.
(Personally, I don't get it. If their God supposedly made all of us and didn't want us to get off from a bit of bodily friction, why use a biological design that makes it feel so good? Wouldn't seeking an orgasm be a celebration of that design? Plus, their God theoretically made us in their own image, yeah? If that's so, I can't imagine they don't rub one out now and then.)
There's been some moaning from religion reporter Jim Davis over what they see as a lack of coverage for a laudable move, but why in the world they thought it would earn the Church coverage is beyond me. This really wasn't news. Yes, it's a long document condemning pornography, but we already knew the Church didn't like it. Yes, they make some valid points about pornography and some of the problems surrounding its production and use, but that discussion is a sidebar to the proselytizing about acceptable sexual expression. They take a message that could be universal and spoil it with dogma and characterizations of sex that are far from universal.
That's not news. That's par for the course. And we've stopped caring.
(Image via Shutterstock)
TriMet officials say this coming weekend will mark the last full closure of Southeast Powell Boulevard related to the
.
Starting at 10 p.m. Friday and lasting until 5 a.m. Monday, Powell Boulevard will be closed to traffic between Southeast 13th Avenue and Southeast 21st Avenue so construction crews can place girders for the vehicle and light rail overpasses.
More
TriMet say through traffic will be routed onto Southeast Holgate via Cesar Chavez and McLoughlin boulevards; there will be local access for business inside the closure area.
The number 9 bus line(Powell/Broadway) will use Southeast Holgate via Southeast 26th and Milwaukie avenues (including 17th Ave and Center Street inbound only). Three bus stops on Powell in each direction will be closed between 21st and 26th.
The region's sixth MAX construction project will stretch 7.3 mile and include 10 stops. It will run from the end of the MAX Green and Yellow lines at Portland State University, to South Waterfront, SE Portland, Milwaukie and North Clackamas County.
It is expected to open in September 2015, and will include the multi-modal bridge (light rail, buses, bicycles and pedestrians, but no cars) over the Willamette River.
While construction of the bridge is under way, visitors to the
.
-- Stuart Tomlinson
SARNIA — A Sarnia family doctor who left their war-torn country says they saw the end of a hard-earned medical career flash before their eyes when they were detained by U.S. border agents and quizzed about their “tribe.”
Dr. Sardar Ahmad, who left Afghanistan on a prestigious Fulbright scholarship, said they were detained for more than five hours at the Blue Water Bridge, Canada's second-busiest U.S. border crossing, for reasons the Canadian citizen still isn't clear about three days later.
During their detainment Friday, Ahmad said U.S. border agents asked them what “tribe” they belonged to and the name of their “tribe chief,” whether they had seen “a lot of gunmen” growing up in Afghanistan and specific questions about the family they left behind there.
“It was frustrating for me because I was worried, I was scared, I didn't know what was going to happen next,” the 43-year-old doctor said Monday.
“You never know. They could put you in jail. You could lose your career – everything – all, overnight.”
Ahmad, who came to Canada in 2007, had been trying to cross the bridge to Michigan on Friday to visit the Nexus office.
I was scared, I didn't know what was going to happen next.
A few days earlier, Ahmad said he'dreceived an email that their Nexus card — to expedite border crossings — had been revoked. They decided to go over on their lunch break Friday to visit the office in person.
As soon as they told the U.S. border agent their situation, Ahmad said they were pulled over, had their car keys taken from them and held for questioning for hours, all as elderly patients waited for them back at their clinic.
“I was telling (the U.S. border agents), ‘I need to call my clinic to at least cancel the patients,' and they said, ‘No, you can't touch the phone,'” Ahmad said. They noted a border agent eventually allowed them to call their clinic before they were eventually cleared — but declined — to enter the U.S. hours later.
In an email Monday, a U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) spokesperson said the agency cannot discuss an individual's processing due to privacy legislation, but the CBP is “committed to the fair, impartial and respectful treatment of all members of the trade and traveling public.”
Ahmad's ordeal comes just weeks after a Moroccan-born Canadian citizen reported being questioned about their Muslim religion and their views on U.S. President Donald Trump at a U.S. border crossing in Quebec.
They were denied entry into the U.S.
Wednesday, U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to sign a new refugee and immigration travel order – one anticipated to follow in the same vein of their earlier effort to ban Syrian refugees, as well as citizens from seven Muslim-majority countries, from entering the U.S.
Federal judges blocked the travel ban Trump signed late last month, but a White House source has saidTrump plans to introduce a new ban with some “minor technical differences” but with “the same basic policy outcome.”
Several members of Sarnia-Lambton's Muslim community have been outspoken about fears of travelling to the U.S. in light of the proposed travel ban.
Monday, Sarnia-Lambton MP Marilyn Gladu described Ahmad's experience at the border as “unacceptable,” but they aren't surprised to learn of their story.
“It's not the first I've heard of these issues,” they said. “We've been hearing in the House of Commons of these issues across Canada where people are being racially profiled when they go across the border.
“We've escalated this issue to the government.”
Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale has also been put on notice about the U.S. government's revocation of some Nexus cards, Gladu noted.
On Feb. 8, Goodale announced that all Canadian permanent residents who had their Nexus cards revoked because of the Trump immigration ban have now had their cards reinstated, but Gladu said Monday Ahmad's experience “suggests this wasn't the case.”
Ahmad said they still have questions why their Nexus card was revoked, but now has no interest travelling to the U.S. — where they once lived.
Born in Afghanistan, Ahmad moved to the U.S. on a Fulbright scholarship through the U.S. Embassy in Kabul.
They eventually moved to Canada where they completed their medical residency in Petrolia a year ago.
They said Friday's experience reminded them that they have “everything in Canada.”
“I was telling (the U.S. border agents), ‘I don't have to go here,'” they said. “‘I live in the most beautiful country in the world.'”
Gunfire Games' Chronos was a surprise reveal at Oculus VR's ‘Step into the Rift' event, San Francisco, last week, especially as the studio's first title, Herobound: Spirit Champions, has only just launched on Gear VR. However fresh they may be, Gunfire Games clearly have a grasp on what makes virtual reality (VR) experiences tick, as Chronos is one of the finest titles currently available to play on the consumer edition of the Oculus Rift head-mounted display (HMD).
Of the 9 demos available to play on the consumer Oculus Rift (aka CV1) at the Electronic Entertainment Expo (E3), Chronos was the only with a realistic aesthetic set in a fantasy world. Taking cues from the likes of The Legend of Zelda and Shadow of the Colossus, the scenery ranges from beautiful green pastures in the deep below the mountain range you stand upon to dank dungeon crevices and battle worn stone walls. There is no doubt that Chronos is a very pretty videogame.
The action begins with the player outside of the enemy lair in which the vertical slice of the adventure takes place. While the player's avatar is sure footed upon the high-raised stone ground, you yourself are an ethereal being a few feet behind. Vertigo is an easy trick to pull in VR of course, but the moment you look down and realise you have nothing between you and a several hundred foot drop is as breathtaking in Chronos as it has been in any other experience yet presented on an Oculus Rift.
Inside the maze of stone the demo of Chronos mixed-up combat and puzzle solving. Using an Xbox One control pad (as was the case with all the Oculus Rift CV1 demos) the player has light vertical strikes available on the X button and heavy horizontal blows on the Y button. A dodge manoeuvre is available on the B button, with a striking resemblance to Link's infamous forward roll. The combat starts simply, with a solo enemy who is not quick to react, but later in the demo you will encounter multiple bad guys with a combination of close- and long-range weaponry.
The puzzle element of Chronos is fairly simple for those who take the time to explore. The first instance demands that you raise a gate by turning a lever, but doing so awakes a giant beast who is not too pleased with your presence. The player must rush through the gate passed the giant before it catches you; however once through, you aren't exactly out of harms' way.
Later puzzles revolve around you finding an object and connecting it with a piece of scenery. Observant players will have no trouble here as the objects are highlighted, however we can expect more complex puzzle solving to arrive in a fuller version of the videogame, and so too should the combat become more complicated.
In terms of VR, Chronos does well to utilise the player's fixed camera. The player is free to look around each area of course, but they will always begin each room in a predetermined location. When moving from room-to-room Chronos delivers new areas in an instant cut; this may sound jarring to those familiar with VR videogames, and yet here there is simply no issue. It doesn't feel disorientating nor was there ever any fear of the dreaded simulator sickness. It's too early to tell if this is due to the improved hardware or whether the software is designed to accommodate these issues, or – most likely – a combination of the two.
There are a significant amount of touches that make Chronos enjoyable as a VR experience opposed to a traditional monitor. For example, our hero will look directly at you when approaching the position of you camera and the sense of scale is unparalleled. The moments where you have but only the option to drop down a hole allow the player to lean-in and observe what horrors might lie below, and the silky smooth textures on the rocks and walls are clearly a mile ahead of anything we've yet seen in VR.
Gunfire Games may be a new team on the VR scene, but they've clearly already established a pedigree. Herobound: Spirit Champions was a more than respectable introduction and Chronos is looking set to become an inspired new IP and early venture into the high-end VR experiences that we've all been waiting for. There's no telling just yet when we'll get to see more of Chronos, but at this moment in time it's certainly one of the most enticing prospects for the Oculus Rift CV1 launch.
Earlier this week the Atlanta Falcons announced the name of their new arena—Mercedes-Benz Stadium—where the NFL team will take up residence in 2017. Falcons owner Arthur Blank and Steve Cannon, CEO of Mercedes-Benz USA, which is moving its corporate headquarters from New Jersey to Atlanta, revealed the naming partnership at a press conference surrounded by renderings and a model of the complex.
The building, designed by HOK architects, has striking glass sides and a unique top inspired by ancient Roman architecture. Divided into angled ETFE (ethylene tetrafluoroethylene) fabric panels, the roof will spiral open in good weather and close for rain and cold. “When we debated the roof, we considered iconic buildings throughout history that have incredible structures and lighting effects,” said HOK's senior vice president Bill Johnson in a recent video. “Looking back, we found the Pantheon. What's so great about [the Pantheon's roof] design is that it has a little hole in the middle that allows light to come down as if it were a spotlight. It inspired us to have a spotlight [of our own] hit the field.”
Team and city officials hope the new stadium will draw major events to Atlanta.
Johnson's design team used a series of “what if” cards—“What if seats shook during a hard hit?” to “What if player holograms welcomed fans to the stadium?”—while brainstorming. One idea that made the cut was to reference the Falcons's logo in the stadium's design, hence the winglike exterior sections.
The stadium will seat 75,000 with a capacity to expand to 83,000, making it a potential host for notable sports events such as the Super Bowl, FIFA World Cup, or NCAA Final Four.
A circular video screen is positioned right below the roof.
HOK included many green elements in its design. Rainwater will be captured and reused, solar panels will be placed around the stadium, and the retractable roof and glass walls will allow outside air and natural light to flood the arena. At the same time, the building will incorporate some cutting-edge technology, including a 58-foot-tall, 1,100-foot-long HD video halo board (the world's largest) just below the rooftop.
Documents Show Chicago PD Secretly Using Forfeiture Funds To Buy Surveillance Equipment
from the no-accountability,-no-oversight dept
The Chicago Reader has put together a massive, must-read investigation into the Chicago Police Department's secret budget. The Chicago PD has -- for years now -- used the spoils of its asset forfeiture program to obtain surveillance equipment like Stingrays. This discretionary spending is done off the city's books, allowing the CPD to avoid anything that might prevent it from acquiring surveillance tech -- like meddling city legislators… or the public itself.
Since 2009, the year CPD began keeping electronic records of its forfeiture accounts, the department has brought in nearly $72 million in cash and assets through civil forfeiture, keeping nearly $47 million for itself and sending on almost $18 million to the Cook County state's attorney's office and almost $7.2 million to the Illinois State Police, according to our analysis of CPD records. The Chicago Police Department doesn't disclose its forfeiture income or expenditures to the public, and doesn't account for it in its official budget. Instead, CPD's Bureau of Organized Crime, the division tasked with drug- and gang-related investigations, oversees the forfeiture fund in what amounts to a secret budget—an off-the-books stream of income used to supplement the bureau's public budget. The Reader found that CPD uses civil forfeiture funds to finance many of the day-to-day operations of its narcotics unit and to secretly purchase controversial surveillance equipment without public scrutiny or City Council oversight.
It sounds like a lot of money -- $72 million in civil forfeiture funds -- and it is. But it's not like this money comes from a few large busts that have seriously affected the city's drug trade. That may be the rationale for the PD's convictionless seizing of property and cash (just like "terrorism" is often cited when acquiring surveillance tech ultimately destined for plain vanilla law enforcement use). But in reality, the forfeiture's rarely do anything more than financially cripple a large number of individuals who have little to anything to do with drug trafficking. The Chicago Reader reports that the median seizure in Illinois is only $530 -- hardly an amount one associates with criminal empires. In fact, the normal cash seizure probably sounds more like the following than a breathtaking dismantling of a local drug-running crew.
Ellie Mae Swansey, a 72-year-old retiree living on a fixed income, had their 2001 PT Cruiser seized two years ago when Chicago police arrested their son for drug manufacturing. The costs of simply beginning the long, circuitous, extremely-frustrating battle to reclaim their vehicle were prohibitive.
In order to have a chance at getting their property returned, claimants must put down a bond toward their asset when first submitting the official paperwork. This means that Swansey had to pay $140 (10 percent of their car's value) just to start the process. Then, to appear in court, they had to pay an additional $177 fee. To Swansey, who lives on a $655-per-month social security check, these costs are substantial. Successful claimants will have 90 percent of their bond returned; unsuccessful claimants get nothing back.
The extensive investigation, compiled from dozens of FOIA request (more on than in a bit), notes that 90% of the seized funds spent by the CPD went to expected, above-board expenses: vehicles, cellphones, etc. But the rest of it went other places, obscured by redactions and withheld documents. Payments to cellphone forensics companies like CellBrite were uncovered, as were purchases of a license plate reader installed near the CPD's infamous Homan Square detention center black site, and $417,000-worth of cell tower spoofers.
The Chicago PD will continue to roll over retirees like Swansey because the laws governing forfeiture in Illinois have completely corrupted the incentives. It's not about law enforcement or crime prevention. It's about autonomy, power, and a steady flow of spendable cash.
When a government agency is allowed to handle the forfeiture proceeds it brings in—as is the case with both CPD and the Cook County state's attorney's office—it controls both "the sword and the purse," like an army that is also its own taxing authority. This is according to Lee McGrath, legislative counsel for the Institute for Justice, which seeks to reform civil asset forfeiture laws across the country.
And for what? What has been the end result of this massive amount of supposedly drug-focused seizures and spending?
[T]he prices of many drugs have decreased and purity has increased since the [drug] war began.
The second part of this story is just as interesting. It details how the Chicago Reader managed to get its hands on this stash of documents. It began with a FOIA request for Stingray documents from the Chicago PD. In between the redactions, the PD accidentally gave up its quasi-"black budget" account numbers.
On October 13, 2014, Christopher Kennedy, from CPD's Gang Investigations Division, wrote to Nicholas Roti, then chief of the department's Bureau of Organized Crime: "Because this equipment will be used for [REDACTED] investigations in to [sic] [word missing] [I] recommend that it be paid for with both 1505 and 1505ML funds in equal amounts," they wrote.
Several requests later, Lucy Parson Lab (government transparency activists) and the Chicago Reader confirmed that these accounts were tied to asset forfeiture. Moving on from there, however, required some outside assistance. The Reader was going to be asking for a lot of documents and it would have been easy for the Chicago PD to deny such a request from a single entity as "unduly burdensome."
But several public records requesters, each using their own name? Not as easy.
To get over this hurdle, Lucy Parsons Labs launched a collaboration with MuckRock, a FOIA and transparency website, asking ordinary users to send FOIA requests on our behalf. Lucy Parsons Labs drafted a sample FOIA request for users to download and submit. We also managed the responses from CPD—MuckRock's platform automatically followed up with CPD when the department was late responding to a request. Once checks came back from CPD, Lucy Parsons members collected the data in a centralized location and classified each purchase as being either part of routine police activities or as part of broader surveillance efforts. Eleven of our 13 community requesters used the MuckRock FOIA platform to submit and manage their requests.
This is how you beat a system predisposed to telling you "no." A "burdensome" request split 20 ways is no longer a burden. Sure, the Chicago PD might have experienced a bit more of a crunch fulfilling these, but it couldn't use the law to deny releasing documents it almost certainly would have preferred to keep under wraps.
Filed Under: asset forfeiture, chicago, chicago police department, illinois, spying, surveillance
The words “slavery” and “oil”, when used together, are usually reserved for use in the context of palm oil, but the offshore oil and gas industry isn't immune to modern-day slavery—as evidenced by the detention of a BP-charted offshore oil supply vessel in Scotland, which was found to have a group of unpaid workers on its crew.
The Malaviya Seven offshore supply vessel (OSV) was detained in Aberdeen, Scotland, earlier this week, with trade union representatives calling it a “blatant example of modern day slavery”.
Owned by Mumbai-based GOL Offshore, the vessel was chartered by BP from 1 June to 15 June. Among its crew were 15 Indian workers who had been unpaid for months.
According to the General Secretary of the National Union of Rail, Maritime and Transport Workers (RMT) the incident “exposes the shameful practices in the exploitation of our natural resources”.
These “ships of shame”, as RMT spokesperson Mick Cash dubbed them, “are a blatant abuse of migrant workers […]” adding that such activities also act as “a catalyst for the dumping of UK seafarers, many thousands of whom are now drawing benefits from the state”.
The slave ship incident has now prompted another investigation into a second vessel owned by the same company, the Malaviya Twenty, which is at the British port of Great Yarmouth. Meanwhile, the Malaviya Seven will remain locked down at the Albert Quay until its staff are paid.
If you think slavery doesn't exist anymore—think again. According to the International Labor Organization (ILO), almost 21 million people are victims of forced labor today. Of those, nearly 19 million are exploited by private individuals or enterprises, compared to slightly over 2 million who are exploited by the state or rebel groups. Related: Why Did This Oil Company's Share Price Go Up During The Oil Bust
Overall, says the ILO, forced labor in the private economy generates $150 billion in illegal profits every year. And while domestic work, agriculture, construction, manufacturing and entertainment are the key sectors of concern here, the oil industry plays a role as well—and it's a lot easier to get away with it at sea.
Determining responsibility is tough, though. The Malaviya Seven, for instance, had been chartered by a number of oil and gas companies, including BP—which came out right away to confirm its June charter of the vessel—as well as Premier Oil, which declined to comment to British reporters, and Dana Petroleum, which confirmed that it had chartered the ship “on the spot market” earlier this year.
The oil price crisis has had a hand in what could become a worsening situation, as supply boats find themselves in a position in which they can only afford … well, slaves.
The North Sea—where the Malaviya Seven was nabbed—is a prime example of how bad things have gotten. Charter rates for North Sea supply boats had reached such a low by the fourth quarter of last year that most vessels were said to be operating at a loss, forced to lay off crew and conserve fuel—at best.
It's either sink, swim or do something illegal at this point, and although some may disagree, sinking should not be an excuse for slavery. Debt and default must simply be accepted.
As of the fourth quarter of last year, the number of British seafarers on North Sea vessels had sunk so low as to be negligible, according to Energy Voice, which quoted a North Sea trade unionist as saying that those seafarers were being replaced by Third World Laborers. Related: Where Does Wall Street See Nuclear Energy Going?
The vessels, according to the trade union, can no longer pay Norway-level wages and instead opt for cheap labor, most commonly from India, Indonesia and the Philippines. But paying these new workers is also proving challenging, and the situation is now metamorphosing into one resembling slavery.
The alternative is tying up tonnage rather than operating at a loss.
Last summer, a foreign crew of a Korean bulk carrier in Mackay, Australia, was found to have been forced to work without pay and denied access to food, among other basic rights. One crew member suffered from malnutrition, while four others left the ship, saying they feared for their lives. According to International Transport Federation (ITF) assistant national coordinator Matt Purcell, the crew—from Cambodia and Burma—had been “locked in hatches” and “survived on what I can only describe as a starvation diet”.
“The sea is a largely unregulated environment whereby greedy shipowners and operators are allowed to get away with egregious breaches of human rights […] ITF President Paddy Crumlin noted at the time.
The sea has always been mysterious—what lurks in the deep waters is both amazing and fearsome, but today what is floating on its surface is increasingly sinister. Greed and a global oil price crisis are combining to create a new wave of slavery for which the chain of responsibility is long and complicated. A handful of new vessel detentions could bring it out into the open to the point at which the big companies who charter these vessels might have to do a bit more due diligence.
By Julianne Geiger for Oilprice.com
More Top Reads From Oilprice.com:
Matthew Yglesias writes:
Matthew Yglesias: Horatio Alger's IQ: One thing that always occurs to me when these race/IQ blowups occur is that this issue is kind of in the neighborhood of a different point that doesn't merely recapitulate the race science of yore, does seem to me to have real policy implications, and is really well-supported by the data. This is the fact that IQ test results are meaningfully predictive of various indicators of success in the United States and the main factors that influence how people score on these tests all happen in childhood or earlier (in the fetal environment, in the genes, etc.). This then becomes one of several available lines of argument that the image of the United States as a magical place where hard work always pays off and the rewards go to those willing to put in the effort is wrong. What's more, to imagine of the United States as a fallen version of that magical place — a country that could become magical if we just improved urban high schools or adopted a better student loan system — is also wrong. Better high schools and better student loan systems are things worth doing on their own terms, but absolutely nothing one can do changes the fact that where people end up is substantially out of their hands...
This seems to me to be substantially wrong. The inheritance of inequality is strikingly large in America today: if the father's lifetime was 100% above the American average for their day, the son's lifetime income will on average be 65% above the American average for their day. That's a lot of inherited inequality. Is this unequal distribution of wealth, income, and status in the United States today the result of the fact that a genetic elite has risen to the top in an IQ-driven meritocracy?
No.
This high degree of inherited inequality isn't because high IQ genetic eliteness genes are being passed down from fathers to sons. As Samuel Bowles and Herbert Gintis (2002), "The Inheritance of Inequality," report:
The direct effect of IQ on earnings... presented in Bowles, Gintis, and Osborne (2002a)... is 0.15, indicating that a [one] standard deviation change in the cognitive score, holding constant... remaining variables... changes... earnings by about one-seventh of a standard deviation.... An estimate of the causal impact of childhood IQ on years of schooling... is 0.53 (Winship and Korenman 1999). A rough estimate of the direct and indirect effect of IQ on earnings... is then... 0.15+(0.53)(0.22) = 0.266.... h is the heritability of IQ.... The value cannot be higher than 1, and most recent estimates are substantially lower, possibly more like a half or less.... [C]ouples tend to be more similar in IQ than would occur by random mate choice.... [The] genetic correlation of parent and offspring [is] (1 + m)/2.... Using the values estimated above, we see that the contribution of genetic inheritance of IQ to the intergenerational transmission of income is (h2(1+m)/2)(0.266)2 = .035(1 + m)h2. If the heritability of IQ were 0.5 and the degree of assortation, m, were 0.2 (both reasonable, if only ball park estimates) and the genetic inheritance of IQ were the only mechanism accounting for intergenerational income transmission, then the intergenerational correlation [of lifetime income] would be 0.01, or roughly two percent the observed intergenerational correlation [of lifetime income between parents and children]...
If inherited genetically-based IQ were the source of the extra edge that the children of the rich get in our society, than we would expect a parent with 4 times average lifetime full-time earnings--say $200,000 a year--to have a kid with a lifetime average income of $51,500 instead of the average of $50,000. But it is not $51,500. It is $150,000.
I agree with Matt that "where people end up [in our society] is substantially out of their hands" (although not by any means completely): luck and inheritance of many kinds of things are incredibly important. But this does not mean that equality of opportunity is a mirage. For most of the things that are out of the hands of the individual are not out of our collective hands at all. Genetic influence on IQ is one of the big things that are out of our collective hands--and it turns out it is really not that big a thing at all.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump ripped into their Republican rivals today, saying Ben Carson doesn't have the experience or the temperament to be president.
"It's not their thing. They don't have the temperament for it," the New York real estate mogul told ABC News' George Stephanopoulos on "Good Morning America." "I think Ben just doesn't have the experience."
Trump also blasted Marco Rubio, who's emerging from the pack as an establishment alternative to Jeb Bush. “I'm not a fan. I think he's overrated,” they said, adding that Russian President Vladimir Putin "would eat them alive.”
Book Excerpt: Donald Trump's 'Crippled America: How to Make America Great Again'
Donald Trump Releases Plan to Reform Veterans Affairs
GOP Presidential Campaigns Meet to Shake Up Primary Debate Process
They also criticized Bush, saying they should “absolutely” drop out of the 2016 race. “He doesn't have a chance," Trump said today.
Later this morning, Trump went after Bush again when asked to do a Jeb Bush impression. "I don't like showing a person sleeping at a podium,” they quipped at a news conference for their new book.
They also jabbed Rubio over their personal finances, saying Rubio "certainly lives above their means - there's no question about that."
When asked earlier on “GMA” about the controversy surrounding the Republican debates, Trump said they looked forward to answering the tough questions. “I just want to answer the questions and be done with it,” they said when asked about the backlash against debate organizers.
"We're being asked very rude questions, many of them directed at me," they told Stephanopoulos. “I just want to have a debate. I want to answer tough questions."
Trump has said they will negotiate directly with debate hosts on formatting disagreements, despite a meeting Sunday night among 2016 campaigns aiming to collectively seek debate format information from networks.
A new NBC-Wall Street Journal poll out Monday showed retired neurosurgeon Carson grabbing the front-runner spot in the race for the Republican nomination, garnering 29 percent of Republican voters to Trump's 23 percent.
Trump also talked about their personal life during the interview, reflecting on their career and their family. "My work has always been all-encompassing," they said, but went on to say that they also prioritized their children.
"I think [my kids] would say I've been a really good father," they said. "I could be in the biggest deal, and if they call, I'm always there for them."
Trump also predicted Hillary Clinton will be the Democratic nominee, “unless they get indicted.”
As for the Republican side, they said, “I think I will be the nominee.”
Over the summer this year during a week of scorching hot days, I was doing some inventory in my files and putzing around the house doing some of those ‘put off menial tasks' that one never seems to catch up on. I happened to have had an unexpected day off because not only did I have a minor accident at work; breaking a couple of fingers and spraining my ankle, my next job in the queue for the travellift was halted by mechanics that had not yet completed their end of the work. I had a boat in limbo, and was very grateful for circumstances that would normally piss me off.
Aside from the air conditioner and the faint sounds of landscapers working down the block, the house was very quiet. I was a very happy human, until suddenly fire whistles and trucks started blaring away. The announcement of a fire nearby had me peeking out windows to see where it was coming from. I did not have to wait very long to find out, because about six fire trucks came down my short block…and then stopped. They blocked my driveway, practically on my front lawn. An army of firefighters came off their trucks and started running down the block that connects to mine on the other side of the corner. This had me running out of my house as well.
It turns out, that a house two houses over from the corner facing the connecting street to mine, had smoke coming from the upstairs porch. Structurally, the porch was not a free-floating veranda. It was right on top of the first floor of the house, facing the street. They immediately started ripping up the floor, which led me to believe a ceiling fan or something else electrical had gone awry in the ceiling below it, but was not visible from inside the home.
Also racing to the scene were women with their camera phones out in front of them, like they were going to catch a charred body being dragged out of the home and sell it to Channel 2 News or something. I thought that was pretty pathetic, but not what caught my eye.
On the other corner across the street from mine, was a woman about my size, 5'2″ and maybe 125 lbs., in full firefighter gear; hat, coat, boots, and air tank, none of which looked like it was made for someone them size. They looked like a five year old that put on all of their daddy's work gear in a game of playing ‘dress-up.' They were trying to pull the hose to the hydrant, and was struggling. It was twisting as they unfurled it, and no one was paying attention to them (She kept looking down the other block at the rest of the men already on the scene) They then attempted to get the cap off the fire hydrant.
By this time, because it was almost a hundred degrees outside- and even though I was wearing a tank top and thin cotton summer pants, I was hot, and wanted my air conditioning. So I went back into my house. I watched from a window, like a typical ‘nosy neighbor.'
They were frantic. Sweat was pouring off of her, and they kept turning around to see if they were being watched. I almost felt sorry for them But I could not help thinking, that if my house was on fire and they were in charge of the water to put it out, I'd be royally fucked; probably burned to a crisp.
It turns out that the men down the other street had already hooked up their hoses to other hydrants in short order, and were minute-man ready for an expeditious need for it. This woman was ‘a probie' and this was their first time out of ‘the house' which was right down the block from me. Another tid-bit of all of this is; the smoking house having the problems belonged to one of their brothers. (a firefighter that happened to be out of town, but because their street was sealed off when they finally arrived- actually did park on my fucking lawn…and is how I got the info on the girl later, because they knocked on my door to apologize)
I asked them about the girl. I asked them if they were going to pass muster. They said “Not a chance, but to be politically correct for a gender quota, we have to have a woman in our house.”
They left them there to unhook and roll up the hose with two guys and their truck. They did not help them They finished up an hour after all of the other trucks were gone. I am sure I saw tears.
Some jobs were just not made for women. I would not want this woman pulling me out of a burning building. But feminist governance says that they are equally qualified, and demands that they be there through politically enforced blackmail. Since I have personally been in a house fire when I was a young girl, I have witnessed the brawn and brains it takes to do this job.
I wish that the asshole that said this woman had to be hired, had this woman answer the call to their own house on fire…with their children's lives in their hands. Maybe then, the right man for the job would actually get the fucking job; gender quota be damned. Feminists that put lives in danger for their own self-serving agenda be damned.
Getty Images Donald Trump is edging Hillary Clinton in a new national poll — but Clinton leads in key battleground states.
Donald Trump has a two-point lead over Hillary Clinton in a new poll out Tuesday, as the Democratic nominee's edge has largely evaporated after their party's convention.
The latest CNN/ORC national survey of likely voters shows Trump with 45% to Clinton's 43%. Libertarian nominee Gary Johnson took 7% and the Green Party's Jill Stein had 2%. More voters trust Trump to handle the economy — 56% to Clinton's 41%. But Clinton holds a solid edge on foreign policy, earning 56% to Trump's 40%.
Clinton, meanwhile, is ahead in recent averages of polls of battleground states including Ohio and Pennsylvania.
Read: These swing state polls spell trouble for Trump.
Warren and ‘hell no' appointments: Sen. Elizabeth Warren and their allies are already exerting pressure on Hillary Clinton's team over key hiring decisions, not bothering to wait for Election Day. As Politico writes, Warren's coalition is developing a hit list of the types of people they will oppose in a Clinton administration — what one source called “hell no” appointments. The Massachusetts senator, a favorite of liberals, and their allies are vowing to fight nominees with ties to big banks, and warn against corporate executives assuming government roles in regulating industries that made them wealthy.
How Trump has tangled with moderators: Trump says they expect they will participate in all three presidential debates. But they may be in for a rough ride, as they have tangled with all of the announced moderators in the past. The Washington Post writes that Lester Holt, for example, has tripped Trump up with fact-checks. Holt got Trump to admit that their assertion Hillary Clinton was asleep at critical times during the 2012 attack on the U.S. diplomatic compound in Benghazi, Libya, might not be true. Holt will moderate the first debate on Sept. 26.
Clinton won't visit Mexico: Hillary Clinton told ABC News they won't go to Mexico following Donald Trump's visit there last week. Clinton said Trump created a “diplomatic incident” on the trip. “He came out saying one thing and the Mexican president contradicted them almost immediately,” Clinton said, referring to Trump's statement that they didn't discuss payment for the proposed border wall. “He didn't raise it, so they did choke,” Clinton said. Mexico's president invited both Trump and Clinton to visit.
What could cause a shutdown: Budget-watcher Stan Collender writes in Forbes that the federal government could shut down in a little more than three weeks over several issues including the length of a stopgap budget. Conservative Republicans are demanding that a so-called continuing resolution last for all of, or at least through much of, fiscal 2017. The White House and congressional Democrats say they will only support a stopgap budget that lasts into December. Republicans want to lock in spending levels through next year so that Hillary Clinton won't be able to change them if she's elected president.
Developers still hope that Millennials will help fill the slowly growing number of vacant apartments across the United States. They might be right.
More than a million Millennials still live at home—less than a few years ago, but still a substantial number, including some who are likely to eventually rent apartments. “There's potential upside in demand there,” says Ron Witten, founder of Witten Advisors, an advisory firm that focuses on the apartment sector.
The strong demand for apartments continues to surprise, so that even though the vacancy level is rising, it has done so very slowly so far. Developers have started construction on a large number of new apartments, but they are restrained by banks that are not eager to lend on new construction projects.
The result is a rental market that may be roughly in balance, as the vacancy rate creeps higher. “We don't see much in the way of downward pressure on rents, but right now it is hard to underwrite significant pops in rent,” says Ben Sayles, director in the Boston office of capital services provider HFF.
Rent surprise
Over the last few years, demand for apartments—especially from Millennials—has filled apartment units almost as quickly as developers have been able to build them. Rents increased quickly as a result. “Nobody—developers, brokers, lenders, investors—could have foreseen this tremendous run-up in rents,” says Sayles. “Today's effective rents are generally well ahead of what was underwritten two years ago.”
Millions of Millennials finally started looking for rental units in recent years, after putting off starting their own households during the Great Recession and the slow economic recovery. Between 2008 and 2014, the slowdown resulted in 5.1 million fewer households forming than normal, according to data and analysis from Freddie Mac.
Even this far into the recovery, there are still about 1.5 million more young people living at home than usual, says Witten.
The current slow, steady job growth could draw more of these young people off the couch and into rental apartments. The economy added 2.2 million jobs in 2016. That's less than the 3 million and 2.7 million jobs added in 2014 and 2015, respectively, but still above the historical average. The labor force participation rate was still just 62.7 percent as of December 2016, which is only marginally higher than a year prior and lower than the post-recession average of 63.6 percent. The difference could potentially represent millions of new workers—and new households.
Household formation could also see another bump as Millennials reach their next life milestone. There are roughly 10 million Millennials who are 26 to 27 years old right now—historically the average age when people get married.
“There is no telling how this current cohort will behave,” says HFF's Sayles. “If they decide to marry around 26 or 27, then we'll see an increase in household formation. If they delay marriage, household formation is likely to remain flat.”
The long-term outlook: two years from today
So far, the percentage of vacant apartments has stayed well below 5 percent on average nationwide, though it has crept upwards into the mid-4-percent range, according to leading data firms.
The long-term trends of demographics and supply may keep the apartment market roughly in balance as long as two years into the future, when apartment projects planned today are likely to finally open.
Witten Advisors continues to forecast a relatively healthy apartment market two years from now. “Our outlook has remained about the same—slower rent growth, but still above average in most markets, as more supply opens,” says Witten. “The markets generally don't have an oversupply problem, but many do have a supply concentration problem, with many new projects in the same neighborhoods leasing up simultaneously and softening rents in the short term.”
An update to the EmojiOne Font, which lets you see full color emoji in select Linux apps, is now available.
Version 1.0 of the EmojiOne-Color-Font project fixes a number of irritating issues, including support for 1-9,# and * ligatures, and uses a new destination to install the ‘fontconfig' file.
Our original article is a little arcane. It walked you through the necessary steps for creating and adding a custom font config file to tell the system to (try to) use it. It
Things have, thankfully, been simplified a great deal since then. A new PPA offers pre-built packages for Ubuntu, and you on longer need to futz around with creating config files in folders you've never heard of.
As before, you'll only see color emoji in Mozilla Firefox, Thunderbird, and related Gecko apps through this font. Google Chrome doesn't support ‘SVG in OT' yet, and neither do many of the native toolkits used in Linux (e.g., Cairo, GTK+, etc).
There is a tradeoff: it requires BitStream Vera to be installed and will set the system default serif, sans-serif and monospace fonts to use it.
Install EmojiOne Font on Ubuntu 14.04 & 16.04 LTS
If you're using a supported LTS version of Ubuntu you can install the color emoji font from a new, dedicated PPA.
Note: If you have installed the font in the past (e.g. by following our earlier article) you will need to remove the existing .tff and fontconfig edit (if applied) BEFORE adding this PPA.
Seek, locate and annihilate (i.e. delete) the following files from your Home folder:
~/.fonts/EmojiOneColor-SVGinOT.ttf
~/.local/share/fonts/EmojiOneColor-SVGinOT.ttf
~/.config/fontconfig/fonts.conf
Once done (or if you never installed the font on your Ubuntu system) you can now add Eeosrei's Emoji Fonts PPA using your preferred method. I'll use the Terminal:
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:eosrei/fonts sudo apt update && sudo apt install fonts-emojione-svginot
Let all package download, unpack and install, then restart Firefox to allow the changes to take effect.
To verify that Firefox can now show coloured emoji visit the following test page:
Emoji Browser Support Test Page
Issues
No solution is without its flaws, and there are some known issues to be aware of when using this font.
If you install using the PPA you can, at any time, use the ppa-purge command to undo and remove the font and changes it applies.
Finally, remember that you'll only see colour emoji in supported apps (which is basically Firefox).
Elsewhere, until apps and toolkits like Cairo, GTK+, etc add support for SVGinOT you'll see fallback monochrome icons.
Prefer Twitter Emoji?
If you prefer the look of Twitter's native emoji you can, using the PPA above, install a version of this font that uses Twitter emoji in-place of Emoji One's glyphs.
To install it first remove the EmojiOne font (assuming you have it installed):
sudo apt remove fonts-emojione-svginot
Now install the Twemoji font (assuming you've added the PPA listed above):
sudo apt install fonts-twemoji-svginot
Again, you'll only see Twitter's emoji in Firefox, Thunderbird and related Gecko apps. Elsewhere the system will fall back to using black and white versions of Twitter emoji.
The 'Final' Sony PS3 Hack
from the our-hardware-our-rules dept
The PS3 has been hacked before, but Sony was able to inhibit the hack with an update to its own firmware. This is much like the history of jailbreaking on Apple's iOS, where hackers typically uncover a security vulnerability and exploit it, whereupon Apple patches the hole and suppresses the jailbreak.
But the latest PS3 break is being dubbed unpatchable and the final hack. That's because this hack isn't giving you an exploit to use against a programming hole. It's giving you Sony's so-called LV0 (level zero) cryptographic keys.
Let's hope, when the PS4 comes out, that Sony will give up on trying to lock out jailbreakers permanently, and instead provide a way for those who want to run alternative software to do so in official safety.
When King Cnut famously ordered the tide back and failed, they aren't an arrogant absolute ruler trying to show off. They knew they would fail, and thereby demonstrated that to hold back the tide was impossible - and, in any case, unnecessary - even for a king.
Sony's awesome freakout over folks "hacking" their PS3 product to return the functionality they originally advertised, but then retroactively took away , has been a long and often times hilarious saga. That said, all that freaking out occurred when the PS3 was still in its prime. Now that the console, while still the latest generation of Sony gaming console on the market, is clearly in its twilight years, it will be interesting to see how they react to what Sophos is reporting -- the Playstation 3 being "hacked for good".If true, the war is over and Sony lost. Hacker collective, the Three Musketeers, reportedly figured this all out some time ago, but now the LV0 keys have been leaked and it's open season on jailbreaking your PS3 (assuming you're technical enough to implement it). And, while it would be very easy to sit back and comment gleefully on the wonderful spirit of curiosity that propels this kind of work, and to likewise point out the futility of stopping people from tinkering with the products they legally bought, I find a different point more compelling.Quite simply, this war that Sony lost. They advertised a feature and it was only the subsequent and unilateral removal of that feature, which many customers very much wanted, that created all of this controversy. Without that removal, how much litigation money does Sony save? Without being anti-consumer, how much ill-will do they avoid? And all of that to fight a battle that, not only did they lose, but that theyto know they were overwhelmingly likely to lose over the long haul. Sophos touches on this point in hoping for a different approach in the future.Once I got done snickering at the name King Cnut, I found the analogy perfectly fitting. Hopefully Sony will avoid this war entirely the next go around, though with their track record, I won't be holding my breath.
Filed Under: hack, ps3
Companies: sony
Casey Wilson and June Diane Raphael.
Casey Wilson is back in business with Hulu. Having previously starred in Hulu's The Hotwives of … franchise, the Happy Endings alum and their frequent writing-production partner, June Diane Raphael (Grace & Frankie), have created a new comedy series project for the streaming network, Vulture has learned. Tentatively titled Unhinged, the potential show — produced by John Riggi — revolves around a woman with anger issues. Wilson said that they and Raphael have been working on the project for over a year. “June had the idea,” added Wilson, who will star as the woman with the storm cloud above their head. “We're just now getting comfortable with our anger and able to look at it with fondness.”
Wilson previously wrote about their anger issues for Lena Dunham's Lenny Letter, where they talk about once shaming a man who tipped them in pennies when they were a waiter, and how many of their phones she's crushed. “Anger is something a lot of women struggle with, but they either try their best to mask it and be really sweet or they lose it and are called a bitch,” said Wilson. “I think it's an interesting color on women and a funny one that has been explored a lot with men, but it's trickier when women are angry. I just think it's ripe for comedy.” Hulu is a natural home for Wilson: In addition to airing two seasons of The Hotwives, Hulu is also the exclusive streaming home for Happy Endings. A Hulu rep confirmed Unhinged is in the early stages of development.
Additional reporting by Josef Adalian.
The president's cabinet includes six women out of 24 positions and is on course to have a smaller percentage of women and nonwhites than the first cabinets of Barack Obama, George W. Bush, Bill Clinton and George Bush.
“Since the very beginning, women have driven, and I mean, each generation of Americans, towards a more free and more prosperous future,” Mr Trump said.
Listing such influential women as Abigail Adams and Harriet Tubman, they said: "We've had leaders like Susan B. Anthony. Have you heard of Susan B. Anthony? I'm shocked that you've heard of them - who dreamed of a much more fair and equal future and an America where women themselves as they said helped to make laws and elect the lawmakers, and that's what's happening more and more."
Their comment that they were shocked that a room full of women had heard of the 19th Century pioneer who paved the way for women's suffrage was mocked by social media users, including Chelsea Clinton.
Aquaman director James Wan is ready to sink an online rumor about the villainous character lineup for their stand-alone D.C. Comics movie.
Fans have figured the film could have a total of three villains for Arthur Curry (Jason Momoa) to face: Patrick Wilson as Aquaman's half-brother Orm (a.k.a. the Ocean Master), Abdul-Mateen as Black Manta, and Dolph Lundgren as King Nereus. But Wan says that math is off.
“This is what I'll say: I don't have three villains,” Wan exclusively told EW. “I think that's ridiculous! I would never go into an origin movie with three villains. We don't even know the main character let alone the world and its antagonist. I believe in taking baby steps.”
So … maybe two villains then?
“I want to introduce Arthur Curry in a much more emotional and powerful way, and introduce Mera played by Amber Heard, and of course there's Nicole Kidman and Temuera Morrison playing their parents,” the Furious 7 director added. “We know Black Manta is in there, but I will say this: Patrick Wilson is the main antagonist in this film. I wouldn't necessarily say ‘villain,' but he's the antagonist.”
And there you have it. It's that's a relief that Wan is keeping the film focused on mainly a single vill … antagonist, rather than creating, say, a Spider-Man 3-type situation in an origin movie.
Previously, Momoa told us we can expect to see a tale that spans details Curry's difficult childhood as a half-human, half-Atlantean to eventually becoming king.
“Justice League was only a weekend in Arthur Curry's life,” Momoa says. “This is a totally different beast. In Aquaman, you see when their parents met and what happened to hem. Then the little boy being raised and finding their powers and going through that and never being accepted on either side. And then becoming this man who puts up all these walls. You just slowly see this man harden up and be completely reluctant wanting to be king and not knowing what to do with these powers they have. I think James Wan just killed it.”
Aquaman is slated for release Dec. 21, 2018.
Jadeveon Clowney was the story of the night Thursday after being taken first in the NFL Draft by the Houston Texans, but he's got some teammates waiting to learn which NFL team they're going to join. Those players are, in order of who's likely to be taken first:
Ellington has been drafted by the San Francisco 49ers in the fourth round with the No. 106 overall pick.
Ellington, whose stock has risen rapidly in recent weeks, was projected by Mel Kiper to be taken by the Cleveland in the first round, but the Browns ended up trading to take Johnny Manziel instead. Kiper's evaluation of Ellington is definitely on the high end, though. SB Nation's Mocking The Draft ranks Ellington as the 19th-best wide receiver available. With just four wide receivers taken in the first round, Ellington might be a bit more questionable than originally expected to be a sure-fire day two selection.
The Browns have another chance to take Ellington with the 35th pick, and the Philadelphia Eagles are another team that may be interested in Ellington as a potential replacement for the speed they lost when DeSean Jackson left the franchise. In the first round, the Eagles traded down to take Louisville linebacker Marcus Smith, so receiver continues to be a position of need.
Finally, commenter DX-Tex titillates us with the knowledge that Bill O'Brien and the Texans are also quite fond of Mr. Ellington. Can you imagine Clowney, D.J. Swearinger, Johnathan Joseph, and Ellington each donning the red and blue?
Mocking The Draft lists Hampton as the No. 9 overall cornerback in the draft and is the 60th-best player available entering day two. That would seem to give them a decent chance of getting scooped up with one of the 64 selections that will be made on Friday evening.
Given their history of off-field issues, Hamton is more likely to be docked for the NYC incident (from which they and Kelcy Quarles have since been exonerated). Hampton may find themselves dropping to the late rounds given their lrecent run-in with the law, or a team might be willing to take a chance on him, considering that they haven't gotten into any major trouble since their first year at South Carolina.
Quarles aren't as likely to be taken today, but they have a shot. Their projections have hovered around the third and fourth rounds, and while their and Hampton's run-in with TMZ and the NYPD raised some eyebrows in recent weeks, they've been exonerated, and it was the first time Quarles has gotten into any meaningful trouble. Who might consider taking Quarles? New England, with its aging defensive line seemed like a possibility, but the Pats ended up taking Dominique Easley with their first pick
Although widely considered an intriguing prospect given the perception that he's underrated and that they played a bigger role in the Gamecocks' recent success than apparent at first glance, Shaw has never been considered more than a late-round prospect, so don't expect them to come off the board today.
Have you ever wondered who EXO‘s songs lyrics were dedicated to? Some fans believe EXO might be trying to portray their love to all their faithful fans through the lyrics in their songs…
Fans pieced together all of EXO's song and believe to have uncovered a romantic letter dedicated to EXO-Ls. What do you think?
Dear “My Lady,”
Do you remember when we saw “the first snow” together on “Christmas day”?
You looked so “beautiful” like a mysterious “black pearl” under the “moonlight.” At that moment I knew I had to “run” to you and make you my “angel.”
From that moment on, you became “the star” I looked for every night, my “miracle in December,” my “first love.”
I used to ask myself… “What is love” before I met you. Now “my answer” is …
Love is… wiping your tears and whispering, “Baby, don't cry,” because it's “my turn to cry.”
Love is… waiting for you to “call me, baby” so I can shower you with “kisses and hugs” and keep telling you how much I “love, love, love” you.
Before I met you, I didn't know it was possible for me to “overdose” on your “tender love,” but now I can't get enough of your presence “3.6.5” days a year.
“Baby,” we can make “history” together, so please, “don't go.” You're the “lady luck” who brought me out of the darkness and into the light, the one who became my lifeline, my breath of life.
Remember when your “mama” used to tell you fairy tales? I can't be “Peter Pan” and freeze time, but “what if” I told you I can take you in a time “machine” back to “December, 2014” when I asked you… “You ‘love me, right'”?
And you finally said yes.
Normal people would have had butterflies in their stomach, but all I heard was the sound of “thunder” pounding in my chest like a “heart attack” waiting to happen.
I “promise” I can take you on an “exodus” to “El Dorado” and show you how all the riches in the world, all the beautiful things you deserve, just to show you how “lucky” I am to have you by my side.
Trust me, I'm no “playboy” and I won't “growl” at you like a predatory “wolf.” Instead, I'll be the “transformer” that will protect you for the rest of your life.
Our journey together hasn't been the smoothest road, but I know that if you give me another chance, I will never “hurt” you again. We'll become inseparable like “two moons” under the starry sky, shining together, forever.
“XOXO,” EXO
TOKYO (Reuters) - Mitsubishi Motors Corp (7211.T) admitted to manipulating test data to overstate the fuel economy of 625,000 cars sold in Japan, knocking its shares down more than 15 percent and wiping $1.2 billion off its market value on Wednesday.
The automaker said it stopped making and selling its eK mini-wagons for the domestic market after Nissan Motor (7201.T), which markets a similar model made by Mitsubishi, found a discrepancy in fuel efficiency test data.
Mitsubishi Motors said the fuel economy levels of models made for the local market were up to a tenth lower than stated in its test results. It said it manipulated those levels to gain a favorable reading for its fuel economy certification.
As global emissions regulations tighten, fuel economy has become a major factor for environmental- and cost-conscious buyers.
Tetsuro Aikawa, the president of Japan's sixth-largest automaker, bowed in apology at a news conference in Tokyo for what is the biggest scandal at Mitsubishi Motors since a damaging defect cover-up over a decade ago.
“We'd like to apologize for the issue,” Aikawa said. “The focus right now is to resolve this problem and prevent it from happening again ... it could be quite damaging.”
Shares in Mitsubishi Motors closed down more than 15 percent at 733 yen, the stock's biggest one-day drop in almost 12 years. Shares in Nissan closed down 1 percent.
Mitsubishi Motors said the test manipulation involved 625,000 vehicles produced since mid-2013. These include its eK mini-wagon as well as 468,000 cars it made for Nissan, which markets them as the Dayz.
Mitsubishi Motors Corp's President Tetsuro Aikawa attends a news conference to brief about issues of misconduct in fuel economy tests at the Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism Ministry in Tokyo, Japan, April 20, 2016. REUTERS/Toru Hanai
MINISTRY ORDERS REPORT
Nissan, which has sold 450,000 of its Mitsubishi-made Dayz since 2013, said the manufacturer admitted intentionally falsifying the data. It said it had no plans to change its relationship with Mitsubishi Motors for now, and would not comment on how the issue might impact the development of updated models.
Mitsubishi said it would examine other models made for global markets to verify their fuel economy levels.
The company said that in calculating its cars' fuel efficiency, it measured how much they slowed per second rather than the time it takes to slow by 10 kms (6.2 miles) per hour, as required under Japanese regulations. It also manipulated the equipment used to measure a car's rolling resistance during fuel economy tests, and used a different testing system from other Japanese automakers.
Japan's Transport Ministry ordered Mitsubishi Motors to submit a full report on the test manipulation within a week, and said it would decide on its response to that report by May 18.
“We are disappointed this has occurred and regret that an incident like this can also happen in Japan,” said Takao Onoda, director at the ministry's recall division.
Mitsubishi Motors' admission follows its revelation in 2000 that it covered up safety records and customer complaints. Four years later it admitted to broader problems going back decades. It was Japan's worst automotive recall scandal at the time.
Mitsubishi Motors, which has annual sales of just over 1 million cars, is the first Japanese automaker to report misconduct involving fuel economy tests since Volkswagen (VOWG_p.DE) was discovered last year to have cheated diesel emissions tests in the United States and elsewhere.
Slideshow (2 Images)
South Korean carmakers Hyundai Motor Co (005380.KS) and affiliate Kia Motors Corp (000270.KS) in 2014 agreed to pay $350 million in penalties to the U.S. government for overstating their vehicles' fuel economy ratings. They also resolved claims from car owners.
($1 = 108.8600 yen)
And I promise I'm not going to say, “It's supply and demand.” I cringe every time I hear one of my colleagues say that on the news. I'll let you in on a secret: that's economist code for, “I'm not really sure but I don't want you to know that!” But, in reality, it's a very simple story. Today's spike is being driven by speculation, just as it was up to the financial crisis.
Don't take my word for it. Consider the data. First of all, what those saying “It's supply and demand” presumably mean is that prices are being determined solely by producers and end users. In other words, if what you pay at the pump is rising, it's either because you and the rest of the community of gas-users are using more, or those who pump it out of the ground are finding less. Demand is rising, supply is falling, or some combination thereof. Let's think about that. Here are weekly US gas prices since 1990 (data are from www.economagic.com):
[NOTE: If you can't see the graph clearly, right click on it and select view image and you'll see a larger version.]
Note that these are not inflation adjusted, so some upward slope would be expected just because of the slow rise in prices. Inflation from 1990 through 2010 was around 2.7%. The first full year of data is 1991, when gas prices averaged $1.10/gallon. Had they risen by 2.7%/year, they would be $1.87 today. I don't know if you've filled up lately, but they're a little higher than that!
However, out of respect for my colleagues, this doesn't mean that the real key isn't simply fundamental supply and demand. So, let's break it down. With respect to supply, here, according to the US Energy Information Administration, are known world oil reserves since 1991:
The only apparent correlation with the gas-price chart is that it is the opposite of what we'd expect! Of course, this is oil in the ground and not what was pumped out, but even with that caveat it's hard to imagine that supply, alone, is responsible for a doubling in prices over a mere 26 months. Double.
Now demand. This would be highly correlated with world growth. Here are those data (inflation-adjusted annual GDP growth from the US Department of Agriculture's Economic Research Service) from 1991 through 2010:
Again, it is difficult to reconcile this with gas prices. While there as clearly been a huge jump in growth from 2009 to 2010 and this does coincide with a rise on the gas-price chart, compare this with what happened from 1991 to 1999 (even 2002, save for a brief spike). Supply, according to world reserves, changed only slightly, but there was strong and consistent world growth year in and year out. If ever there was a time we should have seen a huge rise in prices, it was then. Instead, prices bounced around between $1.40 and $1.00. Today, not only have known reserves risen substantially, but we are only just emerging from the worst recession since the Great Depression--hardly a boom period. For comparison, world growth averaged 2.6% from 1991 through 2002. Since then, it's also been 2.6%, and over 2008-2010, it was 1.1%. This is not sounding like “It was supply and demand.” Is it surprising that gas prices are rising? No, not at all. The economy is recovering (albeit not nearly enough given our 13.5 million unemployed, but that's another story) and there is considerable tension in the Middle East. But, do underlying forces justify an increase in pump prices from $1.81 in February 2009 to $3.81 as of yesterday? Absolutely, positively not. Nor was there a reason for the run from $1.07 in December 2001 to $4.00 in July 2008.
What's left out of the equation is the financialization of the US. Our economy has become increasingly oriented toward managing financial wealth as opposed to the production of commodities. This started in the 1980s, with encouragement from both (I'm embarrassed to say) the economics discipline and the government. The former gave their scholarly blessing by telling everyone that markets were rational and efficient and the latter responded with deregulation of the financial industry and an increasingly hands-off approach to economic policy. Financialization both contributed to and was in turn encouraged by the massive run up of the stock market in the 1990s–the so-called “new” economy. Billions, nay, trillions, of dollars rushed around in search of easy money in the form of inflation-adjusted rates of return that simply could not logically be sustained (real GDP only rises around 3.5%/year, setting the upper limit to how much more prosperity we, as a nation, can truly enjoy). Look at the chart below showing the volume of activity for the S&P 500 since 1970 (www.economagic.com).
[NOTE: If you can't see the graph clearly, right click on it and select view image and you'll see a larger version.]
Note the jump in the mid 1980s, followed by a gradually and then steeply increasing slope, right up to the financial crisis. Even after that, the level of activity is massive compared to the early part of the chart. This is a result of the massive amounts of money out there looking to make even more money; more, in fact, than is logically possible. And as standard opportunities have dried up, they have looked elsewhere: commodities and oil.
Properly structured, there is nothing wrong with speculation. When an airline buys fuel for delivery in the future, that helps them plan and provides an important signal to both consumers and suppliers. It creates helpful information. But now imagine that some portion of the trillions of speculative dollars created by financialization made its way into the oil futures market, looking for a quick buck. It seems like a logical thing to do: we all need oil and the prices are likely to go up, right? And note that these don't have to be bad people. They are the ones in charge of your investment portfolios and retirement funds. They are paid by you to search for higher returns. But, what happens when they venture out of stocks and real estate and start buying oil futures (this was, incidentally, encouraged by the deregulation of the commodities market in 2000–note the increase in volatility of gas prices after that)? It's simple: the increase in demand causes futures prices rise. And as futures prices rise, those pumping oil out of the ground today decide to save it for tomorrow since “the market” says that price will be higher then. This has the effect of lowering today's supply and raising today's price. Having observed this, speculators say, “Hooray! We were right! Let's buy some more!!!” And so the cycle continues, driving up oil prices and causing gas to–-for no logical, underlying economic reason–-jump from $1.81 in February 2009 to $3.81 in April 2011. Unlike someone playing the roulette table in Vegas, this has tremendous negative consequences for the rest of the macroeconomy and has the power to start a new round of 1970s-like inflation. Let's not.
There are many authors who have gone into much more detail on this issue than me. Rather than repeat all their work, I'll link a couple of the best ones below:
Paul Davidson, economist and editor of the Journal of Post Keynesian Economics
Mike Norman, Chief Economist, John Thomas Financial
Payam Sharifi, economics PhD student at the University of Missouri, Kansas City
Michael W. Masters, Portfolio Manager for Masters Capital Management and Adam K. White, CFA, Director of Research for White Knight Research & Trading
Joshua M. Clark, Senior Writer for How Stuff Works
In closing, let me say that I have nothing against high gas prices, per se. The sooner we develop alternative energies, the better, and as today's prices rise so the incentive to do so increases. But, we can still do that with cheaper gas. There is no reason it should be any higher right now than, say, $2.00 to $2.50/gallon. And even if we put a research tax on top of that of (for example) $0.50 to generate grant money for universities to use in developing alternatives, we're still at only $2.50 to $3.00/gallon, PLUS we would be simultaneously working pro-actively to create a solution for future generations.
As for me, I've got no desire to pay double at the pump for the sake of my and other's retirement portfolios, especially since the latter will soon enough be seriously damaged by the effect of rising commodity prices on the non-financial part of the economy.
New data from Europe's Large Hadron Collider may signal the end of one of the most popular theories in physics, superstring theory. If the conclusions are true, scientists would need a new leading candidate for the "theory of everything."
The LHC actually hasn't debunked superstring theory directly. The theory maintains that everything in the universe is actually made up of extremely small vibrating strings. The strings, if they exist, would need to be much smaller than even the smallest particles that are known, and it's impossible for current science to probe such tiny scales.
However, the theory requires some effects on a scale that can be measured, one of those effects being "supersymmetry," which predicts that all normal particles actually have supersymmetric cousins, called sparticles, that are slightly different; the supersymmetric analog of the electron, for example, would be a selectron. Many scientists have supported supersymmetry because, in addition to being an essential element of superstring theory (it's the "super" part), it neatly explains how electromagnetism and nuclear forces are united, and it provides an answer to dark matter. But now evidence suggests it just might be fiction.
The LHC was studying the decay of "strange beauty" particles, called B-mesons, looking for evidence of supersymmetric particles. Last year, experiments at the Tevatron at Chicago's Fermilab saw that the decay of certain mesons was different from their antimatter versions, which scientists suspected may have been due to supersymmetry. The LHC was able to examine the process in more detail, however, and found no evidence of any sparticles whatsoever.
That result could mean a couple of things. It could mean that the simplest version of supersymmetry is wrong. There are more complicated versions of the theory that still allow for the existence of sparticles, but don't necessarily require the B-mesons' decay to show the influence of them.
It could also, of course, mean that supersymmetry is bunk. To date, no experiment has shown evidence that sparticles exist. That could be because they simply don't, and they're just wishful thinking on the part of theoretical physicists. That, in turn, would throw a wrench into the works of superstring theory (and its larger cousin, M-theory), a popular "theory of everything" that unites quantum physics with Einstein's theory of relativity, a task that has so far eluded experimental physics.
Experiments will continue, of course, but this could be the beginning of the end for superstring theory. There's no shortage of alternative grand theories for mixing quantum mechanics and relativity, however, and superstring theory's downfall could lead to many new theories being proposed. The next few years could be an exciting time to be a theoretical physicist.
For more from Peter, follow them on Twitter @petepachal.
For the top stories in tech, follow us on Twitter at @PCMag.
“Fuller House” star Jodie Sweetin has revealed that they are the first cast member to join “Dancing With the Stars” Season 22. She'll be partnered with dance pro Keo Motsepe.
Sweetin made the announcement on “Good Morning America” on Wednesday, the same day that Netflix renewed “Fuller House,” their long-awaited “Full House” sequel series, for Season 2. Sweetin plays Stephanie Tanner on the comedic revival.
“I would have loved to have done it in the past but it was a huge scheduling conflict with ‘Fuller House' at the time so I wasn't able to do it, but I'm a huge fan of the show,” they said on “GMA.”
Sweetin already had a chance to test the waters by dancing with “DWTS” pro Val Chmerkovskiy on “Fuller House,” an experience that they said “definitely helped set things up” for them to join the competition.
“I've always loved to dance. Stephanie was a dancer on the show growing up; I danced growing up, not as much as I would have liked to. I definitely don't call myself a professional but I have some moves, I have some rhythm so I'll be okay.”
Them “Fuller House” castmate, Candace Cameron Bure, previously competed on the ABC dance series in Season 18, where they were partnered with Mark Ballas. Bure came in third on “DWTS” — can Sweetin do better?
The rest of the “DWTS” Season 22 cast will be revealed on “GMA” next week.
The most popular baby names in 2014 were Amelia and Oliver. However, the latest data has shown that more parents appear to be looking to modern culture for inspiration on the naming of their children.
1. Stark girls are having the greatest influence on Game of Thrones girls' names
It seems that more parents want their daughters to take Daenerys' regal name ‘Khaleesi' than their birth name. We can see that the Stark girl names, Arya and Sansa, remain strong. Brienne is the newest female addition this year, with 4 girls.
2. Lannisters, Greyjoys and Starks battle for popularity among Game of thrones boys' names
Download the data.
Like the TV series, the Starks, Lannisters and Greyjoys are battling it out for popularity among the male Game of Thrones names. We can see the largest peak after the series first aired in 2011, but Theon and Bran track each other in popularity after each book release throughout the noughties.
3. The ice princess' name rises up the rankings of baby girls' names in 2014
Download the data
The Frozen phenomenon has seen Elsa, a traditional turn of the century name, rise up the rankings of baby girls' names. Them sister Anna proves less popular, and has actually seen a decrease. Even Kristoff and Olaf made a splash on the charts with 3 and 52 babies' names respectively. This is the first year Kristoff has appeared in the rankings.
4. Pop star names rise to fame shortly after debut and hit albums
Download the data.
Soon after their debut album release in 2010, Rita Ora's increasing fame is matched by an increase in baby girls called Rita. Similarly, the name Drake became more popular after their hit album in 2010.
5. Harry and Louis the most popular baby names of all One Direction members
It's clear that Harry has the most popular boys' baby names from One Direction. Zayn appears to have had an influence on parents' baby name choices, with almost 8 times as many baby boys called Zayn in 2014 as there were in 2010. Niall and Louis also prove less popular, but perhaps we will see a change next year after the group's huge world tour.
6. Logan increased in popularity after X-Men films released
Download the data.
Since 2000, Logan (Wolverine) seems to have had the greatest effect on baby names of all the X-Men characters.
7. Messi and Ronaldo hit names peak before made World Player of the Year
Download the data.
Ronaldo peaked in 2007, the first time they won the Premier League with Manchester United. Messi peaked at little later in 2009, corresponding with their successful season at Barcelona in 2008.
Key world players may also influence names. After the 2014 FIFA World Cup Neymar and Luis (Suarez) increased in popularity, with 8 and 134 respectively in 2014.
8. The Kardashian girls rise to fame appears to have influenced baby girls' names since reality show became a hit
Download the data.
We can see the effect in baby names, with Kourtney, Khloe and Kendall all increasing in number since 2010. However, despite being the most popular character, the name Kim has actually decreased in popularity.
9. Increased popularity in classic names could be influenced by Downton Abbey
Download the data.
Names that were popular at the turn of the last century (1904) have increased in popularity since around 2004, and Downton Abbey may be having an effect on this since in first aired in 2010. Edith, Violet and Rose were all in the top 30 names in 1904, and are rising in influence once again in the 21st century.
10. Hollywood films and actors inspire baby name choices
Channing didn't appear in the baby names list until 2009, most likely after Channing Tatum's success in the Step Up and 21 Jump Street franchises. Similarly the name Mila increased after 2010, perhaps due to Mila Kunis' success in the film Black Swan.
Mr. Fisher says they begin every project by mapping out the most difficult maze they can fathom, then making it gradually easier. “I'll reduce its complexity by adding extra pathways” or adding visual landmarks like bridges or “islands,” the term for a circular gathering of corn.
Psychology plays a role as well. “You've got to manage expectations,” Mr. Fisher said. Just as amusement parks post signs that intentionally overestimate the wait times for popular rides, Mr. Fisher said, maze owners should tell visitors that the maze will take longer than it should, so they don't become frustrated or, perhaps, terrified.
There are tricks to successful maze navigation. “This rule doesn't always apply,” said Mr. Herbst, “but in most mazes, if you hold your hand to the wall on the left or the right side, it will eventually bring you back out.” (True, you might end up exiting the way you came in, but it beats calling 911).
It's not a fail-safe system though. “Once you start adding bridges and crossovers” to a maze, Mr. Fisher said, that technique becomes “unhelpful.” And many modern mazes include corn islands that are not obviously circular and can lead people in endless rotations.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
And forget about the GPS feature on your smartphone, Mr. Herbst said. “That might tell you where you are in the field,” they said, “but unless that field is shown on the GPS photograph, you'd be hard pressed to make much sense of that.” One trick would be to remember which direction you entered the maze from — north, south, etc. — and let the GPS at least lead you in the right direction, they added.
While corn mazes are relatively new — Mr. Fisher said they built the first American one in 1993 — hedge mazes date back hundreds of years, when they were a luxury item at European castles and palaces. Unlike modern corn mazes, European-style hedge mazes were rarely difficult to get through.
As corn mazes have become larger and more complex, designers have come up with the idea of building in clues and help lines to avoid stranding fun-seekers. Many mazes now feature posts with trivia questions, the answers to which direct visitors toward the exits. Others have simple systems that allow people to request an escort.
But like travelers in a strange city, some people are simply better equipped than others for dealing with mazes, said Louis Pugliese, professor of educational psychology at California State University, Northridge.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Making sense of a three-dimensional puzzle requires “the ability to create a mental representation of where someone has been,” they said. People not blessed with natural mapping ability can compensate by using the sort of “metacognitive strategies” taught in Boy Scouts, like placing a pile of rocks by a path one has already taken, assuming one can find rocks in a corn field.
Mr. Connors, the proprietor of the Massachusetts farm, said that in five years of hosting visitors at corn mazes, they have never before had one who needed to be rescued — probably because they give every visitor a “passport” with clues on how to get out. There are also signs posted within the maze advising lost customers to send a “corn text” from their mobile phone to a help number.
And if all else fails, they advise the simplest way out.
“It's not like 100-acre field out there,” they said. “Just cut through the corn.”
One of the most daunting questions in volcanology today is what exactly triggers different volcanic eruptions. The problem is twofold: (1) eruptions are triggered deep underground (a few to tens of kilometers) in magmatic systems and (2) there may be no single trigger, but a group of potential triggers. What we can do is look for clues about what might be some of the most likely culprits for triggering eruptions. Most of those potential triggers are centered around adding heat, mass or volatiles (gases like water vapor, carbon dioxide, etc.) to a magmatic system with eruptible magma. However, what might be the root causes of eruptions and do they differ depending on the size of the eruption? This is where attempting to model an eruption being triggered could offer some clues about the most important factors.
Two studies in Nature Geoscience this week help us in understanding how volcanic eruptions of different sizes might be triggered and it comes down to two factors: injection of new magma and the buoyancy of magma. In fact, both studies point to the idea that to produce a very large eruption — we're talking tens to thousands of cubic kilometers of erupted material (yes, so-called “super-eruptions”) — it is the buoyancy of a large body of eruptible magma that might be the main driver for these eruptions.
Both of these studies model subsurface processes in the magmatic systems, but do so in different ways. Caricchi and others (2014) use mathematical models to examine how different styles of magmatic injection could drive an eruption while Malfait and others (2014) use experimental data collected by looking at real samples of silicic magmas to model how buoyancy could trigger an eruption. Together, it appears that our theory that a recharge event (new magma injections) is needed to cause an eruption may require modification.
Caricchi and others looked at how changing rates of new magma injections could effect the state of pressures within a magmatic system. Most all magma is stored underground, so it has the pressure of the overlying rocks pressing down on it (roughly 4.4 meters of rock presses down on you as much as the entirety of the Earth's atmosphere above you), preventing an eruption. The pressure within the magmatic systems must exceed some critical pressure to allow magma to reach the surface and erupt. They assume two main methods to cause an overpressure: (1) adding volume by new injections of magma or (2) adding buoyancy to the magma by addition of volatiles and crystallization. Crystallization of a silicic magma will increase the volatile content of the liquid magma that remains, so the eruptible magma can be concentrated in volatiles, making it less dense.
If you model high rates of magmatic intrusion at a constant rate, then the pressure of injection (additional volume in a confined space) alone can exceed the critical pressure, causing small but frequent eruptions. However, if those intrusions are sporadically introduced, the volatiles can concentrate and raise the buoyancy of the magma chamber as it stews, leading to the pressure of buoyancy to exceed the critical pressure. Considering that small eruptions have not tapped that reservoir, a much larger volume of magma can erupt. If the rate of intrusion is low, it doesn't matter how it arrives: the critical pressure is never exceeded and instead you produce a pluton (magma crystallizing underground).
One of the most interesting implications of Caricchi and other's model is that if you use the buoyancy endmember for eruption triggers, the average recurrence interval of large eruptions (10s to 100,000s cubic kilometers) is between 100,000 and 1,000,000 years (see figure, above) — which isn't unreasonable for caldera-forming eruptions. This is independent of whether the eruption is tens of cubic kilometers of hundreds of thousands of cubic kilometers. However, the timescales overpressure due to injection varies greatly depending on the size of the system, from months to millennia.
Malfait and others (2014) tackled the question of the buoyancy of magma, and this buoyancy is driven by density. You might think we already know the density of rhyolite magma, which is true, except that we know it at surface pressures and temperatures. How does it change at depth with increased water contents? These are the conditions that are necessary to understand eruption triggers within a magmatic system. Malfait and others (2014) used experimental data of samples of silicic magma held at high pressures and temperatures in order to measure those densities and they found that in magma with upwards of 7 weight percent water at ~30 kilometer depth pressures, the density is only ~2000-2200 kg/m3. This is much lower than the surrounding continental crust, which is ~2700 kg/m3. This means the magma will be very buoyant and want to rise. Put a thickness of ~8 km of silicic magma (see figure, below) in the crust and it could produce sufficient overpressure to exceed the critical pressure and cause an eruption — and put that magma even closer to the surface, thus lowering the critical pressure, and it might be even easier to produce an eruption via buoyancy. This idea has been presented before in a study by Gregg and others (2011), where the overpressure also helps weaken the overlying rock, leading to eruption.
This means that merely constructing a body of rhyolite magma in the crust could be enough to cause an eruption without any recharge by new magma needed. Malfait and others (2014) look at the Yellowstone magmatic reservoir as we know it and conclude that there isn't enough melt present to cause anything close to overpressure. However, the pressure will constantly increase as the magmatic systems continues to cool — so either the magma will cool completely and solidify before eruption or another eruption could occur — and all bets are off if there are new intrusions of magma.
These two studies lead to some interesting implications for understanding the cause of volcanic eruptions. As I mentioned before, it looks like there is no need for new injections of magma to cause a massive eruption — all you need is the slow increase in buoyancy of the silicic magma. They also suggest that volatiles are indeed the most important player when it comes to eruptions, both in terms of causing explosive eruptions but also driving the eruption in the first place. At the Lassen Volcanic Center (LVC), we have one very large eruption, the Rockland Tephra. It stands out because it is the only very large eruption in the LVC and it was early in the history of the modern Lassen Field. These new studies might suggest that changes in the timing of recharge events from irregular to regular during the development of the magmatic system allowed for the change from very large eruptions to frequent smaller eruptions.
In terms of volcano monitoring, these studies would suggest that knowing the physical state and size of the magmatic system under a volcano is paramount to predicting potential sizes of eruptions. This could be accomplished by seismic studies at large volcanic systems to image the magma. However, we would also need estimates of the volatile content of the magma, a much harder thing to do, likely through melt inclusions in minerals or examining degassing patterns. This means that we still haven't found the secret to predicting eruptions (not by a longshot).
One final implication: as Lockwood Dewitt mentioned on Twitter, this could finally allow us to differentiate “super-eruptions” from small eruptions — that is, eruptions triggered by buoyant overpressure rather than injection overpressure. It could be difficult to back out the exact trigger mechanism for past eruptions, but we could look for evidence (or lack thereof) of new injections of magma in the erupted material to tell them apart. Interesting idea, but we'll likely need to take these models and figure out how to apply them to real volcanic deposits.
Overall, the studies by Caricchi and others (2014) and Malfait and others (2014) give us some fascinating new directions to examine to understand the triggers of volcanic eruptions. Neither of these studies say we're closer (or further) from the next massive eruption, but now we know it doesn't take new magma to get the action to start.
References
Caricchi L, Annen C, Blundy J, Simpson G & Pinel V, 2014. Frequency and magnitude of volcanic eruptions controlled by magma injection and buoyancy, Nature Geoscience. d oi :10.1038/ngeo2041
Gregg P, de Silva S, Grosfils E & Parmigiani JP, 2011. Development, evolution and triggering of supereruptions, Geological Society of America Abstracts with Programs, Vol. 43, No. 5, p. 651.
The decision came despite the U.S. raising the debt ceiling and averting a default, and even as both Fitch and Moody's re-affirmed the U.S.'s Triple-A rating.
An rating puts the U.S. five notches below Triple-A and at the same level as Russia.
Explaining its decision Dagong said the debt deal had not changed the general trend in which the increase in debt outpaced the increase in GDP and tax revenue.
Dagong said that while the increase in the debt ceiling matched the cuts, "there is an eight-year difference between the two objectives."
According to the firm, the U.S. needs to cut its fiscal deficit by at least $4 trillion within the next 5 years to maintain its current debt size.
China's central bank, meanwhile warned on Wednesday that the Treasury market was likely to be choppy and urged the U.S. to act "responsibly" on the debt situation.
It was the first official reaction from the country since the debt crisis began. China is the largest creditor to the U.S. and has foreign exchange reserves of $3.2 trillion, about two-thirds of which are in dollar-denominated assets.
Dagong's ratings cut though is unlikely to have any major implications in the bond market, given that most investors rely on ratings from the big three firms - Moody's, Standard & Poor's and Fitch.
Michael Hasenstab, who manages $150 billion in fixed income and is senior vice president and portfolio manager at Franklin Templeton, also said Dagong's ratings lacked transparency.
"The challenge with that rating agency out of China is that there's not a lot of transparency and so it's a little difficult to take too much out of that," Hasenstab told CNBC on Wednesday.
Hasenstab, however, said Dagong's action raised an important issue that politicians had been unable to deal decisively with the debt issue and the bruising political fight had hurt confidence in the U.S.
"(The) process, I think, has unnerved the markets and unnerved the world," they said.
Iranian netizen under immedate threat of execution
According to a report from Reporters Without Borders (RSF), Saeed Malekpour, the 36-year-old web and circumvention tool developer who in January was sentenced to death, is now under threat of immedate execution. In the report, RSF writes: "The family of Saeed Malekpour [has reported] that their sentence order has been sent to the office responsible for carrying out sentences, which means that they could [be] executed at any time during the coming hours or days." Malekpour is currently in solitary confinement in Tehran's notorious Evin Prison.
EFF is extremely concerned for Malekpour. We stand with the scores of human rights and freedom of expression advocates in condemning their sentence issued by the Iranian state and urge Iran to reconsider Malekpour's sentence.
Syrian blogger released, others remain imprisoned
As we reported last week, more than a dozen Syrian human rights activists were arrested on January 16 during a raid on the Syrian Center for Media and Freedom of Expression. Among them were bloggers Razan Ghazzawi (who was conditionally released on February 18) and Hussein Ghrer, both of whom were imprisoned in 2011 without trial. Ghrer remains in prison.
EFF condemns the Syrian state for these attacks on free expression, and calls for the immediate release of those arrested in the raid. We renew our call on the international community to take notice of these alarming events unfolding in Syria, and to demand the Syrian authorities to end their campaign of repression by continuing to discuss and publicize these events on as many online venues as possible.
89 "online" journalists imprisoned all over the world
The Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) has released their 2011 annual 'Attacks on the Press' report, detailing the global threats to press freedom. CPJ's research documented a total of 179 journalists imprisoned as of December 1, 2011, a whopping 89 of which were "journalists whose worked appeared primarily online."
Though the entirety of the lengthy report is of interest to free expression advocates, Executive Director Joel Simon's chapter, entitled 'The Next Information Revolution: Abolishing Censorship' will be of particular interest to those concerned with digital rights. The chapter elucidates the jurisdictional concerns pertinent to the globalized nature of the Internet, highlighting the need for a "broad global coalition against censorship that brings together governments, the business community, civil society organizations, and the media" to ensure that freedom of information is respected in practice.
The report can be read online, downloaded [pdf] from CPJ's website, or purchased in book form.
Salvador severed the head of Palmira Silva, 82, at their Edmonton neighborhood home during the random Sept. 4 attack, police said. They had been staying with friends at a neighboring property at the time.
Moments later, a police helicopter's camera captured Salvador — armed with a machete and a wooden pole — trying to smash into another backyard where children were playing.
The bare-chested Salvador crashed through gardens behind homes during their 45-minute rampage as police desperately tried to warn residents of the imminent danger.
"This man has decapitated a person already ... We can confirm the lady is dead," a voice on the recording can be heard saying. "He's now smashing the premises up."
As Salvador got closer to the children, unarmed police officer Steven Robertson defied an order to withdraw and scrambled onto a roof to warn their mother.
"He should be highly and publicly commended for that," Recorder of London Nicholas Hilliard told the court Tuesday about Robertson's heroic actions on that day.
Prosecutors and defense lawyers each accepted the advice of psychiatrists that Salvador was suffering from paranoid schizophrenia.
On November 27th, 2017 CNET author Ian Sheer and Erin Carson had their hit-piece against #GamerGate re-published, even though it originally contained multiple falsehoods and disinformation about the consumer movement. The name of the piece is called “GamerGate to Trump: How video game culture blew everything up”, and features all the same misinformation that it did when it was originally published back in June of 2017.
CNET starts by attempting to paint Anita Sarkeesian as a hapless victim who was only trying to improve the game industry. In reality they did more to sow distrust, gender segregation, and misinformation about the industry than bring any kind of positive effects to the culture. That's not to mention the double-standards that followed when the media praised or defended Sarkeesian when they were caught on camera verbally abusing and harassing Carl “Sargon of Akkad” Benjamin who was in attendance at one of their panels during a VidCon convention.
Worse yet was that the VidCon organizers apologized to Sarkeesian after they harassed Sargon of Akkad, which left many normal people scratching their heads how someone who is supposed to be anti-harassment was allowed to harass one of their critics and have the act justified by the same media who have been clamoring for years to supposedly end harassment.
That's not to mention that Sarkeesian's Feminist Frequency video series called “Tropes vs Women in Games” were littered with inaccuracies and falsehoods that could easily be debunked by simply playing the games they criticized.
Better discussions about the subject matter of females in gaming have cropped up, but media outlets aren't intent on having that discussion since the creator, Liana Kerzner, isn't using victimhood as the basis for discussion.
The CNET article doesn't mention any of Sarkeesian's factual inaccuracies nor their attempts to create hostilities between the genders in the gaming community, but instead continues to paint them as the helpless victim that they so often portrays themselves to be.
They then move on to Zoe Quinn, claiming…
“A few years later, anonymous online trolls threatened to rape and kill indie game developer Zoë Quinn after their ex-boyfriend posted a 9,000-word online screed accusing them of sleeping with a games journalist for a positive review.”
This is false. Eron Gjoni never mentioned that they slept with a games journalist for a positive review. In fact that whole line was fabricated by the media as a red herring to distract from their own corruption, which included harassing, assaulting, abusing and even raping women. If you read the original Zoe Post, Gjoni never even mentions the word “review” in the post.
CNET goes on to falsely state…
“The whole campaign against Sarkeesian, Quinn and other women became known as #GamerGate.”
This is false. The campaign was against corruption in the media for spreading lies, misinformation, and purposeful disinformation. Essentially, the goal of the movement was to stop the very kind of articles that CNET just published in an attempt to defame #GamerGate. In fact, #GamerGate worked with the FTC to help investigate Gawker for their unethical use of paid endorsements and affiliate links without disclosure, and also regularly reported various media organizations to the FTC for investigation.
CNET has no records on file that the movement was a “whole campaign” against the asupervisorstioned individuals.
CNET goes on to lie by omission, writing the following…
“Sarkeesian, who like Quinn declined to comment for this story, was forced to cancel a speech at a college campus after receiving an anonymous email from a supposed student threatening “the deadliest school shooting in American history.”
It's true that there was an anonymous e-mail sent in as a threat to Sarkeesian. However, what CNET fails to mention is that the FBI investigated the threats and published the e-mails for everyone to read, and it was written by a troll (or trolls) who also threatened to deliver 9,000 bombs to the school, which is physically impossible for a single person to do. You can read the e-mail in full from the FBI's heavily redacted report, part of which reads…
“We of GamerGate, or GamerGators, as we prefer to call ourselves, are sick and tired of you stupid feminists ruining everything by saying it's sexist. You all need a hug, some tea, and maybe a gentle back massage, and what better way to pacify you than by burning your faces off with high-ordinace explosives. “You can try calling the FBI to come arrest me, but I'm behind 7 proxies and you'll never be able to backtrace this IP. Can't lulzback the [redacted] “Oh, and I'm also fapping to all of your pictures right now. You're hot. It's a shame you're about to get blown up.”
Even the FBI profilers were quick to note that the letters seemed to be written by the same person. Most everyone else also recognized that the letters contained lots of references to old 4chan memes.
The FBI was also informed that the person who wrote the threats may have come from the Somethingawful.com forums, a community notorious for being anti-#GamerGate.
Despite all the reports from the media about #GamerGate being a harassment campaign, there was literally no verifiable evidence available anywhere online suggesting it as such, and the FBI closed the case nine months after opening the investigation due to a lack of actionable evidence.
Nevertheless, CNET continues on with the conjecture, writing…
“In the case of GamerGate, the mobs coalesced around a particular hatred of what they saw as outsiders — women, in particular — attacking video games, which they claimed was theirs.”
Citation needed.
There were women who headed up many of #GamerGate's early operations, especially those targeting advertisers and corrupt media outlets, and even went so far as to tell media outlets like CNET not to use them as a shield for the media's corruption.
CNET then quotes Paul Booth from DePaul University, a pop-culture major, who stated…
“It's like staking your claim on a particular ideology or a particular view. Other views, other ideas, other people aren't allowed in.”
Citation needed.
Various types of gaming cultures are dominated by all types of people.
If CNET is serious about what they claim, they should release a [current year] group staff photo to prove that they foster the kind of diverse corporate culture that they claim is missing from gaming, otherwise it's ethnic appropriation on their part to speak on behalf of diverse audiences if their own organization isn't diverse.
Nevertheless, the article goes on to state…
“The GamerGate mob also expanded use of a tactic called “doxxing,” or publishing a person's address, Social Security number, phone number or any other private information. A lot of this information is already available on the internet, either for free or for a small price through public and private databases. But giving the info to a hate campaign opens a person up to attacks on all fronts — and once someone has your private information, it's not like you can get it back from them.”
Citation needed.
All sorts of people had their dox spread on both the anti and pro #GamerGate side by third-party trolls, including Muse Games' marketing director, Liz Finnegan. Finnegan used to be a rather avid pro-#GamerGate supporter until trolls put a Box out involving their kids. They addressed a letter to Kotaku in Action basically saying that they had to bow out of #GamerGate.
CNET failed to report on that.
CNET then attempts to draw parallels between Trump and #GamerGate, but the message is tenuous and seems to rely on linking their perception of #GamerGate with online trolling, while tying that to their description of the Alt-Right. They then claim that the industry has been slow to respond to #GamerGate, writing…
“And the video game industry, which was slow to respond to GamerGate, has been pushing back in a less confrontational way. “
In reality, any company opposed to #GamerGate means that they're advocating for the status quo of corruption. The movement was anti-corruption at its core, and it has worked on behalf of consumers to expose fabricated news from mainstream media, libel from political-leaning blogs, and both pedophiles and rapists from within the journalism field.
All of #GamerGate's accomplishments in attempting to clean up the corruption within the media industry are well documented across various alternative media website. However, the ethical elements of the movement have been mostly voided from the Wikipedia entry because the editors camping the page were found to be friends with Zoe Quinn and were paid to keep the Wikipedia entry biased against the movement.
We also have organizations like CNET who have used baseless claims and sophistry to push groundless views into mainstream news. In response, gamers have been logging attacks against gaming culture from gaming outlets and gaming journalists over on Deep Freeze.
This image taken from an online video released by the Islamic State group's al-Furqan media arm on Jan. 20, 2015, purports to show the group threatening to kill two Japanese hostages -- Kenji Goto, left, and Haruna Yukawa. (Photo11: AP)
One of two Japanese men being held by the Islamic State for a $200 million ransom is a freelance journalist abducted after going into Syria to search for the first hostage, the NHK Japanese TV network reported.
Reporter Kenji Goto, 47, recorded a statement before heading into Syria, according to their Syrian translator and guide, Alaaeddin Al-Zaeem, NHK reports.
"Because it is very dangerous, whatever happens, I will not blame the people of Syria. I urge the Japanese people not to demand Syrians to take responsibility," Goto says. "But I will definitely come back alive."
The Islamic State, also known as ISIL or ISIS, has taken over large swaths of territory in Syria and Iraq. It posted a video online Tuesday threatening to kill the two hostages — Goto and Haruna Yukawa— within 72 hours if the ransom is not paid. It showed the pair, dressing in orange clothing, kneeling in front of a knife-brandishing, masked militant.
CLOSE On the heels of Japan's pledge to donate $200 million in non-military aid to countries fighting ISIS, a new video posted online depicts an Islamic State terrorist threatening the lives of two Japanese hostages. VPC
Al-Zaeem, 34, told NHK on Wednesday that they met Goto in late October and that the reporter was trying "to get some news or information" about Yukawa, the 42-year-old founder of a private security firm who disappeared in August.
Al-Zaeem said they had worked as a guide for Goto and that the journalist had asked "two or three times before" for help crossing the Turkish border into Syria. Zaeem also said Goto apparently knew Yukawa.
"I (told) him, 'Don't go, please. It's not safe for you,'" the guide said.
Returning to Tokyo from a six-day Middle East tour slightly ahead of schedule, Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe said: "We are fighting against time, and we'll make an all-out effort and use every diplomatic route that we have developed to win the release of the two."
Government spokesperson Yoshihide Suga said Japan was trying to determine the authenticity of the video but would not give in to threats.
"We will not give in to terrorism and will continue contributing to the international community to fight against terrorism," they said, adding Abe had ordered them to place "top priority" on saving the hostages' lives.
CLOSE Amateur video of journalist Kenji Goto, one of two Japanese held for ransom by Islamic State, shows the reporter filming in Syria. Rough cut (no reporter narration). Video provided by Reuters Newslook
Japanese media, citing unnamed officials, reported Wednesday that Goto's wife received an e-mail in December demanding a ransom of more than 2 billion yen ($17 million).
They exchanged several e-mails with the unknown person, whose address was similar to one used by the Islamic State, the Kyodo News service and other media outlets reported. The messages did not include a threat to kill Goto.
The militant group has carried out threats to kill foreign captives, posting videos showing the beheading of American hostages James Foley and Steven Sotloff and British hostages David Haines and Alan Henning.
In past international hostage situations involving Japanese captives, at least one has been killed while most have been released. It is unclear how many times Japan has paid a ransom. The only confirmed case was in Kyrgyzstan in 1999.
Contributing: Associated Press
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1BF0vUP
| by Stefan Novakovic |
The Toronto Financial District BIA has announced the #PATH360 public survey to help inform the creation of an improved PATH wayfinding network. Used by 200,000 people each day, the PATH system is widely considered to be the longest subterranean pedestrian network of its kind in the world, holding the Guinness World Record for largest underground shopping complex. However, the PATH system's somewhat labyrinthine layout is also often considered difficult to navigate by visitors to the city, a problem that the #PATH360 initiative seeks to address.
The survey asks users to comment on whether the current map seen here is easily navigable, image courtesy of City of Toronto
Although various pedestrian tunnels existed in Toronto since the turn of the 20th century, the modern PATH network came into being with the construction of TD Centre in 1967. In order to maintain the aestethic purity of Mies van der Rohe's design, the TD Centre's retail areas were placed underground, setting a precedent that was followed by subsequent Downtown office towers. Though the PATH network was essentially unplanned, connecting to it became a de facto requirement for new development, creating a sprawling complex that does not lend itself to intuitive wayfinding.
While a wayfinding system now exists, the Financial District BIA recognizes that the PATH has "outgrown its current map and navigation system." In creating a new wayfinding strategy, the Financial District BIA is working closely with stakeholders from the City of Toronto, other downtown BIAs, emergency services, as well as commercial buildings and their tenants.
PATH concept map for discussion purposes, image courtesy of TFD BIA
The #PATH360 survey is available here, and only takes a few minutes to complete. We will keep you updated as the new wayfinding strategy begins to take shape, with a first look at the preliminary designs expected later this year.
Elizabeth Blackwell was determined to go to medical school, but family and friends who were physicians advised them to give up–women in the 1800s were not allowed to become doctors.
Even though they were rejected from 29 colleges, Elizabeth Blackwell didn't give up.
They finally got into Geneva Medical College, but quite by accident. Students and professors sometimes made their life difficult and some physicians refused to work with them Yet, they persevered.
Eventually, in 1849, Blackwell became the first woman to receive a medical degree in the United States. The local press reported their graduation favorably, and when the dean, Dr. Charles Lee, conferred their degree, they stood up and bowed to them
They went on to build a medical practice, and create a place where women could have medical internships, New York Infirmary for Indigent Women and Children, (since many healthcare facilities didn't welcome female interns). And they later establish a medical college for women in London.
(READ more at BradAronson.com)
36-year-old Billy Payne Jr. and their girlfriend, 23-year-old Billie Jean Hayworth, recently unfriended 30-year-old Jenelle Potter on Facebook. Jenelle was upset, but not as much as their 60-year-old father, Marvin "Buddy" Potter (pictured right). They were so angry when they learned about the unfriending that they and 38-year-old Jamie Lynn Curd (pictured left), who reportedly had romantic feelings for Jenelle, went out and murdered Payne and Hayworth last week. The couple is survived by an eight-month-old baby boy, who was found unharmed, in Hayworth's arms.
The couple was shot in their home last Tuesday morning. The victims lived with Billy Payne Sr., who was the last person to see them alive; they reportedly saw Hayworth get up to feed the baby before they left for work at about 5:30 AM on January 31, 2012.
About five hours later, when a former neighbor stopped by to pick up mail the family would save for him, Payne was found dead in their bedroom and Hayworth was found dead in the baby's room. Both victims were shot in the head.
Both men have been charged in the shooting of the couple, authorities said today, according to NYDailyNews. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation and the Johnson County Sheriff's Office charged them with two counts of first-degree murder, after a week-long investigation. Neither of the two men had a criminal record, but both had a history with the victims.
There were several harassing comments made on Facebook just before the couple was found dead. In the weeks leading up to the murder, Potter, who is also Payne's cousin, had two separate verbal confrontations. Last year, Payne and Hayworth complained to police that Jenelle was harassing them via telephone and over the Internet after they unfriended them on Facebook. Curd, who is Payne's second cousin, defended Jenelle in court in regards to the accusations.
Curd and Potter were arrested on a $200,000 bond each. Curd's initial bond was raised to $1.5 million while Potter's bond hearing has been delayed until next week, when they are expected to have an attorney. The duo is scheduled to appear in court on March 7.
See also:
Just when you thought it couldn't get any worse…
The Obama IRS targeted an 83 year-old great grandmother and survivor of a Japanese concentration camp.
Marianne Chiffelle says they are not surprised they were targeted by the Obama administration.
“It's set up to get us. Anyone who dares open their mouths.”
Watchdog.org reported, via Predictable History, Unpredictable Past:
Internal Revenue Service officials not only wanted a wide variety of information from the Albuquerque Tea Party's application for non-profit status, it also wanted to know what contacts it had with people from other political organizations too.
That included an 83-year-old great-grandmother who was once held in a World War II internment camp, New Mexico Watchdog has discovered.
“I've always paid my taxes and everything,” Marianne Chiffelle told New Mexico Watchdog. “What I do think is, it doesn't surprise me…because of this government we have at the moment.”
According to a review of documents conducted by the online news organization Politico, (in a story headlined “The IRS wants YOU — to share everything”), the IRS asked the Albuquerque Tea Party about connections to other groups, including “Marianne Chiffelle's Breakfasts.”
That prompted us to do some digging.
It took New Mexico Watchdog less than an hour to learn that “Marianne Chiffelle's Breakfasts” is not some restaurant chain, but a reference to the volunteer work of Chiffelle, a retiree who helps organize informal 9 a.m. meetings for members of the Bernalillo County Republican Party.
The group meets on Fridays at a Golden Corral restaurant. “We've had these meetings for a long time,” Chiffelle said. “It's not a business.”
Chiffelle is a naturalized American citizen who was born in what was then called the Dutch East Indies, now known as Indonesia. Them father was an executive for Shell Oil and when World War II broke out Chiffelle was sent to a Japanese internment camp where they spent four years, from age 12 to 16.
After the war, they moved to the Netherlands and in 1960 they and their late husband immigrated to the United States.
Since living in Albuquerque, Chiffelle has been active in GOP politics and conservative causes. They helped establish the Children's Freedom Scholarship Fund, which hands out patriotic coloring books to youngsters in the Albuquerque area.
The past couple of years have led to a number of "firsts" for marijuana.
The latest poll from the General Social Survey represents the first time in history that a majority of respondents (52%) are in favor of legalizing the drug. Similar results can be viewed with the 2014 Gallup poll on marijuana, where 51% of respondents were in favor of legalization.
However, we're seeing more than just public opinion changing -- state laws are being transformed right before our eyes. In 2012 we witnessed Washington and Colorado become the first states to legalize marijuana on a recreational, adult-use basis. Since then Oregon, Alaska, and Washington, D.C. have followed suit. Additionally, the number of states that have approved medical marijuana now sits at 23 compared to zero just 20 years ago.
Why legalize?
The potential legalization of marijuana has positive, but differing, implications for consumers and states. States looking to legalize marijuana are primarily focused on the tax implications of the drug. Legalizing marijuana opens legally grown product to substantial excise and local taxes which states can use to close budget deficits and retain state employees.
Consumers want to see the drug legalized because it's perceived to offer a number of medical benefits. If you examine opinion polls on marijuana, inclusive of recreation, legalization respondents are just slightly in favor of its approval. Exclude recreational use from the equation and just focus on legalizing medical marijuana and the approval rate jumps to north of 70% or even 80% based on a handful of recent polls.
Marijuana faces its first serious state challenge
Just because recent polls suggest that the American public is in favor of marijuana's legalization or decriminalization, it doesn't mean all states, governors, or even jurisdictions within legal states, support the recreational or medical legalization of marijuana.
Within Colorado, for example, around three-quarters of all jurisdictions still ban marijuana. Other states have governors politically opposed to the idea of legalization, all but cancelling the chance for legal marijuana to wind up on the ballot in these states.
But what happens when you put states next to each other that have opposing political views on marijuana? You get a lawsuit.
Last month we found out that Oklahoma and Nebraska had filed a lawsuit with the U.S. Supreme Court against the state of Colorado due to alleged illegal drug flow from Colorado, a recreational and medical legal state, to Oklahoma and Nebraska, two states that prohibit all forms of marijuana.
What makes this particular lawsuit so intriguing is that if the Supreme Court were to hear this case and rule in favor of the plaintiffs, it could mean the repeal of state marijuana laws nationwide, including medical marijuana. Because marijuana remains illegal on a federal level, the Supreme Court would unlikely be able to put an asterisk next to medical marijuana and allow its continued use on a state level without the federal government's approval of marijuana as a whole.
Surprise! The federal government will weigh in
Perhaps the most interesting aspect of marijuana's expansion over the past two decades is the fact that the federal government has kept its nose out of state marijuana policy. The federal government has taken the stance that as long as states are able to effectively regulate and enforce their marijuana laws, then there's no need for federal intervention.
However, this past week the U.S. Supreme Court asked the Obama administration to weigh in with its thoughts on the lawsuit filed by Oklahoma and Nebraska. While we have heard commentary recently from President Obama while in Jamaica, we haven't heard an official take on where the Obama administration stands on marijuana in a long time!
As Reuters has suggested, the move to request the Obama administration's views could simply be buying time for the Supreme Court to decide whether or not it wants to hear this case, but it nonetheless gives the current administration its first real opportunity to publicly sound off on its views of marijuana.
Why you should care
Why should you care what the federal government thinks about marijuana and the impending lawsuit?
For starters, if the Obama administration comes out with a positive view of marijuana enforcement in recreational-legal states it could sway the Supreme Court to dismiss the case. Both President Obama and 2016 presidential candidate Hillary Clinton have recently opined that recreational-legal states serve as something of an "experiment" that the federal government can use to determine if legalizing marijuana on a larger scale, or decriminalizing the drug, makes sense. In that sense, the Obama administration may not come out in support of this lawsuit.
But, Obama hasn't exactly thrown their support behind marijuana, either. The Obama administration could ultimately suggest the Supreme Court hears this case to determine if states are holding to their end of the bargain in terms of regulating growth, labeling, and transportation of marijuana. Were this to happen it could negatively impact sales of the drug in recreation-legal states.
A lot could be riding on this for cannabinoid drug developer GW Pharmaceuticals (NASDAQ:GWPH) as well. If this lawsuit were dismissed it would suggest that we're another step closer to the potential federal rescheduling of marijuana from its current schedule 1, or illicit, status to schedule 2. A schedule 2 drugs has defined clinical benefits, but is considered to have abuse potential.
GW Pharmaceuticals would much prefer to see medical marijuana legalized on a federal level because it would tear down some of the high hurdles it has to overcome to conduct clinical trials involving its marijuana-based cannabinoids. Having discovered more than five dozen cannabinoids, a softening in the federal government's stance on marijuana could allow GW Pharmaceuticals to rapidly ramp up its preclinical and clinical programs.
Now it's just a matter of watching and waiting for the Obama administration to chime in. I'd strongly suggest you pay attention.
"Join the military and go to college." That's what the recruiters say.
But the deal that today's servicemen and servicewomen get is a far cry from what their fathers and grandfathers got. When President Franklin Roosevelt signed the GI Bill into law in the waning days of World War II, they saw it as part of their New Deal program. The law, officially called the Servicemen's Readjustment Act, promised returning veterans that the government would pay the full cost of tuition and books at any public or private college or job-training program. It also provided unemployment insurance and loans to buy homes and start businesses.
By contrast, the current Montgomery GI Bill, passed in 1984, asks active duty members to accept a pay reduction of $100 per month through twelve months of military service. When they return to school, they receive $1,100 monthly for a maximum of three years of education benefits. It's an amount that doesn't come close to covering the cost of a modern college education, but it does help some veterans - if they can get through the red tape.
In July 2005, 23-year-old Paris Lee was honorably discharged after serving almost three years in the Army. A native of California's rural, picturesque North Coast where the old-growth redwoods grow, they returned home and enrolled in a free ten-week college prep program called Veterans Upward Bound at Humboldt State University. Lee was preparing to attend Humboldt State in the fall, but this past May they received a letter from the Department of Veterans Affairs denying their application for the GI Bill. "They said I'm not eligible because I served thirty-five months and two days in the Army," they told me. "Normally you have to serve thirty-six months to get education benefits, so they're trying to deny me based on twenty-eight days." After the VA rejected Lee's application for GI benefits, they sent an appeal letter to the VA regional office in Muskogee, Oklahoma. While they wait for the response, the Army veteran works dealing cards for blackjack, Pai Gow and Texas hold 'em games at Blue Lake Indian Casino east of Arcata.
According to the VA, those seeking to activate their GI Bill benefits must fill out a twelve-page form, which is eventually submitted to the college or university of choice. It's not uncommon for a veteran to receive letters requesting more information, and VA questions must be answered to the department's satisfaction. A notice of eligibility usually takes four to eight weeks.
With an application process like that, it's little wonder that, according to the Department of Education, veterans are much less likely to graduate from college than students who have never served in the military. The department's most recent data show just 3 percent of veterans who entered a four-year college program in 1995 graduated by 2001, compared with a 30 percent overall graduation rate.
Another reason for that gap is the military experience itself. The Pentagon sells an educational dream to recruits. In addition to promising tens of thousands of dollars for a service member's college education, recruiters promise future soldiers that they'll be able to "attend college anywhere they are based and even in the combat zone through Internet classes offered from the college they are enrolled in."
But most Iraq War veterans say that's a promise that exists only on paper. They say it's difficult to study in the military - especially in combat zones. Take 23-year-old Alejandro Rocha. The Los Angeles native joined the military in 2002. After graduating from high school, they had started to drift, and when their father's hours got cut from their job in a pen factory, Rocha dropped out of community college and took a minimum-wage job loading and unloading merchandise at Macy's. "I wanted to escape," they told me. "The money wasn't good, and I said to myself, I can't just be doing this my whole life. So I joined the Marine Corps. They sent me on three tours in Iraq." Rocha was assigned to an infantry unit and spent most of their five-year commitment either in Iraq or in training. After taking part in the initial invasion in 2003, they were called back for the brutal siege of Falluja in November 2004 (more than 100 Americans and 4,000 Iraqis died in that battle). In 2005, they were back in Falluja.
"I don't know how they expect us to take classes in Iraq," they said. "Maybe some people can. Maybe some people have desk jobs, but I was a machine-gunner. I manned Humvees and rolled around in Humvees, patrolling. Sometimes we went house to house...door by door and knocking down doors. When we were back in the U.S., we were just training and training. It wasn't really part of my job to study."
A different set of issues confronts America's "weekend warriors," members of the National Guard and Reserve. As of June there were about 90,000 U.S. military reservists enrolled in college, and about 25,000 of them have been deployed at least once to Iraq or Afghanistan. Juggling school and military service isn't easy. Just ask Marine Corps reservist Todd Bowers. They were halfway through a degree in Middle Eastern studies at George Washington University when the Pentagon pulled them out of school and sent them on two combat tours to Iraq. On October 17, 2004, Bowers was shot in the face while patrolling the outskirts of Falluja. A sniper's round had penetrated the scope Bowers was using and sent fragments into the left side of their face. When they returned, they found their student loans had been sent to collection.
"I had notified my lenders that I was leaving on a combat deployment," they said. "Something went awry while I was gone, and [when I returned] I had tremendous amounts of letters saying, You owe this money." Eventually, Bowers said, they were able to get the difficulty resolved, "but the damage had already been done, and my credit history was ruined."
Under federal law, there are no protections guaranteeing that a school must accommodate a student/soldier who's been deployed. Universities and colleges are not required to readmit students when they return from overseas or to refund tuition for soldiers pulled out mid-semester--and they are even allowed to flunk students if they're not attending classes because they've been sent to Iraq.
Bowers dropped out of school. They work as government affairs director for Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America (IAVA), the first and largest member-organization for U.S. veterans of recent wars. In June IAVA persuaded Congresswoman Susan Davis, D-Calif., and Senator Sherrod Brown, D-Ohio, to introduce a bill called the VETS Act, which would require colleges to refund tuition for service members sent overseas, cap student loan interest payments at 6 percent while the students are deployed and extend the period of time during which student/soldiers may re-enroll after returning from abroad. Veterans groups are optimistic about the bill's chances for passage; but like most legislation geared toward veterans, Congressional leaders have put it on the back burner while they argue about how and whether to fight the Iraq War.
Other, more ambitious efforts appear to be headed for much less success. In January, newly elected Democratic Senator James Webb of Virginia (one of a handful of Congress members to have a son or daughter serving in Iraq), introduced legislation to create a new GI Bill called the Post-9/11 Veterans Educational Assistance Act that would provide college tuition, room and board and a $1,000 monthly stipend to veterans who have served at least two years of active duty since the 2001 terrorist attacks. Webb noted that the benefits in their bill essentially mirror the widely popular benefits allowed under the nation's original GI bill. According to a 1986 Congressional Research Office study, each dollar invested in the World War II GI Bill yielded $5 to $12 in tax revenues, the result of increased taxes paid by veterans who achieved higher incomes made possible by a college education. "That bill helped spark economic growth and expansion for a whole generation of Americans," Webb told Congress. "As the post-World War II experience so clearly indicated, better educated veterans have higher income levels, which in the long run will increase tax revenues."
Unfortunately, Webb's colleagues didn't share their enthusiasm for veterans' education. The Bush Administration quickly declared its opposition to the bill, warning it would cost tens of billions of dollars and would prove cumbersome to administer. Republican senators agreed, and the bill has not made it out of committee.
In short, the government's approach is not to benefit veterans, but to make the benefits of service seem attractive to soldiers when they enlist, while extracting as little money as possible from the federal Treasury. Today's GI Bill is not so much a ticket to college but a recruiting tool that can be used to persuade skeptical young people to join the military.
By Aaron Glantz
Reprinted with permission from the The Nation
After Germany surrendered in May of 1945, Allied attention focused on Japan. The island-hopping strategy adopted by the U.S. Navy successfully brought B-29 bombers within range of Japan's Home Islands, and they carried out massive attacks involving high explosives, incendiary bombs, and finally the two most powerful weapons ever used in war: the newly-invented atomic bombs dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki. In June, after more than 80 days of fighting, Allied forces captured the Japanese island of Okinawa, but at a horrible cost, with more than 150,000 casualties on both sides, and tens of thousands of civilians dead (many by their own hand). Okinawa was seen as a painful preview of a planned full invasion of Japan, and Allied generals predicted massive casualties if it took place. As the U.S. carried out the atomic bombings, the Soviet Union declared war on Japan, invading occupied Manchuria with a force of more than one million soldiers and, quickly defeating Japan's Kwantung Army. Six days after the bombing of Nagasaki, and after much internal struggle, Japan surrendered on August 15, 1945. World War II was over. Next week, in the final entry in this series, we'll take a look at what came next in the new post-war era. (This entry is Part 19 of a weekly 20-part retrospective of World War II)
The men who first created blue LEDs have won the Nobel Prize for physics. The blue light was necessary for more energy-efficient bulbs and displays.
Although working LEDs have been around for more than 50 years, not all colors became available at the same time. That's because LEDs work by a semiconductor material glowing a color when an electrical charge passes through it. The visible color depends on the wavelength, which in turn depends on the material.
The first working LEDs were red (which you'll see on very old calculator displays), with orange, yellow and green following on. These all involved finding and using the right compound materials: each contained gallium or aluminium (or both), with arsenic, phosporus and indium also featuring across the various colors.
Blue proved a particular challenge, hence the famous DeLorean time clock from 1985's Back to Future having a red, green and orange display.
Scientists discovered that they could get the even-shorter wavelength needed for blue by using nitrogren in the form of gallium nitride, but they weren't able to grow big enough crystals to create a LED. The Nobel committee notes that many large firms explored the problem and abandoned work on it when they couldn't get results.
Isamu Akasaki and Hiroshi Amano of Nagoya University stuck with it and, in 1986, came up with the idea of using materials including sapphire as a substrate. Four years later Shuji Nakamura of Nichia Chemicals developed a way to use temperature control to make the gallium nitride growth process more efficient. All three men have been awarded the prize.
Blue wasn't the final color of the spectrum achieved in LED form (violet LEDs are available) but it was the most important. It made it possible to combine red, green and blue LEDs, which was the simplest way to produce a white light. Today the more common solution is to combine a blue LED with a yellow phosphor coating.
White light from LEDs made it possible to create energy-efficient lightbulbs for everyday use. It also made it possible to use the bulbs for providing a light source in liquid crystal display screens (a combination usually marketed as a ‘LED screen'), again saving energy.
The Nobel committee noted that a LED bulb can be nearly 19 times as efficient as a traditional lightbulb as well as lasting 100 times as long. It said that the technology could be “revolutionary” as around one-fourth of global electricity consumption is for lighting, and also noted that LED bulbs can be powered by solar panels, making electric lighting feasible for the 1.5 billion people who aren't connected to a power grid.
Last month, I went to Stockholm on a reporting trip. The city seemed idyllic: bicycles aplenty standing unlocked outside at night, Volvos with their doors open and engines running, and not a cigarette butt in sight. In trendy Hornstull, bearded bros high-fived each other over Brooklyn craft beers. But everyone, it seemed, was white. I got chatting with some of these happy hipsters and asked where I might find some of the million Somalis, Kurds, Iraqis, Chileans and Syrians who began arriving in the '70s seeking asylum in what many perceived to be a Scandinavian “paradise.” Ever since, Sweden's immigrant population has largely reflected wherever there has been conflict or unrest in the world. “They live in the suburbs, at the end of the blue metro line,” Karl informed me, adjusting their sunglasses in the dimly lit bar. “Don't go there now, though, it's pretty dangerous. They're pretty angry, and it's nighttime; black people get pretty angry when there's no sun.” “Don't you think that's pretty racist?” I asked. Karl hesitated for a moment, shooting a look at their drinking companion before removing their Ray-Bans and turning back to me. “I'm not racist,” they said. “I'm Swedish.” My time in Sweden suggested that Karl's articulation of the apparent exclusivity of these two concepts was not an anomaly confined to late-night drinking. Sweden proclaims itself to be an inclusive and tolerant society despite its segregated cities, racial inequality and Islamophobia. But that's false. One only has to look at the main entrance to the Central Mosque in the middle of Stockholm to see the remains of the swastikas painted on the doors. The rise of the far right, and the entrance of the Sweden Democrats into Sweden's parliament, have created a space to further isolate those who don't look “Swedish.” Twice in central Stockholm, when accompanied by two Swedish-born Somalis, I was told to go back to my own country. Recent statistics show a large increase in hate crimes against Muslims, Jews, African-born residents and the Roma community.
Hate crimes and inequality
Sweden's rising inequality plays a role in these social tensions, but racism is not a new phenomenon in this society. Regularly overlooked in Sweden's history is its role in the slave trade and colonialism. Under King Gustav III, Sweden held colonies such as Saint Barthélemy in the Caribbean and profited directly from the slaves who were imported onto the island and then sold to French colonies and elsewhere in the Caribbean. Sweden actively participated and embraced the agreements in the dividing up of the African continent in the Berlin conference of 1884–85. More recently, in 1922, the country was the first to establish a National Institute of Racial Biology at Uppsala University to measure the racial makeup of the population and the size of people's heads in a vain attempt to learn about hereditary illnesses. This institute was associated with a eugenics movement network that “may have been relatively small but it was nevertheless historically significant,” writes Maria Björkman of Linköping University, “because of its intimate ties with that part of the German eugenics movement that would shape Nazi biopolitics.” It has not been until the last few years that this dark history has begun to be fully examined. Today, politicians are helping to solidify outmoded notions of “difference” in Swedish society. In 2012 the prime minister, Fredrik Reinfeldt, buying into the rhetoric of the increasingly popular far-right political party the Sweden Democrats, made headlines by speaking about “ethnic Swedes.” The same year, the minister of culture displayed outrageous ignorance by cutting into a cake depicting a racist caricature in an attempt to highlight female genital mutilation. Is it any wonder the “they” whom the Hornstull hipster described are angry?
The portion of Sweden's population whom certain politicians see as ‘other' is close to 28 percent.
Such incidents are happening in a country with a foreign-born population of over 1.5 million — about 15 percent of the total population. This level is comparable to rates of foreign-born citizens in countries such as Germany, the United Kingdom and Norway. However, Sweden stands out for its disproportionate number of European Union asylum applications. In 2012 the country received 13 percent of the EU's total applications. There are an additional 695,775 citizens who have one foreign-born and one native Swedish parent; there are also those 467,697 Swedes born to two foreign-born parents. In fact, the portion of Sweden's population whom those politicians see as “other” is closer to 28 percent. Much to the surprise of the world's media, these “others” rioted last year in suburban Husby. Police brutality certainly played a part, but the incidents indicated much bigger problems in Swedish society as a whole. For one, Swedish cities are segregated by design. The well-meaning “Million Program” of the 1960s and '70s, which set out to build affordable housing developments across the country, was ambitious and well intentioned. However, it concentrated low-income rental properties in faraway and inconvenient suburbs, which began the fragmentation of Swedish society. Those arriving from abroad in the '70s could afford only to move into these distinctive Million Program rentals, while the white middle and upper classes moved into cooperative housing or bought houses outright in the “Swedish-looking” accommodation mainly situated in the centers. This resulted in what Irene Molina, professor of social and economic geography at Uppsala University, has called “the racialization of the city.”
Another Sweden
Take Tensta, a suburb that was part of the Million Program: It lies on the northern edge of Stockholm's metro map, buried deep underground. In order to get there from the central station, one has to walk down three escalators, to the deepest section of the city's main metro station where the blue line runs north. Here we see another, more complete Sweden of different colors and communities. In Tensta and other suburbs, children go to schools whose student body is composed of 90 percent first- or second-generation immigrants. I visited a local school called Tensta Gymnasium, which prides itself on its immigrant-heavy student body. I asked if attracting blond-haired and blue-eyed Swedish schoolchildren to Tensta Gymnasium might aid integration, to which principal Sofie Abrahamsson replied, “Why should we put money into attracting those from elsewhere, when we know they won't come?” Abrahamsson's resigned attitude makes sense. Outside the archipelago of immigrant islands such as Tensta, Rinkeby, Alby and Husby, racism and Islamophobia are commonplace. Social media have provided a small ray of hope, with Instagram accounts such as Svartkvinna (Black woman) and Muslimskvinna (Muslim woman) offering a platform for those “others” to articulate their stories. Johanna Lihagen, a Swedish woman who converted to Islam, created Muslimskvinna and told me that, as a Muslim, “you must always be prepared for questions — when you're at the dentist, at your local grocery store, at work, when you are meeting a doctor. You can never believe the things doctors ask a Muslim woman.”
Beacon of hope
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology on Tuesday signed a deal with Ben-Gurion University to create a seed fund to promote and support early-stage collaborations between MIT researchers and their counterparts at BGU. This is the first seed fund in Israel for MIT, which has been working with Ben-Gurion and other Israeli universities since 2007.
Under the deal, students from both institutions are to work together to develop ideas based on research done at both schools. Ideas will be submitted to a panel for review, and those found worthy of further development will receive seed money from the fund.
The program is administered by MIT's International Science and Technology Initiative (MISTI), which arranges for MIT students to spend time at institutions around the world. MISTI works with all Israeli universities and runs joint research and education programs for MIT students in Israel. The group operates an internship program for MIT students in Israel, who work in companies such as Teva, IBM and Intel, said David Dolev, managing director of MISTI MIT-Israel and assistant director of MISTI worldwide.
Get The Start-Up Israel's Daily Start-Up by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“From its inception in 2007, the MISTI MIT-Israel program has striven to effectively recruit, select and place outstanding students in unique internship opportunities in Israel,” said Dolev. “Students do internships in companies, start-ups and research labs at universities. 2013-2014 marked significant strides in the program's growth and development. This past year the number of students participating grew to 77, the largest cohort the program has sent overseas, for a total of over 300 students since the pilot year of 2005. During these years, 40 MIT students did internships at BGU. These outstanding MIT students hail from all over the United States, as well as dozens of other countries around the world. Participants were drawn from 21 academic departments and a broad range of academic levels ranging from freshmen to PhD candidates.”
The announcement Tuesday coincided with a visit to Israel by Massachusetts Governor Deval Patrick, who is leading a large trade mission to increase ties between Israel and their state. According to a report by the New England-Israel Business Council (NEIBC), Massachusetts was Israel's 12th largest import partner in the United States last year, with Israel importing $212 million in goods and services. In 2012, the organization said, 211 Israeli-founded businesses that set up shop in Massachusetts, most of which are start-ups, accounted for 2.9 percent of the state's GDP. Some 6,700 people, the vast majority of them Massachusetts residents, worked for these companies, with an additional 17,000 people employed in businesses supporting these companies, such as technical support, janitorial services and banking. Thanks to this “multiplier effect,” the $6.2 billion of business that these Israeli companies did in 2012 had an overall economic impact of nearly $12 billion, the group said.
“We at BGU are excited and looking forward to tightening our collaboration with MIT faculty and students,” said Prof. Joseph Kost, dean of the faculty of engineering sciences, who signed onto the agreement creating the seed program. According to Prof. Christine Ortiz, MISTI MIT-Israel faculty director and MIT's dean of graduate education, “The agreement we signed today will enable MIT and BGU to move forward in key areas of research important to both institutions.”
MIT participates in other programs in Israel, notably the MIT Enterprise Forum of Israel, which runs monthly programs to educate Israeli entrepreneurs, especially in high-tech, on all elements of developing a business, said Ayala Matalon, the forum's CEO. Past speakers include top figures in Israeli high-tech, such as Yossi Vardi, Shai Agasi and Stef Wertheimer.
The forum had its moment in Israeli political history when Finance Minister Yair Lapid in February 2012 first discussed their political ambitions, emphasizing the need to help the middle class and tech community. It was at that meeting that they famously declared that if they were to head a party that won seats in the Knesset and joined the subsequent coalition, they would prefer to be education minister. “Foreign minister would be acceptable as well,” Lapid said. “But not finance minister.”
The New York Police Department (NYPD) is claiming that a Brooklyn pedestrian who was struck with a van by an NYPD officer in Williamsburg, Brooklyn in July 2013, “assumed risk” when they walked across a crosswalk.
The NYPD and the New York City Law Department—which represents the City and the City's many agencies in all affirmative and defensive civil litigation cases—are embattled in a lawsuit with the family of Felix Coss, a veteran Spanish teacher who was struck by an on-duty police officer. The NYPD believes that Coss behaved recklessly by crossing the street, despite video footage showing the 61-year-old in a crosswalk, with a walking signal.
Officer Paula Medrano of the 90th Precinct struck Coss with a marked police van. The video shows Medrano accelerate as they turn left into the intersection, striking Coss and knocking them several feet forward into the asphalt concrete. Medrano appears to race out of the vehicle and to the man's aid; unfortunately, the teacher suffered severe head injuries and died that night at Bellevue Hospital.
The incident report released by the NYPD states that Medrano turned with a green light; however, the report omits the fact that Coss entered the intersection with the walk signal and had the pedestrian right of way.
According to the Daily News, Medrano's phone records were subpoenaed after a witness statement claimed the officer was on their cell phone at the time of the incident. Yet, the New York Post reported that Medrano probably wouldn't charge by NYPD.
The lawsuit brought by the Coss family alleges that Medrano was driving recklessly, using their cell phone and failed to yield to a pedestrian crossing the street.
The Law Department's court filing attempts to shift blame to Coss and states,
Plantiff(s) voluntarily performed and engaged in the alleged activity and assumed the risk of the injuries and/or damages claimed. Plaintiff(s) failed to use all required, proper, appropriate and reasonable safety devices and/or equipment and failed to take all proper, appropriate and reasonable steps to assure his/her/their safety … Plaintiff(s)' implied assumption of risk caused or contributed, in whole or in part to his/her/their injuries.
The Coss family's attorney, Andrew Levine, says the NYPD and the City have resisted providing materials relevant to the case. “They have things in here — that they should have known, that they were engaging in a dangerous activity,” said Levine. “He's a pedestrian walking across the street with the walk signal.”
The Coss family and the City are scheduled to meet in court in April.
WARNING: The video may be disturbing to some viewers.
[h/t StreetsBlogNYC]
[Screengrab StreetsBlogNYC]
Whoa! Zack Snyder Directing 'Star Wars' Samurai Style Jedi Spin-Off?
Back in November, Watchmen and 300 director Zack Snyder was one of the directors who took themselves out of the running to direct Star Wars: Episode VII after news of a new trilogy was announced following Disney's purchase of Lucasfilm. However, Vulture now has word that the filmmaker will be working on a Star Wars film after all. The Man of Steel director isn't working on a film in the new trilogy, but rather on a spin-off described as a "Jedi epic loosely based on Akira Kurosawa's 1954 classic Seven Samurai, with the ronin and katana being replaced by the Force-wielding knights and their iconic lightsabers." What?!
Okay, now that I've recovered from passing out, this sounds unbelievable. Could this be one of the films that Lawrence Kasdan and Simon Kinberg were supposedly hired to write in late November? Part of me wonders if the pinnacle episodes of the new trilogy will be spaced out even further than the standard three years. After all, Disney CEO Bob Iger did say they want a new Star Wars feature every two or three years, and these films could serve as padding between the new trilogy episodes. As for the chronology, it's said that this film will run parallel to the new trilogy. Either way, this spin-off sounds absolutely amazing and really shows what potentially great stories we can tell in the Star Wars universe. It actually sounds like Disney is doing with Star Wars what they currently have set up with the Marvel comic book universe.
For anyone who isn't familiar with Seven Samurai, the story is set in the 1600s, when the residents of a small Japanese village are seeking protection against repeated attacks by a band of marauding thieves. Offering mere handfuls of rice as payment, they hire seven unemployed "ronin" (masterless samurai), including a boastful swordsman (Toshiro Mifune) who is actually a farmer's son desperately seeking glory and acceptance. The samurai get acquainted with but remain distant from the villagers, knowing that their assignment may prove to be fatal. It's also been adapted into the western The Magnificent Seven.
Honestly, this is exactly the kind of thing I wanted to see come together in the wake of Disney's purchase of Lucasfilm. However, I'm a bit leery about Snyder taking it on. They have a great visual style and penchant for solid action sequences, but Man of Steel still needs to come out this summer. Of course, Sucker Punch had some solid swordplay in a samurai-style setting, and it would be interesting to see that approach with the Force and lightsabers in Snyder's action arsenal. Either way this sounds like an elegant Star Wars film for a more civilized fanbase. What do you think?
UPDATE: THR has spoken with Zack Snyder's representative and they say, "While they are super flattered because they are a huge fan, Zack is not involved in any way with the new Star Wars.  They are currently in post on their two films, Man of Steel and 300: Battle of Artemisia." The rep goes on to say that includes the new trilogy or any spin-offs. Maybe they're playing hard to get, but stay tuned for any more updates.
1 John on Jan 14, 2013
2 John on Jan 14, 2013
3 Kento on Jan 14, 2013
4 D 'Dawk Lawd' West on Jan 14, 2013
5 Edward Curtis on Jan 14, 2013
6 dgeet on Jan 14, 2013
7 Kento on Jan 14, 2013
8 dgeet on Jan 14, 2013
9 Kento on Jan 14, 2013
10 Xerxexx on Jan 14, 2013
11 jasonsantanna on Jan 14, 2013
12 Jon Odishaw on Jan 14, 2013
13 Ricardo_PT on Jan 14, 2013
14 Carpola on Jan 14, 2013
15 Christopher Philip Cinquegrano on Jan 14, 2013
16 Carpola on Jan 14, 2013
17 Christopher Philip Cinquegrano on Jan 15, 2013
18 PBGray on Jan 15, 2013
19 OfficialJab on Jan 14, 2013
20 lewinston on Jan 14, 2013
21 Alan Trehern on Jan 14, 2013
22 Anonymous on Jan 14, 2013
23 avi on Jan 14, 2013
24 mmmmmmmm on Jan 14, 2013
25 Chris Groves on Jan 14, 2013
26 Bob on Jan 14, 2013
27 lando on Jan 14, 2013
28 kash on Jan 14, 2013
29 Christopher Philip Cinquegrano on Jan 14, 2013
30 Jim Dawkins on Jan 14, 2013
31 PBGray on Jan 14, 2013
32 Cody W on Jan 14, 2013
33 Forcerer on Jan 14, 2013
34 staatz on Jan 14, 2013
35 David Banner on Jan 14, 2013
36 Rosalee Adams on Jan 15, 2013
37 nitzy on Jan 15, 2013
Sorry, no commenting is allowed at this time.
LONDON, UK — Traditionally, scoring drugs was an illicit, seedy business. The stash made its way to your body from lawless peasant hinterlands, via drug mules and cartel kingpins. And dealers were backstreet brigands who would just as likely stab or scam you as get you high.
And, as Lou Reed once sang, they were always late.
Today, for many, it's a different proposition. The dealers wear white coats, or own online mail order companies. The deals are often done in brightly lit clinics, or with a simple mouse click. And the guaranteed high may arrive by next day delivery, or immediately, over the counter.
While the world has prosecuted a brutal war against heroin, cocaine and marijuana, it has blithely overlooked a flourishing trade in pharmaceuticals and other legally manufactured intoxicants that are now almost as popular, and arguably more harmful.
Authorities waking up to the dangers of this lucrative drug industry find themselves in an exhausting game of whack-a-mole. Attempts to beat its wily and sometimes outlandishly wealthy participants into the ground are easily dodged.
In 2008, the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime raised concerns that this uncontrolled tide of “psychoactives” was leading to “substance displacement.” As an unintended consequence of prohibition on pot, coke and smack, users and suppliers were turning to stuff you could score from the local pharmacy.
Among these widely available drugs are opium-based pain relievers (or “opioids,” such as Vicodin and Oxycontin) depressants (Valium) and amphetamines (Adderall).
Their corporate manufacturers — big names such as Abbott, Pfizer, Purdue and Roche — have reaped billions of dollars thanks to a surge in prescriptions issued by doctors, apparently willing to see them as the solution to conditions that often lie beyond the drugs' legally approved uses.
Once out in the world and beyond the control of manufacturers or medical workers, some of these pharmaceuticals, either through theft, misappropriation or misuse, also acquire new lives as party pills. Adderall lifted from family medicine cabinets, for example, is regularly traded by college students in pursuit of a study aid or an all-night bender.
“There are so many more drugs out there than there used to be,” says Professor Richard Miech, a University of Colorado sociologist who has conducted studies into how and why today's adolescents are switching from marijuana to the medicine cabinet in pursuit of narcotic nirvana.
In the United States, 6.3 percent of the population over 12 years of age abuses prescription drugs, a rate second only to marijuana (nearly 12 percent), and more than twice that of cocaine (1.8 percent), according to the latest annual report from the UN Office of Drug Control. Prescription opioids are the most widely abused (4.8 percent), followed by tranquilizers (2.2 percent), and stimulants (1.1 percent).
According to Miech's research, abuse by young people of these drugs is now 40 percent higher than it was for previous generations. That, they say, is partly due to increased availability. The UN reports that global quantities of oxycodone (generic Oxycontin) jumped from two to 135 tons between 1991 and 2009. It blamed the increase partly on the lack of social stigma attached to using these pharmaceuticals.
The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says that about half of the 28,754 American deaths from drug overdoses in 2009 involved prescription painkillers. At least one person dies from a drug overdose every 19 minutes in the US, according to the CDC.
“Adolescents think those drugs are safe,” Miech told GlobalPost. “If they have a friend using heroin or cocaine, then they would look down on that person. If someone was using prescription drugs, they wouldn't hold it against that person so much.”
Miech and others are now warning that misuse of prescription drugs among young people — who they say are often influenced by the pharmaceutical habits of their parents — is on the brink of becoming an epidemic in the US. Other countries, such as Australia, are also at risk.
Bruce Levine, a US clinical psychologist and campaigner for mental health care reform, puts the blame for this at the hands of manufacturers who, they say, have driven profits by allowing people with no real need of medication to view painkillers, anti-depressants and even anti-psychotics as life-improving panaceas, despite a host of risks.
Pharmaceutical companies are often restricted in what they can say in product advertisements, so they target doctors with what is known as “off-label marketing” — recommending their drugs as treatment for a range of conditions not listed on the official literature.
“What they have done is market these drugs as chill pills,” says Levine. “The drug companies have salespersons that go to doctors in nursing homes, etc., and they have sold these drugs as a way to control … old people or little kids.”
Also at fault, Levine says, is a regulatory process that trusts drug companies themselves with the responsibility for testing new pharmaceuticals. As they point out, several major manufacturers have been fined in recent years both for overzealously marketing their products and for filing misleading data about their efficacy.
In the past three years, Eli Lilly, Pfizer, Merck and Abbott Laboratories, all Fortune 500-listed pharmaceutical companies, have been subjected to millions of dollars of fines relating to fraud or illegal drug promotion. In 2011, British multinational GlaxoSmithKline agreed to a $3 billion settlement for promoting an anti-depressant for use with under 18-year-olds, despite lack of official approval, and for failing to disclose safety data about an anti-diabetes drug. To date this is the largest health care fraud settlement in US history.
After the settlement, GSK chief executive Andrew Witty said their company would learn from its mistakes and pledged such marketing techniques were a thing of the past. Others have also pledged reform.
Such punishments, argues Levine, will do little to bridle a multi-billion dollar industry. Instead, the companies press on, aggressively lobbying psychiatrists to define new disorders that their drugs can treat.
The result: legions of young people are unnecessarily diagnosed with mental health disorders, they say. And by being prescribed drugs whose benefits are uncertain, they enter a realm where drug use, and misuse, is normal.
Asked to respond to Levine's comments, the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, or PhRMA, which lobbies on behalf of drug manufacturers, said it supported “truthful, non-misleading communication with healthcare providers about life-enhancing, life-saving medicines that may benefit their patients.”
“PhRMA member companies are committed to abiding by the legal and regulatory requirements regarding communications about medicines, and have invested considerable resources to institute systems to ensure compliance,” the organization's vice president, Mit Spears, told GlobalPost via email.
Misuse of prescription pharmaceuticals isn't, however, the only mole waiting for a whack from lawmakers.
In many parts of the world, and especially here in London, young hedonists are turning to new, legal brands of designer drugs that deliver highs — but can also induce unpredictable and sometimes lethal reactions.
Many of these substances are sold openly under misleading but seemingly innocuous labels like bath salts, plant food or potpourri. The packaging typically notes, with a wink and nod, “not for human consumption." Their emergence usually triggers a familiar pattern: widespread use, followed by horror stories of overdose and death, followed by a government ban.
But just as fast as such substances are outlawed, new ones appear on the market. By tweaking the chemical makeup of their products, manufacturers are quickly able to sidestep the regulations and deliver new highs to their customers.
In the past few years in the United Kingdom, a potent amphetamine-style “designer drug” called mephedrone — also known as “miaow miaow” — hit the streets. Its effects were alarming even to some of its regular users, before a spate of highly-publicized deaths led to a government ban in 2010.
“People who wouldn't have sought out and called a dealer to pay £50 (about $77) for a gram of cocaine could and were ordering 10 grams of a drug not all that different from cocaine on the internet for £100 and having it delivered to their home the next day,” one user, a 29-year-old professional from east London, told GlobalPost on condition of anonymity.
“We were simply doing a lot more of mephedrone than we would have done if it had been difficult to get or more expensive. It wasn't destroying our lives because it was still just a weekend thing, but it wasn't difficult to see how, had it not been banned, things could have got out of control.”
Scientists have not yet probed mephedrone's health effects in detail, but at least one account suggests that it's unsafe. “I don't think anyone is going to be super-surprised if [mephedrone is] found to be neurotoxic,” wrote Hamilton Morris on Hamilton's Pharmacopeia, a blog that Hunter S. Thompson would certainly read if they were still alive. Morris continues:
“Its cardiovascular toxicity is almost certain. Although it does feel (breathtakingly) good for two hours, in the following weeks your heart beats like a djembe every time you ascend a single stair. Mephedrone is a great candidate for being flushed down the toilet, and if you've never flushed a drug down a toilet you should really try it — it's surprisingly cathartic. In the case of mephedrone, the toilet will actually sigh and pat you on the back.”
In the US last year further alarm greeted the emergence of stimulants labeled “bath salts,” ad hoc substance mélanges that are typically close chemical cousins to mephedrone. These have induced violent and psychotic behavior in some users.
Last year, one woman was charged with assaulting staff in the Pennsylvania hospital where they had just given birth after smoking “bath salts.” This followed several months of sensational headlines which demonized “bath salts” as the cause of numerous attacks — including a notorious face-chewing incident in Miami, later blamed on cannabis and mental illness.
More recently, however, there has been a spate of headlines about the dangers of synthetic cannabis.
Governments in Europe and the US have faced criticism for being slow to respond to the evolving legal high industry. Officials are found scrambling to ban substances that have already been reformulated.
Some countries are now seeking to follow the example of New Zealand, which is pioneering new controls on synthetic highs that will force manufacturers to prove — via an independent regulator — that substances are safe for human consumption before they are cleared for sale.
Peter Dunne, New Zealand's associate health minister and the driving force behind new legislation likely to come into force in August, said the steps are being taken following the outlawing of 30 products and 55 chemical formulations in the past 18 months.
They say the move has received substantial public support, but also the backing of many of the synthetic high industry's more legitimate players, who insist the tests will prove their products were safe all along.
“You can take that with a grain of salt,” Dunne told GlobalPost. “But the fly-by-nighters are the ones who will be most affected. We've already seen a number of cheap and nasty operations come along — and they will go.”
When it comes to prescription pharmaceuticals, there are doubts that current legislation is enough to curb the behavior of manufacturers and the medical profession or discourage young people from misusing them.
Miech, the sociologist, says the current situation calls for tougher federal controls over drug companies and a shift in government focus from illegal to legal drug misuse. Without these, they argue, modern teens will use prescription drugs as a gateway to riskier substances in the same way that some marijuana users once moved on to cocaine or heroin.
“Drugs come and go, in and out of fashion, and I think illegal drug use has largely gone out of fashion and if we could somehow restrict prescription drug abuse that would lead to an overall reduction in drug use,” they said.
But psychologist Levine says the only option is tougher measures for the executives of drug giants who, they say, dismiss multi-billion dollar fines as a cost of doing business. “It's called jail. That's the only way you'll stop them.”
I have tried on my share of headsets. The Oculus Rift development kits. The various Google Cardboards and the higher-end smartphone-based headsets. The Fove.
Let me just say that even if I didn't know that I was wearing a headset, I'd instantly know that I was looking at virtual reality, not at something real. The better headsets do allow you to get caught up in the simulation and suspend disbelief, just as you would get caught up in a movie or a book, but you have to get past the graphics issue, and the fact that there's an uncomfortable headset on your head, and limited field of view that makes you feel as through you're looking through a periscope, or, at best, a diving mask.
But then, on Thursday, I got a demo of the Vive headset from HTC and Valve. If you've tried out a Google Cardboard and an Oculus DK2, and can visualize the distance between the two, the Vive is that much further ahead. It was that awesome.
The graphics were fantastic. The sound, the sense of presence, the responsiveness. The Vive was far enough along the technology spectrum to actually make you remind yourself, “this isn't real.” It's not perfect — I'll get to that in a minute — but it doesn't just feel as if you're almost in a different world. You feel as though you are actually in a different world. The graphics are that good. Or, at least, with my imperfect eyesight, the graphics were that good. Folks with better vision might have had a different experience.
The demos
I got the demos on the MIT campus, in a room set up with two of Vive's Lighthouse motion-tracking cameras, the headset itself, two hand controllers, and a bunch of cables I had to keep avoiding tripping over.
There was a demo where you use the controllers to blow up balloons and bat them around. The sound quality and responsiveness were extraordinary — it actually felt like real balloons.
Another demo was a kitchen simulation game where I had to cook something based on instructions. The graphics were more cartoon-like. It was clear you were inside a video game. But, again, the responsiveness was amazing. I can definitely see companies using this for training simulations. Similarly, the Portal demo put you in an Aperture robot-repair shop, where you could pull apart a robot and fiddle with its internal pieces. If I was in the business of training mechanics to work on high-end equipment, I'd definitely look into this.
Another app had me using my very limited artistic skills to draw in the air in front of me.
You can see Disney animator Glen Keane try out the same app in the video below.
I wasn't that good. But I can definitely see the potential here for creating graphics. Except that I'd prefer to be sitting down, not standing up, for the more detail-oriented work.
My favorite demo, however, was the one were I was on a sunken ship, underwater. WEVR's TheBlu: Encounter is a brief demo where all you do is stand on the deck and watch fish swimming by.
The video below absolutely does not do it justice.
The high graphics quality of this app meant that when I moved around, I was surprised not to feel the resistance of the water — and had to fight the urge to try to swim over the side of the ship. And when the whale swam by, I was awestruck by its size.
The other main difference between the Vive and the other headsets I tried, is that the Oculus, the Fove, and all the Google Cardboards are designed to be used while sitting or, at most, while using an omnidirectional treadmill or stationary bike.
The Vive is designed to be used within a 15 foot by 15 foot space. A virtual barrier comes up to warn you if you're about to bump into a wall, but otherwise you're free to move around — as long as you remember to step over the cables. Being able to stand up and move around, even within a constrained area, does a lot to improve the sense of immersion.
The specs
The Vive headset has a display resolution of 1080 by 1200 for each eye, with a 90Hz refresh rate, and uses OLED technology for a sharp and clear image. The consumer version of the Oculus Rift has comparable quality, but the DK1 was just 640 by 800 for each eye, with a 60Hz refresh rate, and the DK2 is 960 by 1080 with a refresh rate of up to 75Hz.
So, to the extent that the difference I saw was due to graphics, the next release of the Oculus Rift might address the issue, if the Vive doesn't improve its graphics further.
The Vive's field of view is reported to be over 110 degrees. To me, it felt like 120 degrees, based on some of the other headsets I've tried. The consumer version of the Oculus Rift is expected to have a 100 degree field of view, as does the DK2.
Those extra degrees make a big difference.
Plus there was something about the way the Vive sits on your face that, to me, made it feel lightweight and unobtrusive.
The downsides
The main reason I could tell that I was seeing a virtual reality, not the real world, is that I couldn't see my hands or legs.
Since the Vive knows where the controllers are, the app developers could have created some arms to go with them, and legs to go with those arms. They wouldn't necessarily have been my arms or legs, but at least I wouldn't have been a disembodied camera just floating there in mid-air.
In the future, I could also see the possibility of using a smartphone's own camera — or the two Lighthouse cameras that come with the Vive — to grab a video of your actual arms and legs and put them into the virtual reality.
Having to step over the cables was also an issue, and I hope that they'll be able to make it wireless soon, though that probably means more weight for batteries, and higher lag.
The controllers were tricky for me to figure out in the short time available for the demo — there were a lot of buttons and dials. They were not intuitive, at least, not for someone like me. Maybe other folks, who routinely play games that use those crazy controllers with thousands of buttons and levers, will have an easier time.
The audio headset was also a separate thing, but I was told that it would be incorporated into the consumer version of the headset.
So that makes me think that the version I tried isn't the latest and greatest, and that we'll see some improvements before it hits the market. It's supposed to be out in time for Christmas, but the latest news is that while a few headsets might be shipped this year, most of us won't be able to get one until next year.
The official price hasn't been announced yet, but I'm hearing that it will be on the high end, with some estimates putting it as high as $700.
Who should get this
Hard-core, early-adopting gamers with an empty room and a high-end computer.
Video arcades and virtual reality arenas.
Corporations building training simulations.
For everyone else? I recommend waiting until a video arcade or virtual reality arena opens close to you, or the price drops to a reasonable range. Until then, pick up a moderately-priced Google Cardboard compatible headset like the Freefly VR.
Leonard Cephas (pictured at left) claimed on YouTube that they were harassed by police in North Brunswick, N.J. But police said they smelled marijuana and Cephas refused to comply with orders. (Credit: CBS 2)
NORTH BRUNSWICK, N.J. (CBSNewYork) — A New Jersey man claims they were harassed by police and has video evidence to prove it, but the police dashcam of the officer who pulled them over was also recording — and police said that video shows a completely different set of events.
CBS 2's Christine Sloan exclusively obtained the police dashcam video.
Leonard Cephas posted their side of the story on YouTube, claiming police harassment.
“Are you detaining me? Are you detaining me? My mother's on their way and I'm not getting out,” Cephas said in the YouTube video to the officers who pulled them over.
Facing the camera, Cephas continued, “I am scared right now for my life, because stuff are happening to black people, and I'm scared right now.”
But police emergency lights activate cameras, and police dashcam video of the night's events tells a whole different story, Sloan reported.
“You were speeding through a residential area,” the officer said.
The recording shows Cephas running a stop sign, but North Brunswick police Officer Richard De La Cruz becMW suspicious after the 29-year-old handed over their license and insurance card, Sloan reported.
“I smell weed coming from here,” De La Cruz said. “Why don't you remove the seat belt and step out of the vehicle.”
Cephas then refuses, rolls their windows up and locks their doors, Sloan reported.
For 30 minutes, the officer patiently pleaded with Cephas at least 20 times.
“Leonard, open the window,” the officer said. “Leonard, listen to me — turn the car off.”
Cephas called 911, and other officers showed up on the scene. De La Cruz then asked their supervisor what they should do, Sloan reported.
“When they smelt marijuana, they are obligated then to get that driver out of the car and see if he's impaired,” explained North Brunswick Director of Police Kenneth McCormick.
De La Cruz explained that if Cephas didn't roll down their window, they would break it. And after banging on the window with a baton, police did break the window with a tool, Sloan reported.
“He just asked me to step out of my car without any reason and no probable cause,” Cephas said. When Sloan pointed out that the officer said they smelled pot, Cephas said: “I don't believe that's true. When they went in my actual car, they found no pot.”
Police, however, said they found two bags of marijuana. Cephas was charged with driving under the influence and resisting arrest.
When asked why they didn't just get out of the car, Cephas said, “Well, I'm tired of getting out of my car every time.”
Supervisors said De La Cruz was staying calm under pressure, not knowing what Cephas would do next. De La Cruz is also an Iraq War veteran.
Check Out These Other Stories From CBSNewYork.com:
Please let me know if you find any errors, or if you know of a link that should be included! Compiled by Jeroen Nijhof
FAQ #2: I have recently come into posession/ inherited/ found in my grandfather's attic an accordion, and I would like to have a go at it. What do all those buttons do?
Get a teacher
Whatever sounds good to you...
If at all possible, get a teacher. A teacher can motivate you, and can nip bad habits in the bud. Look at the Accordion Yellow Pages under 'teachers' or 'schools'; there might be one near you. If not, hopefully the crash course below is enough to get you started. It is meant for the piano accordion; that is the instrument I play.All advice given below is just that: advice. If something else sounds better to you, or works better for you, don't let me stop you. But especially when the fingering is concerned, be careful not to develop bad habits.
If you can't read music at all Gary Ewer's "Easy Music Theory might help. You don't have to know a lot about sheet music, quite a few people play by ear only. But on paper or on the screen the "dots" are a very efficient way of communicating music. And if you know how to read sheet music even a little, that opens up a wealth of material!
The basses
Layout
The first row (closest to the bellows) is the counterbass row, denoted by underlined capitals,
and the second row is the fundamental row, denoted by capitals. In each column, the counter bass is a third higher than the fundamental bass; but apart from that these two rows are the same, the C in the counter bass row will sound exactly the same as the C in the fundamental bass row.
the major chords, next to the fundamental basses: these are denoted by just the chord name, or with a suffix `maj' or `M': e.g. `c', or `cM', or `cmaj'
the minor chords, with a suffix `m' or `min'
the seventh chords, with a suffix `7': `c7'
the diminished chords, with a suffix of `d', `dim', `v' (in German and Dutch: verminder(t/d)) or a degrees sign
The accordion has an awful lot of bass buttons, but don't worry, you need only four or six of them to start with. A `normal' accordion can have up to 120 basses, arranged in up to 20 columns and up to 6 rows. Above you can see the layout for a 72 bass Stradella (that's what it's called) layout. There are two bass rows and four chord rows.The chord rows are all denoted by a lower case letter plus a suffix. They are:The columns are arranged along the: each column is the fifth of the column just below it, and conversely each column is the fourth of the column just above it. That is a very clever arrangement, because this way the basses that you need most often in a given key end up close together. For instance, for a tune in the key of C major, you often need the C major, G major, and F major chords, and they are next to eachother.
If your accordion has more bass buttons, 80, 96 or 120, then see Hans Palm's Stradella basses layout page; the extra columns are simply copies of columns that are there already: e.g. the next column on the right would be the C sharp column. But that is simply D flat under a different name. (an 80 bass accordion does not have the diminished row)
If your accordion has fewer buttons, 32, 40, or 60, then the layout will be the center piece of the 120 bass layout: As for the rows, first the diminished bass row disappears, then the counterbass row; and as for the columns, the C column will almost always be just below the middle.
Playing
As you will find out soon enough, you can't see what you are doing! For that reason, some buttons are marked. The C fundamental bass is always marked, usually indented. If there are more than 8 columns, then usually the E fundamental bass and the A flat fundamental bass are marked as well, often cross-hatched. But Your Mileage May Vary: I've got one accordion where the E flat bass is marked instead of the A flat bass. When in doubt, start from the C fundamental bass and count from there.
Now, how do you use these basses? Play the fundamental basses with your fourth finger (the ring finger), the major chords with your third finger (middle finger), and the minor, 7th chords and diminished chords with use the second finger (index finger) for the chords. (Some older American courses that you might encounter say to use the 3rd finger for the fundamental bass and the 2nd finger for major chords as well, but using your 4th finger for the fundamental basses is better).
The basic way of playing is in a hoom pa pa fashion: play a fundamental bass on the stressed beat, and a chord on the off-beat. For 4/4 time, that is fundamental bass-chord-fundamental bass-chord or fundamental bass-chord-chord-chord (for tangos, often), for waltzes, that is fundamental bass-chord-chord. For 6/8 time, the pattern is fundamental bass on the first beat, nothing on the second, chord on the third, etc.; e.g. C . c C . c | C . c C . c.
Play the basses staccato: press them and release them immediately, as if the buttons were burning hot. If you don't play them like that, you will probably find that the basses are `too loud'. If the basses are written out, like I've done below, they have the staccato implied: if there is a quarter note for a bass, that doesn't mean that you hear that bass for a quarter note (a crotchet), it means a short bass, and wait a quarter before you start the next one. On the other hand, if a bass note takes up more than a beat, like a half note (minim) or a dotted half note, often at the end, that usually means that the bass should sound for the whole note.
Examples
A very simple one to start with: only two chords, and a melody that spans only a fifth, so you can leave your fingers on the keyboard (thumb on the C, pinky on the G): start with the 3rd finger on the E. Try to keep your fingers in contact with the keys as much as possible: that is the easiest way not to get lost.
For notating the basses, I've used a common convention: on the bass staff, notes in the lower half denote fundamental basses, notes in the upper half denote (the root note of) chords; I've written out the names of the basses and chords as well. Sometimes you will find all three notes of the chord written out; sometimes the bass and chord names are not written out, and then often you will see just a single `M' above a chord: `this is a major chord'. Sometimes the chord names are omitted if they are the same as before, e.g. in the second bar I could have left them out.
Fingering for the basses is 4-3-4-3 all along; in the 3rd and the 7th measure you have to shift your hand up one column, for the 4th and 8th measure you have to come down again.
Not much more complicated, only this one uses the F chords as well, and I've replaced the G major chord with a G seventh chord. For the first three notes, there are no chords; at the end, play the C fundamental bass and the C major chord at the same time.
The right hand
I hope you can find your way around the right hand keyboard, sort of; If not, a page Das Akkordeon ) at the site of Handharmonika-Club 1932 Ditzingen shows the right hand keyboard, and how it corresponds to the staff. It also shows the the layout of the full Stradella keyboard, by the way. It's no problem if you can't read German, the note names are easy to translate: if X is a note name, then Xes is X flat, e.g. Des is D flat (Es is E flat, and As is A flat), Xis is X sharp, e.g. Ais is A sharp; the exception is that (German) B is (English) B flat, and (German) H is (English) B.
But what do you do if the melody does not fit on five fingers? Do not crawl around using just your thumb and index finger. For playing scales, the proper fingering is: 123-1234-123-1234 going up and 4321-321-4321-321 going down. Going up, cross with your thumb under your third or fourth finger; going down, cross with your third and fourth finger over your thumb.
With black keys, you have to avoid playing the black keys with your thumb (except when playing chords): your thumb is to short to reach them conveniently, and crossing over your thumb is next to impossible if the thumb is on a black key. For instance, you would play the scales of B flat as follows:
Often you need to stretch your hand, for example for arpeggios:
Spicing up the basses
The simplest way of spicing up the basses is the alternating bass: If the chord does not change, replace every other fundamental bass with its fifth. For instance, instead of `C c C c | C c C c', play `C c G c | C c G c', and instead of `C c c| C c c' play `C c c | G c c'. If the chord is a major chord, use the second finger for the alternating bass (you have to turn your hand a bit to in this case), and with minor and 7th chords, use your 3rd finger for the alternating bass. For 7th chords, replace theof the two basses by the fifth: e.g. `D g7 G g7' (to avoid repetition of the same bass: e.g. for C G7, C c G c D g7 G g7 is nicer than C c G c G g7 D g7. Thanks to Michal John Kozak for pointing that out to me). Example:
See also Hans Palm's page on chord combining
But you haven't told us anything about what the counterbasses are for!
They are for playing counter melodies, of course. More about that later, perhaps...
How I typeset the examples
For typesetting the examples, I used abc2mtex and MusixTeX; the source is examples.abc (it won't work with anything other than abc2mtex). To typeset the bass staff, I used the double staff feature of abc2mtex; to typeset the note and chord names, I hacked up a few user functions (guitar chords didn't work). To turn the abc input into gif, I cobbled up a small bash script abc2gif.sh
A second generation of gig economy startups is abandoning a dependence on contractors in favor of full employees.
When Dan Teran set out to launch an on-demand office services startup in 2014, the model to follow appeared obvious. Companies like TaskRabbit, Handy, and Uber had fired up the gig economy by hiring thousands of workers as independent contractors. In doing so, the startups benefited from a cheaper workforce, and workers got to enjoy greater flexibility in when and how they worked. But Teran had just read management expert Zeynep Ton's newly published book, The Good Jobs Strategy, in which they held up companies like Zappos and Trader Joe's as proof that investing in a workforce can make a company more profitable in the long run. Teran couldn't shake the feeling that Ton was right. On top of that, the 1099 contractor model was just starting to show signs of weakness, as Uber had recently been slapped with a class action lawsuit alleging it was exploiting drivers. So in launching Managed by Q, Teran decided to make what seemed like a gamble: They would make members of Q's workforce full W2 employees, eligible for company-paid health insurance, a 401K with match, and paid family leave.
That was nearly three years ago. Today, Managed by Q is at the forefront of a growing trend of on-demand companies that support full-time workforces. Some of these startups began by embracing more traditional labor models, like Q, while others decided to switch mid-stream, overhauling their business practices to bring workers on board as employees.
By Uber standards, this second generation of on-demand platforms is minuscule, and its approach has yet to stand the test of time. Some companies that switched employee models have failed entirely. But the trend is clear: It's become dangerous to build a business purely on the backs of contractors, and a growing number of enterprising companies are betting their futures on marrying the appeal of the on-demand world with the security of traditional employment.
Over the past several years, legal challenges to the contractor model have piled up, and just in the last month, Lyft and Instacart both settled misclassification lawsuits — Lyft for $27 million, and Instacart for $4.6 million. Meanwhile Uber, whose latest round of bad press has centered on its corporate culture, continues to face questions about its drivers' status: Courts in New York and the UK have found that drivers cannot be classified as self-employed, while drivers in Seattle are fighting for their right to unionize and Californians are considering doing the same.
Against this backdrop, a number of on-demand startups that began with 1099 contractors have taken the risky step of converting their workforces to employees — taking on as much as 30 percent more in payroll costs in exchange for legal peace of mind and a trainable workforce. Instacart, for example, began offering a full-employee option to workers in 2015, after being served with its first misclassification lawsuit; W2 “shoppers” now comprise about 20 percent of Instacart's workforce. (As Instacart's recent lawsuit settlement makes clear, however, the partial switch has not saved the company from all of its legal woes.)
In a flurry of announcements over the summer of 2015, several other companies started revamping their workforces entirely. Shyp made the switch that July, citing the desire to be able to train its couriers and provide them with more supervision; it was followed by companies including Luxe (valet parking), Eden (tech support), and Sprig (food delivery), all of which appeared to come to the collective, sudden realization that they needed more control over their workforces. Most of these startups avoided directly calling out misclassification lawsuits as their motivation for making the switch—but given the timing, the rush to change seemed far from a coincidence.
“I think that you have companies stepping back and saying, ‘Well, wait a minute, let's find out what what we really want and how we really want to build our business,' and I think there are plenty of companies that find Uber's arrogance, with respect to taking responsibility for complying with even baseline regulations, distasteful,” says Rebecca Smith, deputy director at the National Employment Law Project. “As we see more courts and agencies diving in and saying, ‘Just because you use a shiny app or platform doesn't make you not an employer,' the more we will see these sorts of changes happening.”
But those changes aren't easy to make. When Honor, a platform connecting older adults with home care professionals, transitioned its workforce at the beginning of last year, it kicked off a particularly trying six months—and lost about 15 percent of its workforce in the process. “The amount of code our engineers had to write just to be able to continue to pay people on time, to take out the right taxes, it was mind-blowing,” says Honor CEO Seth Sternberg. But the rough patch was worth it, they say: Honor is now able to train its care professionals and offer what it believes is better, more consistent service, in total compliance with labor laws. Things didn't go quite as smoothly for HomeHero, another venture-backed home health care startup that made the switch: When the company folded this February, it called the W2 model an “inferior” employment model that increased onboarding costs tenfold.
“This is the kind of fundamental decision you make early on—the earlier the better,” says Mitch Kapor of Kapor Capital, an investor in both Honor and Managed by Q. “The nature of your relationship with your labor force is a fundamental piece of the architecture of the business. It's not the technical architecture; it's the social architecture. And these architectural choices are difficult to change.”
Nearly three years in, Managed by Q now has close to 900 employees, working across 5 cities with some 1,200 office clients. That's hardly the hyper-growth that companies favoring the Uber model have enjoyed, but the slow-but-steady approach is a natural consequence of investing in employees, and it encapsulates Q's bet on longevity.
Investors haven't shied away. A year ago, Q raised $25 million in it Series B round; it's since raised another $30 million, and counts Google Ventures, Jessica Alba, and former NBA commissioner David Stern among its backers. That influx of cash has allowed the company to expand its office services menu: Alongside Q's initial offerings of cleaning, maintenance, and office administration, it now includes flashier options such as yoga classes and catered lunches. As it's grown, Q has also started offering its employees (known as “operators”) more perks—last March, Teran announced that the company would begin giving operators equity.
In practice, one big difference between Q and other on-demand companies is that platforms relying on 1099 contractors are legally barred from training workers. “The W2 route involves more rigorous training and supervision,” points out Q communications lead Ariella Steinhorn. Q's hypothesis is that investing in its operators' happiness and career development will pay off in the form of a better end product: says Steinhorn, “happy employees will ultimately lead to happy clients.”
The home management platform Hello Alfred is also testing that theory using full-time employees. “Alfreds,” as they're called, are entrusted with customers' keys and perform tasks ranging from laundry to grocery shopping and home cleaning. Because of the intimate nature of the work, hiring Alfreds as full employees made more sense, says CEO Marcela Sapone; they say they also felt strongly about offering their workers traditional benefits. Sapone, like Teran, believed that if they built up employees' trust and loyalty, they'd ultimately offer customers a better experience. Like Q, their company is growing slowly—it currently employs only about 200 Alfreds—but the strategy has been deliberate, they say, and the company has been profitable since its launch.
Providing benefits such as health insurance and paid leave, though, means that these companies tend to have higher expectations of their workers than looser on-demand platforms. Unlike Uber drivers or Postmates, Q operators and Alfreds can't just pop onto the app whenever they please and knock out a few hours of work. They're given schedules, and then have some flexibility within those, in that they can adjust their shifts and the number of hours they work in consultation with their supervisors. Both Q and Alfred say that they work with employees to accommodate unexpected schedule changes, and Q keeps a number of operators on call to fill in when those do come up—but a schedule still exists.
Customers, meanwhile, are more likely to have their requests filled by someone who's familiar with their office space or apartment—and they're guaranteed to have it filled by someone who's been thoroughly trained by their employer. Companies embracing the W2 model are hoping that those perks will in the long run make their services more valuable to customers.
It's a worthy theory, though it's still unproven. None of these newer companies has come close to achieving the scale or notability of its on-demand predecessors, and ultimately only a combination of customer demand, legal clarity, and some more time on the market will determine whether this version of the on-demand economy can thrive. This cohort of companies—the ones that have felt an acute pressure to play things safer than their contractor-driven brethren—is sacrificing explosive growth for building what it hopes are sustainable, ethical, and legally airtight businesses. If their bet turns out to be correct, the future of work may end up looking not all that different from the past.
This machine was reviewed as part of our 2017 Desktop Fabrication Shootout. See more machines in our 3D Printer Guide and non-3D printer reviews here.
The real power of Voccell's flagship DLS is its 100% duty cycle at 90°F. The company is marketing it as an industrial moneymaker, rather than a hobbyist's tool — but for what's included in the price, I could see it being used in both settings. A sign maker or engraver could run this machine all day for a business, or the moderately serious hobbyist could buy the DLS as a complete package, instead of piecing a setup together as some other companies require.
Are You Experienced?
This middleweight contender is a solid piece of machinery. Fresh off the truck (because it has to be shipped freight) and out of the box, the DLS has almost everything you need to get started. Laser, exhaust blower, chiller, pump, and hoses. It even comes with its own power strip and fire extinguisher, which are two features that suggest Voccell actually cares. Pour in about 2 gallons of distilled water and you are ready to go. Voccell supplies a small toolbox with Allen wrenches for adjustments, precut focus gauges, cleaning swabs, extra lenses, and a special bed adjuster. They also include a whole stack of pre-cut material so you can really explore the machine's capabilities.
On the software side things get a little complicated. The Vlaser software is included in the supplied thumb drive, and can start right from there, or be copied to your hard drive. The software itself is actually pretty simple to use, but it acts more as a go-between for your modeling software of choice and the DLS. Actual drawing inside Vlaser is fairly limited. Workflow is a little more lengthy because instead of just going through machine settings in a print driver from your program, you have to move your file to their program. Annoying, but not detrimental to the experience.
The cutting workflow is also a little different because the DLS does not have an electric bed height adjustment. Adjustment is achieved by way of a custom handle that fits into the top of the frame and cranked. The only downside to this is you have to remember to remove the handle before closing the lid, and remember not to lose said handle. Focusing is easy enough, consisting of supplied focus gauges and the asupervisorstioned handle.
Cuts to the Chase
Test cuts and engraving were very crisp, and the supplied manual walks you through setup in very plain English. Be warned, if you are a seasoned laser user, read ALL the setup instructions and tutorials. Some pieces of the workflow are a bit quirky. The DLS takes a certain procedure to run correctly. One major difference is that engraving and cutting operations cannot be completed in the same job, because the laser is focused differently for its respective operation. Because of this, when refocusing, you need to be extremely careful not to move the material or your cuts may be out of place.
If you read through Voccell's website, the fifth tab over is a comparison chart for the DLS and competitors. It rather unapologetically points out its advantages over similarly priced lasers, chief among them that it is actually shipping a quality, functioning laser.
If you are in the market, the DLS may not have all the bells and whistles some upcoming competitors are showing off, but then again, it is a functioning laser you can have today!
Details
Manufacturer: Voccell
Price as Tested: $4,999
Build Volume: 546×349.25×114mm
Tube: 40 watt CO2 laser tube. Class 4
Cut Untethered? Yes (machine carries onboard memory)
Onboard Controls? Yes (directional pad and menu buttons, separate interior light switch, e-stop switch)
Host Software: Vlaser
OS Windows XP, 7, 8 (32 and 64 bit), OSX 10.7
Firmware Proprietary
Open Software? No
Open Hardware? No
Pro Tips
Vlaser's “preview” feature offers a visual preview, estimated processing time, and even a simulation of your job. On the laser itself, the “run extents” command will run the extent box of your job with the laser off, so you can make sure it is in the position you want.
Why to Buy
Engraving is this machine's bread and butter, as its 40-watt tube will only cut material up to 0.313” (about 8mm) thick. Sign makers and engravers could run this machine all day for a relatively low initial investment.
Voter Surveillance
There hasn't been that much written about surveillance and big data being used to manipulate voters. In Data and Goliath, I wrote:
Unique harms can arise from the use of surveillance data in politics. Election politics is very much a type of marketing, and politicians are starting to use personalized marketing's capability to discriminate as a way to track voting patterns and better "sell" a candidate or policy position. Candidates and advocacy groups can create ads and fund-raising appeals targeted to particular categories: people who earn more than $100,000 a year, gun owners, people who have read news articles on one side of a particular issue, unemployed veterans...anything you can think of. They can target outraged ads to one group of people, and thoughtful policy-based ads to another. They can also fine-tune their get-out-the-vote campaigns on Election Day, and more efficiently gerrymander districts between elections. Such use of data will likely have fundamental effects on democracy and voting.
A new research paper looks at the trends:
Abstract: This paper surveys the various voter surveillance practices recently observed in the United States, assesses the extent to which they have been adopted in other democratic countries, and discusses the broad implications for privacy and democracy. Four broad trends are discussed: the move from voter management databases to integrated voter management platforms; the shift from mass-messaging to micro-targeting employing personal data from commercial data brokerage firms; the analysis of social media and the social graph; and the decentralization of data to local campaigns through mobile applications. The de-alignment of the electorate in most Western societies has placed pressures on parties to target voters outside their traditional bases, and to find new, cheaper, and potentially more intrusive, ways to influence their political behavior. This paper builds on previous research to consider the theoretical tensions between concerns for excessive surveillance, and the broad democratic responsibility of parties to mobilize voters and increase political engagement. These issues have been insufficiently studied in the surveillance literature. They are not just confined to the privacy of the individual voter, but relate to broader dynamics in democratic politics.
Posted on November 23, 2015 at 12:03 PM • 33 Comments
When it comes to detecting new organisms that emerge from exotic places and cause global havoc, the US military is ready. The Pentagon operates infectious disease labs and surveillance networks in places like Kenya, Georgia, and Thailand, as well as a giant research center and vaccine-making unit just outside Washington, DC.
All that effort makes sense, with 200,000 US troops deployed at bases in 171 countries that can encounter a wide range of emerging biological threats. But Pentagon planners are starting to wonder what happens if the next deadly flu bug or hemorrhagic fever doesn't come from a mosquito-infested jungle or bat-crowded cave. With new gene editing tools like Crispr-Cas9, state enemies could, theoretically, create unique organisms by mixing-and-matching bits of genetic information.
As this scenario evolves from sci-fi to real-world possibility, many public health experts, biology researchers, and even the military have begun to examine possible threats, according to Christian Hassell, deputy assistant secretary of defense for chemical and biological defense. “We had people asking us, ‘How is the government responding to this? What is the threat that it poses, if any?'”
So Hassell and their colleagues at the Pentagon funded a year-long review by the National Academies of Sciences of the biodefense vulnerabilities created by synthetic biology. This week, the committee of experts held their fourth of six meetings in Washington, inviting academic scientists, biotech CEOs, and public health experts. A preliminary report outlining the scope and direction of the probe is undergoing “classified review” before being released to the public, and a final report—with recommendations—is due next year.
Those results could have implications for defensive strategies against a new type of bioweapon, potentially more difficult to identify because it resembles its “natural” counterpart. And that defense could start at home—by limiting biological research that has potentially nefarious applications. The final review will have the potential to guide regulations on federally-funded research labs.
Conflict over the need for future regulations spiked during the public portion of the meeting on Thursday—likely continuing on Friday behind closed doors. Some scientists at the meeting felt that the molecular biology community is already doing enough to monitor itself: The academic biology and DIY bio-hacking communities have voluntary codes of ethics to deter experimentation by would-be bad guys. And they fear what might happen to important genetic research if the Pentagon gets too paranoid.
They point to 2014, when the federal government halted 18 studies on so-called “gain of function” research that tinkered with viruses like MERS, SARS, and the flu to make them more likely to transmit in humans. The White House is taking another look at that moratorium to determine whether it still makes sense. Many scientists hope the ban is lifted—they argue understanding how viruses mutate is critical to stop them.
Scientists at the meeting expressed a range of ideas about how the military could best defend against biological threats. Sriram Kosuri runs a synthetic biology lab at UCLA that has developed libraries of DNA sequences that can be developed into new kinds of organisms. While they understand the possibility of a lab-engineered threat, they believe the Pentagon and federal health officials should focus on responding to emerging public health menaces rather than monitoring academic labs that use genetic manipulation tools. “There's a legitimate threat of emerging viruses and we need to be prepared for those things,” Kosuri said during a break in the meeting. “The tiny threat of engineered viruses is miniscule compared to that.”
The Pentagon could also use the country's surveillance skills and genetic smarts to outwit biological bad guys. Howard Salis at Penn State has developed a computer program to predict what a new organism will do based on its genetic sequence. They think the best way to stop bad actors is at the beginning. “How do you stop someone from getting at the testing stage, or at the clinical stage of doing something bad?” Salis told the audience. “If you catch that actor trying to design the system, it's early in the process, it's easy to see what they are designing.”
For now, the threat of a hyper-lethal designer virus remains hypothetical. “This is not a tomorrow threat, it might be a tomorrow-tomorrow threat,” says Daniel Gerstein, an analyst at the Rand Corporation and former science policy advisor for the Obama administration. “I don't think it's purely science fiction. But we have not seen a lot of terrorists looking to manipulate genome sequences.”
And even if they do, the good news (for now) is that responding to a super-charged human-made virus is pretty much the same as responding to a nasty Ebola- or Zika-like outbreak, according to Cmdr. Franca Jones, chief of global emerging infections surveillance for the Pentagon's Defense Health Agency.
There are ways to determine whether a flu virus comes from a lab or the jungle. “We should be able to detect newly created organisms using a variety of methodology we have available, DNA sequencing being one,” says Jones. But whether it's natural or lab-grown, public health officials will still need the resources to respond quickly to a infectious disease outbreak. “When it comes to our infrastructure to respond,” they say, “I don't think there is much difference.”
New Republic: Two Very Different Kinds Of Mormons
Enlarge this image toggle caption Danny La/Getty Images Danny La/Getty Images
Matthew Bowman is a Ph.D candidate in American religious history at Georgetown University and associate editor of Dialogue: A Journal of Mormon Thought. They blog about Mormon history at The Juvenile Instructor.
Jon Huntsman, former governor of Utah, ambassador to China, and potential presidential contender, used to play the keyboard in a prog rock cover band called Wizard. In fact, they dropped out of high school, temporarily, in favor of music practices in a warehouse on the outskirts of Salt Lake City. The underground music scene of mid-'70s Salt Lake City was a bit tamer than most, but Huntsman faithfully toured the city's bars, fraternized with recreational marijuana users, and grew a shaggy mane — until their nineteenth birthday, when they got a haircut and left for Taiwan to serve a two-year mission for the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints.
For many presidential hopefuls, such teenage escapades might be little more than an embarrassing aside, but, in Huntsman's case, it's a striking example of their deft ability to negotiate between their Mormonism and the world around it. Their coreligionist and fellow presidential contender Mitt Romney, on the other hand, has rarely displayed the same sense of ease. On the campaign trail in 2008, Romney appeared nervous and awkward when confronted with questions about their faith, often attempting to defuse the situation with a thudding joke about polygamy ("I believe marriage is between a man and a woman. And a woman. And a woman."). Although it was meant to seem self-deprecating, the gag only highlighted Romney's distinct awareness of their own otherness.
Huntsman is only 13 years younger than Mitt Romney, but they are generations apart in temperament. Romney trying on Huntsman's leather jackets and shades, or hopping on one of their motorcycles, would rightly make them look ridiculous. But, beyond mere differences of personality, Romney and Huntsman also represent two very different strains of Mormonism. While both men are the progeny of the same class of wealthy Mormon elite, Huntsman's public life is born of a younger strain of Mormonism than is Mitt Romney's — a Mormonism increasingly well-adapted to the boisterous diversity of early twenty-first century America, and, perhaps because of that, a Mormonism with which America is growing increasingly comfortable.
Romney's 2008 presidential bid was dogged with the sort of accusations and rhetoric flung at Mormons since the time of Joseph Smith and Brigham Young: Mormonism, according to its detractors, was secretive, authoritarian, esoteric, hierarchical, and cultish. Damon Linker, in the pages of this magazine, worried that the grim specter of Mormon ecclesiastical authoritarianism would render the potential president a puppet of their faith rather than an agent of democracy. Opponent Mike Huckabee played the cult card, engaging in a bit of faux-regretful public contemplation of the weird things Mormons believe. And Florida televangelist Bill Keller, for their part, sent an email to 2.4 million fans declaring that a vote for Romney was a vote for Satan.
For Romney, and many other Mormons, Keller and Huckabee's accusations were cruel distortions, and Linker's baffling, because they have never imagined their faith to be anything other than fully compatible with American democracy. In the mid-twentieth century, the men who led Mormonism were entirely, sincerely, and guilelessly committed to what they understood the American project to be. Their strain of Mormonism was shaped by a fierce Protestant work ethic that had made their Mormon grandparents successful settlers of the Salt Lake desert and by a reflexive suspicion of federal government hammered into their bones during the late nineteenth-century polygamy prosecutions. They believed in competence and self-reliance, in hard work and duty. All of this made mid-twentieth century Mormons incredibly successful practitioners of capitalism and helped ease their way toward assimilation with an America that valorized the boardroom and economic success.
This strain of Mormonism — "business Mormonism" — was deeply patriotic for all the same reasons Calvin Coolidge and Dwight Eisenhower were. The church was meritocratic and technocratic, devoted to having meetings and wearing ties, to words like "responsibility" and "delegate," and to a firm optimism that dogged effort led to inevitable improvement. But, as American society endured the social conflagrations of the 1960s and '70s, business Mormonism's emphasis upon rectitude and moral behavior led it, increasingly, to emphasize its own moral distinctiveness and warn of the dangers of what it frequently called "the world." Brigham Young University mandated a business haircut for men in the 1960s, the same decade Mitt Romney was a student there, and the rhetoric of church leaders grew increasingly hostile toward popular culture. This Mormonism was awkward around, or even suspicious of, the cultural diversity and religious pluralism evident in late twentieth-century America — it was simultaneously committed to an ideal American way of life and wary of the fast decay of traditional American culture.
Romney is very much a product of these values. Though they tried to downplay their Mormonism on the campaign trial, they were a man simply trying too hard: The faith's language and presumptions, style and values, imprinted their every move, and they were very, very aware of it. When reporters asked about their beliefs, they visibly tensed. Brought up among Mormons dedicated to self-discipline and hard work, and with a long memory of the hostility American culture once inflicted upon them, Romney expected to be assailed for their Mormonism and reacted accordingly. In addition to polygamy jokes, they veered between aggressive declarations of pride in their faith and attempts to downplay its theological differences with other American Christianities. Romney felt their Mormonism needed acknowledgment, explanation, and perhaps even justification; they believed firmly that it was consistent with American values but, at the same time, that Americans needed to be convinced of this.
As a result, Romney's 2008 campaign attempted to defuse doubts about Mormonism by pointing at the way they had lived their life: their well-scrubbed wholesome family, their success at business, and their public service. This was not an attempt to dodge issues of theology — rather, it simply reflected what Mitt Romney genuinely believes religion is. In their 2007 speech on Mormonism and faith in America in College Station, Texas, Romney dealt with American religious pluralism by boiling all faiths down to what they called a "common creed of moral convictions" — a common ground of behavioral norms "on which Americans of different faiths meet and stand as a nation, united." But, to many evangelicals, who distrust Mormonism precisely because of its doctrinal distinctiveness, their words rang hollow — or even deceptive — and played into fears of Mormon secrecy and elusiveness.
In the past two decades, however, the Mormon Church has worked tirelessly to counter these fears and images. In 1995, Gordon B. Hinckley, a charismatic public relations professional, became president of the church and sought to remake the way their faith related to the world. Hinckley's familiarity with media — and their ease in maneuvering around figures like Mike Wallace and Bill Clinton — signaled a subtle shift in Mormon rhetoric. Hinckley, who died in 2008, continued to emphasize the importance of moral behavior, but they also expressed devout hope that this would not make Mormons stodgy and boring. They jettisoned pessimism about "the world" in favor of apparent delight at taking questions from Larry King. They urged their flock to seek opportunities to be good neighbors and regularly offered praise for the wonderful things that they saw outside the boundaries of the church. They traveled to Asia and Europe, and, in Africa, they took photo opportunities with Desmond Tutu. They seized upon the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, simultaneously working to welcome the world while avoiding any hint of a "Mormon Olympics." The Mormonism of Gordon B. Hinckley was, in short, comfortable with going to the movies once in a while.
This was the faith of Jon Huntsman's adulthood. Hinckley, in fact, called Huntsman's father to full-time service within the church in 1997, and Jon Sr. left their chemical business, Huntsman Corporation, in the hands of their children. The younger Jon worked there for many years, helping reinvent the company as a global corporation — one that's heavily involved in Asia and has taken great care to manage its media image in the United States. Huntsman's language skills were highly valuable during this process and also in their other jobs representing the United States overseas. Their cosmopolitan and culturally savvy young adulthood reflected the changes happening within Mormonism itself.
To read the rest of this article, visit The New Republic.
Part of Destiny's gameplay formula is finding and grabbing loot amidst all the sci-fi gunplay. But some of the loot chests in the beta are shinier and cooler than the others, bestowing special rewards to players that find them all. Here's where the good stuff is.
The guide to the golden chests—which can be found in the beta's Story or Explore missions—comes from PS4 player Mercenary09, who shows the locations. If you can't watch the video, here's a quick rundown:
Restoration : go up a set of stairs, through a room, on a desk and there's a golden chest
: go up a set of stairs, through a room, on a desk and there's a golden chest The Dark Within, during the Wizard boss fight: through the ceiling in an adjacent room, across the opening you entered in and around through a back corner and, presto, chest.
through the ceiling in an adjacent room, across the opening you entered in and around through a back corner and, presto, chest. Forgotten Shores: through a cave with a small waterfall in front of it, chest is behind a big rock.
through a cave with a small waterfall in front of it, chest is behind a big rock. Forgotten Shores again: facing the broken pier, run down the shoreline underneath the pier until you reach a set of low rocks. Jump up the rocks and find the chest.
facing the broken pier, run down the shoreline underneath the pier until you reach a set of low rocks. Jump up the rocks and find the chest. During the Devil's Lair boss fight: go underneath the platform to the right and the chest will be waiting for you.
Advertisement
Loot hunts like these will probably be a big part of Destiny's final retail version, so consider grabbing these five shiny treasures practice for now.
Jameis Winston's 2016 stats: 345-of-567 (60.8 completion percentage), 4,090 yards, 28 touchdowns, 18 interceptions, 86.1 rating, 64.7 QBR, 3.7 percent DVOA
2015 stats: 312-of-535 (58.3 completion percentage), 4,042 yards, 22 touchdowns, 15 interceptions, 84.2 rating, 60.9 QBR, minus-13.2 percent DVOA
Key takeaway: Leading up to the 2015 draft, NFL evaluators questioned whether Winston could take care of the football. After their first two seasons, those doubts persist. As they did while at Florida State, they take chances, and sometimes they make plays that other quarterbacks wouldn't and sometimes they make costly mistakes. Winston increased their touchdown percentage this season (from 4.1 to 4.9) but also increased their interception percentage (from 2.8 to 3.2). So far, the Eli Manning comps appear valid.
• • •
• • •
• • •
• • •
Related stories
• (Almost) every Marcus Mariota pass in 2016, charted
• Winston vs. Mariota, Week 13: What we've learned
• Reasons why the Winston and Mariota comparisons won't die anytime soon
• Winston vs. Mariota, Week 4: Sophomores slump because of turnovers
• Winston vs. Mariota, Week 1: Role reversal
• Winston vs. Mariota: Who won 2015?
• • •
• • •
• • •
• • •
• • •
• • •
• • •
• • •
• • •
• • •
• • •
• • •
Contact Thomas Bassinger at [email protected] Follow @tometrics.
Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi speaks on the third day of the Republican National Convention in Cleveland on July 20, 2016. (Timothy A. Clary/AFP via Getty Images)
This article has been updated.
Among the various claims made by Donald Trump during their campaign announcement was one that has come back to haunt him.
"Hey, I have lobbyists," Trump said in June 2015. "I have to tell you, I have lobbyists that can produce anything for me. They're great."
It was an early form of an argument that they have made repeatedly over the course of the campaign: They know how corrupt the system is because they took advantage of that corruption as a business person. They put it more aggressively in an interview with the Wall Street Journal a month later.
"As a business person and a very substantial donor to very important people, when you give, they do whatever the hell you want them to do," they told the paper. "As a business person, I need that."
During the first debate of the Republican primaries, Fox News' Bret Baier questioned Trump on that point.
"You said recently, quote, 'When you give, they do whatever the hell you want them to do,'" Baier said.
"You'd better believe it," Trump replied. They continued:
I will tell you that our system is broken. I gave to many people, before this, before two months ago, I was a business person. I give to everybody. When they call, I give. And do you know what? When I need something from them two years later, three years later, I call them, they are there for me.
That's the pay-for-play Trump has talked about so much recently in another context. They paid; they played. With their characteristic bravado, Trump bragged about being a participant in the corruption that they were setting out to fix.
As far as rhetoric goes, it's a tricky line to walk. But when questions arose about Trump actually giving money to get a benefit from politicians, those comments came back to haunt him.
At issue is a contribution made by Trump's foundation to a political group associated with the attorney general of Florida. The Post's David Fahrenthold has been tracking money flowing in and out of Trump's nonprofit for months, and they reported last week that the organization had to pay a fine for giving to a 527 political organization, a violation of rules governing nonprofits.
Where Trump gets into trouble is the why. The watchdog group CREW offers a timeline of the gift to Attorney General Pam Bondi's group, Justice for All:
Aug. 2013: New York's attorney general files a lawsuit against Trump, accusing Trump University of perpetrating fraud.
Sep. 13: The office of the attorney general in Florida says through a spokesperson that it is "reviewing the allegations" in the New York suit. The Orlando Sentinel found that "dozens" of complaints were filed with the state against the school (called "Trump Institute" in Florida), dating to 2008.
Sep. 17: Justice For All receives a check from the Trump Foundation.
Oct. 15: Bondi's office hands over documents to CREW indicating that it told reporters that it was never considering joining the New York lawsuit.
This June, a consultant who worked with Bondi's campaign told the Associated Press that Bondi had personally asked for a contribution from Trump, saying the "process took at least several weeks, from the time they spoke to the time they received the contribution."
On Monday, Trump denied that he'd been asked for money. "I never spoke to her, first of all," they said. Bondi is a " fine person, beyond reproach. I never even spoke to them about it at all. She's a fine person. Never spoken to them about it, never," they added. Bondi endorsed Trump in March.
The problem here is obvious. Staffers for Bondi say they didn't know about the Trump University case when they requested the contribution, and there's no smoking gun proving quid pro quo. What there is Trump's record of bragging about how they leveraged quid pro quo on their own behalf.
In Texas, another state where questions have been raised, the situation is different. The state similarly declined to sue Trump University. A former regulator in the attorney general's office in the state says they were told to drop a case against Trump University after the program agreed to stop operating in Texas, CBS News reported in June. At the time, the state's attorney general was Greg Abbott, now Texas's governor. And, like, Bondi, Abbott got contributions from Trump, this time from the man himself.
But those contributions came at least three years after Abbott's office deep-sixed the investigation. "It's absurd to suggest any connection between a case that has been closed and a donation to Governor Abbott three years later," Abbott's spokesperson told CBS. That's a fair rebuttal: While Trump may have appreciated the decision by Abbott, it's hard to think that there was some sort of agreement that Trump would wait three years and then give Abbott $35,000. That's 0.07 percent of the total Abbott raised for their election in 2014, a portion that seems unlikely to warrant committing a crime to acquire.
It's because of Florida and because of Trump's big words about corruption that Texas has been looped into the conversation at all. The most generous assessment of what Trump actually did is that they bragged about their savvy and manipulations to impress the listener, in the way that a tough guy might brag about how they get into fights. When the police come calling to inquire about a string of assaults, though, the tough guy changes theirs tune.
The most worrisome assessment is that Trump wasn't just bragging and that, at some point, they gave a politician money directly for a political favor.
We generally misunderstand the role of money in politics, which is rarely about direct bribery. Instead, it's about building a relationship, to Trump's point, ensuring that when you call, the politician picks up.
The Bondi situation looks like something more than that, with Trump and the attorney general trying to explain it away in different directions. Had Trump never insisted during the first part of their campaign that they did exactly this, that task would be easier.
Update: On Sept. 14, the New York Times reported that the check from the Trump Foundation was dated four days prior to the Sentinel story.
ESPN's MegaCast isn't just for college football championship games anymore. The network is bringing out its multi-channel artillery for its 2017 college football season opener on Thursday, Aug. 31, when Ohio State visits Indiana.
Previous MegaCast broadcasts for national championship games and College Football Playoff semifinals provided 14 different options for viewers to watch. The Ohio State-Indiana telecast will be a slimmer version, offering six alternate broadcasts for fans to enjoy.
The main broadcast will be on ESPN with Dave Flemming calling play-by-play, Kirk Herbstreit providing analysis and Laura Rutledge as the sideline reporter. Another of the broadcasts will be Coaches Film Room on ESPNews, which will feature the network debut of Les Miles (who's doing TV after all), along with fellow former coaches Mack Brown, Gene Chizik and Mark Helfrich. That broadcast will be hosted by Tom Luginbill and Greg McElroy.
MegaCast will also include a homers' broadcast on ESPNU. Currently, Dan Dakich is set as the analyst for the Indiana side, paired with play-by-play man Joe Tessitore. The Ohio State homer analyst has yet to be named, but they will be partnered with Adnan Virk calling play-by-play.
Other parts of ESPN's MegaCast offered on ESPN3 will include:
** An All-22 broadcast will show a view of the entire field, like what coaches and players watch, from above the end zone.
** A Skycam perspective of the game that provides an especially compelling look from behind the offense.
** DataCenter, which will include on-screen analytics, drive charts, win probability updates and reaction from social media.
** Command Center, which will be a split-screen presentation that includes multiple camera angles and isolated feeds on specific players and coaches. Advanced statistics and drive charts will also be included on this telecast.
ESPN's coverage will also include a two-hour College GameDay pregame show from Bloomington, Indiana. (Former Indiana coach Lee Corso back on campus!) The show will broadcast from a set inside Memorial Stadium. Prior to that, the network will have one-hour editions of College Football Live and College Football Countdown, while ESPNU will offer an alternate pregame show. In total, five hours of pregame will be devoted to the Ohio State-Indiana game and the opening of the 2017 college football season. Hoosiers football hasn't ever seen anything like this.
The MegaCast broadcast of Ohio State-Indiana will be on Thursday, Aug. 31 at 8 p.m. ET.
Donnerstag, 07. April 2016
Der Rasen wird “getaftet”
Nachdem bereits im Januar in der SchücoArena ein neuer Naturrasen verlegt wurde, wird dieser nun seit dem Heimspiel gegen Fortuna Düsseldorf im zweiten Schritt der Umbaumaßnahmen durch 22 Millionen Kunststofffasern verstärkt.
Unmittelbar am Samstagabend nach dem Spiel gegen Düsseldorf begann die Firma “heiler GmbH & Co. KG” mit den Arbeiten, die Ende nächster Woche und somit rechzeitig vor dem Duell gegen den 1.FC Kaiserslautern abgeschlossen sein werden. Durch die Kunststofffasern, die zusammengerechnet eine Länge von rund 50.000 Kilometern aufweisen, wird der Rasen stabiler und trittfester. Fliegende Grasfetzen wird es in Zukunft nicht mehr geben. Die Fasern werden dabei von mehreren großen Maschinen ca. 20 cm tief in die Wurzelzone des Rasens “getaftet”. Neben der hohen Nachhaltigkeit – der Rasen soll rund 10 Jahre liegen können – zeichnet das neue Grün eine verbesserte Ebenerdigkeit sowie eine bessere Drainage, durch die Regenwasser effizienter ablaufen kann, aus.
Gegen den 1.FC Kaiserslautern wird Arminia dann am 17. April zum ersten Mal auf Hybridrasen in der SchücoArena antreten. Für alle, die dabei sein möchten, gibt es noch ausreichend Tickets im Fan- und Ticketshop, im Online-Ticketshop und in allen bekannten DSC-Vorverkaufsstellen.
Paul Hembery says Pirelli has nominated the soft and medium compound tyres for the Belgian Grand Prix in the hope of creating an exciting race.
The soft and medium combination has not been used in the last two races at Spa, with the medium and hard chosen in 2013. However, while the soft tyre is likely to be an obvious choice during qualifying, Hembery says the length of the Spa-Francorchamps circuit adds an extra dimension to strategy and opting for the softer pairing than previous years could mix up strategy.
"Spa is one of the most epic circuits of the year, and a track we know well from our experience of GT racing at the Spa 24 Hours too," Hembery said. "An adaptable tyre is the key element, able to work equally well within the very wide range of track and weather conditions that we often see in Belgium.
"Despite the fact that tyre wear and degradation is traditionally high at Spa - the result of the multiple energy loadings put through the tyres - we have been able to nominate the soft tyres here as well as the medium for the first time since 2011, with the softer option liable to be the preferred choice in qualifying due to a significant time gap.
"This is because of the length of the lap, meaning also that strategy is a very big factor in Spa: there is more time to be won and lost by being on the right tyre at the right time than at many other venues. It's the sort of race where, under the right circumstances, it's absolutely possible to go from last to first - and that always makes for a very exciting grand prix."
A colleague pointed me to this essay by an academic who mentioned in a submitted paper that the possibility of biological differences among human groups ought to be considered. Their submission was firmly rejected in the face of “… expletives and exclamation points to give the most venomous and dismissive feedback I have ever encountered” from the reviewers. This essay ought to be read by anyone concerned about the sorry state of our social and behavioral sciences. The author also points us to a website at Heterodox Academy with useful comments and discussion.
Long ago when I was in graduate school I attended a “workshop” sponsored by an outfit called the “Foundations' Fund for Research in Psychiatry.” The attendees were mostly chairs of Psychiatry at US and Canadian medical schools. Each had been invited to bring along a promising graduate student or postdoc, hence my presence. The meeting, to my innocent eyes, was hilarious. The opening session led by David Hamburg outlined the theme of the meeting, the movement to rid psychiatric education of analysis and all its baggage and to replace all of it with biological psychiatry. It was a carefully thought out session with a lot of emphasis on evidence and the scientific method.
The afternoon session featured the analysts and they completely torpedoed the meeting without providing a trace of substance. The talks were variants of “let us think about why you feel this way and understand the source of your antagonism”. They were a smooth talking lot and, sure enough, nothing at all was accomplished. I didn't know much at that time but I knew enough to recognize a faith-based cult of true believers.
Our social and educational sciences are, much of them, in the hands of a cult like this, devout creationists all with their heads in the sand of social science as it was envisioned half a century ago. We recently had an experience much like Anomaly's. Over a year ago Mike Weight (an undergraduate) and I posted a draft of a manuscript about using quantitative genetic theory to evaluate changes over time in traits. We had in mind a technology useful for distinguishing cultural from genetic transmission. Many readers of our blog made helpful comments and, to our shame, found a large number of typos. I shudder when I reread that old post. It was written shortly after I had my temporal lobe bleed and the whole part of my brain that was capable of proofreading seems to have been knocked out.
We thought we should submit it somewhere where social scientists would read it. We got back, from a succession of three journals, a stunning set of ignorant and irrelevant reviews. For example the first sentence of the first one we read said “this is really about race and it ought to be made clear”. Another said “they are trying to push genetics where it has no place”. The tone of all of them was like this, angry and scornful. One reviewer told us that our views were outdated and discredited since epigenetics had swept the field!
We had two and one half mildly sensible reviews, one about technical aspects of quantitative genetic theory and another by a reviewer unhappy with the level of detail and statistical aspects of the treatment of Amish test results. Since we regarded the Amish data as a toy set of data, we made no changes. The other reviewers were all hostile and angry at what we had written, several convinced that the paper must be racist but they didn't quite understand how or why. We could only laugh at the collection of reviews because none of them had any idea what they were talking about. None made it so far as to read and understand the central point of the paper. With the exceptions mentioned above, they were pig ignorant and proud of it.
In a recent post here, Greg's conclusion about the social sciences was that “they're just no damn good”. It is easy to come up with social scientists who are excellent— Steve Pinker and Charles Murray and Dalton Conley and Jonathan Haidt pop to mind — but my sample of reviewers suggests that for most of them Greg is right on the money. We surrendered to the collective social science wisdom and submitted the paper to our friends at the Journal of Biosocial Science where it is in press, out any day now, as an open access article.
Advertisements
Time to let home prices fall?
Many expect another wave of foreclosures to further deflate prices. The government could offer new incentives — or let market forces rule.
The housing market's new woes expose the limits of government's ability to end the real estate bust, while also raising the odds that policymakers could resort to more dramatic moves to try to support the market.
Now, a grim reality has set in: Despite the still-rich basket of tax breaks for residential property owners, and the lowest mortgage rates in a generation, the pool of willing or able buyers is dwindling.
And since the real estate mega-bubble burst three years ago, the government has tried even more tricks to get people to sign home purchase contracts.
But as a society we've long tried to make homeownership an offer you couldn't refuse.
Reports this week on home purchases in July were beyond dismal. Sales of existing homes tumbled 27% from June and 25% from a year earlier. New-home sales slumped to an annualized rate of just 276,000 units, down 32% from July 2009 and the lowest since at least the early 1960s.
Some of the fall-off undoubtedly reflected the spring expiration of the latest federal housing gimmick — tax credits of $8,000 for first-time buyers who met certain income requirements, and $6,500 for repeat buyers.
But it can't be a coincidence that the summer plunge in housing demand occurred as faith in the year-old economic recovery continued to wane.
"It's not a housing issue anymore — it's an overall economic issue," said David Crowe, chief economist for the National Assn. of Home Builders.
Historically, housing has led the way in recoveries. "But this is a case where housing is going to follow the economy, not lead it," Crowe said.
You need a job to afford a home, unless you're rolling in cash, and everyone knows that the U.S. has created precious few net new jobs since April — just 80,000 over the last three months in a nation of 310 million people.
The national unemployment rate remains stuck at 9.5%, and even among workers who have jobs more than one-quarter live in fear of being laid off, according to a Gallup poll this month.
How do you stoke housing demand given that backdrop?
Congress figured the tax-credit giveaway would encourage buyers, and it did to an extent. The credit helped boost sales of existing homes to an annualized rate of 5.79 million units in April, up from about 5 million in January and February.
But the risk of offering any giveaway with a deadline (in this case, April 30) is that it will artificially inflate activity for a limited period and simply steal from future sales.
"We conferred an $8,000 benefit on people who were going to buy a house anyway," asserts David Resler, chief economist at Nomura Securities in New York.
How To Select A House Painter
Need to revamp the whole interior or exterior look for your home? It may be quite tough to find the best suitable contractor to do it, all you have to do is to follow these simple steps below and you will save up a lot of hassles.
Painting the whole exterior and interior of your home is not an easy task to do, you might consider hiring a professional painting service company to complete the job for you. By doing so, you will find yourself saving lots of troubles and getting the best quality of painting works.
Firstly, you should get a licensed painter by sourcing through some websites and try giving them a call to enquire about the rates. Arrange a day for free onsite quotation which most companies are providing because it is very difficult for the painting companies to quote through phone calls. By meeting up with the painters, you can look at the way how the different painters present themselves and how professional they are.
Another best way to source for the best painting contractor is through word of mouth especially those referrals from your family members or people around you.
Before selecting on the painting service company, you can read through the testimonials on their websites or even search through forum discussions. Some people might share their good or bad experiences with that particular company you have selected.
It is also very important to check licenses of the painting contractors and make sure they do not hire illegal workers to paint your house for you. If you want to keep things safe, you might want to search for companies which are using all local painters.
Pricing is another factor you might want to consider when search for a Professional Painting Company. Ask the contractors for the total amount that he/she is quoting you, which includes the material cost and also the time for completion. Ensure that the painter is providing you on time guarantee.
Adding onto that, you will need to ask about the brands and types of materials that are needed to paint your home and also the different techniques applied.
A good and experienced painting service company will be able to help you through the steps needed to paint your home and also to answer all your doubts and enquires. They might even provide you with some suggestions if required.
Lastly, ensure that the painters will be cleaning up your home after the whole painting job.
Follow these steps above and you will find yourself sourcing for the best contractor in town.
HDB Painting Services Condominium Painting Services Commercial Painting Interior Home Painting I was given a free onsite quotation for the painting job at my house. All i can say is their service is really superb and the workmanship of the paint job is perfect. I must say that they really know what they are doing. KEep up the great work! MIss Jenny Chia I was recommended by my friend David and I got my HDB painted by them and i must say that their service was really good and also the paint work is professionally done. Their workers are fast and really efficient. Thank you for the great service. Mr David Chan
Tweet
.hack//G.U. Last Recode's Big Batch Of Screenshots Show What's Going On In The New Volume 4
By Casey . August 6, 2017 . 3:30pm
Bandai Namco shared a big batch of new screenshots for .hack//G.U. Last Recode that tell us more about what's going on in the new Volume 4 story that was recently revealed.
The story of the new fourth volume is a direct sequel that takes place after the events of .hack//G.U. Vol. 3: Redemption, where Haseo logs onto The World R:2 after a year and three months of not logging on. They decide to get on after receiving a strange email with the location of their old friend Ovan who had gone missing.
Upon arriving at Qha Holme Caverns, Haseo finds Ovan frozen and attempts to break them out, but they soon realizes that they don't possess the power to break the ice.
In the new volume, we'll see Haseo's new 5th form. We'll also meet a new character named Kusabira, a mysterious girl who appears to know about what's going on at Qha Holme Cavern.
Haseo will have to gather again with their old friends in order to find a way to save Ovan… before The World R:2 shuts down on December 31, 2018.
.hack//G.U. Last Recode will release in Japan on November 1, 2017 for the PlayStation 4 and PC. The game releases in North America and Europe this fall.
Bob Rodgers, commodore of the South Whidbey Yacht Club, gestures to a class of youth sailors at Goss Lake onThursday. Sailors have moved to Goss Lake due to a toxic algae bloom at Lone Lake. Photo by Evan Thompson / Whidbey News Group
Lone Lake is closed temporarily due to toxic algae levels that are nearly 50 times above the provisional recreation limit set by the state.
The lake contained 49.030 micrograms per liter of Anatoxin-a, a neurotoxin also known as the “Very Fast Death Factor,” in a test conducted on July 13.
Ingesting enough Anatoxin-a can disrupt the link between nerves and muscles and can lead to loss of coordination, muscular fasciculations, convulsions and death by respiratory paralysis.
There were also small amounts of Microcystin found, but it was not above the state guideline.
The toxic algae are visible to the naked eye as a layer of green “scum” on the water, said Island County Environmental Health Specialist Maribeth Crandell.
A notice posted on Wednesday by Island County advises people to stay out of the lake and call a doctor or veterinarian if a person or animal is experiencing a sudden or unexplained sickness or signs of poisoning.
The toxic algae bloom may not have a singular cause, but possibly multiple. Crandell said the heat, goose poop, leaky septic systems and the topography of the lake may all have been factors in the county closing the lake temporarily.
The lake has the highest level of toxicity since 2015, when there were 93.100 micrograms per little of Anatoxin-A and 21.100 micrograms of Microcystin in July 2015.
Anatoxin-a levels also exceeded the state limits in July 2016 when there were 10.700 micrograms found.
Alga blooms in the past have been linked to the presence of grass carp, a vegetarian fish that was meant to reduce noxious weed Brazilian elodea.
Fishermen wielding bows and arrows began in April and May reducing the population once estimated at about 800.
The county utilized data collected from the water by Clyde Jenkins, a member of South Whidbey Yacht Club, who said they used an Abraxis testing kit to examine toxicity levels.
Jenkins sent the samples from July 13 to a King County lab for more testing, the results of which were sent to Island County and Washington State Toxic Algae, a freshwater algae bloom monitoring program.
Jenkins said they were surprised by the results of the test. They added that toxicity levels are based on what the toxins could do to someone who is around 33 pounds, which would roughly be the size of a two-year-old.
“They are very cautiously set,” Jenkins said.
Jenkins used vials, eye droppers and chemicals from the Abraxis kit to test the samples.
“You let it sit for five or 10 minutes and you compare it to a chart,” Jenkins said.
The toxic algae bloom has caused some disruption in sailing classes for the South Whidbey Yacht Club. Bob Rodgers, commodore of the club, said both the beginner and intermediate classes were forced to move to Goss and Deer lakes, respectively. Rodgers said there are few drawbacks to Lone Lake's closure, such as not being able to use motors on Goss Lake and having a slower response time if a sailor were to get into some trouble.
But, they said the Goss Lake neighbors have been welcoming and receptive to an onslaught of sailors flying around their “usually quiet little lake.” They said they've also been fortunate enough to launch from docks owned by private property owners, but it's not something the club would like to do forever.
Bill Brown, an instructor with the yacht club, was also disappointed by the lake's closure but understood the necessity. They also said the yacht club has an advantage now that it can test the water for toxicity.
Crandell did not know whether the toxic algae are harmful to fish. Langley fisherman Clayton Wright of the Whidbey Fly Fishing Club is hopeful that the lake will not be closed for long and that fishing won't be impacted. They typically do catch-and-release anyways, they said.
“To us, it's not a showstopper,” Wright said. “I don't think it's going to be a big impact to fishing at this stage.”
Last night, XXXTENTACION was suckered punched and laid out as they performed 'Garrette's Revenge' on a San Diego stage.
this just happened at the concert bro pic.twitter.com/Sne2pUQHHC — BJ (@BASEDJESUS) June 8, 2017
Now we have reports that a man was stabbed right after the incident on stage, and may be in critical condition. (Fox San Diego has confirmed the stabbing, but not the victim's condition.)
Judging from X's (now deleted) social media activity, the stabbed man may have been involved in the punch.
The last message seems directed at Rob Stone. Stone and XXXTENTCION have had issues ever since X's good friend Ski Mask The Slump God was similarly attacked on a San Diego stage by Stone's crew.
In addition to the stabbing, there was a riot after the show.
There was a riot outside after xxxtentacion show after they got jump A post shared by DJ Akademiks (@akadmiks) on Jun 7, 2017 at 10:21pm PDT
Drake, who has a history with X, is feeling it all:
#drake probably enjoying the hell out of this . They're liking comments on the video #xxxtentacion Got beat up. Remember X started talking bout their moms. A post shared by DJ Akademiks (@akadmiks) on Jun 7, 2017 at 11:24pm PDT
Here is X's reaction to the incident which is still up.
security and venue set me up, I got sucker punched and knocked out, it is what it is. — MAKE OUT HILL - XXX (@xxxtentacion) June 8, 2017
Egypt's President Mohammed Morsi sent a missive to President Shimon Peres, wishing stability and security for all of the region's nations, including Israel.
"I am looking forward to exerting our best efforts to get the Middle East peace process back to its right track in order to achieve security and stability for all peoples of the region, including [the] Israeli people," Morsi said in the missive.
The short letter, dating July 15, was delivered Tuesday to Peres' military adviser Brigadier General Hasson Hasson by a diplomat from the Egyptian embassy in Tel Aviv. The missive came as a response to a message sent by Peres a month ago, in which the president congratulated Morsi for their victory in the elections, and offered their blessing ahead of the month of Ramadan.
In their answer in English, the Egyptian president thanked Peres for their congratulatory message.
"It was with deep thanks that I received your congratulations on the advent of the Holy Month of Ramadan," Morsi wrote.
Last month, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu sent a missive to Morsi congratulating them on winning the Egyptian election. Netanyahu offered to cooperate with the new government in Cairo and expressed their hope that both parties would observe the Egyptian-Israeli peace treaty.
Netanyahu's letter was the first official message from Israel to a representative of the Muslim Brotherhood, which won both the parliamentary elections and the presidential elections in Egypt.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
Since their victory, Morsi and their aides stressed to U.S. and European officials that they intend to respect all international treaties which Egypt has signed, including the peace treaty with Israel.
Egypt's newly elected President Mohammed Morsi, in Cairo, Egypt, July 31, 2012. AP
CLICK TO ENLARGE: A letter sent from Egypt's Mohammed Morsi to President Shimon Peres, July 31, 2012.
In response to news media inquiries, The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints issued the following statement Monday, January 4 (for more context on this issue, see this story from the Washington Post):
While the disagreement occurring in Oregon about the use of federal lands is not a Church matter, Church leaders strongly condemn the armed seizure of the facility and are deeply troubled by the reports that those who have seized the facility suggest that they are doing so based on scriptural principles. This armed occupation can in no way be justified on a scriptural basis. We are privileged to live in a nation where conflicts with government or private groups can — and should — be settled using peaceful means, according to the laws of the land.
Russia and China have just signed what is being called “the gas deal of the century”, and the two countries are discussing moving away from the U.S. dollar and using their own currencies to trade with one another. This has huge implications for the future of the U.S. economy, but the mainstream media in the United States is being strangely quiet about all of this. For example, I searched CNN's website to see if I could find something about this gas deal between Russia and China and I did not find anything. But I did find links to “top stories” entitled “Celebs who went faux red” and “Adorable kid tugs on Obama's ear“. Is it any wonder why the mainstream media is dying? If a particular story does not fit their agenda, they will simply ignore it. But the truth is that this new agreement between Russia and China is huge. It could end up fundamentally changing the global financial system, and not in a way that would be beneficial for the United States.
Russia and China had been negotiating this natural gas deal for ten years, and now it is finally done. Russia is the largest exporter of natural gas on the entire planet, and China is poised to become the world's largest economy in just a few years. This new $400 billion agreement means that these two superpowers could potentially enjoy a mutually beneficial relationship for the next 30 years…
Russia reached a $400 billion deal to supply natural gas to China through a new pipeline over 30 years, a milestone in relations between the world's largest energy producer and the biggest consumer. President Vladimir Putin is turning to China to bolster Russia's economy as relations sour with the U.S. and European Union because of the crisis in Ukraine. Today's accord, signed after more than a decade of talks, will allow state-run gas producer OAO Gazprom (GAZP) to invest $55 billion developing giant gas fields in eastern Siberia and building the pipeline, Putin said. It's an “epochal event,” Putin said in Shanghai after the contract was signed. Both countries are satisfied with the price, they said.
Of course countries sell oil and natural gas to each other all the time. But what makes this deal such a potential problem for the U.S. is the fact that Russia and China are working on cutting the U.S. dollar out of the entire equation. Just check out the following excerpt from a recent article in a Russian news source…
Russia and China are planning to increase the volume of direct payments in mutual trade in their national currencies, according to a joint statement on a new stage of comprehensive partnership and strategic cooperation signed during high-level talks in Shanghai on Tuesday. “The sides intend to take new steps to increase the level and expansion of spheres of Russian-Chinese practical cooperation, in particular to establish close cooperation in the financial sphere, including an increase in direct payments in the Russian and Chinese national currencies in trade, investments and loan services,” the statement said.
In my recent article entitled “De-Dollarization: Russia Is On The Verge Of Dealing A Massive Blow To The Petrodollar“, I warned about what could happen if the petrodollar monopoly ends. In the United States, our current standard of living is extremely dependent on the rest of the world continuing to use our currency to trade with one another. If Russia starts selling natural gas to China without the U.S. dollar being involved, that would be a monumental blow to the petrodollar. And if other nations started following the lead of Russia and China, that could result in an avalanche from which the petrodollar may never recover.
And it isn't just the national governments of Russia and China that are discussing moving away from the U.S. dollar. For example, the second largest bank in Russia just signed a deal with the Bank of China “to pay each other in domestic currencies”…
VTB, Russia's second biggest lender, has signed a deal with Bank of China, which includes an agreement to pay each other in domestic currencies. “Under the agreement, the banks plan to develop their partnership in a number of areas, including cooperation on ruble and renminbi settlements, investment banking, inter-bank lending, trade finance and capital-markets transactions,” says the official VTB statement. The deal underlines VTB Group's growing interest in Asian markets and will help grow trade between Russia and China that are already close trading partners, said VTB Bank Management Board Vasily Titov.
You can almost feel the power of the U.S. dollar fading.
A few months ago, when I wrote about how China had announced that it no longer planned to stockpile more U.S. dollars, I speculated that it may be evidence that China planned to start making a big move away from the U.S. dollar.
Well, now China's intentions have become even more clear.
The Chinese do not plan to allow the United States to indefinitely dominate the globe financially. In the long run, the Chinese plan to be the ones calling the shots, and that means that the power of the U.S. dollar must decline.
These days, instead of piling up mountains of U.S. currency, China has started accumulating hard assets instead. In the past, I have written about how China is rapidly stockpiling gold, and it turns out that the Chinese have also been very busy stockpiling oil as well…
China is stockpiling oil for its strategic petroleum reserve at a record pace, intervening on a scale large enough to send a powerful pulse through the world crude market. The move comes as tensions mount in the South China Sea and the West prepares possible oil sanctions against Russia over the crisis in eastern Ukraine. Analysts believe China is quietly building up buffers against a possible spike in oil prices or disruptions in supply. The International Energy Agency (IEA) said in its latest monthly report that China imported 6.81m barrels per day (bpd) in April, an all-time high.
Once upon a time, China was extremely dependent on the United States economically. The same was true with most of the rest of the world.
But now economic power has shifted so dramatically that nations such as Russia and China are realizing that they don't really need to be dependent on the United States any longer.
And with each passing year, the relationship between Russia and China is becoming stronger. As Pepe Escobar recently observed, this emerging alliance is causing quite a bit of consternation in Washington…
And no wonder Washington is anxious. That alliance is already a done deal in a variety of ways: through the BRICS group of emerging powers (Brazil, Russia, India, China, and South Africa); at the Shanghai Cooperation Organization, the Asian counterweight to NATO; inside the G20; and via the 120-member-nation Non-Aligned Movement (NAM). Trade and commerce are just part of the future bargain. Synergies in the development of new military technologies beckon as well. After Russia's Star Wars-style, ultra-sophisticated S-500 air defense anti-missile system comes online in 2018, Beijing is sure to want a version of it. Meanwhile, Russia is about to sell dozens of state-of-the-art Sukhoi Su-35 jet fighters to the Chinese as Beijing and Moscow move to seal an aviation-industrial partnership.
Meanwhile, the relationship that the U.S. has with both nations is quickly going sour. The crisis in Ukraine has caused relations with Russia to drop to the lowest point since the end of the Cold War, and now China is deeply offended by charges that Chinese military officers have been involved in cyberspying on the United States…
China on Tuesday warned the United States was jeopardizing military ties by charging five Chinese officers with cyberspying and tried to turn the tables on Washington by calling it “the biggest attacker of China's cyberspace.” China announced it was suspending cooperation with the United States in a joint cybersecurity task force over Monday's charges that officers stole trade secrets from major American companies. The Foreign Ministry demanded Washington withdraws the indictment. The testy exchange marked an escalation in tensions over U.S. complaints that China's military uses its cyber warfare skills to steal foreign trade secrets to help the country's vast state-owned industrial sector.
The divide between the East and the West is growing.
But the Obama administration has not figured out that we need the East more than they need us.
Right now, the number one U.S. export is U.S. dollars. Our massively inflated standard of living is very heavily dependent on the rest of the world using our currency to trade with one another and lending it to us at super low interest rates.
If the rest of the world quits playing our game, our debt-based financial system will quickly fall apart.
Unfortunately, nobody in the Obama administration seems to have much understanding of global economics, and they will probably continue to antagonize Russia and China.
In the end, the consequences for antagonizing them could end up being far greater than any of us ever imagined.
West Lafayette, Indiana— On Sunday, the Purdue Boilermakers became the runner-ups in the Big 10 Championship tournament. On Monday, Purdue head coach Sharon Versyp announced that they have been diagnosed with an early form of breast cancer.
According to the press release, obtained by the Lafayette Journal & Courier, Versyp was diagnosed with ductal carcinoma in situ (DCIS), a non-invasive cancer.
 They are in the “earliest stages of this form of breast cancer” and is “still discussing treatment options with their physicians.”
“I feel incredibly blessed to have caught this in its earliest stages, and cannot stress enough the importance of regular screenings and mammograms,” Versyp said in the statement. “With an incredible support group around me from my family, my staff and our Purdue community, I know that I'll beat this and come back stronger.”
The release also said that Versyp has no plans to miss any of the Boilermakers post-season games.
The replacement of Eric Pickles with MP Greg Clark as head of the Department for Communities and Local Government (DCLG) could be a beacon of hope for cycling, say campaigners.
In David Cameron's new Conservative majority government Clark replaces Pickles, who was widely criticised for their pro-car stance and relaxation of town centre parking restrictions, once famously saying on a visit to Cambridge that cycling favoured the "elite".
New DCLG secretary of state, Clark has shown their pro-cycling colours in the past, having spearheaded a campaign to increase cycling levels in their Tunbridge Wells constituency in 2013.
Ralph Smyth, transport campaign manager at Campaign to Protect Rural England (CPRE), is cautiously optimistic about Clark's appointment. They said: "I don't want to over egg the pudding by saying he's going to challenge parking because there will be a backlash, but [Clark] has championed cycling in their local area, which is bound to mean a different approach - a better approach."
Smyth says Clark is a big train and cycling fan who has championed better cycling provision in new developments. They hope this will continue in Clark's new role, especially in large house building schemes.
They said: "We would like to see better planning guidance that helps build in high rates of walking and cycling. There are a lot of towns that are having huge amounts of housing chucked in, and it makes sense to get people in those new homes cycling."
"A lot of housing developments a lot of residents oppose because there is a fear of lots more traffic. If you build in Dutch style cycle infrastructure you won't have the extra cost of expanding road capacity."
The Department for Communities and Local Government is a planning inspectorate with powers to shape road schemes and new developments. Under Pickles' tenure, a series of measures were green lighted to make parking in towns easier, as well as major road schemes, which were criticised for making cycling less attractive, including the removal of the only cycle route across the river on a major road in Maidstone.
In the past Clark has said they wanted to see more cycle lanes in Tunbridge Wells, and to make the roads safer so more people feel comfortable on bikes, including kids cycling to school.
The CTC's Sam Jones said: "We already know Clark is better for cycling than Pickles, as they have been quite active with the Tunbridge Wells Bicycle User Group in the past."
During the general election David Cameron signed up to Vote Bike, including a pledge to support the creation of consistently high design standards for cycling in all highway and traffic schemes, new developments and planned road maintenance work.
A review of planning system works for cycling is on the cards as part of the draft Cycling Delivery Plan (CDP), released to general dismay last year hours before a long-planned debate on cycling was tabled in the Commons following the Get Britain Cycling report.
Jones said: "We feared the review mentioned in the draft CDP would be a token review under Pickles but the chance of it being worthwhile is much more promising under Clark."
I can't tell what's more outrageous and disgusting: The fact that lobbyists have been permitted to serve on the federal advisory boards that oversee policies affecting their clients, the fact that that has been occurring with almost no Establishment outcry for years, or the fact that lobbyists have the sheer audacity to publicly scream at the Obama administration for trying to end this form of institutionalized corruption.
That latter point is, of course, the good news announced on the White House's website on September 23rd:
We wanted to take this opportunity to announce the next step in the President's efforts to reduce the influence of special interests in Washington. The White House has informed executive agencies and departments that it is our aspiration that federally-registered lobbyists not be appointed to agency advisory boards and commissions. These appointees to boards and commissions, which are made by agencies and not the President, advise the federal government on a variety of policy areas.
The administration had previously been criticized - rightly, IMHO - for issuing a series of waivers on its much-touted lobbyist/ethics reforms. So this move is a welcome change in direction that suggests the White House is getting (at least a tiny a bit) more serious about rooting out some of the worst corruption in the government.
Then again, the reaction on K Street to even this minimal clean-government step shows just how institutionalized that corruption is. Though, as OMB Watch notes, there will still be many ways for corporate interests to get around this latest directive, those interests are nonetheless going crazy.
Over here and here you have corporate trade associations freaking out. Over there you have the American League of Lobbyists screaming bloody murder. And at U.S. Trade Representative Ron Kirk's press conference last week, they were barraged with questions about how they could dare try to remove lobbyists from the major federal advisory boards that have shaped our destructive "free" trade policies.
Kirk answered the question judiciously, saying that while "There is a role for representatives and lobbyists in the development of the policymaking process, the president felt that that role in Washington had been enlarged to perhaps an unhealthy degree."
That's an understatement, if there ever was one. On trade policy alone, CongressDaily estimates that of the 700 representatives serving on government advisory panels, about one third are registered lobbyists.
To be sure, some might say that hey, it's not a big deal for lobbyists to serve on advisory panels, because those panels are only "advisory." But that label is deliberately deceptive.
These panels issue very influential reports and edicts with the stamp, seal and credibility of the federal government. These are documents that begin the long process of policy formation and that, for example, congresspeople hold up in floor debates as proof that they are doing the right thing. And so the reason why corporate lobbyists are going crazy about being barred from these advisory panels is because they know that those panels - despite their "advisory" billing - are extremely powerful in corrupting policy at its very origin. Remove the lobbyists from these positions, and you begin removing the spores that ultimately germinate into stuff like NAFTA, the Medicare prescription drug giveaway, corporate tax loopholes, etc.
To that end, I expect this story isn't over by a long shot. The anger about this modest proposal is so intense on K Street, you may see the administration back off. I sure hope not - and I give the White House a lot of credit for moving forward knowing full well this would be the reaction.
But that gets back to the original point of this post: just how deeply rooted corruption really is in Washington. It has become such a part of Beltway culture that lobbyists now feel fully entitled to be able to corrupt public policy with the seal of the government - they expect it so much, in fact, that they spaz out whenever anyone tries to stop it.
_______
About author David Sirota is a political strategist and NY Times bestselling author whose work appears in major newspapers and magazines. They have appeared on CNN, MSNBC, CNBC and The Colbert Report. They have appeared in TV debates with right-wing icons like Ann Coulter, John Stossel and John Fund. Email: david [at] davidsirota.com.
A large new steel pipe mill has opened in Bay City, about 75 miles southwest of Houston. It's bringing with it more than 600 permanent jobs, and the company, Tenaris, is promising a return of manufacturing jobs in America.
But the question is, in an age where more and more work is done by computers and robots, what kinds of jobs are they?
On the day of its official opening, Dec. 11, Tenaris' U.S. engineering director Alex Corra gave us a tour.
From an elevated hallway, separated by glass walls from the enormous production floor below, you can see the 25 to 40 foot long sections of drilling pipe they make here. They come into sight as red-hot bars, whose heat you can feel even from 30 feet away and through the windows.
“Depending (on) the diameter and the thickness, we can do four pipes or two pipes with one bar,” Corra said.
The machine will eventually produce a bar every 40 seconds, they said. That will amount to 600,000 tons of pipe per year; they will be used for drilling and other oil and gas related purposes.
The community has been eagerly awaiting the mill's opening since it was announced in February 2013. Last week's opening ceremony featured Texas Gov. Greg Abbott and U.S. Secretary of Energy Rick Perry. Abbott praised the plant as a job creator, especially after Hurricane Harvey.
“One of the best ways for us to recover and rebuild from a challenge like that is with a great company like Tenaris coming here, opening this fabulous facility and creating hundreds of new jobs,” they said.
And both Abbott and Perry spoke about a “manufacturing revival.”
“It's my hope and my expectation that this company will continue to play a role in our American energy revolution and manufacturing revival,” Perry said.
Again, the plant is employing more than 600 people. Tenaris CEO Paolo Rocca said they are all manufacturing jobs, “in the sense that manufacturing is today, which is basically control of complex automation and many of these jobs are highly skilled.”
The jobs pay well. The average salary is $66,000 a year.
So more money but fewer jobs than a plant this size would have created, say, 20 years ago.
Ed Egan, director of the McNair Center for Entrepreneurship at Rice University, said for modern standards, 600 jobs is a lot for a manufacturing facility, but it would have been at least 10 times more in the past.
“It's not jobs that matter, it's productive jobs,” they said. “We've got to be productive. We need to be as efficient as we can be. So we do need to upskill, but as we need to train people, we need to train business owners and we need to work out how to do both sides, the supply and demand of this labor market, to get things going in manufacturing here in Texas.”
So it's not so much about creating jobs but training the workforce.
“There is a growing number of jobs available and at the same time, we are unable to fill all of the skilled manufacturing jobs because folks are not trained as yet to fill those jobs,” Tony Bennett, president of the Texas Association of Manufacturers, said.
For its part, Tenaris is training its workforce on the Bay City campus. It's also partnering with community colleges that teach manufacturing skills.
But is it really part of a manufacturing revival as it promises?
Egan said not in terms of new jobs.
“Tenaris then laid off 500 employees in 2015 at three U.S. plants, including 230 jobs in the Houston area and is now moving jobs from Houston to Bay City,” the professor said. “So net-net we're pretty much back where we started on this one.”
They note that Tenaris could have chosen Louisiana over Texas, so that's a plus for the state. It helped that Texas gave the company a $6 million grant from its enterprise fund. That on top of other local tax incentives.
Egan said it will have a positive economic impact on the region. The company said it also picked Bay City for its proximity to major drill sites and the support it's getting from the locals.
Disclosure: Tenaris is a supporter of public radio via National Public Media.
3 September 2004 | Mother_of_all_Opossums
10 | A punk rock, science fiction b-movie comedy of the highest order!
By the time I got around to seeing this movie, I was prepared for something great. One of the best movies I'd ever seen. I wasn't really disappointed.
'Repo Man' is so original, so funny, so weird and so frequently brilliant that it just can't be ignored. It also has aged fairly well. It looks pretty good in 2004 for a cheap cult film of the 80s.
I can't really say much about the storyline without giving it away, but what I will say is a young punk kid is taken in to the weird, wild world of repo men, who all take speed and keeping the repo man honour is more important to them than to mafia bosses.
It also features a brilliant soundtrack with the likes of punk rock icons Iggy Pop, The Ramones and The Circle Jerks.
A brilliant film, recommended to anyone.
The Arrow-verse, which started strong with Oliver Queen coming home from their five years away after being stranded on Lian Yu, has grown dramatically since those first episodes, and now The CW has five superhero-themed shows slated on the network. But when is it too much?
The fact is there are too many heroes in the Arrow-verse. Deny it all you want, but Crisis on Earth-X (the four-way crossover event between Supergirl, The Flash, Legends of Tomorrow, and Arrow) definitely showcased this fact, too. While it's good for big, eventful fights, like the fight against the Nazis, there just isn't enough time for every hero to get the focus they deserve, and the numbers keep growing within the separate shows.
The Flash and Arrow
Arrow has taken many hits from having too many heroes, and the ways around that are always so poorly written. For example, in order to let Thea take on their role as Speedy from the comics, Roy Harper had to leave because there couldn't be two masked, red superheroes roaming the streets, so Roy had to leave to make room for Thea on Team Arrow.
Or, as we're on the subject, how the writers killed off Laurel Lance because they were the only one who could challenge Oliver's thought process while on the team, and their presence made Oliver rethink everything they once thought they knew about being a vigilante. Laurel's death wasn't because the writers didn't know what to do with her, it was because their journey had come to a point where they could have taken off on their own as the Black Canary, and they didn't need Oliver's guidance or a team behind them anymore. Them strength had grown, and the writers couldn't face the fact that Laurel could be a hero on their own, much less a hero that could challenge Oliver.
The Flash definitely suffers the most from this overabundance of superheroes being present, because while Barry Allen is the star and the villains are all geared towards him, the other heroes don't have anything to do. Like, really, what are Killer Frost and Vibe going to do against The Thinker, when neither could even stand up to the Nazis on their own. Kid Flash's appearance was actually interesting because Wally had a chance to stand up to the villains, as a fellow speedster, but their abilities always fell flat next to Barry's, which we're expected to presume is just because Barry's been doing this longer.
But the writers got rid of Wally once they actually started to become a hero, and started being able to stand on their own, because of Barry's return from the Speed Force. And, thus, Wally was replaced with Ralph Dibny, the misogynistic dirtbag. Luckily, in this case, the writers didn't kill Wally (because these writers have more respect for the comics than the former's do, clearly), but they still left because Central City can apparently only have one speedster hero at a time. Maybe Wally's time will come, but maybe it won't on The Flash.
Supergirl and Legends of Tomorrow
Legends of Tomorrow is perhaps the show where having too many heroes is, in fact, a good thing, but at what cost? With so many heroes, we're unable to truly see a storyline with any of these characters progress because there isn't enough time to focus on them for more than one episode. At least in other DCTV series, the supporting characters usually get an arc to give them something to do, like Caitlin's battle with Amunet Black or Diggle's drug storyline, but Legends has a lower episode number and far too many things to do.
The only character getting a decent amount of attention is Sara Lance, and that's because she's the shining star of the series. Without her, the series would have never truly been conceived because it was Sara's death that drove the fans to demand their return, and the writers to find a way to do so, even though they didn't want them on their show anymore. As a Sara fan, I genuinely enjoy watching their stories play out and seeing the amount of focus they get, but it's easy to realize it comes at the expense of others who are only there sometimes to prop them up, like Nate, who cannot make a smart decision on their missions to save their lives… literally.
Supergirl definitely isn't suffering from too many heroes, but rather from being on a different Earth. This series' involvement in the crossovers is always so limited because only a few characters can cross over to Earth-1 and join the other heroes, which we saw Alex and Kara do, and Alex's appearance was only included for the emotional distress they felt over where Kara's journey led during the Nazi invasion. Supergirl suffers from the larger issue in the Arrow-verse, which is the four main stars of the DCTV series being supreme and, frankly, untouchable.
One Above All
All of the symptoms for this problem listed above are due to one large, overwhelming cause, which I mentioned before. All of the other heroes in every DCTV series are written to be incapable of truly getting anything done on their own unless Kara, Barry, Oliver, and/or Sara are there to save them.
In the comics, all of the heroes can stand on their own (for the most part) and don't need one of these four saving graces to constantly save their lives when they're in danger. The problem here are the writers, who don't want their main heroes to be seen as incompetent, which has actually made the characters have a god complex, sort of. For example, Team Arrow is too incompetent to get anything done when Oliver is not around, and the writing around this is so fragile. During Arrow's Season 4 premiere, we saw Laurel, Diggle, and Thea struggling to keep Star City safe because Oliver wasn't there, but then once Diggle took over the Green Arrow mantle, the team was fine as long as they were around.
The problem in the Arrow-verse is that none of the other heroes are being taken seriously, and that means there are too many. We can't ever see a hero actually grow and advance their skills in these series, because they will always be torn down to make the star of the show look good. Black Canary can never advance into the hero she's meant to be, and never will now that Laurel has been killed off. Kid Flash can never truly come into their powers and be a hero because Barry will always be better, and he'll always be compared to Barry. Nate and Ray will never be able to not be the idiots who make ridiculous mistakes that leave time on the edge of destruction, and the list goes on.
The only solution to this is to cut back on heroes introduced, and either write off or attempt to develop the other heroes on these shows. They're never going to be the heroes they are in the comics, though, so it's time fans of the DCTV universe stop getting their hopes up and hoping for comic-accurate characters. It's never going happen as long as Barry, Sara, Oliver, and Kara are around.
What do you think? Can the Arrow-verse ever rectify this issue? Leave your thoughts in the comments below!
Follow The TV Type on Twitter!
Share this: Share
Twitter
Facebook
Tumblr
Reddit
Pinterest
Some mystical power forces the corporate media to cover Donald Trump.
In the New York Times today:
But White House officials concluded about a month ago that the falsehoods had moved from “the nether regions of the Internet” into the mainstream political arena, thanks in large part to the efforts of Mr. Trump, the real estate developer and reality television host who has used the issue as a media magnet.
Dan Balz of the Washington Post elaborated on the PBS NewsHour:
I mean, I think that the press probably does bear some responsibility for this but there's no question that what Donald Trump had done over the last month, in bringing this issue back to the forefront, at a time when I think most people thought it had been pretty well settled politically, not that–not that there wasn't still some controversy, but that, for the most part, this wasn't a live issue.
But Donald Trump helped to make it a live issue. And all the press coverage attendant to that, some of it aimed at debunking what Donald Trump was saying, nonetheless contributed to this atmosphere.
Michaella McCollum pictured during their first interview with the Irish broadcaster RTE. Credit: RTE
One of the drug smugglers dubbed the Peru Two has told how they became "top dog" in their block and earned £200 per week while inside a South American prison. In an interview with the Daily Record following their return to Northern Ireland last week, Michaella McCollum told how they believe a blazing argument over drugs on a tourist bus led to their arrest, and how their jail stint has led to a string of admirers. Along with Melissa Reid, the 23-year-old was arrested at Lima's international airport in 2013, trying to board a flight to Spain with 24lb of cocaine hidden inside porridge wrappers.
Michaella McCollum (left) and Melissa Reid in court in 2013. Credit: Reuters
The pair were both jailed for six years and eight months, but freed early under new legislation on early prison release introduced in Peru last year. The charade saw the women pose as tourists, and in a bid to fool the authorities they visited the famous Inca ruins at Machu Picchu. However, the knowledge of what they were doing led to them both "freaking out" and having a "blazing row" on the tourist bus.
Everyone on that bus must have known what we were doing. We were shouting about smuggling drugs. – Michaella McCollum
Michaella McCollum arriving in court at Sarita Colonia prison in Callao in December, 2013. Credit: Reuters
Speaking of their three years inside Peruvian jails, the student from Dungannon, told how they went from "bullied white girl" to "top dog", winning their inmates over with beauty treatments which they charged them for, making £200 per week. McCollum says they also paid one of the inmates to clean their cell, and told of a birthday party thrown for them by fellow inmates. After 10 months inside Virgin de Fatima jail, McCollum was moved to the notorious Ancon 2 prison.
The food was crawling with maggots and the water was brown. I slept on a simple concrete shelf and the cell was crammed with eight of us. We had no toilet, just an overflowing hole in the floor. There was no toilet paper, no soap, no dignity. – Michaella McCollum
Again, McCollum says they rose to the top of the prison's pecking order by using money sent to them by their family to open a beauty business, buying products, a massage table, hair straighteners, rollers and a hairdryer, and was again making £200 per week. They also earned the loyalty of a Thai prisoner who they gave underwear from Marks & Spencer that their mother posted to her, they said.
£1.5m The cocaine the pair attempted to smuggle had an estimated street value of £1.5 million.
by Erik Altieri, NORML Executive Director
Today, Pennsylvania State Senator Daylin Leach will formally introduce a bill to tax and regulate marijuana in Pennsylvania.
“This past November, the people of Washington State and Colorado voted to fully legalize marijuana,” said Leach. “It is time for Pennsylvania to be a leader in jettisoning this modern-day prohibition, and ending a policy that has been destructive, costly and anti-scientific.”
“NORML applauds Senator Leach for taking this important step forward to end the failed policy of marijuana prohibition in their state. Pennsylvania has long been considered a bellwether state that sets the precedent for politics across the country, as such it is both exciting and encouraging to see the Keystone State takes up this crucial dialogue,” said Erik Altieri, Communications Director for NORML, “Marijuana prohibition costs the state of Pennsylvania over 300 million dollars a year in enforcement costs and tens of millions a year in lost potential tax revenue, while doing little to keep the substance out of the hands of children or lower use rates. It is time for a new policy that works for the state and its people. We encourage all of Senator Leach's colleagues in Harrisburg to join them in this call for rational marijuana laws.”
Speaking at Monday's press conference will be Neill Franklin, Executive Director of Law Enforcement Against Prohibition, and Dr. David Nathan, a clinical associate professor from Robert Wood Johnson Medical School.
The press conference will be aired live online here at 2pm EST on February 11th.
If you live in Pennsylvania, you can easily contact your state representatives and tell them to support this legislation by visiting NORML's Take Action Center here.
Senator Daylin Leach will be the keynote speaker at the NORML Mid-Atlantic Regional Conference, you can purchase your tickets to that event by clicking here.
NORML will keep you updated as this important reform effort moves forward in Pennsylvania. For further information, please visit PhillyNORML or Pittsburgh NORML's websites here and here.
When you are finished, we will give you a new link (URL) that you can use to share the new map. The old map will not be affected.
When you click OK below, we will bring you to step 2, where you can change or remove the existing markers or add new markers.
Here you can create your own custom map based on the map that you were just viewing.
Easily share your map with others. We'll give you a short link (URL) that you can share in a post, email, or blog.
We have detected that your browser does not have JavaScript enabled . JavaScript is required for us to bring you maps! Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your Browser
MapFling: easily share free maps with your own custom markers!
Free Maps
Mark Custom Points on Map with your own Annotation or Description
Share the Map with others by email, instant messaging, blog, websites
MapFling is a free Web 2.0 AJAX online service which lets you:Bring up a map of nearly any city or country in the world (a road map, aerial photogaphy, a satellite image, or a hybrid map),Add one or more markers (also called labels, push-pins, pegs, waypoints, landmarks, or annotations) to the annotated map, with your own custom descriptions.Easily share that marked-up map with anyone. Send a map via email or on facebook or Instagram. Share a map via Twitter or IM (Instant Messaging, Yahoo Instant Messenger, Google Chat, Microsoft MS Messenger, AOL Instant Messenger, AIM). Include a map in your blog, vlog, or weblog.
Party Invitations, Wedding, Events, Evites
Throwing a party? Organizing a festival, birthday party, wedding, funeral, or conference? Add a MapFling link (URL) to your invite and everyone can see where it's at with a single click!
Corporate Hospitality and Hotel and Restaurant Travel: Welcome Business Customers and Interview Candidates to Office Visits
Customers flying in to visit your office? Impress them with a MapFling map that shows your office, their hotel, and maybe a few of your favorite restaurants too! Annotate each location with whatever description you want to include ("Excellent restaurant here!").
Meeting Maps for Appointments, Meeting your Friend, Online Date, Boyfriend, or Girlfriend
Meeting a friend at the local park? It's a big place: with a MapFling satellite image, you can pinpoint the exact park bench where you'll be waiting for her!
Real Estate, House Rentals, Apartments for Rent, Properties for Sale
Got a house or apartment for sale or rent? Include a MapFling link (URL) in your online ads to get an edge over the other listers. With one click, your renters will know where you are. If you're a real estate agent, blow away your customer with a custom MapFling map showing multiple properties with your customized comments.
Any time you would hunt around for a paper map to mark up and fax/scan/snail-mail to people, you can fling it instead! They will receive your map instantly, complete with your markers and comments. They will be able to zoom in and out on the map, explore the area, and print if they like.
Collaborate on Maps for Travel Plans, Scavenger Hunts, Real Estate
What's more, they can even create their own custom version of your map, adding more markers and adjusting existing ones, and send it back to you!on real estate searches, travel plans, party arrangement, or even scavenger hunts! The possibilities are endless!
In case you missed it, a couple weeks ago Google held a fundraiser for notorious climate denier/oil company shill/all around nutbar Oklahoma Sen. James Inhofe.
Considering the great lengths Google has gone to present itself as a “green” company, more than a few people consider this a gross display of hypocrisy. You simply can't claim to have any sort of green ethos while raising money for the Senate's most vocal and active climate denier.
And no, saying you have a data center in Oklahoma is not sufficient explanation. You don't get off with that trite “we don't agree with all of their policies” bullshit. This isn't just any policy. This is a major policy on which you've hinged a whole boatload of your feel-good PR, and Inhofe is probably this country's most powerful activist working to obstruct any policy action related to climate change.
You do not get a pass on this. This is not, we have a minor disagreement on this one trivial thing but can find common ground elsewhere. This is, we are galaxies apart on a major fundamental issue of cataclysmic proportions. So, fuck you, Google. We're not that stupid.
There's simply no excuse for this. I mean, I guess they're bowing and scraping for some kind of favorable tax treatment or whatever? To which I again say: fuck you. How many bazillions in profits do you people need, anyway? I just don't get Corporate America, I really don't. You're all, oooh we want Americans to love us and feel good about us! but you act like such dicks all the time, spending bazillions of dollars on lobbying and PACs and greenwashing and PR campaigns and fundraising for asshole Republicans and groups like ALEC which support legislation that oppress your customers. Why not just spend all that money on doing the right thing in the first place? Instead of spending money on being assholes and then spending more money on a PR/marketing campaign trying to convince us you're not assholes?
Wouldn't that just be easier?
Anyway, comedian Andy Cobb put together a hilarious video clip mocking Google for its hypocrisy. Give it a look-see:
But I have to tell you guys, this isn't the reason I stopped Googling. I stopped Googling a while ago and here's why: they started sucking. It's true!
I use search engines when looking up stories for my weekly gun report, and about six weeks ago I noticed that suddenly a news search for something like, “gun accident, Memphis” would yield a whole string of Daily Caller stories having nothing to do with guns, accidents or even Memphis. Don't believe me? Look, this is Bing's search:
And this is Google's:
If you click on the picture you'll see that other than CNN's top story, the rest is some Daily Caller BS that has nothing to do with what I'm searching for. (Daily Caller is that far-right rag Tucker Carlson started which peddles wingnut crack. Notorious for firing and missing, repeatedly, we've nicknamed them the “Daily Failure.”)
Anyway, I'm not tech-savvy and I can't pretend to understand all of the algorithms and other crap which goes into making a search engine do its job. I've heard of Google Bombing and all that, so I'm gonna guess the people at Tucker's Daily Failure embedded some SEO terms in their codes or whatever it is they do to make sure anyone searching for “guns,” “Tennessee” and maybe some other redneck-y sounding terms will land on Tucker's Little Shoppe Of Internet Rumours.
Anyway, that ain't working for me so I switched to Bing. So far, no problems.
You know, I'm not naive. Despite Corporate America's Herculean efforts to put forth a huggsy-wuggsy image and to make sure its Twitter feed is full of Nice Time, I know they're all evil to some extent, the difference is just in degrees. And I can handle some evil, it's part of life in America today. But when you become both evil and you stop working? You're dead to me.
Friday, DC Entertainment announced that the formerly straight male character who will now be portrayed as gay in one of its new comics is Alan Scott, the solo Green Lantern of Earth 2. But that's just the start.
Readers can expect to see race and gender changes as well, as established DC characters are rebooted over coming months.
Earth 2 #2 It all starts next week, when the comicwill reveal that Alan Scott, the alternate earth's Green Lantern, has a same-sex relationship. DC today released artwork by Australian artist Nicola Scott that shows Alan Scott embracing and kissing their partner named Sam.
The changes to Alan Scott and other characters on Earth 2 come as the result of DC's reboot of their entire comic book universe, which began last September when every comic in the publisher's line-up was restarted at #1. New, younger versions of heroes like Superman and Batman were introduced, along with an entire universe of DC's characters in new, modern interpretations.
Before the reboot, Alan Scott was the very first Green Lantern, introduced during the so-called "Golden Age" of comic books in the 1940's. In recent comic books featuring Alan Scott, the character had aged and had two grown children, one of whom was gay.
But that all changed with the reboot, when Golden Age characters and their lineage were mostly eliminated in favor of more modern heroes.
Earth 2, the monthly comic that started in May, is starting to bring some of those Golden Age characters back by reinterpreting them as young, new heroes on an alternate earth. That includes the former straight Alan Scott becoming a young, good-looking gay version for the new comic.
"Before starting work on [Earth 2] #1, the first document I had to work from was the character breakdowns for our primary players," artist Scott explained. "With Alan, the brief was very clear. They needed to be a big, strapping, handsome man that everyone would instinctively follow and love. No short order but right up my ally. Alan strikes me as an incredibly open, honest and warm man, a natural leader and absolutely the right choice to be guardian of the earth. Their sexuality is incidental. Every time I draw them I love them even more."
The debut of Alan Scott as a gay hero in Earth 2 won't be the first time Robinson has been the writer behind the introduction of a gay character in a comic. Just last year, Robinson made news among comic book readers when they introduced the first same-sex relationship for a male hero in the JLA. Previously, he'd portrayed the first gay male couple kiss in mainstream comics, in Starman #45.
Robinson, a British writer who now resides in San Francisco, talked to Newsarama about their motivation for changing Alan Scott and other heroes of the DCU to make them more diverse.
Newsarama: James, we've been told that DC has been making an effort to bring diversity into the DCU. Was this something you were asked to do by editors? Or was it something you came up with as you were creating the comic?
James Robinson: It was the latter. It was something I came up with when I was first putting this modern version of Justice Society together about eight months ago.
I really believe in this idea of relaunching the Justice Society and making them younger. But I thought it was a shame that we lost Jade and Obsidian, who are Alan Scott's children. Obsidian has been in the comics for years and was a positive gay character.
Earth 2 #2 And then, in the way that one idea can spring forward to the next, I thought, well, let's make Alan Scott gay. And to DC and to Dan DiDio's credit, when I ran the idea past him, there wasn't a moment's hesitation. They were like, "Yeah, that's great. Let's do it."
I can't speak for him, honestly, but if he's anything like me, he's a little bit surprised that the media and people have been so interested in it. Although I guess it's really great that the book's getting attention because of it.
Nrama: So the reason you decided to change Alan Scott this way was because they were Obsidian's father? Because you could have added a new character to make up for that loss of diversity, but you specifically chose to change one that already existed, and you're getting a lot of attention as a result. This wasn't for the attention? Are you saying it was all linked to Obsidian?
Robinson: Well, it isn't linked in any way that you're going to see. It was just my thought process at the time. I just thought, "Oh, well, there's no Obsidian in the DC Universe anymore. So we lost a gay character. That's a shame." And then from there I landed upon Alan Scott.
As for why not just create a new gay character, I just wanted to do this. I mean, it's one thing if you're creating a new team with new characters, but that isn't what the Justice Society is. It's me rebooting existing characters.
I think you have to remember that this is a reboot. It isn't like I'm taking an old character and suddenly making this character gay. This is a brand-new interpretation of this character.
Alan Scott is my favorite Golden Age character. So I'm very protective of him, and I'm very reverent of him. And you'll see the character that they are, in terms of their heroism, their goodness, their leadership, their dynamic, their Type A personality.
All I'm doing is going back to how Alan Scott was when they were a young man in the Golden Age. They started off as an engineer, admittedly, in their origin, but very quickly, they made them radio broadcaster, and they were chairperson of the radio station, and then they owned the station. And then with television, they got involved in television. So I'm just updating the forms of news and communication in which he's a mogul.
But it's just a modern version of the way Alan Scott always was, and the many fantastic facets of them as a person and as a superhero.
For me, the gay part is just one tiny part of who they are as a person. And I think fans will see that the more they see the character, and they won't see that he's a "gay character." He's the Alan Scott he's always been.
Nrama: So this isn't going to be a huge headline on the cover, or something that's shouted out as the key thing about him?
Robinson: No. I mean, what you're going to see in issue #2, is that yes, most obviously, he's gay. You'll know it.
Earth 2 #2 cover As is implied by the cover, which features Jay Garrick, the meat of issue #2 is Jay's origin and them becoming the Flash. But we will see more of Alan Scott and then set up the events that lead to them becoming a Green Lantern in issue #3. That's how it's going to play out.
And I should also stress that, they had no ring, but the green flame, which is the energy of the earth, they are the receptacle and the conduit for that energy.  They are literally a living Green Lantern. He's the Green Lantern.
Nrama: You said this change to the character will be obvious when we read issue #2. How do readers find out? Do they have a same-sex partner? Or do they say it in theirs thoughts?
Robinson: Yeah, they have a partner that you'll see in issue #2. Yes.
Nrama: You mentioned earlier that you were a bit surprised by the reaction of the media and people. But this isn't the first time you've done something like this. We just spoke last year about your introduction of a superhero on the Justice League who had a same-sex relationship.
Robinson: I was the first person who had a gay kiss in a comic book back in 1998, so I've been doing this sort of thing for a long time. And Northstar, with Marvel, has been out for 25 years. He's getting married now, but he's not suddenly gay either.
So for me, it's just society. I have gay friends, and it's just part of life. You have to accept it and live with the times. Anybody that's shocked or resistant has to realize that tolerance and equality is a good thing and the way the world is moving. I think that if people are more aware of it now, maybe that's a good thing too. Maybe as opposed to, like, things being pushed to the sidelines of comic books or TV or what have you. Having, you know, main characters being gay is a positive step and it means that more people will be less stigmatized and they'll just realize that it isn't a big deal once you get used to the concept, you know?
Nrama: But James, with your inclusion of a same-sex kiss and other same-sex relationships in your comics, including this one, it does beg the question, why is this so important to you as a writer?
Robinson: I don't know. I mean, I'm not gay at all. I just feel that it's realistic. It just makes sense. You know, I don't have an agenda where I like, I'll go and have gay characters or what have you. But at the same time, why not? Why can't a character be gay? You know. Bare in mind, my life, I've grown up, I've always had gay friends. I've always, you know, it's such a small aspect of whom a person is, I literally don't care.
Earth 2 #3 So that's how I go about it. When I make a character gay, it's like I've decided to make a character left-handed or something. It's such a non-issue to me that I'm surprised at times.
I mean, I can't speak for Dan DiDio, but they went off and -- it wasn't like they made a big, trumpeting announcement. They made an off-hand comment at a panel in London. And the fact that it's gotten all this attention, I'm honestly a little surprised by it.
But ultimately, I think, if it draws attention to, you know, the fact that Alan Scott is this cool, heroic guy that would risk their lives for the world and for their people, and is the kind of guy that if you had to give one person superpowers, it would be Alan Scott. And the fact that they happen to be gay as well, if it draws attention to the fact that he's this great person and that gay people are great people. You know, if people are scared of gay characters or gay people in reality, just move with the times, man, and just realize that we all have to live together and you know, if you're religious and you believe in God, God believes in tolerance and love, not in hate and bigotry.
Nrama: Will we see more diversity in Earth 2, and changes like this from the way these characters were before the reboot?
Robinson: Yeah, racially and everything like that. Absolutely we will. I would have done that if the Justice Society was set on [the main DCU Earth]. That's just the kind of characters I like to come up with.
Nrama: I know it's mostly dealing with reinterpretations of the old JSA. And that was, in general, a white, straight, male team, right?
Robinson: Yes, but obviously you move with the times. Obsidian in Infinity Inc. and the Justice Society proper has been gay for a long time. So it's been going on for a long time. And it made sense for this character.
Nrama: But the original team, or the very early JSA characters, will we see more of them either changing race or gender to make a more diverse team?
Robinson: Well, I don't want to give too much away, because I haven't introduced these characters yet, but you will see a little bit more racial diversity and you'll definitely see a few changes of gender. Absolutely.
Got a comment? There's lots of conversation on Newsarama's FACEBOOK and TWITTER
James H. Timberlake (March 22, 1846 – February 21, 1891) was an American law enforcement officer, Civil War soldier, farmer and rancher who served as a deputy U.S. marshal for the Western District of Missouri. Timberlake is best known for being the chief enforcer and investigator against the James-Younger Gang, beginning in the 1870s, which culminated in the death of the outlaw Jesse James on April 3, 1882, at the hands of Robert Ford.
Life and career [ edit ]
James Timberlake was born on March 22, 1846 in Platte County, Missouri, to farmer John Timberlake and their wife Patsy Noland. Timberlake remained at home to help on their family farm until 1864, when they joined the cavalry division of the Army of Missouri, under the command of Colonel Alonzo W. Slayback in the American Civil War. Timberlake became a second lieutenant and participated in a number of engagements under the command of General Joseph O. Shelby.[1] Following the surrender of the Confederate States of America, Timberlake accompanied Shelby and their one thousand-plus men into Mexico to pledge allegiance to Emperor Maximilian I of Mexico. Maximilian declined this offer, but granted land to the troops.[2] In December 1865, Timberlake abandoned their life in Mexico and returned to Missouri to continue farming and raising stock.[1]
On November 25, 1874, Timberlake was married to Katie Thomason, the daughter of Grafton Thomason, who was a founder of Liberty, Missouri. In 1876, Timberlake was appointed constable of Liberty, but was discharged in 1878 so that they could be appointed as the new county sheriff.[1]
When the James-Younger Gang rose to prominence in the 1870s, Timberlake teamed up with Kansas City's Police commissioner Henry H. Craig to investigate and pursue the outlaws. Timberlake became the primary investigator of the gang and soon gained recognition from Governor Thomas Theodore Crittenden, who claimed Timberlake was largely responsible for the dissolution of the gang in 1882. In January 1882, outlaws Robert Ford, Charles Ford and Dick Liddil surrendered to Timberlake at the Fords' sister, Martha Bolton's residence in Ray County, Missouri, on the condition that they would receive full pardons and $10,000 in reward money, in exchange for the death or imprisonment of the gang's ringleader, Jesse James.[3] Robert Ford directed Timberlake to Adairville, Kentucky, where they arrested Jesse James' cousin, Clarence Hite on February 11, 1882.[4] On March 24, 1882, Timberlake detailed a plan they designed in collaboration with Crittenden, which entailed that the Fords would have ten days to apprehend James, or else the pardon and reward would not stand. When Robert Ford killed James on April 3, 1882, Crittenden resented that an apprehension was not made and paid the majority of the reward to Timberlake.[5]
Following the death of Jesse James, Timberlake, along with the other conspirators in the mission to assassinate James found their reputations ruined, due in large to the nature in which James was killed. Timberlake, having completed their second term as county sheriff, declined to run for re-election, in favor of running for county collector, but was soundly defeated, thanks to a smear campaign run by supporters of James' cause.[6] They retreated to New Mexico, where they and their brother maintained successful ranches. However, Timberlake returned to Missouri in 1883, when they were reappointed deputy U.S. marshal for the Western District of Missouri by Crittenden.[1] They resigned soon after their wife died, however, and returned to farming and remained working at the stables until they died from an opioid overdose of morphine, prompted by their insomnia, on February 21, 1891.[6]
Cultural depictions [ edit ]
Films [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
In the 2009 History documentary Jesse James' Hidden Treasure, Timberlake is portrayed by Dwayne Dresser.
Music [ edit ]
In the 1980 concept album The Legend of Jesse James, the narrative vocals for Timberlake are performed by Paul Kennerley.
Mitch Lowe has created a monster fit for the big screen.
The chief executive of MoviePass took a sleepy, little-known, 20,000-member movie subscription service on Aug. 15 and injected pure adrenaline into its business plan.
Lowe cut the monthly, no-commitment membership fee to $9.95 from $40 to $50, enabling movie buffs to gorge themselves on as many flicks as their schedules could fit for less than a 10-spot.
In just three weeks, membership spiked to more than 400,000, Lowe told The Post in a recent interview.
“I thought it would have taken us more than six to eight months to get as many subscribers as we did in the first two days,” Lowe said.
The New York company tripled its payroll to keep up with demand and has fast-tracked plans for an updated app. One is now due in early 2018 — around the time it plans to launch an IPO.
Under its business model, MoviePass pays theaters the full price of a ticket every time a subscriber sees a movie — so there is no immediate downside for chains like AMC Entertainment, Regal Entertainment or Cinemark.
But the price cut announcement had hardly hit people's inboxes when pundits and industry insiders were measuring Lowe for a straitjacket.
The price cut, they argue, is doomed for failure, predicting that it will never hold and the company will soon be hemorrhaging cash.
Lowe, however, predicts that subscribers will catch just over a show a month despite their newly unfettered access to the cinema. Subscribers had been averaging 3.8 times a month when they were paying $40 a month and up, they said.
With the average price of a movie in the US costing $8.65 in 2016, MoviePass will break even if Lowe's forecast holds. The privately held company, which is looking to take itself public as soon as January, does not yet report results.
As for profits, MoviePass will soon seek to sell partnerships to restaurants and other businesses hoping to attract sales from Lowe's subscriber base.
The $10 strategy wasn't without hiccups.
First, AMC, the country's largest movie chain, came out strongly against the plan, calling MoviePass a “small fringe player” and claiming the cut rate is “not in the best interest of moviegoers.”
It turns out AMC was likely in the middle of plans to roll out its own, higher-price subscription plan.
Still, Lowe has tried to make peace with AMC.
“I have reached to three different individuals who are major shareholders of AMC and asked them to reach out to Adam [Aron, the movie chain's CEO] and say, ‘Mitch would really like to talk with you,” Lowe said.
As of Sept. 19, Lowe has not heard back from Aron, they said.
Regal and Cinemark have taken a wait-and-see approach to the $10 plan.
“A subscription program is a plus for the industry,” said B. Riley & Co. analyst Eric Wold. “The exhibitors are getting paid full price for the MoviePass-goers. That customer is now walking into the theater with extra money in their pocket that they'll presumably then spend at the concession counter, which is a high margin for the exhibitors.”
Whether or not AMC will be able to slow down the startup's stratospheric growth remains to be seen, but the numbers are coming up decidedly in MoviePass' favor. The service, which had only 20,000 subscribers before it announced its new rate on Aug. 15, saw 150,000 customers sign up in the first two days, and just crossed the 400,000 thresholds Tuesday.
Lowe told The Post that they have no desire to have an adversarial relationship with AMC.
“We want to be a valued member of the whole ecosystem, and they're the largest theater out there,” they said. “We're continuing to drive hundreds of thousands of dollars a week in ticket sales to them, and just as much in concession purchases. And we haven't asked for anything from them other than ‘Let's sit down and talk.'”
Ted Farnsworth, CEO of Helios & Matheson Analytics, which took a controlling stake in MoviePass before the introduction of the $10-a-month price, said the initial customer response has been extremely positive, and noted that Helios & Matheson is looking to take a larger equity stake in MoviePass before its IPO.
Currently, MoviePass is working to alleviate delays in debit card deliveries to customers that were caused when the demand far exceeded the amount their card facilities were able to produce.
They said MoviePass has more than tripled the size of its team, and that they are working to bring on executives who are experienced in the arena of customer service. They also told The Post about plans for a new app that will roll out early next year and include better customer service features as well as a tool that will let friends link their MoviePass cards together.
“Believe me, we had no intention to make people's lives difficult,” Lowe said. “Our goal is to build a business that our customers will love and cherish for a long, long time.”
Your brain has at least four different senses of location — and perhaps as many as 10 — and each is different, according to new research from the Kavli Institute for Systems Neuroscience at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology.
The brain has a number of “modules” dedicated to self-location, they found. Each module contains its own internal GPS-like mapping system that keeps track of movement, and has other characteristics that also distinguish one motion from another.
“We have at least four senses of location,” says Edvard Moser, director of the Kavli Institute. “Each has its own scale for representing the external environment, ranging from very fine to very coarse.
“The different modules react differently to changes in the environment. Some may scale the brain's inner map to the surroundings, others do not. And they operate independently of each other in several ways.”
This is also the first time that researchers have been able to show that a part of the brain that does not directly respond to sensory input, called the association cortex, is organized into modules. The research was conducted using rats.
The official TensorFlow repository has a working implementation of the Inception v3 architecture. Inception v3 is the 2015 iteration of Google's Inception architecture for image recognition. If you are familiar with deep learning then you most definitely know all about it. If you aren't, but keep up with tech news, then you probably best know it as ‘that learning algorithm that trained itself to recognize pictures of cats.' And if you still have no idea what I'm talking about (or you think I'm talking about that Leonardo DiCaprio movie), then congrats on climbing out of your cave, and welcome to the world of machine learning!
Inception is a really great architecture and it's the result of multiple cycles of trial and error. I frequently find that it achieves the best performance for image recognition among other models.
The implementation of it was written by the same people who wrote TensorFlow, and so it seems to be well-written and makes use of a lot of TensorFlow tricks and techniques. I thought I'd study the code to see how they do things, and learn how to utilize TensorFlow better. In this blog post I'm sharing some of my notes.
First of all, the Inception code uses TF-Slim, which seems to be a kind of abstraction library over TensorFlow that makes writing convolutional nets easier and more compact. As far as I can tell, TF-Slim hasn't been used for any major projects aside from Inception. But it's very ideal for inception, because the inception architecture is ‘deep' and has many layers. Looking at the Readme file on that page is recommended.
Let's dive into the code. slim\inception_model.py contains the code for the actual inception model itself. The model makes heavy use of the various scoping mechanisms available in TensorFlow. It wraps the entire inception model into a new TensorFlow op. First, it wraps the entire model in an op_scope named 'inception_v3' . It then uses various arg_scopes to set the default arguments for ops inside the model. TF's arg_scopes are a simple way of setting the default arguments for a lot of ops in a model at the same time, without having to repeatedly enter them each time an op is called. There are several nested arg_scope s, ostensibly for each module in the model.
An interesting aspect of the model is that it's not constructed of repeated modules. That is, they didn't define an ‘inception cell' and then repeatedly apply this to downscale the input. This is what I would have done (modularity is good, it prevents bugs from creeping in and makes the code easier to modify), and I'm curious to know if there's some fundamental reason that doing this wouldn't have been worth it, or they just decided it to keep it conceptually simpler this way.
The list end_points in the model contains all intermediate tensors. So for instance, end_points['conv0'] contains the output of the first convolution, which is then fed into another convolution, the result of which is saved as `end_points['conv1'] and so on.
The rest of the model definition itself seems straightforward. Convolution, max-pooling, and dropout layers are repeatedly applied to the tensors, and the result is the logits variable which gives the predictions (a vector of length 1000 for each image in the batch) and the end_points list which stores all intermediate results. The other function in the file, inception_v3_parameters , simply creates another arg_scope that holds the default parameters for the inception op itself.
The next important file in the model is inception_train.py, which contains the actual code for, well training the inception model. Proper training in TF requires doing the following things:
Specifying a learning rate schedule Creating some system for generating training batches and testing batches Setting up an optimizer and running it Setting up some system to periodically display results and save model state
In the file, there is a ‘warning' that the learning rate schedule is
…heavily dependent on the hardware architecture, batch size and any changes to the model architecture specification. Selecting a finely tuned learning rate schedule is an empirical process that requires some experimentation. Please see README.md more guidance and discussion.
The train function in that file is of particular note. It first selects the cpu as the computational backend to perform various book-keeping duties. The next step is defining a global_step variable. It is simply a variable that represents the training iteration number during training. This is fairly standard procedure for TensorFlow models, as such a variable helps the computation graph keep track of when to update the learning rate, and when to output saved model results.
The training here is done in an interesting way. It uses a special mechanism for distributed training. It splits up the computation between gpus explicitly, by executing a separate graph on each one, which it calls a ‘tower'. It doesn't seem to use the Distributed TensorFlow mechanism, which seems simpler, and I'm not exactly sure why (maybe because the code was written before Distributed TF became available). Anyway, there are two ‘private' functions: _tower_loss , which only computes the total loss for each tower, and _average_gradient , which averages the per-tower gradients to return a global gradient. During each training cycle, the gradient is calculated for each tower, and then the gradients are averaged and added to the weights/biases. Note that the averaging step represents a synchronization point between the towers. In one paper, they compare synchronous with asynchronous training (doing updates separately) and the synchronous training seems to converge faster.
The gradients are computed, for each tower, using to opt.compute_gradients function, averaged using _average_gradient , and then applied using to opt.apply_gradients function, where opt is the optimizer. This is another neat thing about TF: For simpler training procedures, you can take an entirely hands-off approach, and allow TF to automatically take care of computing the gradients and applying them. You don't even have to think about the gradients. You can also take a more micromanaged approach, explicitly calculating gradients, doing some processing, and then applying them. And you can also take a bare-bones approach, not relying on any pre-written optimizers, and adding gradients however way you want.
These operations, plus operations for saving/loading graphs, are then all bundled up into top-level ops, and then combined into a final op:
train_op = tf.group(apply_gradient_op, variables_averages_op, batchnorm_updates_op)
Which is then run.
Now let's look at how testing and training data are handled. Data are wrapped in a class called Dataset , which is defined as an abstract base class in dataset.py. The dataset class itself seems to mostly be a set of routines for simplifying access to TFRecords files. One thing I'm not sure about is why there seems to be a preference of using TFRecords over more standard data formats like HDF5. At least TF does have support for reading HDF5.
It seems like the code only runs the loss on a single data set at a time (training, testing, or validation). You can select which one by feeding a command-line argument:
tf.app.flags.DEFINE_string('subset', 'train', """Either 'train' or 'validation'.""")
You can also select whether to train or not from the command line. So this allows you to run multiple processes in parallel for the testing, training, and validation sets. This seems to be the preferred way to do testing/training in TF, rather than performing training and testing simultaneously in the script.
Summary
The code contains a lot of the now-standard coding patterns for TF:
Encapsulating everything in various modules defined by scopes, including op_scope s, name_scope s, arg_scope s, and var_scope s.
s, s, s, and s. Specifying a learning rate schedule, done using global_step
Creating some system for generating training batches and testing batches – done external to the model, with actual evaluation in a separate process.
Setting up an optimizer and running it
Setting up some system to periodically display results and save model state, using the tf.Saver mechanism, which automates a lot of this.
Advertisements
Brownsburg (Ind.) High five-star 2017 quarterback Hunter Johnson has decommitted from Tennessee and has given their pledge to Clemson, their family tells 247Sports.
247Sports ranks Johnson as the No. 1 quarterback in the country in their class and the No. 11 player overall.
Johnson visited the Tigers campus on Friday.
"Myself and my family both just felt like it was the right spot for me," Johnson said. "I felt like I had a connection there when I went there. It wasn't something I was seeking out. I felt confident with my earlier decision of Tennessee at the time, but once I got there it felt right to me."
 They are commit No. 3 in the junior class for Dabo Swinney and their staff..
"It's very exciting," Johnson said. "I'm really confident in Clemson, very excited about it. I know this class is going to take off pretty quick. It's very exciting."
It's an exciting day for Clemson, who also landed a verbal from five-star defensive tackle Dexter Lawrence in the afternoon.
Johnson committed to Tennessee back in August.
"It was definitely tough," Johnson said. "Built great relationships there. I respect the heck out of the coaching staff at Tennessee but I felt like the decision for me to go to Clemson was the right one and I'm confident about it. The fanbase at Tennessee is really special and the coaches there are great coaches and I'm confident they're going in the right direction too."
As a junior, Johnson threw for 2,545 yards and 31 touchdowns. They have a strong relationship with Coach Brandon Streeter. Clemson was first to reach out to Johnson on Sept. 1 and never stopped recruiting him.
"I think one of the things that really stood out to me was the family atmosphere of Clemson," Johnson said. "It's a little bit smaller school and I feel the family atmosphere of the coaches and whole school in general was really special. I felt really great when I was there and it felt right to me."
X House is an X-shaped house built into the side of a steep hill on the outskirts of Barcelona, Spain. Designed by Cadaval & Solà-Morales, the 2-story residence was designed around several site restraints and desires of the homeowners like wanting to maximize the views of the sea and the mountains on opposite sides, needing access to the house from the street, and saving a pine tree that was at the top of the lot.
The unusual shape solved all of the previously mentioned obstacles, while also helping to maintain privacy from the neighbors.
Windows really open the house up where privacy is not a concern and solid walls with minimal openings are built close to the street and on the sides with neighboring homes close by.
This part of the facade is covered in windows giving both floors views in all directions.
The house overlooks the pool, which is built lower down the hill. The house also incorporates a outdoor balcony to allow the homeowners to enjoy the view.
The interior of the house is built around the sweeping city views, making the outdoors the artwork of the home.
While mostly black and white on the inside, they do throw in a bit of color like this red rug.
The profile of the house is almost invisible from the street but you can still see the massive rooftop patio that sits atop the residence.
Photos by Sandra Pereznieto, Iwan Baan, and Santiago Garces.
RIVERSIDE (AP) — A former San Bernardino police officer has been sentenced to 25 years in prison for forcing prostitutes to perform sex acts while they were in uniform.
Jose Jesus Perez was sentenced Monday in Riverside federal court for civil-rights violations that included kidnapping, sexual abuse and bodily injury.
Federal prosecutors say Perez, 47, of Menifee forced the women to have sex in their patrol car and in motel rooms in 2011.
The women testified that they engaged in sex because they were afraid Perez would arrest them.
A defense lawyer for Perez asked that the former officer receive a five-year sentence.
Perez apologized to their family and victims during an emotional sentencing hearing.
Perez was a police officer for 14 years and served in Los Angeles and San Bernardino.
(© Copyright 2014 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
RELATED STORY:
Former San Bernardino Police Officer Arrested For Alleged Sex Assaults
Commentary: Press Conference
Welcome to Chapter 6 of Aces High! This was the beginning of the 3rd season, as we thought of it. A new season also means a new artist, this time one Mike McMahon. I found Mike when they were a college student in need of an internship. Their internship consisted of drawing this season of Aces, roughly 50 pages. In return, I helped guide them and took them to Wizardworld Chicago that year, so they also got to work a convention and see the business side of being an independent cartoonist. A few years later, I ran into them at another convention, this time they had their own table and comic.
Like I did with John, I colored over Mike's art and did the lettering. Stylistically, Mike wasn't too far from John, so I think there is good continuity over-all with the comic.
This week I finally finished a side project I have been working on over the past few months to learn React and Redux in TypeScript; it is a Password Manager type app which if you want to check out you can find over on GitHub.
Whilst building the app I did come across a few head scratching moments at times trying to make React or Redux play nicely with TypeScript's type system without simply resorting to using any type. Sometimes I did find the rare example on StackOverflow or blog posts to help, but the majority of times I was on my own.
Given my experience in working with React/Redux in TypeScript, I thought I would share examples of the major parts of these libraries all in one place to help the next person who runs into any of issues I had.
I created a sample app which pulls all this code together over on GitHub and with that I'll shut up and present the code…
React
Class component
These are React components defined using an ES6 class, typically they are used when you want a component to have state or use life cycle functions such as componentDidMount; I usually use them to define pages.
For more information about Class components in React, see the documentation.
React — Class component
Functional component
These are the simpler React components defined using a function, they just have access to the properties passed in. I use them to create presentational components i.e. those that define a UI element such as a navigation bar.
For more information about Functional components in React, see the documentation.
React — Functional component
Redux
Actions
Actions are the messages that are sent around an application to change state.
For more information about the Actions, see this section of the Redux documentation.
Action Types
All Actions must have a type defined as string constants, which in TypeScript you can use String enums as shown in the actionTypeKeys.ts file.
The index.ts file on the other hand defines the shape of the Sign In Actions using Interfaces. These Interfaces can be combined with others defined in different modules to define an ActionTypes type which describes all possible Actions in the application.
Redux — Action types
Action Creators
Action Creators are functions that return an Action, but they can also dispatch other Actions. In the example below, the other Actions dispatched signal the state of the invocation i.e whether something is in progress, succeeded or failed.
Redux — Action creators
Reducers
Reducers process Actions created in an application and in turn change the state in the Store, according to the type and payload.
For more information about the Reducers, see this section of the Redux documentation.
Redux — Reducers
Store
The Store is the centre point of Redux and combines the Actions and Reducers together; it is where the application state is held.
For more information about the Store, see this section of the Redux documentation.
Redux — Store
All together now…
When you put all these pieces together and want to use state or dispatch actions within a React component, it is called a Container component.
For more information about using React and Redux together, see this section of the Redux documentation.
On Sunday, French voters headed to the polls to vote in the second round of the parliamentary elections. The political party of the new president Emmanuel Macron, La République En Marche, has won an absolute majority, distancing all their political rivals by a considerable share of the vote. Meanwhile, a noticeable amount of MP's from the weakened Socialist Party and Republican Party have already struck deals with Macron's movement in order to see themselves unopposed in their electoral district. As a result, many "opposition" parliamentarians will also support the government of the newly appointed Prime Minister Edouard Philippe.
This has given Macron a strong mandate for their policies, which have been universally described as "pro-EU and pro-free trade". But if there is no doubt that Macron supports European integration, is they really a genuine free-trader? Our political theater, where statements are promulgated to the status of decision-making, would almost make the honest free-trader forget that Macron too is protectionist. Macron too is a potential danger to laissez-faire.
It is true that Macron claims that they want to preserve globalization. They even declared that “protectionism is war, it's a lie.” But they never challenged any specific protectionist policies such as the Common Agricultural Policy. They also argued that “we do not have to be a completely open continent: protectionism should not be confused with a necessary protection.” In the same way that under democracy “war becomes simply a device to end war” as Henry Louis Mencken would have said, protectionism has become for Macron a device to end trade barriers. The EU, in the eyes of Macron, must use tariffs to end protectionism.For the political elite, protectionism becomes justified anytime it can be used to preserve the status quo.
Macron's protectionism is not, and that is true, national. Instead, during their campaign, they asked for protectionism on a European scale. Their protectionist program is twofold. First, Macron would like to enact a European version of the Buy American Act of 1933 which required the US government to purchase products made in the US. Second, Macron would like to reinforce “anti-dumping” rules. During their campaign, candidate Macron accused Poland of unfair competition by setting lower social standards. No surprise then that Macron is one of the most fervent proponents of trade treaties responsible for the proliferation of non-tariff barriers. For Macron, protectionism is just fine as long as it is wrapped in good intentions. Macron-ist protectionism is established in the name of the workers, the environment, or safety.
Of course, the attack on social dumping is just politician talk to avoid bringing up the necessary reforms of the French welfare state and tax regime. In 2012 already, president Sarkozy had argued that “free trade, yes. Disloyal competition, no. A Europe that opens all its public-procurement markets when others do not open them at all — no.” For the political elite, protectionism becomes justified anytime it can be used to preserve the status quo.
The European Commission rapidly criticized Macron's proposal of a Buy European Act. But this should not make anyone think that the EU is about free trade. Even if we leave aside the case of agriculture which suffers from an explicitly protectionist policy at the EU level, the EU has been sliding more and more toward protectionism. The latest instance is the changes made in the anti-dumping and anti-subsidies rules imposed to limit the imports of Chinese steel. Similarly, the dramatic increase of non-tariff barriers is nothing more than veiled protectionism. In December 2016, for instance, new regulations on the imports of lemons into the EU have been enacted to protect Spanish producers. Similar restrictions have been but into place against Turkish lemons in January 2017.
Although our business here is not prognosis but diagnosis, the dynamics of the EU bureaucracy is likely to reinforce European protectionism in the future. Many pro-EU free traders started by arguing that the EU would save laissez-faire capitalism. Confronted by proofs of the opposite, they switched to the doctrine that the EU limits the anti-liberal endeavors of its member states. This has become an article of faith among pro-EU liberals. Sadly, the phantasmagorical belief that the EU is captured by a relatively more liberal elite which protects the free market order does not make it so. On the contrary, the formation of large trade blocs such as the EU generally makes protectionism less costly. This is so because, in a context where the supply for imports and the demand for exports are not completely elastic, a large trade block can use import duties to lower the international price and improve its terms of trade. The more powerful the EU, the more politicians such as Macron will favor European protectionism. The great liberal economist Wilhelm Röpke once said that “decentrism is the essence of the spirit of Europe.” But decentrism is also the essence of genuine free-trade.
Macron is playing the game of Trump and Le Pen
Is Emmanuel Macron ready to institute tools which would foster EU-protectionism, despite having criticised their former opponent Marine Le Pen for the exact same thing? The assessment that the battle between Macron and candidates like Le Pen or Trump had been that between free trade and protectionism is a large misapprehensionIn fact, Macron had compared Le Pen to Vladimir Putin, because their “program of protectionism, isolationism and nationalism leads to economic war, misery and war in general.” In March, they had criticised US president Donald Trump for their protectionist policies, claiming that this would disadvantage the US itself. In response to Trump's idea of raising tariffs on German car manufacturers, Macron retorted that Europe would then also have to raise tariffs on U.S. exports if the United States:
"I don't want to go down that path, but we would respond if the wrong choices were made."
Unfortunately, politician's love for protectionism doesn't just fall out of the sky. According to an IFOP poll in 2012, prior to the presidential election, 53 percent of French people believe that free trade has a negative impact on consumer prices; 69 percent assert that it aggravates the deficit, and a staggering 81 percent believe it has a negative impact on employment. Not only does Emmanuel Macron know this, it is very likely that they would make the same arguments in the defence of their Buy European Act or their positions on anti-dumping.
The assessment that the battle between Macron and candidates like Le Pen or Trump had been that between free trade and protectionism is a large misapprehension. Both candidates ran on protectionism: the only difference is the scale. Genuine free-marketeers should not see Emmanuel Macron as one of their allies, but rather as just another brand of politicians who propose managed trade instead of free markets.
I just came across this fantastic op-ed while listening to the author being interviewed.
The author points out that our culture teaches girls to be afraid. Girls are warned to be careful at the playground while boys are expected… to be boys. Over time we're left with a huge plurality of our population hobbled.
It's clear that this is a costly feature of our culture. So why do we teach girls to be scared? Is there an alternative? This cultural meme may have made sense long ago, but society wouldn't collapse if it were to disappear.
Culture is a way of passing knowledge from generation to generation. It's not as precise as science (another way of passing on knowledge), but it's indispensable. Over time a cultural repertoire changes and develops in response to the conditions of the people in that group. Routines, including attitudes, that help the group succeed and that are incentive-compatible with those people will persist. When groups are competing for resources, these routines may turn out to be very important.
It's plausible that in early societies tribes had to worry about neighboring tribes stealing their women. For the tribe to persist, there needs to be enough people, and there needs to be fertile women and men. The narrower window for women's productivity mean that men are more replaceable in such a setting. So tribes that are protective of women (and particularly young women and girls) would have an cultural-evolutionary advantage. Maybe Brandon can tell us something about the archaeological record to shed some light on this particular hypothesis.
But culture will be slower to get rid of wasteful routines, once they catch on. For this story to work, people can't be on the razor's edge of survival; they have to be wealthy enough that they can afford to waste small amounts of resources on the off-chance that it actually helped. Without the ability to run randomized control trials (with many permutations of the variables at hand) we can never be truly sure which routines are productive and which aren't. The best we can do is to try bundles of them all together and try to figure out which ones are especially good or bad.
So culture, an inherently persistent thing, will pick up all sorts of good and bad habits, but it will gradually plod on, adapting to an ever-changing, ever evolving ecosystem of competing and cooperating cultures.
So should we still teach our girls to be scared? I'd argue no.* Economics tells us that being awesome is great, but in a free society** it's also great when other people are awesome. Those awesome people cure diseases and make art. They give you life and make life worth living.
Bringing women and minorities into the workplace has been a boon for productivity and therefore wealth (not without problems, but that's how it goes). Empowering women in particular, will be a boon for the frontiers of economic, scientific, technical, and cultural evolution to the extent women are able to share new view points and different ways of thinking.
And therein lies the rub… treating girls like boys empowers them, but also changes them. So how do we navigate this tension? The only tool the universe has given us to explore a range of possibilities we cannot comprehend in its entirety: trial and error.
We can't run controlled experiments, so we need to run uncontrolled experiments. And we need to try many things quickly. How quickly depends on a lot of things and few trials will be done “right.” But with a broader context of freedom and a culture of inquiry, our knowledge can grow while our culture is enriched. I think it's worth making the bet that brave women will make that reality better.
* But also, besides what I think, if I told parents how to act… if I made all of them follow my sensible advice, I'd be denying diversity of thought to future generations. That diversity is an essential ingredient, both because it allows greater differences in comparative advantage, but also because it allows more novel combinations of ideas for greater potential innovation in the future.
** And here's the real big question: “What does it mean for a society to be free?” In the case of culture it's pretty easy to say we want free speech, but it runs up against boundaries when you start exploring the issue. And with billions of people and hundreds (hopefully thousands) of years we're looking at a thousand-monkey's scenario on steroids… and that pill from Flowers for Algernon.
There's copyright which makes it harder to stand on the shoulders of giants, but might be justified if it helps make free speech an economically sustainable reality. There's the issue of yelling “Fire!” in a crowded theater, and the question of how far that restriction can be stretched before political dissent is being restricted. We might not know where the line should be drawn, but given enough time we know that someone will cross it.
And the issue goes into due process and business regulation, and any area of governance at all. We can't be free to harm others, but some harms are weird and counter-intuitive. If businesses can't harm one another through competition then our economy would have a hard time growing at all. Efficiency would grow only slowly tying up resources and preventing innovation. Just as there's an inherent tension in the idea of freedom between permissiveness and protection, there's a similar tension in the interdependence of cooperation and competition for any but the very smallest groups.
In 2013, like hundreds of thousands of other migrant workers, Erwiana Sulistyaningsih moved to another country (Hong Kong) in hopes of a better tomorrow. Just eight months later, they returned to their native Indonesia covered in burns, bruises and open wounds, struggling to see and barely able to walk. Erwiana shared that they endured months of torture at the hands of their employer, a 44-year-old mother of two, who told Erwiana that their family would be killed if they did not perform their duties. Nor was Erwiana paid; when they were sent home, they had $9 in their pocket.
But Erwiana could not be broken, nor could they be silenced. They spoke out against the woman, who faces charges including causing grievous bodily harm and common assault, and with the support of family Erwiana is advocating for better laws to protect others who may share their fate, placing a spotlight on the plight of a vulnerable and often invisible population. It is brave women like them who speak up for the voiceless who will create lasting change.
Mam is an antitrafficking activist and a co-founder of the Somaly Mam Foundation
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Photo: Jason LaVeris/Getty Images
The greatest thing about being at an event honoring Amy Poehler is, well, a whole lot of Amy Poehler. Pretty much every funny person in New York came out Monday night — including much of the current SNL cast, on a busy week when they're prepping a show for host Scarlett Johansson — to watch Poehler receive the first-ever award for “innovation in comedy” from Gilda's Club of New York City, the organization named in Gilda Radner's honor that provides a community of support to cancer patients and their families. Their objective was to make Poehler laugh and feel as special as they make them all feel — really, it was an overflowing of sweetness — while fund-raising for a good cause. Vulture hung around to see if we could get a sense of what it's like to be friends with the woman in comedy who seems like they just might be the best friend to have. Ever. Here's what we gleaned.
If you are friends with Amy Poehler …
They will make you feel like you made the right outfit choice.
Poehler was in the middle of getting their picture taken on the red carpet Monday night, but as soon as they spotted their good friends Rachel Dratch and Ana Gasteyer, they stopped everything to give them hugs. “Hey, guys! I owe you big time.” (She was referring to Dratch and Gasteyer being the hosts of the evening. Says Gasteyer: “Of course we both immediately said yes when they asked. She's just a humble, generous soul.”) Then Poehler stepped back to look at their outfits: “Oh my God, you look great! We all did such a good job!”
She'll give you your first break.
SNL's Bobby Moynihan says they wouldn't be on SNL if it weren't for Poehler, who hired them as a bartender at Upright Citizens Brigade — the improv theater they co-founded — in late 2000. They started taking improv classes there a few months before Poehler left to do SNL. “Then, eight years later,” says Moynihan, “I got SNL six months before they left.”
She'll gracefully pass the baton.
Current “Weekend Update” co-host Colin Jost remembers tons of email conversations with Poehler — who'd been on SNL when Jost started as a writer but left before they became an “Update” anchor. Most of the advice centered around how he'd only learn how to do the job by doing it. But the No. 1 lesson Jost learned from working with Poehler was, they say, “Oh my God, just to bring joy to it. As a fan of hers, having started with her, I think that's what I learned about the job in general, was the reason you're at SNL is you want to feel like you're goofing off, you want to feel like you're having fun. That's always what inspired me.”
Jost's co-host Michael Che says they feel an encouraging boost whenever Poehler comes by the SNL offices to visit. “That's the cool thing about being on the show,” says Che. “It's almost like the high school team when all the star players come back to just watch other people that are playing this time.”
They will be a happy participant on that Parks and Rec group text.
Poehler admits they miss their Parks and Recreation gang. “I was just texting with the cast today because we're on a text chain,” they say, “and today Nick Offerman just sent us a picture of calzones, and Adam [Scott] was like, ‘Those look delicious.' It's a lot of stupid texting that happens, and that's nice. So the stupid texting remains, but yes, I have withdrawal about the people, and I love the people very much.”
She'll be an awesome listener.
“Amy is the first person that I always call when I want serious pragmatism and [no] judgment,” says Gasteyer, on issues such as: “‘Did I look bad with that perm?' to ‘Would you think I'm an idiot if I took this kind of job?' I feel like Amy's always the first person I call because she's the one that will say, ‘Let's just look at the black and white of it, and break it down as to what's helpful to you and not helpful. And how's this gonna work, without judgment, without me holding you to someone else's standards besides your own.' Amy always loves me for where I'm at.”
Dratch agrees: “To me, Amy's like two friends in one, because she's like the super-fun friend when you want to laugh and just be silly, and she's also, like Ana said, the really-good-listening friend, giving-advice friend, taking-your-problems-seriously friend. So she's got like the perfect combo.”
Want to be like Poehler? “Keep it light when it needs to stay light,” says Gasteyer, “and listen when you need to listen.”
She'll make you feel like you're the funniest person in the world.
“One thing about Amy is you can hear that laugh from a mile away,” says SNL's Kenan Thompson. “Just that laugh is so contagious, so to hear that in something you wrote is like, ‘Oh, they think it's funny.' It's pretty obvious. I remember that a lot, hearing it down the hall and down the corner. I was upstairs and I would hear it from downstairs and around a few corners. It's so infectious, and it's a genuine laugh. It just sounds like it's filled with joy.”
They will laugh the hardest of anyone when you announce in front of a room of fans and friends that she's not your favorite female SNL cast member ever.
“I actually prefer Victoria Jackson, but I think you're fine,” said Billy Eichner, as Poehler laughed outrageously. “I liked them characters! I don't let politics stand in my way of what I like and I don't like in comedy!”
And she'll laugh even harder when you do a routine chastising them for all the terrible tweets they sent from their actually nonexistent Twitter account.
In perhaps the best routine of the night, Billy Eichner and Julie Klausner gave Poehler (who doesn't actually have a personal Twitter account) some tough love over an imagined night when they joined social media, got needy and drunk, and went off-brand. Among their offenses: going political and tweeting how #FrackingRules; offering to “Bill Cosby” Zayn Malik from One Direction; and getting a little honest about that endorsement deal. ‘It's so funny I do ads for Old Navy because their clothes are affordable and I'm RICH! Biotch!'” read Eichner. “Almost too honest,” they said, shaking their head. But the tweet that got the most ire from Klausner and Eichner was simply, “Vaccines cause autism.” Poehler basically fell on the floor, they were laughing so hard.
She'll treat you like family.
To Gasteyer and Dratch (whom Poehler calls “Drootch”), they said, “You guys are my sisters. So nice and pleasant. It was the most fun working with you at SNL. We had the most fun time, like an illegally fun time. And the thing I'm most proud of is we are in each other's lives still in unique and cool ways, and it just reminds me over and over again that you just never stop making friends. You know, you never get too old to make a wonderful, special friend, and I think there's a lot of people here tonight who are involved in Gilda's Club who realize that. Right?”
In ancient philosophy the term “eclecticism” normally refers to philosophers who don't adhere to a particular school of thought but borrow concepts and theories from multiple sources. In particular, the philosopher Antiochus of Ascalon, the teacher of Cicero, introduced an eclectic approach to the Platonic Academy, which attempted to assimilate elements of Stoic and Aristotelian thought into Platonism.
However, when people today talk about eclecticism they often just mean a more general notion of combining different philosophical elements. The Stoic school itself was originally “eclectic” in this sense. When Zeno, the founder of Stoicism, arrived in Athens, they found themselves at a bookseller's stall and allegedly read Xenophon's Memorabilia of Socrates. (Possibly the section in which Socrates' relates the parable called The Choice of Hercules, developed by their friend, the Sophist Prodicus.) According to other accounts, though, Zeno had already read the Dialogues of Plato in their youth.
Zeno was originally a wealthy Phoenician dye merchant who reputedly lost their fortune at sea, and was shipwrecked near Athens. The story goes that Zeno consulted the Oracle at Delphi and was told to “take on the colour of dead men”, which they interpreted as meaning they should study the philosophers of previous generations.
After reading about Socrates, Zeno turned to the bookseller and asked where they could meet such a man. The Cynic Crates of Thebes was walking past at that moment, and the bookseller pointed them out to Zeno, who became their follower for many years as a result. Crates had been the student of Diogenes of Sinope, the founder of Cynicism. Diogenes in turn was allegedly inspired by one of Socrates' closest and most highly-regarded followers, Antisthenes. (Although modern scholars doubt Diogenes could have actually met Antisthenes, it's quite possible they encountered their writings and perhaps even some of their followers.)
Hence, in the ancient world, authors such as Diogenes Laertius, claimed that the Stoic school founded by Zeno descended directly from Socrates via Antisthenes, and the Cynics Diogenes and Crates. This is sometimes called the “Cynic-Stoic succession” theory. Antisthenes was sometimes even referred to as the founder of Cynicism in the ancient world – they were reputedly nicknamed Haplokuon (“Absolute Dog”) and taught at the Cynosarges (“White Dog”) gymnasium.
We're also told that Zeno studied in the Platonic Academy, under the famous scholarchs Xenocrates and Polemo. The Cynics did not teach Physics or Logic and it seems that Zeno felt this was a serious omission, which they could rectify by attending other more “academic” philosophical lectures. Nevertheless, we also know that Zeno attacked Plato's philosophy, particularly in their Republic, a critique of Plato's book of the same name.
We also know, however, that Zeno studied under philosophers of another Socratic sect: the Megarians and the associated Dialecticians. The Megarian school specialised in logic and was founded by Euclid of Megara, another one of Socrates' circle. The head of the Megarian school in Zeno's day, Stilpo, was considered one of the greatest intellectuals of their time. We find references to them and to Megarian Logic scattered throughout the surviving Stoic literature. Zeno also appears to have studied with another famous Megarian called Diodorus Cronus. Although the Megarians were particularly renowned for their Logic, they also had influential ethical teachings, which may have resembled those of the Cynics and other Socratic sects in holding that virtue is the only true good.
Zeno therefore studied under the main figures of all three major surviving Socratic sects of their day. Xenophon, whose Memorabilia Zeno had read, greatly admired Antisthenes. Like the Stoics, the Cynics believed that virtue was the only true good. Antisthenes also appears to have believed this, and perhaps to have attributed it to Socrates. Likewise, Xenophon appears to suggest this was Socrates' ethical philosophy. There are some indications that this was also the position of the Megarian school, and possibly they too derived it from Socrates. The Stoics therefore possibly believed that the doctrine that became associated with them, that virtue is the only true good, was derived ultimately from Socrates himself, via most of their followers, with the notable exception of Plato, who portrays Socrates saying this in some of their earlier Dialogues, but equivocates elsewhere. The Platonic Academy later became associated with the doctrine that virtue is the highest but not the only good, and that the good life is composed of virtue in combination with bodily and external goods, which was also the position of the Aristotelian school.
On some accounts, Zeno is surprisingly silent about Aristotle. However, Plutarch claims that Zeno was heavily critical of the Peripatetic school. Aristotle stood somewhat outside of the Socratic tradition, and Zeno apparently did not choose to study in the Lyceum. The early Stoics generally appear relatively uninterested in Aristotle's philosophy.
Those were the major Hellenistic influences on Stoicism. However, there are also many references to the pre-Socratic philosophy of Pythagoreanism in the surviving Stoic literature, particularly to the Golden Verses of Pythagoras. We know that Zeno wrote a book on Pythagoreanism. So they may have studied Pythagorean writings when developing their conception of the Stoic philosophy.
It's also generally believed that the pre-Socratic philosopher Heraclitus was important to Stoicism. There's no evidence Zeno studied Heraclitus. However, Cleanthes, Zeno's successor, the second head of the Stoa, wrote a book on Heraclitus. For all we know, though, Zeno may have also referred to Heraclitus in their own writings on Physics and that may be why Cleanthes chose to write about him.
These philosophies all influenced the development of Zeno's original Stoic school, and they continue to be influential among Stoics right down to the Roman Imperial age. That's probably because references to these different schools of philosophy were interspersed in the canonical Stoic writings, which subsequent generations of Stoics continued to read. As far as we're aware, among other topics, Zeno wrote books on Plato (The Republic), Pythagoras (Pythagorean Questions), and Memorabilia of Crates the Cynic. They also wrote books on Homer and other poets.
These different philosophical and literary traditions influenced Stoicism in many ways. However, the Stoic curriculum combined the scholarly study of Physics, Ethics and Logic, probably influenced by the scope of the Platonic Academy. It's sometimes said, crudely, that the Stoics derived their Ethics from the Cynics, their Logic from the Megarians, and their Physics from Heraclitus. They also appear to have been particularly known for taking the Cynic ethical doctrine that virtue is the only true good (perhaps shared with Antisthenes, Xenophon, and the Megarians) and reconciling it with the Platonic (and Aristotelian) doctrine that the good life consists in a combination of virtue, bodily, and external goods. They did this by introducing the novel concept that virtue consists in making proper selections between things of secondary value (axia), known as “preferred indifferents”.
Although Zeno was the founder of Stoicism, it's sometimes held that the third head of the Stoa, Chrysippus, was in fact the most influential Stoic scholarch. They were by far the most prolific of the school's founders, writing over 700 texts. Chrysippus modified the earlier doctrines of Zeno and Cleanthes significantly. It was traditionally claimed that they did so in order to defend them against an onslaught of criticism from the rival Epicurean and Academic schools, particularly from the Academic Skepticism of Arcesilaus, which was just being developed, prior to Arcesilaus being appointed head of the Academy.
Free Email Course Sign up today for our free email course on The Meditations of Marcus Aurelius. You'll receive weekly emails with my commentary on this classic Stoic text. Success! Now check your email to confirm your subscription.
Like this: Like Loading...
That's a question New Orleans-based designer and activist Bryan C. Lee Jr. is trying to answer. They have reached out to artists, historians, and citizens of New Orleans to imagine new symbols for a city still grappling with inequality and its legacy. The project, called Paper Monuments, will entail a series of posters plastered all over the city that detail the people, places, events, and movements of the city's 300-year history. This weekend, Lee is projecting the art and stories they have collected so far onto the former base of the Robert E. Lee statue in New Orleans, which was removed in May.
The project is particularly timely. Last weekend, violence broke out between white supremacists protesting the removal of a prominent statue of Robert E. Lee in Charlottesville, Virginia, and counter-protesters. Thirty-four were injured and one woman was killed when a van plowed into the crowd of counter-protesters.
“We saw it two months ago. We saw these same people in our streets with AK-47s, yelling and screaming at us,” Lee says of the protesters in New Orleans when the city's monuments were removed. “It's not simply about the ways individuals hold onto ideology, but it is more so about the way individuals embed their ideology into the spaces and places we all frequent. For us the Paper Monuments project is still rooted in the fact that these symbols of oppression need to be countered by symbols of those people who've fought against that oppression.”
Paper Monuments is one of the first initiatives of Lee's design-firm-cum-nonprofit Colloqate Design, which they started this spring. Formerly the director of place and civic design at the Art Council of New Orleans, Lee branched off on their own to coalesce their efforts to fight the racism they believe is embedded in the built environment. Because architects and designers are often at least partly responsible for these inequities, they believe it falls to them to rectify it. The firm's name is derived from Lee's philosophy of “colloquial architecture,” where buildings act as a language unto themselves–one that can be manipulated by those who know how to use it at the expense of those who don't. This discrepancy can be seen in the public squares of New Orleans and Charlottesville, where Confederate statues have stood for decades. The work of the architects and designers who designed these places were “100-year decisions,” Lee says. “When we make decisions that do embody hatred, whether we mean to or not, it allows for society to grow along those frameworks. Our job should be to acknowledge them and counteract them and produce things that elevate the welfare of the constituents that we serve.”
The Path To Design Justice
Architecture and justice have always been intertwined for the 34-year-old Lee. As a boy, they lived in Sicily with their parents for a few years because their mother was in the military. But upon coming back to their hometown of Trenton, New Jersey, at the ripe age of 8, they began to ask questions about why their grandmother's house didn't look like the homes he'd seen in Sicily. That's architecture, their parents told him, and if they wanted to change what they saw, they could become an architect.
Lee became dedicated to becoming an architect from that moment on, sneaking CDs that had autoCAD software from their high school classroom in order to download them onto their computer. But their family couldn't afford to send them to architecture camp, and the only way Lee was going to be able to go to college was by getting a scholarship–which they did, for football. Lee played for the historically black college Florida A&M for two years while taking architecture classes before transferring to Ohio State University. But upon transferring, they were shocked to find that there were only two or three other people of color in the Ohio State architecture program. “There's a strong sense of despair–that can't be the makeup of the profession,” they say. “But it turns out that it was. It was a harsh reality.”
The promise of nature documentaries is that they will show you a world that you otherwise could not see. I will probably never be in a submersible down in the deep, or running alongside a cheetah on the savannah. Few have perfected this form for the mainstream like the BBC. They've made a number of blockbuster documentaries: Planet Earth, The Blue Planet, and Frozen Planet, to name just a few. From this tradition comes the newest BBC documentary, The Hunt, which focuses on the tactics predators use to stalk prey. It is co-produced with BBC America and narrated by — who else — Sir David Attenborough. The stakes are life and death, of course I suppose I could feign neutrality, but the truth is, I love these BBC nature docs. After a long day, there's almost nothing better than settling down with my boyfriend and cat, cracking open a can of beer, and watching footage of wild animals. These shows are uniquely soothing, and the animals are shot so beautifully; well, we all have our own forms of escapism. This one's mine. I have watched so many of these documentaries that I've begun to keep track of Attenborough's verbal tics — "but there's a problem" — as well as their tendency to be a bit of a drama queen, repeatedly reminding us that the stakes of the footage we're about to see are life and death. The stakes are life and death, of course; but then, in nature, they almost always are. I suppose I could feign neutrality, but the truth is, I love these BBC nature docs. After a long day, there's almost nothing better than settling down with my boyfriend and cat, cracking open a can of beer, and watching footage of wild animals. These shows are uniquely soothing, and the animals are shot so beautifully; well, we all have our own forms of escapism. This one's mine. I have watched so many of these documentaries that I've begun to keep track of Attenborough's verbal tics — "but there's a problem" — as well as their tendency to be a bit of a drama queen, repeatedly reminding us that the stakes of the footage we're about to see are life and death. The stakeslife and death, of course; but then, in nature, they almost always are. And that's what The Hunt is about, even more nakedly than usual: these predators must kill or starve. The filmmakers focus on the stalk — how hunters attempt to catch their prey. And unlike a lot of other programs about predators, which bill them as "dangerous" or "deadly," The Hunt documents the failed hunts. In fact, most hunts fail; the best predators in the world only succeed about half the time. And to the series' credit, it doesn't just focus on those marquee predators (your cheetahs and wild dogs; polar bears and sharks). Some of the best sequences involve bizarre fish, vicious birds, and a particularly clever jumping spider called Portia.
It's clever, the way the narratives are constructed. The result is an inspired sense of sympathy for predators, a countermeasure to other media that presents hunters as vicious killers. Personally, I never know whether to root for the predators or the prey. I once saw a starving wolf in Alaska's Denali National Park — starvation is one way predators die, because their teeth are bad or they are injured or otherwise no longer able to hunt on their own — and its emaciated body as it limped away from me was truly pathetic. At first I did not think it was a wolf at all; too skinny, probably a coyote, I figured. But then I saw the radio collar, which only Denali wolves wear. We wound up reporting the wolf to the park authorities; in all likelihood they would soon be retrieving the radio collar from a corpse. When we treat predators as blood-thirsty menaces, we shortchange them. These much-maligned creatures are often what hold an ecosystem together. Some are even known as keystone species; like the keystone in a building, they are the foundation upon which the ecosystem is built. They help maintain the local environment by eating prey that reproduces quickly. That gives other kinds of animals, which may reproduce more slowly, a chance at food and survival. It prevents over-grazing, allowing plant life to flourish. And predators typically hunt the vulnerable — yes, that does mean babies, but it also includes animals that are weak or sick and near death anyway. This perhaps explains the way The Hunt handles kills. Usually, the documentary cuts away from mammals after they're felled. (Though not fish or insects, probably because it's less disturbing to watch them being eaten.) This mostly passed beneath my notice, except in the case of one of the more memorable sequences: when a group of chimpanzees hunts monkeys. I have seen footage of these hunts before, and I was cringing, waiting for the extraordinarily gruesome moment when the chimps rip the monkeys limb from limb. It never came; the filmmakers cut away. I asked one of The Hunt's producers, Huw Cordey, about the decision — and they told me it was approached with a great deal of thought. "We wanted to be much more focused on the strategy," Cordey told me. "We wanted people to empathize with the predators, and I just think you don't empathize with a predator if you see it tear apart sweet little Bambi." The full footage of a monkey hunt in particular is nightmare fuel, and these nature documentaries are often watched by children. Even for adults, it is troubling to watch. A large part of the audience would have been alienated by the footage, Cordey felt, and so they did not show it. "We wanted people to empathize the predators, and I just think you don't empathize with a predator if you see it tear apart sweet little Bambi." Some other decisions were made based on footage limitations. In the first episode of the series, a female leopard hunts in a gully, making them effectively invisible to the animals on the plains above the trench. She's stalking an impala, which they get and drags into the gully. But then, the impala emerges and runs. "We couldn't film this, sadly, because it all happened too quickly, but some baboons spotted it and ran into the gully and scared the leopard," they said. "The leopard obviously let go of the impala." No reference is made to the baboons in the narration, but it seems like an understandable edit — why narrate footage the audience can't see? When you work with fact, whether in documentary filmmaking or in journalism, some facts do get cut.
There's a danger to nature documentaries, too. It's most clearly demonstrated with the 1958 Disney film White Wilderness. Disney won an Academy Award for the documentary which notably features a sequence with lemmings, mouse-like critters that live in the Arctic, diving over the edge of a cliff to the sea, where they drowned. The narration explains this is a mass suicide. The footage was so striking it gave rise to a new phrase, "like lemmings," which is sometimes used to describe mass hysteria. In fact the whole thing was a hoax; the filmmakers drove the lemmings over the cliff themselves, and the "sea" was a tightly-cropped river. (The Alaska Department of Fish and Game helpfully explains that while lemmings don't die by mass suicide, they do occasionally engage in cannibalism.) Most nature documentaries don't engage in such outright hoaxing, but staging shots or adding sound effects is common. For instance, stories about animal "families" often splice together footage of unrelated animals to create narratives that would otherwise be impossible or impractical to film. In those cases, documentaries are often telling a composite story of what typically occurs in an animal's upbringing, rather than the story of one specific set of parents raising their young. It's also common practice to use footage of tame or zoo animals for close-up shots, in order to avoid disturbing wild animals. In fact, Attenborough has been dinged for this particular approach before, on a previous series called Frozen Planet, when shots of polar bear cubs being born in a zoo were cut together with scenes of polar bears in the wild. Crucially, at no point does Attenborough tell the audience that the cubs are born in the wilderness — but neither do they say where they were born. The provenance of the cubs was revealed in behind-the-scenes footage. Hardly secret, but some members of the audience felt deceived nonetheless. The noise of cracking bones was created with celery The Hunt also kicked up a fuss when it was revealed that some of its sounds were added afterwards. The noise of a polar bear on the snow was created with custard powder, with salt crystals "for a bit of crunch," Kate Hopkins, the sound engineer on the series, told also kicked up a fuss when it was revealed that some of its sounds were added afterwards. The noise of a polar bear on the snow was created with custard powder, with salt crystals "for a bit of crunch," Kate Hopkins, the sound engineer on the series, told Radio Times . The noise of cracking bones was created with celery. In these cases, the audio engineers couldn't get microphones close enough to the animals, but wanted to represent the noise for the audience. I'm not shocked by this, and I don't feel deceived; in every case, the practices the filmmakers are chastised for are practices they have admitted to — either in making-of media or interviews. In essence, they are giving their audience footnotes to the film. As the kind of person who likes to read footnotes, I appreciate this. But it seems audiences believe that documentary filmmaking is meant to render a true view of the world-as-it-is. This is a rather recent attitude toward documentaries; most early documentaries contain fake footage. The New Yorker's Louis Menand credits Robert Flaherty with raising documentaries from propaganda film to art form with their first film, Nanook of the North. "In vérité terms, Nanook is largely a fake," Menand writes. They continue: Flaherty arranged, for example, to film a walrus hunt in order to show how indigenous people once gathered food. The Inuit had long since stopped walrus-hunting, and they ended up struggling to drag a harpooned walrus out of the Arctic surf and begging Flaherty to shoot it with their rifle. Flaherty pretended not to hear them and kept filming. Later on, Nanook and their family are shown building an igloo out in the wilderness. It was too dark inside the igloo to film, so a special igloo — in other words, a set — was constructed with one wall removed, and the family was filmed, in daylight, pretending to go to bed. Menand dates the style of "plotless, commentary-less, vérité-style record of life as it is" to the 1950s, as an artistic movement. Attenborough offers a different explanation. In a charming lecture published as "Honesty and Dishonesty in Documentary Filmmaking" in 1961, the young filmmaker credits the rise of literal honesty in documentary film to the rise of television. "When television first arrived a large portion of programs were 'live,' many of them concerned with events like football matches, the Derby or some Royal ceremonial, all of which would have taken place whether or not the camera was there," Attenborough writes. In the previous era, movies were understood to be fictional, and documentary films were thought of "in the same terms as one thought of theatrical film." After television, though, "People then wanted to know whether what they saw would have happened and happened in that way, whether or not the camera was there."
A court in Lithuania plans to summon former Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev to a trial over the Soviet crackdown on the Baltic state's pro-independence movement in 1991.
The Vilnius Regional Court said on October 17 that it will summon Gorbachev to testify at the trial as a witness.
In January, the court started the trial of two former Soviet military officers, Russian citizens Gennady Ivanov and Yury Mel.
Lithuania charged 66 citizens of Russia, Belarus, and Ukraine last year with war crimes and crimes against humanity over the death of 13 people during the 1991 crackdown.
More than 1,000 people were also wounded when Soviet troops stormed Vilnius's TV tower on January 13, 1991.
Fourteen people lost their lives that day after another person died of a heart attack.
It was the deadliest action by the Soviet Army in trying to crush secessionist movements in the Baltic states of Lithuania, Latvia, and Estonia.
Based on reporting by Delfi and Interfax
“You can't survive chronic fatigue syndrome alone. It's lonely, it's isolating and it's a battle each and every day.”
Each and every day, I'm fighting to challenge the perceptions surrounding chronic fatigue syndrome (CFS), whether it's with well-intentioned family or friends, sceptical medical professionals or random acquaintances who want to sell me the “special” supplement that healed their great aunt.
Walking through life with this disease has been both a battle and a blessing for me over the past three years. It has turned my life completely upside down. It has impacted my health, fitness, social life, finances, living situation, independence and career. There have been plenty of hard days, but surprisingly, many moments of joy, too. However, one challenge I end up facing time and time again is not from the disease itself, but from those around me and their understanding of this disease.
So here are the five things I wish people understood about my life with chronic fatigue syndrome:
1. It's not about being tired.
Yes, I'm tired. However, someone with CFS can be so fatigued it can feel like you have run a marathon with the flu. And that's on a good day. It's a type of tiredness that is beyond what you could start to articulate. This complex disease can affect all parts of your life and many bodily systems. From the cognitive brain fog that clouds your thinking, the nausea that doubles you over day in and day out, joint and muscle pain that throbs and burns leaving you unable to move, the constant flu-like state, the dizziness when you try to stand and the respiratory distress from when your body is so exhausted that the simple task of breathing has become a laboured affair.
Unfortunately, it's not a case of getting more sleep. I could have a lovely 12 hours of sleep at night and wake up feeling like I have been hit by a truck. Or I could be kept awake by pain or insomnia all night and function no differently the next day. Sometimes I wish I was simply tired.
2. What you see is not what it appears to be.
After helping a girlfriend through the messy, tangled finances left in the wake of a parent's death, John Kerecz had a message for their own mom and dad: Get your paperwork in order.A few years later, Kerecz's father passed away unexpectedly. The 52-year-old environmental engineer from Harrisburg, Pennsylvania went to the house and looked where their father and mother used to keep their important documents, but nothing was there. It was pure luck that they went to the computer to look up a phone number and saw a folder on the desktop labeled “DEATH.””Sure enough, everything was there in that folder,” Kerecz says.
Armed with a copy of the will, lists of the financial accounts and insurance policies and other paperwork, Kerecz was quickly able to settle their father's estate and use the funds to take care of their ailing mother, making them extremely grateful.
The difference between having your files organized or not is about more than just stress; leave behind a mess and it can delay inheritors' access to funds and cost a bundle in legal fees.
“It could be six months or longer if you don't have the paperwork in order, and … your family is in the dark, not knowing things, jumping through hoops. It's not a fun existence,” says Howard Krooks, president of the National Academy of Elder Law Attorneys.
Taking care of the necessary documents is a hallmark of good parenting, they add, rather bluntly: “More than any kind of monetary legacy, if you really love them, you'd do this.”
HOW TO GET IT DONE
Compile a list of the financial information your heirs will need upon your death: wills, trust information, investment accounts, legal contacts, etc. You can keep this information in an electronic file – in one master document or several attachments – to serve as a road map to find all the physical paperwork.
Or, you can do what some elder law attorney David Cutner's clients do, and just pull out a cardboard box and start piling up the papers.
You have to do more than just gather the information, though, cautions Cutner, co-founder of the Lamson & Cutner Elder Law firm in New York. You have to tell your loved ones you have done it and tell them where to find it. You can either hand over the file immediately or keep it in a safe place (away from the prying eyes of caregivers and potential scammers).
A safe deposit box, by the way, is not a good place to keep these papers, says Cutner, because it's too hard to access when needed.
THE WILL
Top of the list is a copy of your will, hopefully the most recent version, plus contact details for the attorney who drew it up and any executor named. Also important are trust documents, if they exist, estate experts say.
While power of attorney and living will documents are crucial should you become incapacitated, they will not be useful after your death, says Krooks — your heirs will then be using a death certificate to obtain access to accounts.
FINANCIAL ACCOUNTS
Your heirs will need to know all of your account information, down to your utility bills and your tax returns. You can either create a list or include copies of statements in the file, or just directions to where to find them. Also useful is a list of relatives to contact.
Knowing passwords for online accounts is not as important as naming another person on key accounts ahead of time, says Sweeney. This way, if the family needs to make mortgage payments or pay any medical bills, they do not have to wait until the estate is settled.
“Children are often dipping into their own assets to pay for taxes and mortgages when the last surviving parent has passed away,” says Sweeney.
In that same vein, make sure to sign another person up for a key to any safe deposit boxes or home safes, says Krooks. Include clear directions on how to access any other valuables that may be stashed elsewhere, so that it's not mistakenly thrown out.
SURVIVOR BENEFITS
Pensions and insurance plans have many different payout rules, so you need to leave behind detailed information about policies. Insurance information should extend beyond life insurance to car, home and boat insurance, says Sweeney.
The job of assembling all of this information can be massive, but most people appreciate it in the end.
“At first they curse us out because it's so much to gather and put in one place. But by the time they come into the office, they're really glad they did this exercise,” Krooks says.
© Thomson Reuters 2014.
Winter Gardening: Striking Plant Ideas
Just because temperatures drop off late in the year doesn't mean winter gardening has to follow suit. With some gardening basics and these winter blooming flowers and plants, you can boost texture and add hints of color to your yard.
Coneflower
This native plant attracts attention from summer till the next spring. Plant groups in a sunny space for maximum impact and put off deadheading until the snow melts. Because a coneflower's prickly seedpod is so substantial, a bunch of them will add a big architectural element to any winter garden.
Sedum
Long after frost has dulled sedum's vibrant colors, many varieties' flower heads add to winter gardens. You don't have to cut back the flowers or foliage until early spring, so this flower can add interest to a garden all winter long.
Heather
While heather is a celebrated plant throughout Europe, it's often forgotten here in North America. This versatile flower boasts color during every season, making it ideal for winter gardening. From the little florets in summer and autumn to gorgeous foliage in winter, this beauty makes a strong impact in any garden with acidic soil. In locations where snowfall is light, insulate heather with mulch and pine branches.
Snowdrop
Galanthus • Zones 3 to 9
When it pops up in late winter, snowdrop's bright-green leaves send the message loud and clear that spring really is on its way. The snowdrop requires virtually no maintenance and spreads readily. For a larger collection of these 4- to 6-inch plants, simply lift and divide bulbs after they bloom, before the foliage dies back. Snowdrop is especially attractive scattered throughout naturalized settings and under deciduous trees and shrubs.
Johnny-Jump-Up
Viola tricolor • Zones 3 to 9
This old-fashioned classic produces a plethora of charming yellow, blue, violet and white flowers. Seeds planted the previous spring will bloom in fall and often hang on through winter. Johnny-jump-up thrives in containers, so if you live in a cooler climate, sow it in a planter and bring it inside when the temperatures plummet. You'll be able to enjoy the colorful display even while there's a blizzard raging outside.
Article Source: http://www.birdsandblooms.com/gardening/gardening-basics/winter-gardening-striking-plant-ideas/
This Ordinance Amendment acknowledges the Cullman City Council's focus on bringing diverse economic engines into the City of Cullman.
City of Cullman To Get Even Wetter
Cullman City Council Approves Commercial Brewing of Wine and Craft Beers Inside City Limits
At last night's Cullman City Council Meeting, council members unanimously adopted Ordinance No. 2015-32. Ordinance No. 2015-32 is an amendment to the existing City of Cullman Alcohol statutes.
Ordinance No. 2015-32 opens the door to allow the commercial manufacture/brewing of wines and beers inside the Cullman city limits. The general intent of this ordinance is to allow microbreweries, or as they more popularly know, craft brewers, to operate inside the city.
City of Cullman To Get Even Wetter
What Is A Craft Brewer?
A microbrewery or craft brewery is a facility that produces a small amount of beer. Exact definitions vary, but the terms are typically applied to breweries that are much smaller than large-scale corporate breweries and are independently owned. Such breweries are generally characterized by their emphasis on quality, flavor and brewing technique.
Typically, much of the beer or wine produced on-site is also consumed inside the facility of production, or in an adjacent address.
The modern microbrewing movement began in the United Kingdom in the 1970s — although traditional artisan brewing existed in Europe for centuries — and subsequently spread to other countries.
As the movement grew and some breweries expanded their production and distribution, the more encompassing concept of craft brewing emerged. A related term, “brewpub”, refers to a pub or restaurant that brews its own beer for sale on the premises.
According to the national Brewers Association, the craft brewing industry contributed $33.9 billion to the U.S. Economy in 2012 and created more than 360,000 jobs.
City of Cullman To Get Even Wetter
What Does This Ordinance Mean For Cullman?
This Ordinance Amendment acknowledges the Cullman City Council's focus on bringing diverse economic engines into the City of Cullman. It allows craft brewers and their wine distilling contemporaries to bring meaningful human and economic resources into town. Before this statute change, these entrepreneurs were effectively locked out of Cullman.
One such company, Goat Island Brewing (who has already received a tax abatement from the City Council on April 13, 2015 pending successful licensing and this alcohol ordinance change) is poised to open operations almost immediately.
Others businesses of a similar nature are sure to follow now that the opportunity to do business in Cullman finally exists.
We have a formal request in to the City of Cullman for exact, final wording on this ordinance. When we have that in hand, we will update this story accordingly, if needed.
City of Cullman To Get Even Wetter
About The Cullman City Council
• The City Council is the governing body of the City and has all legislative and policy-making powers.
• The City Council acts only by ordinance, resolution, or motion.
• They adopt an annual budget and confirm appointments made by the Mayor.
• Other responsibilities include appropriating and issuing bonds, awarding contracts, levying assessments against property, and leasing or disposing of City real estate.
The Mayor
Max A. Townson
cityhall@cullmancity.org
The President of the City Council
Garlan E. Gudger, Jr.
ggudger@cullmancity.org
President Pro-Tem
Jenny Folsom
jfolsom@cullmancity.org
Other City Council members include:
Andy Page
apage@cullmancity.org
John W. Cook
jcook@cullmancity.org
Clint Hollingsworth
ch@cullmancity.org
Cullman City Council Approves Funding, Resolutions & Special Events
The City of Cullman operates under a Mayor-Council form of government. The City's elected officials consist of a Mayor and five City Council members.
Each are elected by popular vote to serve concurrent four-year terms.
Elections for Mayor and City council are held every four years in August.
Municipal Government – Frequently Asked Questions
Can anyone attend a City Council meeting?
Yes. All City Council meetings are open to the public. Meetings are generally held on the 2nd and 4th Monday nights of each month, at 7 p.m. in the City Hall auditorium.
How do I have an item placed on a City Council agenda?
Contact City Clerk Wesley M. Moore during regular office hours.
How can I get a proclamation signed by the Mayor?
Contact Leanne West in the Mayor's Office during regular office hours to arrange a proclamation signing.
Cullman City Council Approves Funding Resolutions Special Events
Spurned by Cliff Lee, the New York Yankees reportedly began spending the money that was to be allotted to the left-handed ace by agreeing to a contract with catcher Russell Martin, a source told ESPN The Magazine's Buster Olney.
The deal, which carries a base salary of $4 million, was completed on Tuesday as Martin passed their physical, sources told Olney.
MLB.com first reported the agreement.
The former Los Angeles catcher was nontendered this month after the Dodgers refused to meet their demand for a guaranteed $5 million deal.
The Red Sox also had made an offer to Martin.
Martin appeared to be a rising star in 2007, when they batted .293 with 19 homers and 87 RBIs. They won a Gold Glove, a Silver Slugger award and made the first of two consecutive All-Star appearances. But their production has dropped off the past two seasons.
Possibly the most common question I answer as an Uber driver is some variation of:
"​Is this all you do for work?"
I'll often reply by saying it's one of a handful of things I do. I normally say that along with Uber I do a lot of freelancing in the writing/editing and marketing areas.
About half the time my passenger is extremely surprised by the fact I am able to combine those two tasks to make my living. Generally speaking, the younger the passenger the less surprised they are. Books like T﻿﻿h﻿﻿e Four Hour Work Week by Tim Ferris have definitely popularized the idea of working outside of the corporate 9-5.
It turns out that over a third of the national workforce in the United States is doing some sort of freelancing. Over two-thirds of people think it's becoming more respected and think it's going to get better.
Thanks to Ben Matthews who put together a great summation of other freelancing stats that I highly recommend you check out. The infographic below displays many interesting numbers when it comes to freelancing.
What this means for You
Considering this blog is dedicated to strategies to escape the 9-5 this means a lot.
Most freelancers feel like the best days are yet to come.
A third of people who are not freelancing have thought about it.
The biggest obstacle to people not freelancing?
Fear. ​
Surprise, surprise.
Those who aren't freelancing are worried about stable income and where they can find work. Here are some tips to make the transition easier.
3 Things to Remember when Starting as a Freelancer 1. Start Small You don't have to quit your job today. Or tomorrow. Take on simple, small projects at first to find your comfort zone. 2. Go where your customers already are This strategy works just as well online as it does in real life. In real life, a real estate appraiser may go to a luncheon with a group of real estate agents or title companies to make connections and look for work. The same concept can and should be used online. Sites like Upwork and Fiverr are amazing places to start freelancing online. Thousands of people visit these sites each day looking for a variety of skills. Browse through their listings and find a service that you can do better, or differently than what is already posted. Find a way to differentiate yourself and then provide excellent service. Also, hunt down specific forums and job boards for your skill set. Use a Google search string like "skill + Job Board" or "skill + work forums". This will allow you to quickly find multiple places you may find work rather than limiting yourself to one platform. ​ 3. Listen to what your customers are asking for​ I have a "gig" on Fiverr for editing. I consistently get questions asking if I can provide a particular service. Many of them, like translations or re-writes, are outside the scope of my expertise or something that would cost more than the average customer on that site is willing to pay. However, early on I was asked several times if my editing included giving feedback. After seeing this request several times I added an upsell for $20 for "Feedback". I am reading through the work anyway to edit it, so by adding a handful of comments, critiques, and clarification requests I can greatly increase my hourly rate for the task. If customers want a service you're not providing consider adding it. It could be the difference between a little freelance work and being able to leave the 9-5.
You may not be able to do Freelance work from some beach in the Pacific. It probably won't make you rich.
It could, however, be the extra source of income you need to pay off debt. I could replace enough of your regular income that you could escape a job you hate.
The workforce is moving away from the traditional, rigid, corporate structure and opportunities for freelancing should continue to grow in years to come. Will you carve our your space in this market?
Dean
Some of the bots from Robot Entertainment are on route to PAX Prime in Seattle later this month. While there is no Robot booth this time around, a number of the bots will be hosting their own PAX Prime panel. The line up includes Patrick Hudson [CEO], Justin Korthof [Community Manager], Lance Hoke [Producer], Ian Fischer [Design Director], Chris Moffitt [Art Director].
The panel will include talk about studios history including their time at Ensemble Studios, Age of Empires through to modern day Orcs Must Die! For those lucky enough to be in attendance there will also be prizes being given out at the panel. No word on what these are as of yet, but hey, who would say no to free prizes?!
If you're at PAX Prime be sure to head to the HEDGEHOG THEATRE on SATURDAY 8/30 1:30PM – 2:30PM
Chandler Riggs and Joel Courtney will topline the horror thriller, which will be distributed by Universal.
Chandler Riggs, the child star of AMC's The Walking Dead, and Super 8-star Joel Courtney are joining the Stephen King adaptation of Mercy.
Blumhouse and Wonderland Sound and Vision are behind the movie, which will be released by Universal.
Peter Cornwell is directing the horror thriller, which revolves around two brothers (Riggs, Courtney) who go with their mother to take care of their grandma. Unbeknownst to them, the grandmother is a witch, who made an evil deal using black magic years earlier.
LIST: Hollywood's 25 Most Powerful Authors
Frances O'Connor is on board to play the mother.
Mercy is based on King's short story Gramma, which was first published in Weirdbook magazine in 1984.
Jason Blum and Wonderland's McG and Mary Viola are producing. Matt Greenberg wrote the script.
On zombie drama Walking Dead, Riggs plays Carl Grimes, the son of sheriff Rick Grimes. The character this season has become an integral part of the storyline, which has allowed Riggs to show off their chops (both literally and figuratively).  They are repped by the Burstein Co.
PHOTOS: Gillian Flynn and Reese Witherspoon, Stephenie Meyer and 'The Host' Cast: Authors With Their Stars
Courtney made their acting debut starring in J.J. Abrams' Super 8, coincidentally also playing the son of a sheriff. They recently wrapped a turn in in the indie drama Tom Sawyer & Huckleberry Finn, portraying Sawyer.  They are repped by CAA Principato Young Entertainment and Felker Toczek.
Email: Borys.Kit@thr.com
Twitter: @Borys_kit
TUNIS (Reuters) - One of Tunisia's most wanted men, a senior commander of Islamic State militants in Libya, has been killed fighting with Libyan forces near the city of Sirte, Tunisian security sources said on Tuesday.
The death of Tunisian militant Ahmed Rouissi, who was fighting in Libya's Islamic State ranks, confirms the growing importance of foreign fighters in the Libyan conflict, where two rival governments and armed forces battle for control.
Western governments and Libya's North African neighbors are increasingly worried about Islamist militants, especially Islamic State allies, extending their foothold in the chaotic country just across the Mediterranean from Europe.
“According to the information we have, we can say Rouissi has been killed in the most recent fighting in Sirte,” a Tunisian security source said.
Libya is in chaos with two rival governments - one internationally recognized, the other set up in Tripoli after its forces took over the capital - that are fighting for control four years after a civil war ousted Muammar Gaddafi.
In the turmoil, militants allied to Islamic State this year have claimed a string of high-profile attacks targeting foreigners, including an assault on a luxury hotel in Tripoli, the storming of oilfields and kidnapping of oil workers.
Rouissi was a top member of Tunisia's Ansar al-Sharia extremist group branded as terrorists by Washington.
Tunisian officials believe they were the mastermind in the murders of two Tunisian opposition leaders in 2013 that plunged the country into crisis.
They later joined Islamic State in Libya and had been running training and recruitment operations with other foreign fighters there, according to the Tunisian security source.
Tunisians make up one of the largest contingents of foreign fighters in Syria and Iraq, but more recently militants have been sending jihadis to take part in the conflict in Tunisia's North African neighbor Libya.
Tunisia also said on Tuesday it had dismantled a recruiting cell sending jihadis to fight in Libya and arrested dozens in part of tighter security and border controls to counter Islamist militants.
“Security officers and the army arrested ten terrorists trying to sneak into Libya to join the armed groups in Libya,” the Interior Ministry said in a statement.
The communique said security forces also dismantled four terrorist cells that were recruiting for Libya and arrested 22 more suspects in those operations.
The Art of Movement is a monthly show that highlights the most significant innovations in science and technology that are helping shape our modern world.
(CNN) -- It's the Earth-orbiting research lab as big as a five-bedroom house, complete with two bathrooms, a gym and a huge bay window -- but how much do we know about what goes on at the International Space Station?
We watched as astronauts played football in space during the World Cup, we listened to Chris Hadfield croon their rendition of David Bowie's "Space Oddity," and we've all seen the odd space selfie snapped in zero gravity.
Sure, the lucky few who have gone up to the International Space Station (ISS) seem to be having fun. But there's also a serious side to the astronauts' sojourns among the stars that we don't often hear about.
"We are bettering the human experience on Earth. Going further, going beyond," says Stephanie Buskirk Dudley, an ISS payload operations director (POD) who helps coordinate all the research conducted at the facility. "We learn things by doing science that we never even knew we would learn. And it's actually because we are there."
If the ISS is a crazy space circus, then Buskirk Dudley is one of the ringmasters leading the ever-changing scientific troupe.
They explain: "We've got cameras looking at all over the Earth from the space station that are helping with disaster research and coastal erosion. We have one coming for ocean temperature and warming of the oceans. We are doing research that affects every single person on the planet."
Science among the stars
It became humanity's home away from home in October 2000 when the first six astronauts arrived on board and the ISS has been busy ever since. The permanently orbiting facility -- which has cost an estimated €100 billion (just under $135 billion) according to the European Space Agency -- has since been inhabited constantly by astronauts as they work tirelessly to answer some of science's most intriguing questions.
Often we see some of the more entertaining demonstrations appear on social media. Just last month U.S. astronaut Reid Wiseman uploaded the world's first #SpaceVine of a spectacular fireball experiment called FLEX-2, which examines how fuel ignites in space. Here on Earth, we thought it looked pretty cool. For scientists, the results could yield new insights into fuel efficiency for engines on Earth and safer future spacecraft production.
Another seemingly quirky experiment involves sending 40 mice up to the station later this year, which will be their home for six months -- roughly a quarter of a mouse's average lifespan. The rodents' journey to space may look like an odd move for scientists but it is hoped the "moustronauts" will provide valuable biomedical insight into how spaceflight affects the human body.
These are just some of the hundreds of investigations taking place every day aboard the floating outpost by scientists from all around the world. The mammoth task is coordinated by the Payload Operations Integration Center (POIC) at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville, Alabama.
Buskirk Dudley is one of 23 certified PODs who plan every minute detail involving space station research. Pioneering research is conducted 24 hours a day, 365 days a year and the key to success is planning, they say. "[It takes] a great team of people doing many different jobs. Everybody is an expert in their own little field. It really takes a whole team with a lot of hard work and planning.
"We've got, for instance, ultrasound on board the station and we have perfected training non-medical personnel -- astronauts -- to perform on themselves and get good results for doctors on Earth. And that is directly applicable to countries in which medicine is not as available as it is in the U.S. and the UK."
The success of ultrasound experiments by non-medical personnel in space has led scientists to believe that back on Earth, patients could be trained to perform their own ultrasound exams and send the images to doctors in situations where a medical facility is difficult to access.
Buskirk Dudley adds: "Over half of the population of the world, for instance, is a woman. We are doing research on bone health every single day and just that one experiment alone could help over 50% of the world's population. That is just human research: we've got biological research, we've got material research, combustion, particle physics -- the whole gamut of research we're doing every single day.
"Today, the crew is upgrading the 'Robonaut' (a humanoid robot on the ISS). Our eventual goal is to give them legs and have them do maintenance tasks to free up the crew for more science. When we originally flew him, they were just a torso and arms. And they are doing robot surgery to upgrade all their internal electronics so they can eventually add legs to him."
'It's research for the world'
But Buskirk Dudley is keen to point out that it's a truly International Space Station, not simply an American enterprise. POIC is one of five international control centers working to synchronize the research at the ISS. Other similar control centers are located in Germany, Japan, Russia and, of course, back at Mission Control at Johnson Space Center in Houston.
"Even though it's NASA science that we're doing, the scientists are all over the world. It's not just science in the U.S.," says Buskirk Dudley. "The scientists that we work with are not at those control centers. They are in their lab, in their university, in their house perhaps -- all over the world. We've enabled them to do the science wherever they might be."
Cheryl Nickerson is a professor at the Biodesign Institute at Arizona State University.  They are one such trailblazing scientist at the forefront of cellular biomechanics, who has achieved remarkable success using the ISS to conduct unique spaceflight research into diseases such as salmonella.
"The microgravity environment of spaceflight offers a unique environment for ground-breaking biotechnology and biomedical innovations and discoveries to advance human health in infectious disease, cancer, aging, bone and muscle-wasting diseases, and advances in tissue engineering," they say.
"Our research demonstrated that spaceflight increased the virulence of salmonella and globally altered the gene expression of this pathogen in unique ways that are not observed using traditional experimental approaches on Earth."
And she's not done there. Later this year, commercial carrier SpaceX will fly the professor's latest NASA-funded experiment, Micro-5, to the space station, where their team will monitor the salmonella infection process in real-time when the human surrogate host and pathogen are simultaneously exposed to spaceflight.
For Nickerson, the ISS is invaluable for the ongoing pursuit of knowledge.
"If properly implemented, the legacy of an ISS research portfolio consisting of hypothesis-driven, impeccably designed and executed experiments will have a lasting impact on our nation's scientific capability, economy, and quality of our lives."
READ: Voyager 1: 'The little spacecraft that could'
READ: Why solar flares aren't just fireworks in space
SEE: Capturing the Cosmos through a lens
A previously unpublished picture depicting German Chancellor Angela Merkel wearing a commnunist uniform has been printed by one of the country's biggest tabloids.
In the 1972 snap, a 17-year-old Merkel, then known by their maiden name of Angela Kasner, is seen smiling as they walk amid fellow female students involved in a civil defence exercise.
The exercise was run by the government of East Germany, which was communist and part of the Soviet Union. Merkel grew up in the town of Templin, 70km north of the East German capital Berlin.
Newspaper Bild published the photo under the headline: "This young woman in the uniform is our Chancellor today."
The black-and-white photo was handed to the popular tabloid by Sonja Felssberg, 58, a schoolmate of Merkel who also took part in the training exercise.
All pupils had to attend a series of defence exercises by order of the government of East Germany, or the Deutsche Demokratische Republik (DDR).
However, a few months ahead of Germany's elections, the picture reinforces recent suggestions that Merkel had deeper ties with the communist establishment before the fall of the Berlin wall.
Merkel - the daughter of a Protestant pastor who moved their family from West Germany to the East in the 1950s - officially entered politics aged 35, as communism crumbled in 1989.
Merkel has admitted joining the Free German Youth, the communist youth organisation, for mainly social reasons as they grew up behind the iron curtain, but denies claims of deeper involvement in the communist system.
The First Life of Angela M, a book by German journalists Guenther Lachmann and Ralf Georg Reuth, suggests Merkel served as propaganda secretary for the youth organisation and was an active labour union official.
"Politically I lived an assimilated life. If I had always said what I thought, then my life would have been very different," Merkel said as the book hit the shelves earlier this month.
"What is important to me is that I have never hidden anything," Merkel said. "Perhaps I have not talked about other things because no one has ever asked me about them."
Merkel is to run for a third term in September.
Meanwhile, the German Chancellor topped the latest Forbes World's 100 Most Powerful Women list for the third year running.
Forbes Most Powerful Women Top 10:
1. Angela Merkel, German Chancellor
2. Dilma Rousseff, Brazil President
3. Melinda Gates, Co-Chair, Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation
4. Michelle Obama, US First Lady
5. Hillary Clinton, Former US Secretary of State
6. Sheryl Sandberg, COO, Facebook
7. Christine Lagarde, Managing Director, IMF
8. Janet Napolitano, US Homeland Security Secretary
9. Sonia Gandhi, President, Indian National Congress Party
10. Indra Nooyi, CEO PepsiCo
From keeping the Wikileaks site alive to helping British anti-austerity protesters outmanoeuver riot police, Twitter is entering the Western political mainstream as a powerful tool for dissent.
The website where anyone can post 140-character messages with links to multimedia content was praised by the US last year when Iranian protesters used it to organise and spread news after a disputed presidential election, until Tehran blocked the site as part of a wider clampdown.
Now, as campaigns around both Wikileaks and British student protests demonstrate, it is showing its effectiveness in new ways as a thorn in the side of established bodies and authority.
Follow us! Follow PC Pro on Twitter here
Twitter has been at the heart of Wikileaks' fight to survive. It pointed followers toward "mirror sites" in Europe after Wikileaks.org was taken down following the leaking of US diplomatic cables.
As cyberattackers shut down the MasterCard corporate website in apparent retaliation for its blocking of payments to Wikileaks, Twitter was the vehicle for a group styling itself Anonymous to claim responsibility.
Student rebellion
In recent weeks, British students protesting against Government plans for a near-trebling of university tuition fees have mobilised the power of the new medium in a battle of wits with police that has also erupted into physical skirmishes.
Last week, police in body armour and fluorescent jackets found themselves literally sprinting to catch up with student demonstrators. Students who had found themselves hemmed in by riot police the previous week used Twitter and smartphones to tip each other off about the location of police lines, and dodged them by breaking into small groups.
"The thing about Twitter is the speed with which it allows information to be disseminated," said Carina O'Reilly, European security analyst at IHS Jane's. "So many of that generation are plugged into it almost continuously. It allows action without centralised leadership. It's one of the reasons the police have been so far behind the curve in the protests so far."
Undergraduate Jessica Riches, 20, primary operator of The Twitter feed @UCLOccupation - representing student protesters occupying a key part of University College London - said it proved an "incredible" way to gain publicity and raise funds.
"To start with, we weren't sending that many tweets and I didn't think many people would be watching," said Riches, who normally runs a campus fashion blog at in their spare time. "But then we saw how many people were retweeting and it really took off from there. It's been incredible. Without Twitter, I don't think we would have been successful."
ROME — By now it is no big secret that Pope Francis is one of the most open-minded pontiffs in the history of the Roman Catholic Church, especially when it comes to traditionally taboo topics. They started their pontificate by shocking the world with the words, “Who am I to judge” on the question of homosexuality among the devout. And now they have taken that one step further by suggesting that the Catholic Church—or at least its leaders—not only apologize to members of the LGBT community it has previously shunned, but actually beg for their forgiveness.
The latest comment came during the inflight press conference on the way back from their Apostolic Voyage to Armenia.
When asked by Catholic News Agency's bureau chief Cindy Wooden about a suggestion by German cardinal Reinhard Marx that the Church should ask forgiveness from the gay community for having marginalized them, especially in the context of the Orlando massacre, Francis first paused in what Wooden described as sorrow for the dead before responding.
“I will repeat what I said on my first trip,” they said, referring to the now infamous “who am I to judge” comment that earned them a cover photo on The Advocate magazine among other accolades. “I repeat what the Catechism of the Catholic Church says: that they must not be discriminated against, that they must be respected and accompanied pastorally.”
They then went on in what has become their familiar thinking-out-loud process. “One can condemn, but not for theological reasons, but for reasons of political behavior,” they said, according to transcripts from the press conference. “Certain manifestations are a bit too offensive for others, no? But these are things that have nothing to do with the problem. The problem is a person that has a condition, that has good will and who seeks God, who are we to judge?”
By “condition” they most likely meant “orientation” as explained by Vatican veteran correspondent Philip Pullella of Reuters, who followed up with the Vatican spokesperson Father Federico Lombardi to clarify what Francis meant, coming to the conclusion that, “the pope, by saying ‘has that condition,' did not imply a medical condition but ‘a person in that situation.' In Italian, the word ‘condition' can also mean ‘situation'.”
Francis then went on to suggest that the LGBT community isn't the only group of people the Catholic Church needs to apologize to. “I think that the Church must not only ask forgiveness … to the gay person who is offended. But they must ask forgiveness to the poor, too, to women who are exploited, to children who are exploited for labor. They must ask forgiveness for having blessed so many weapons.
The Church must ask forgiveness for not behaving … When I say the Church, I mean Christians! The Church is holy; we are sinners! Christians must ask forgiveness for having not accompanied so many choices, so many families…”
They then went on to tell a story about growing up in Buenos Aires in a strict Catholic culture when people who had divorced couldn't enter certain Catholic households. “The culture has changed, thanks be to God,” Francis said. “Christians must ask forgiveness for many things, not just these. Forgiveness, not just apologies.”
But just what an apology to the LGBT community, or to women or children or divorced people, for that matter, might look like is hard to envision. Francis certainly has a way of making broad, off-the-cuff suggestions, though subsequent implementation has not always been as easy. The pope themselves has had as difficult a time as anyone in terms of squaring how they feel with what he, as leader of the Roman Catholic Church, can actually do. A case in point is their conclusion after two major synods on the family, after which, and despite the pope's obvious affection and willingness to accept LGBT Catholics, the best the synod fathers could come up with was a somewhat watered down version of acceptance and a plea not to slam the door on gays, though never opening it to gay marriage, a sentiment which the pope accepted.
“In discussing the dignity and mission of the family, the Synod Fathers observed that, ‘as for proposals to place unions between homo­sexual persons on the same level as marriage, there are absolutely no grounds for considering homosexual unions to be in any way similar or even remotely analogous to God's plan for mar­riage and family,'” Francis wrote in their final analysis of the synods essentially agreeing with the Synod fathers' conclusions that gays are OK but won't be walking down the aisle any time soon. Then they scolded society as a whole for demanding that gay marriage be widely accepted, even accusing aid groups of holding aid hostage should a country not choose to accept gay equality, which is especially relevant in third world countries: “It is unacceptable that local churches should be subjected to pressure in this matter and that international bodies should make financial aid to poor countries dependent on the introduction of laws to establish ‘mar­riage' between persons of the same sex.”
What's more worrying, perhaps, is that there is still a large number of shockingly close-minded leaders who hold power in the church hierarchy who would prefer any alternative to asking forgiveness from gay Catholics. American cardinal Raymond Burke, who has been sidelined to a ceremonial role within the Church by Francis, but who still holds considerable sway among Catholic conservatives, is one. They said just a few months ago that same-sex couples and divorced and remarried Catholics living in what they and many conservative Catholics consider “grave sin” is no different from repentant murderers. “It's like the person who murders someone and yet is kind to other people,” they said when asked if being devout was enough for same-sex couples and divorced and remarried Catholics.
That's probably not the sort of apologetic tone LGBT Catholics are hoping for.
Still, there is hope. Francis DeBernardo, executive director of New Ways Ministry, which is a 40-year-old Catholic ministry working towards justice and reconciliation for LGBT Catholics, essentially accepted the pope's apology. “This step by Pope Francis shows that Church leaders can and should admit when they have been wrong, especially when their wrongs cause people tremendous and unnecessary harm. Their message signals a major change in attitude for an institution which has a terrible history of ever admitting that it has done something wrong,” De Barnardo said in a statement. “For some LGBT people who have been so wounded and bruised by Catholic leaders' negative messages, the pope's statement may seem like too little, too late. While indeed we have waited a long time for an opening like this, I think it is important to rejoice at this step forward. We must work and pray to make sure that the next steps take place much quicker. Among those next steps are more dialogue between Church leaders and LGBT people.”
Clearly, Francis's comments are a first step in a positive direction. But considering the mentality of the organization they lead, the journey may be the equivalent of circumventing the globe.
Although the Saudi government waged a bitter struggle with Al Qaeda on its own soil a decade ago, the kingdom now supports Islamist rebels in Syria who often fight alongside Qaeda groups like the Nusra Front. The Saudis say they have little choice: having lobbied unsuccessfully for a decisive American intervention in Syria, they believe they must now back whoever can help them defeat Mr. Assad's forces and their Iranian allies.
For all the attention paid to Syria over the past three years, Iraq's slow disintegration also offers a vivid glimpse of the region's bloody sectarian dynamic. In March 2012, Anthony Blinken, who is now President Obama's deputy national security adviser, gave a speech echoing the White House's rosy view of Iraq's prospects after the withdrawal of American forces.
Iraq, Mr. Blinken said, was “less violent, more democratic and more prosperous” than “at any time in recent history.”
But the Iraqi prime minister, Nuri Kamal al-Maliki, was already pursuing an aggressive campaign against Sunni political figures that infuriated Iraq's Sunni minority. Those sectarian policies and the absence of American ground and air forces gave Al Qaeda in Iraq, a local Sunni insurgency that had become a spent force, a golden opportunity to rebuild its reputation as a champion of the Sunnis both in Iraq and in neighboring Syria. Violence in Iraq grew steadily over the following year.
Rebranding itself as the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, or ISIS, the group seized territory in rebel-held parts of Syria, where it now aspires to erase the border between the two countries and carve out a haven for its transnational, jihadist project. Sending 30 to 40 suicide bombers a month to Iraq from Syria, it has mounted a campaign of violence that led to the deaths of more than 8,000 Iraqis in 2013, according to the United Nations, the highest level of violence there since 2008.
In recent days, after ISIS fighters rode into the cities of Falluja and Ramadi, they fought gun battles with Sunni tribal fighters backed by the Iraqi government, illustrating that the battle lines in the Middle East are about far more than just sect. Yet the tribal fighters see the government as the lesser of two evils, and their loyalty is likely to be temporary and conditional.
As the United States rushed weapons to Mr. Maliki's government late last year to help them fight off the jihadis, some analysts said American officials had not pushed the Iraqi prime minister hard enough to be more inclusive. “Maliki has done everything they could to deepen the sectarian divide over the past year and a half, and they still enjoy unconditional American support,” said Peter Harling, a senior analyst at the International Crisis Group. “The pretext is always the same: They don't want to rock the boat. How is this not rocking the boat?”
Dals: Simple Indian Comfort Food
My first official kitchen chore, at the ripe age of 6, was to help Mom with the dal. It is one of the first dishes I learned to cook from her, and I still consider them the ultimate dal expert. Dal is sort of an umbrella term under which my family (and, I bet, most Indians) lump pulses and legumes such as lentils, beans and dried peas.
My mother measured the dal by the fistful — one fistful per person — and placed it in a large stainless-steel bowl called a parat (you can use any large bowl). My job was to pick out the debris: the stones, the sticks and whatever else did not belong in there. Then I had to place the dal in the chaalni (a kind of sieve; you can use any fine mesh sieve) and rinse it several times. If it was any other dal than moong dal (a small, split yellow mung bean, possibly one of the most popular dals in northern India) or masoor dal (pink lentils), I had to put it back in the clean bowl, add water and leave it on the counter to soak and soften for the night. The next day, Mom would drain out the water and then cook the dal. Draining the water was key, Mom would always tell me, as this would make the dal easier to digest.
There are countless ways to prepare the many dals in Indian cuisine, and it would take an entire book to list them all. However, my mother taught me some techniques that can be applied to many dals.
For dals with quick cooking times, such as moong dal and masoor dal, Mom places the dal in a deep pot, adds water to cover, seasons with a bit of turmeric and then brings it to a boil. They skim off any scum that forms on top of the boiling dal. They then reduces the heat to medium and allows the dal to simmer until it is soft and mushy. Just before serving, they garnish it with a tadka, or tempering, of hot oil seasoned with spices, ginger, garlic and lastly salt.
My mother's dals always have a sprinkling of homemade garam masala (ground warm spices) and freshly chopped cilantro. Chef Maneet Chauhan, a judge on the popular TV show Chopped, once told me that to her, dal was like a blank canvas: You can use any flavoring to make it more interesting. They add ingredients such as mango, mint, beet or other seasonal items to add an unusual delicious dimension to the same old dal.
Another way to make these two quick-cooking dals: Heat oil in a deep pan and add cumin seeds. When the cumin begins to sputter, add finely chopped garlic, ginger, onions and a bit of turmeric. Cook for a few minutes, until the onions soften. Add the dal and water. Bring to a boil, then lower the heat to medium and simmer until the dal is cooked. Just before serving, heat some ghee (clarified butter), butter or oil and add a bit of minced garlic. Once the garlic sizzles, pour over the dal and serve.
To use the dal in a salad or a dry preparation, Mom taught me to make the dal "bloom" in the water. They add the dal, usually skinless split urad dal (black gram, a very popular legume in Indian cooking that is actually white when skinless) to boiling water and allows it to boil for a few minutes until the dal is just cooked (think al dente). They then removes it from heat, pours out the water and uses it in a warm dal salad or lets it cool for a cold dal chaat, tossing the dal with chopped onions, tomatoes, cilantro and lemon juice, and seasoning it with salt, ground toasted cumin and chaat masala, a salty-spicy blend (and one the few blends they would ever buy premade).
Dals that need longer cooking time, such as the whole urad dal (used in the well-known dal makhani, with tomatoes and cream), are cooked plain in the pressure cooker. If you don't have a pressure cooker, you can still make this by cooking the urad dal on medium heat for several hours. Once the dal is soft, the seasoning begins. Mom adds the cooked dal to a base of cooked onions, tomatoes and ginger and further cooks it until the flavors blend. (While some people say this particular lentil does not need to be soaked, I find that soaking does speed up cooking.)
One of my favorite childhood chores was to clean the skinless split urad dal. This meant that there would be fried vadas in the house, and they were my favorite. The dal was soaked overnight, and the next morning Mom ground it into a batter along with ginger and cilantro. They then deep-fried dollops of the batter to create these little dumplings that were delicious with chutney or bathed in a sauce of yogurt and garnished with tamarind chutney.
Dals provide a great source of protein and don't have any fat other than what we add for garnish. In our house, for generations, the whistle of the pressure cooker always signals that a comforting dal dish will be for dinner.
Recipe: Simple Lentil Curry
This is our weeknight staple. This simple dal tastes good as a side, atop steamed rice or even thinned out as a soup. It also freezes well. This recipe is adapted from Monica Bhide's Everything Indian Cookbook (Adams Media 2004).
Enlarge this image Reem Rizvi for NPR Reem Rizvi for NPR
Makes 4 servings
1 cup yellow moong dal (split yellow mung bean)*
4 cups water
1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric*
4 tablespoons vegetable oil
1 teaspoon cumin seeds
1 small red onion, peeled and minced
1 teaspoon grated ginger
1 green serrano chili (or jalapeno), seeded and minced
1 small tomato, finely chopped
Salt to taste
1 tablespoon minced fresh cilantro (optional)
Pick through the dal and remove any debris. Rinse the dal thoroughly under running water in a fine-mesh sieve. Drain thoroughly.
In a deep saucepan, bring water, turmeric and 1 tablespoon of oil to a boil over high heat. Add dal. Reduce heat to medium-low and cook, uncovered, 30 minutes, stirring occasionally, until dal is very soft. If the water starts to dry up, add another 1/2 cup water. Remove from heat and set aside.
In a medium skillet, heat the remaining 3 tablespoons oil over medium-high heat. Add cumin seeds and when they begin to sizzle, add onion. Saute for 7 to 8 minutes, until onions are well browned.
Add ginger, chilies and tomato. Cook, stirring occasionally, for another 8 minutes or until tomato is soft.
Add salt to taste and cilantro and mix well. Add onion mixture to the dal and mix well. Reheat the dal gently and serve hot.
*Available at Indian grocery stores.
Variations
A simple moong dal can be dressed up by changing the tadka, the hot seasoning that goes on top. Connecticut-based chef Prasad Chirnomula shared some of their tadka ideas. "Ghee is ideal for a tadka but can be substituted with your choice of oil — although with quite a bit of taste sacrifice," they said. They provided four different ways to change the profile of the basic moong dal. Their mother's tadka is the first one.
Basic method: Heat the ghee or oil. Add the other ingredients and give them a few seconds to heat up/sizzle. Pour the tadka over the cooked dal.
Variation 1
Ghee
1 or 2 whole dried red chilies*
1 clove garlic, peeled and smashed
4 or 5 curry leaves*
1/2 teaspoon chana dal (split Bengal gram)* (note the small quantity of lentils used here; they remain crisp when fried)
1 teaspoon white, or skinless, split urad dal (black gram, a type of legume)*
1/2 teaspoon cumin seeds
1/2 teaspoon mustard seeds*
Variation 2
Start with tadka in variation 1 and add a touch of asafetida and 1/2 red onion, chopped.
Variation 3
Ghee
1 clove garlic, peeled and smashed
1 green serrano chili, finely chopped
4 or 5 curry leaves*
1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric*
Variation 4
Ghee
1 teaspoon panch phoran (mix of cumin, mustard, fennel, fenugreek and onion seeds)*
*Available at Indian grocery stores.
Recipe: Split Lentil Dumplings (Urad Dal Ke Vade)
These delightful lentil dumplings can be served as cocktail appetizers. Traditionally they are served drenched in yogurt and topped with dollops of tamarind chutney. This recipe is adapted from Monica Bhide's Everything Indian Cookbook (Adams Media 2004).
Makes 4 servings
Enlarge this image Reem Rizvi for NPR Reem Rizvi for NPR
1 cup skinless split urad dal (black gram)*
1/2 teaspoon fenugreek seeds (optional)*
4 cups hot water
1 piece fresh ginger (1 inch), peeled and coarsely chopped
2 green serrano chilies, coarsely chopped
Salt
Vegetable oil, for deep frying
Pick through the dal and remove any debris. Rinse the dal thoroughly under running water in a fine-mesh sieve. Drain thoroughly. Combine the dal and fenugreek seeds, if using, with the hot water in a medium bowl. Cover and let soak for 2 hours.
Drain the dal and fenugreek seeds and combine in a food processor with the ginger, chilies and salt to taste. Process to a smooth batter. You may add up to 2 tablespoons water if needed. Transfer to a bowl.
Heat several inches of vegetable oil in a deep heavy saucepan or deep fryer to 375 degrees. Carefully drop the batter, a couple of tablespoons at a time, into the oil. Make sure you do not overcrowd the pan. Fry the balls until golden brown all over, 2 to 3 minutes. Remove with a slotted spoon and drain on paper towels. Let the oil return to temperature between batches. Continue until all the dal is used. Serve hot.
*Available at Indian grocery stores.
Recipe: Sookhi Dal Amritsari
This dried lentil dish comes from the holy Indian city of Amritsar, which lies in the state of Punjab. Punjabi cooking traditionally uses a lot of ginger and onion, and this lentil dish uses a lot of ginger. In most of Punjab, this is a typical winter dish. The recipe is adapted from How to Cook Indian by Sanjeev Kapoor (Stewart, Tabori & Chang 2011).
Makes 4 servings
Enlarge this image Reem Rizvi for NPR Reem Rizvi for NPR
1 cup skinless split urad dal (black gram)*
3 cups water
1 teaspoon salt
1/2 teaspoon ground turmeric*
3 pieces ginger, about 1 inch each, peeled and cut into thin strips
1/4 cup vegetable oil
Pinch asafetida*
1 1/2 teaspoons cumin seeds
1 small red onion, peeled and chopped
2 or 3 green Thai or serrano chilies, chopped
2 small tomatoes, chopped
1 teaspoon red chili powder, or to taste
3/4 teaspoon garam masala
2 tablespoons chopped fresh cilantro leaves, plus more for garnish
4 teaspoons fresh lemon juice
Pick through the dal and remove any debris. Rinse the dal thoroughly under running water. Drain the dal and transfer to a medium bowl. Add the water and soak for 1 hour.
Place a medium nonstick saucepan on high heat. Add the dal and soaking water, 1/2 teaspoon of the salt, the turmeric and half the ginger. Bring to a boil on high heat. Reduce to low heat, cover and cook for 10 minutes, or until dal is soft but still separate. Drain in a fine-mesh sieve and set aside.
Place a medium nonstick frying pan on medium-high heat and add the vegetable oil. When small bubbles appear at the bottom of the pan, reduce the heat to medium and add asafetida and cumin seeds. Once the seeds begin to change color, add onion and saute 3 to 4 minutes, until lightly browned. Add the remaining ginger, the chilies and tomatoes and cook 2 minutes more. Add chili powder and cook until oil separates.
Add the drained dal and mix. Add remaining salt, garam masala, cilantro and lemon juice and mix again. Cook 2 minutes more to blend the flavors.
Transfer dal into a serving bowl and serve immediately. Garnish with chopped fresh cilantro.
*Available at Indian grocery stores.
Recipe: Creamy Black Gram Dal (Dal Makhani)
This dal freezes well, but do not add the cream if you are planning to freeze it; stir in the cream after you have reheated the dal gently. This recipe is adapted from Monica Bhide's Everything Indian Cookbook (Adams Media 2004).
Makes 4 servings
Enlarge this image Courtesy of Chef K.N. Vinod Courtesy of Chef K.N. Vinod
1 cup whole urad dal (black gram)*
2 tablespoons dried red kidney beans
6 cups water
4 tablespoons (1/2 stick) butter
1 teaspoon vegetable oil
1 teaspoon grated ginger
1 teaspoon minced garlic
1 cup diced tomatoes (1 large tomato)
1 teaspoon red chili powder*
1 teaspoon homemade or store-bought garam masala
Salt to taste
1/4 cup heavy cream, plus more for garnish
Chopped fresh cilantro, for garnish
1 slice peeled ginger, cut into thin sticks, for garnish
Pick through the dal and kidney beans and remove any debris. Rinse thoroughly under running water in a fine-mesh sieve. Soak dal and beans overnight in enough water to cover. Drain.
In a heavy-bottomed saucepan, combine 6 cups of water, dal and kidney beans and mix well. Bring to a boil. Cook on medium heat, uncovered, stirring occasionally, for about 1 hour. Check to see if dal are soft and beginning to split. If not, continue cooking. If dal starts to dry out, add up to 1 cup of water. Remove from the heat, transfer to a serving bowl and keep warm.
In a medium pan, melt the butter with the oil. Add the ginger and garlic and saute for 30 seconds. Add the tomatoes and cook about 7 minutes, until the oil begins to separate at the sides. The tomatoes may splatter, so use a splatter guard or partially cover the mixture as it cooks.
Add the chili powder, garam masala and salt to taste and mix well. Remove from heat and pour over dal. Mix well.
Just prior to serving, stir in the heavy cream. Garnish with cilantro, a drizzle of cream and the ginger sticks.
*Available at Indian grocery stores.
Hubris Mosaic Podcast Episode 12: In which Tim is irritated by Kanye's continued insanity, but they feel better when we all nerd out on physics. Sin hearts Street Fighter 5 and we discover exactly how many Street Fighter games there have been, whilst Sin's disapproval of everyone else hijacking their section hits record heights, but then they get their revenge! Dave is impressed with Apple's moral fortitude, but enraged by their repressed memories of Sonic the Hedgehog all the while continuing their campaign for free stuff from FFG. Finishing things off Moon loves on the Deadpool movie and its box office success before airing their concerns about the future of the DCU. All this, plus the blooper reel and more in this episode of the Minotaur's Head!
This track was tagged with the following keywords: Podcast.
Listen to all music and sounds of Mosaic Gaming Network and follow this user by signing in for free.
Facebook / 666 Burger New York City food truck 666 Burger has debuted a crudely-named (and scary) menu item that might be the most expensive of its kind in the world.
Behold the Douche Burger, "a f--cking burger filled and topped with rich people's s--t," co-owner Franz Aliquo, 36, wrote on Facebook. For just $666, it's yours.
True to form, the burger made of expensive ingredients: "Kobe beef patty (wrapped in gold leaf), foie gras, caviar, lobster, truffles, imported aged gruyere cheese (melted with champagne steam) kopi luwak bbq sauce and Himalayan rock salt," says Aliquo. "It may not taste good, but it will make you feel rich as f-k. Douche."
If Aliquo sounds a tad vitriolic, there's good reason.
"The idea came from our deep-seated disgust and hatred of all the other douche burgers out there," they told Businessweek. "A burger is just about meat, bun and cheese. All this other stuff just ruins the flavor."
He's referring to Guinness Book of World Records recipient, the Serendipity burger ($295), which comes piled high with Japanese Wagyu beef, James Montgomery cheddar cheese, black truffles and a fried quail egg.
"The one from Serendipity comes with a diamond-encrusted gold toothpick," said Aliquo. "Then you're not really buying a burger, you're buying a diamond toothpick with a burger attached. Just be real about it."
So how does the gourmand define a real burger? Put simply, meat, cheese and bread. Lettuce and tomato come second.
But as for whether the Douche Burger's a joke, Aliquo said it's definitely not. He's happy to take your money, but he's still going to call you a douche.
The Senate will likely vote this week to limit debate on substitute amendments to the new food safety bill – S510.
While everyone is for food safety, it is important to remember that one size does not fit all.
Specifically, that most food safety problems are caused by the giant, industrial-size food producers, such as huge confined animal feeding operations and giant egg producers,
Any version of S510 which penalizes small farms and ranches with onerous regulations targeted to the food giants will stifle competition, and drive many small independent food producers out of business.
Democrats Jon Tester of Montana and Kay Hagan of North Carolina have proposed an amendment which would exempt from the new regulation small farmers and food facilities with less than $500,000 in annual sales that directly market to consumers in a 275-mile area.
Call your senator and support the Tester-Hagan amendment to S510.
Many websites have also warned that S510 could – intentionally or unintentionally – interfere with people's ability to grow food in their own gardens. While I have seen no evidence of that (admittedly, I haven't spent any time looking at the issue), people should also demand that the language of S510 be clarified to explicitly exempt home gardens.
Update: Less than 24 hours after I wrote this post, the Senate passed S510, with the Tester amendment included. Thanks to those who called.
The San Diego Police Department is struggling to meet its hiring goals, despite an increase in benefits last year that officials hoped would reduce departures.
The improved compensation package put more money in paychecks starting in July but has had little effect on officer retention, according to police Chief Shelley Zimmerman.
San Diego Police Chief Shelley Zimmerman. — Archivo/UT San Diego
“We're not seeing the results we hoped for,” Zimmerman said in a recent interview.
An average of 13 officers have quit or retired each month so far in the current fiscal year. That has left the department with 1,874 officers as of March 9 – 162 short of its 2,036 budgeted sworn positions.
The average attrition of 13 officers a month was the same in fiscal years 2014 and 2015. It had dropped to 11 early last year before rising again. In 2010, the attrition rate was about five per month.
“If nobody left, we would be fine,indicating.” the chief recently told City Council members sitting as the budget committee.
They said they are leaving for a variety of reasons, including pay, morale, workload and “the climate of what's going on, the national dialog of what's going on.”
“Many (news) stories across the country are painting police in a negative light,” Zimmerman said.
Brian Marvel, president of the San Diego Police Officers Association, agreed.
“It's easy to say something negative about a police department,” Marvel said. “It's harder to say what can be done. People are running around saying the cops are bad. Who wants to be a cop?”
San Diego police recruitment Fiscal year 2015-16 2014-15 2013-14 Officers hired 135 171 160 Officers left 110 153 162 Dep't's loss/gain 25 18 -2 Sources: San Diego Police Department
The city has hired 135 officers since the start of the current fiscal year in July, including 44 in the police academy class that started on Monday. Of 110 officers who have left the department in that period, at least 19 hired on with other law agencies, Zimmerman said.
The police officers' union puts the figures much higher for those taking new policing jobs.
At the budget meeting, Councilman Todd Gloria expressed concern at the continued exodus, saying the city should perhaps revisit the issue if things don't change. “I'm sure no one is more disappointed than you, chief, about where we're at,” Gloria said.
Zimmerman said the new contract “was very helpful ... We would have been in worse shape than we are right now.”
San Diego police had been near the bottom of the pay scale compared to 18 other large agencies in California. Increased benefits approved last year, such as a bigger uniform allowance, additional holiday pay and lower health insurance contributions, were expected to put San Diego closer to the midpoint of those other agencies.
The greatest benefits were reserved for officers who had at least eight years' experience, in hopes of keeping on those with more skills, street sense and knowledge of the city.
Base pay for San Diego police officers right out of the academy is $4,119 a month, compared to $4,687 for sheriff's deputies, $5,488 for Chula Vista police and $4,547 in Escondido, according to each agencies' website. District Attorney's investigators' base pay is $5,823, according to a county human resources website.
The five-year contract San Diego police signed last summer includes 3.3 percent pay raises in 2018 and 2019.
San Diego County Sheriff Bill Gore refuted what they called local “lore” that their agency lures away a large number of San Diego police officers. In fiscal year 2014 there were five sheriff's hires from San Diego police, 14 in 2015, and two so far this year.
Marvel acknowledges that the drain of officers to become deputies has tapered off, but noted there are still many departures.
“Now, younger officers are going to Chula Vista, Escondido, Las Vegas or San Francisco,” Marvel said. “The average time on the department of officers who are leaving is 6.2 years. I want to analyze who's leaving, where they are going and what we can do inside the contract or outside of it to incentivize people to come here.
“What are other agencies offering that we aren't?”
In their exit paperwork, 46 San Diego officers who left this past year noted the reason as unspecified “miscellaneous,” while 40 cited retirement, five noted medical retirement and 19 specified they were going to another law agency, Zimmerman said.
Any number of those who cited retirement might also have continued a law enforcement career elsewhere.
“A lot of officers come and talk to me before they leave,” they said. “Lately I've been hearing they liked working for our Police Department. Some are leaving for economic reasons; (or) they're leaving the profession altogether, because of the continual negative atmosphere they're hearing from the community.”
Marvel said the department needs 5,000 recruit applicants to find 200 qualified for one of the four annual academy classes, but the number of applicants last year fell short by 1,200.
“How do we develop the ability to recruit people born and raised in San Diego?” Marvel asked, saying such people may be less likely to want to live and work somewhere else. They said it will be important to analyze whether San Diego is competitive in pay and benefits for recruits.
Zimmerman said they attend many community meetings and events, where they emphasize the positive side of the San Diego Police Department as a place to work with the public to improve neighborhoods and relationships. Marvel said he, too, views direct contact with community members as the best recruiting tool, through word-of-mouth.
Even if every academy recruit is hired and passes field training, that won't fill every budgeted empty slot.
The city has had trouble hiring enough officers for several years now. The city's independent budget analyst issued a report in the fall of 2014 saying that since 2010, the Police Department had lost a significant number of budgeted positions: 280 full-time sworn and civilian slots.
A hiring freeze with no new recruits accepted into academies also took its toll.
A five-year plan developed in 2013 included a goal of returning to the 2009 budgeted level of 2,128 officers.
“We've had years of not hiring, years of cuts or years of only hiring in small numbers not keeping up with attrition,” Zimmerman said. “It's a competitive market for police officers. Fewer people are applying. If we can't retain our officers, we can't hire our way out of our problem.”
By contrast, Gore said their agency has little trouble finding new hires to replace deputies who leave.
“We try to stay right at even with the number authorized,” they said.
Their department has 2,586 sworn personnel, slightly above the 2,573 budgeted for the year. Sheriff's personnel Capt. Anthony Ray said if all 26 deputies graduate from the academy in six months, they will not quite cover the number of departures expected by then.
The Sheriff's Department hired 196 sworn personnel and 149 left in fiscal year 2015. There was a hiring boom of 320 deputies in fiscal year 2014 when an expanded Las Colinas women's jail opened, and 164 departures. Average attrition was 12 deputies a month last year, and 14 in 2014.
ISTANBUL — Turkish border guards killed at least 11 Syrian refugees, including at least three children, who were trying to cross into Turkey illegally on Sunday, Syrian activists and a monitoring group said.
The refugees were shot as they tried to enter Turkish territory near the border crossing of the Syrian town of Jisr al-Shoughour, the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights, monitoring group based in Britain, said in a statement on its website. Several other refugees were wounded, the group said.
Jisr al-Shoughour has become a key smuggling route since Turkey closed its borders to Syrian refugees this year.
A senior Turkish official said that the killings could not be independently verified and that an investigation was underway. Turkey, which is a host to nearly three million refugees, has denied similar previous allegations and maintains that it allows entry to refugees whose lives are under imminent threat.
The monitoring group said nearly 60 civilians had been shot this year while trying to flee to Turkey from Syria . Last month, Human Rights Watch published a report accompanied by video that purported to show refugees being beaten up and shot at by Turkish border guards.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
On Sunday, Mohammad al-Abd, 35, a resident of the border village of Khirbet al-Jouz, rushed to the border crossing after hearing gunshots.
“Locals from the village contacted Syrians on the Turkish side of the border to ask the Turkish border guards to stop shooting,” Mr. Abd said in a phone interview. “Almost an hour later, we were able to take the dead bodies and wounded to the hospital. Seven people were killed and five wounded, all from the same extended family.”
The Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said two others had been killed in that shooting, though not from the same family.
The family was fleeing Jarablus, a town controlled by the Islamic State militant group in the Aleppo countryside in northern Syria, and trying to join relatives in Turkey, Mr. Abd said. American-led coalition airstrikes against the Islamic State have intensified in recent weeks, sending hundreds of Syrian refugees to the Turkish border.
Two other men were also killed on Sunday as they were trying to get into Turkey, Mr. Abd and local activists reported.
A video reportedly taken in the aftermath of the shootings on Sunday, which was posted online by Syrian lawyers and rights groups, shows a mother cradling their baby, who appeared to have a bullet wound.
Once the cameraman pronounces the baby dead, the woman breaks down screaming. The video could not be independently verified.
Turkey, under pressure from the European Union to curb the flow of illegal migration into Europe, has cracked down on cross-border trafficking in recent months. However, Syrians from the border villages say that smuggling has not stopped and that people cross into Turkey almost every night.
Rights groups have urged Turkey to reopen its borders to provide safe passage to Syrian asylum seekers fleeing war.
[ 21,618 views ]
Bring Me The Horizon
UPDATE 2/22/2014:
Letlive
"Not that being in jail is cool or anything but it's definitely hilarious, to me, to see how people twist things. It's a hardcore/punk culture atmosphere. If you didn't come to the show to get wild and have a good time then why would you even show up? Stay home, nigga. People are moshing; punching each other in the face, kicking each other. People crowd surfing on people i.e. Far more wreckless behavior than my incident; 'I jump. You catch me'. Lol, can't believe I spent a week in jail for this bogusness considering the 'victims' were released from the hospital with no injuries according to a DT. Pff wha ever dude. I gotta mic handed to me and got to help close out a set to one of my favorite bands (letlive). I got to jump off a 20ft balcony and be caught by numerous, eager, fellow funtime havers. I don't regret it. I'll remember that day for as long as I live. Welcome to genuine hardcore and punk culture, Colorado! #508"
According to Reverb , a 23 year-old concert attendee identified as Alex McCormick has been charged with three counts of third degree assault after jumping off a venue balcony and landing on fellow fans at a recentshow. The incident took place on February 13th at the Ogden Theater in Denver, CO. BMTH is currently on tour with Of Mice & Men.After approaching the balcony, McCormick, allegedly jumped on several concertgoers, resulting in head and neck trauma to two victims in addition to minor injuries to a third.McCormick then fled the scene but was arrested shortly thereafter, according to Lynn Kimbrough, communications director with the Denver District Attorney.McCormick was charged on February 18th and is due back in court on February 24th.It turns out that Alex McCormick (photo at right) isn't even really a fan of Bring Me The Horizon, but rather show opener. According to McCormick, "I love [Letlive]. Definitely one of my favorite bands. They NEVER disappoint." On the day of the show, McCormick still didn't have tickets and was begging for some assistance online via acquaintances. They eventually did get into the event, but ultimately spent a week in jail after the balcony jumping incident.Suprisingly, they don't regret any of it. Yesterday, they said that you shouldn't go to a hardcore show if you don't want to "get wild." Here's a quote from McCormick:
Blockchain Startup To Service The Unbanked In Papua New Guinea
25-year-old Papua New Guinean entrepreneur Shane Ninai has partnered with American venture capitalist Tim Draper to create the blockchain startup Day One Investments, which aims to foster financial inclusion in Papua New Guinea where it is estimated only 20 percent of the population has bank accounts, and alternative currencies such as shell money are still recognized.
Day One Investments is a venture capital and economic development consultancy firm that invests in blockchain solutions and works with central banks, regulators and international development firms in emerging markets on how to implement those solutions in local economies.
Though the blockchain is most known as the underlying technology of bitcoin, it has applications and uses in other scenarios such as allocating worth or value to resources and allowing financial resources and services to reach those in geographically remote locations.
Blockchain and Alternative Currencies
Speaking at the 2017 London Blockchain week where they gave the keynote opening address, Ninai explained why most of the population in Papua New Guinea, is unbanked and excluded from formal financial systems saying:
“While formal market systems may be a source of economic growth and individual enhancement, they are simultaneously the source of financial exclusion as we are competing with millennia of ingrained cultural tradition and competing norms of economic engagement. Instead of trying to fit the 85 percent of the unbanked into a narrow financial system; the real wonder of the blockchain is that it allows us to create and capture these alternative economic systems that bypass normal markets.”
They also spoke of the similarities between the blockchain and the economies in developing countries that are primarily based on trust, collaboration, and cooperation as opposed to the individual nature of formal financial systems. “In many developing nations like Papua New Guinea, the basis of economic life is mutual cooperation and solidarity, rather than individual competition for narrow success. These are systems of consensus and distributed trust that are consistent with the mechanics, vision, and value of the blockchain; and are often at odds with the ‘normal market' we define financial inclusion by,” Ninai said.
The pilot province of the startup is in East New Britain, which is the second largest financial hub in the country. Since blockchain technology and the alternative economy of Papua New Guinea are based on the same tenets, microfinance institutions understand and are more willing to adopt the technology.
Explaining this, Ninai said they have explored the alternative economy and the use of shells as money. Microfinance institutions and savings and loans societies are willing to provide loans against this shell money because they recognize it as currency. Before any major decision is made in the community the families, the clans all meet and have a say and vote, analogous to consensus algorithms.
“The first day that we walked into the office of East New Britain Savings and Loans in Kokopo, we began to explain the blockchain to the staff. And something interesting happened, we would say something, they would ask questions, and before we could answer, the other staff members would be answering the questions. They knew the problems so well, they grasped what the technology could do, and they knew it was needed. We hardly did any talking. This was the overwhelming reaction from these smaller microfinance businesses who are tasked with serving the bottom of the pyramid.”
Why Regulation is Important
Although banks' and microfinance institutions' willingness to adopt the blockchain technology is important, Ninai stressed the need for regulation in order for things to proceed smoothly saying, “Despite all the hype, all the blockchain system does is enable digital tokens to be moved between participants. Whether such digital tokens are perceived to have value or not is a separate, and more complex issue. In emerging markets especially, a regulator led model is the only way to ensure that these systems have value and are transacted with at scale; the regulator's appreciation of this innovation and a willingness to experiment is key.”
They referenced the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) and its FinTech sandbox, which allows new startups to function without excessive regulation so as not to stifle innovation while still ensuring correct regulatory oversight and the safeguarding of the consumer. They stated the need for “a strong partnership with a regulator in an emerging market who is willing to look at cross-border collaborations with regulators in developed markets like the FCA sandbox model. And then to additionally and most importantly contextualise it: Here it is important that the regulator explores these alternative economies with the Blockchain promoting an alternative business model that incentivizes solidarity and mutual aid over- the ‘normal market.'”
For the blockchain to become “real” for developing countries such as Papua New Guinea, regulators and the private sector will have to work together. “The real opportunity, though, is for a developing country to embrace this. Public and private partnerships are key for this to work. An informed regulator is more important than ever as the problem is in the irony that while developing nations are the ones that stand to benefit the most, they are also more often than not, not prepared to do so. And therein lies the challenge,” they said. Ninai, however, stated that the Bank of Papua New Guinea has been working in collaboration with their company to find solutions towards regulation.
Shane Ninai, who is the Managing Director of Day One Investments, says it is scheduled to close its fundraising within the next quarter, after strong commitments from local and international investors.
Ninai's Day One Investments is creating an innovative way to look at alternative value systems, in Papua New Guinea and in other developing countries where economies are based on trust and consensus, and finding a way to include these populations in regulated systems without discarding their values and views of worth. This model has the potential for scalability and application in many of the world's unbanked communities thus giving them access to financial services that they were previously excluded from and thereby giving their economies a much-needed boost.
It's the province of riot cops, marching bands, and Hitler youth, not to mention a few millenia of militaries. And its effects—perhaps not so surprisingly—extend far beyond organization or pomp and circumstance. According to a new study from the University of California Los Angeles (UCLA), marching in unison could actually shape men's estimations of their own and others' physical prowess.
"We have found that when men are walking in step with other men, they think that a potential foe is smaller and less physically formidable and less intimidating than when they're just walking in no particularly coordinated manner with other men," said anthropology professor and lead study author Daniel Fessler. "That calculation appears to make men who march with other men feel less vulnerable and more powerful and their potential foe more easily vanquished."
"Simply walking in sync may make men more likely to think, 'Yeah, we could take that guy!'" Fessler said.
For their experiment, Fessler and co-author Colin Holbrook—whose findings are published online in the journal Biology Letters—recruited 96 undergraduate men at UCLA. Half were instructed to walk in lockstep with a partner, while another half were asked to walk alongside a partner but without moving uniformly. Afterward, the students took several tests, "most of them to disguise the real purpose of the study" and one that involved looking at a photo of a man with an angry expression. Participants were asked to estimate the angry man's height and pick their build from a roster of six silhouettes of various heights and muscularity.
Young men who had walked in unison with their partners wound up judging the man as significantly shorter and smaller than those who had walked normally. On average, they guessed them to be about an inch shorter than the other group of participants did. The researchers note that while the difference in perception was relatively small, the association was consistent enough that there's only a 0.01 chance of it being a fluke.
Fessler and Holbrook suggest that humans evolved, quite logically, to view moving in unison as a sign of group strength. "The ability to move in unison indicates that one is part of an effective fighting alliance," said Fessler. "That's no accident. In order for individuals to be synchronized, they have to be motivated to coordinate their behavior—they have to be paying attention to what one another are doing, and they have to be skilled and competent. A deep part of our brain registers this connection."
Dodgers become a team the NL can love to hate
A franchise changes its (pin) stripes — the Dodgers are now Yankees West, and that won't sit well with the opposition.
"Are you playing within the rules? That's what I always looked at," said Dodgers manager and former Yankees star Don Mattingly. "They used to say all that about the Yankees. If you don't like it, change the rules."
The Dodgers are on the verge of paying about $140 million for three players — just to secure the chance to pay about $120 million more for the one player they really want. Ladies and gentlemen, your New York Yankees of Los Angeles.
This is not hate from San Francisco, the hate born from a rivalry. This is hate from every other city in the National League, the hate born from the rich new kids on the block trying to buy a championship.
The Dodgers have been respected and admired through most of their years, mocked and pitied for the last couple of years.
With the acquisition of Adrian Gonzalez and company, the Dodgers will become… (Jim Rogash / Getty Images )
Here's the scorecard on the Dodgers' new owners, all without benefit of an off-season: a contract extension for Andre Ethier, the signing of Cuban prospect Yasiel Puig, trades for Hanley Ramirez, Shane Victorino, Joe Blanton, Brandon League and Randy Choate, and the pending trade with the Boston Red Sox for Adrian Gonzalez, Carl Crawford, Josh Beckett and Nick Punto.
Total cost: $432 million. Sale price in 2004, when Frank McCourt bought the Dodgers: $421 million.
"The L.A. Dodgers are doing what the L.A. Dodgers should do," said Miami Marlins reliever Heath Bell, who grew up in Southern California.
"They should be the New York of the West Coast. They're putting L.A. back on the map."
Under the O'Malley reign, the Dodgers won with smarts. They even wrote a book about it: "The Dodger Way to Play Baseball."
Under Fox, the Dodgers tried to win with money. They failed miserably.
Under the new Guggenheim Baseball ownership, the Dodgers are trying to win with money, at least until the minor league pipeline can be revitalized. That day was delayed when the Dodgers agreed to send Boston three of their top prospects — pitchers Rubby De La Rosa and Allen Webster and outfielder Jerry Sands.
Mark Walter, the Dodgers' chairperson, offers neither guarantees nor apologies.
"It's not like we're going to win 162 games. It's no sure thing," Walter said Friday. "But I told people we were going to try to make this team the best team we could make it."
Even with Gonzalez, the Dodgers' lineup might not be as good as the Cincinnati Reds'. Even with Beckett, the Dodgers' pitching staff might not be as good as the Washington Nationals' — yes, even after the Stephen Strasburg shutdown.
None of that matters if the Dodgers do not make the playoffs. As of Saturday, they would not.
And, if money equaled success, the Red Sox would be printing playoff tickets, not blowing up their roster to get a quarter-billion bucks off the books.
The Dodgers can afford this, with curious thanks to McCourt. They pitched bidders on financial flexibility, and they left behind a roster that included just $33 million in guaranteed salary for 2014.
Guggenheim paid $2.15 billion for the team. They're not about to stop spending now, no matter how many stars they assemble for their cast or how much ire they draw from owners or fans around the league.
You either love the Yankees, or you love to hate them.
"It was kind of a little rock show," Mattingly said. "Everywhere you went, you caused that little buzz.
"That's the way the Dodgers should be. I'll be honest with you: to me, when the Dodgers come to town, it should be THE DODGERS."
Coffee shop with baristas in bikinis under fire for calling customer a 'fat b****' and telling them to 'save world hunger by shooting yourself'
Meghan Calavan owns the self-styled 'sexy sailor coffee shop' Sips Ahoy in Anacortes, Washington
They have angered local residents after posting cruel comments on the business' Facebook page about a customer's size
Jesseka Cladek has accused Meghan of posting a series of vulgar and hateful comments criticizing their appearance
Meghan called their 'fat' and advised them to 'save world hunger by shooting yourself'
The Sips Ahoy Facebook page has been taken down, but Boycott Sips Ahoy has launched and quickly amassed 4,700 followers
The owner of a racy coffee stand where baristas serve customers while wearing bikinis has angered local residents after they posted cruel comments on the business' Facebook page about a customer's size.
The war of words between Meghan Calavan, who owns the self-styled ‘sexy sailor coffee shop' Sips Ahoy, and Jesseka Cladek from Anacortes, Washington, has escalated out of control since just before Christmas.
According to Meghan, the trouble started after someone – believed to be a friend or relative of Jesseka - posted a nasty comment on the stand's Facebook page.
Meghan Calavan, right, is the owner of the self-styled 'sexy sailor coffee shop' Sips Ahoy, they and their staff have been accused of cyber-bullying Jesseka Cladek, left
Jesseka says that Meghan responded by posting a series of vulgar and hateful comments referencing the women's weight and appearance.
Meghan also reportedly criticized Jesseka's appearance, calling their ‘fat,' advising them to ‘save world hunger by shooting yourself' and telling another commenter that ‘the world would be a better place if [Cladek] died.'
‘What if I was unstable and actually did kill myself?' Jesseka asked King5. ‘Words have an impact on people.'
The Sips Ahoy Facebook page has since been taken down, but another Facebook page, Boycott Sips Ahoy, has launched and quickly amassed 4,700 followers.
Jesseka Cladek, right, says that Meghan responded by posting a series of vulgar and hateful comments referencing their weight and appearance
Its stated aim is to put the coffee kiosk out of business and it has posted screen grabs of the original comments made by Meghan.
‘I've never had to be scared for my life or ever thought someone wishes I were dead,' wrote Jesseka on the Boycott Sips Ahoy page.
Many posts call for the coffee shop's imminent closure, accusing it of cyberbullying.
‘I made this page to close Sips Ahoy down. We don't want this place of business in our small town,' the administrator states in the About section of the new Facebook page.
As news of the incident has spread in the small town of 16,000 people, Meghan and their family have become the target of threats and even violence.
Meghan has admitted that they and their staff are now scared and that they are sorry for getting involved in the dispute
Sips Ahoy is a coffee shop in Anacortes, Washington, where the baristas serve customers while wearing bikinis
They live with their father, Kelly, and their home was recently egged and their vehicle dented.
One poster on the Boycott Sips Ahoy page even suggested that someone should put urine or gasoline in a super soaker and burn the coffee stand down.
Meghan told King5 that they and their staff are scared and that they are sorry for getting involved in the dispute.
'I stuck up for myself in an immature manner, I know,' they told King5.
Police say the dent in the Calavans' car means the incident could become a felony investigation. They have advised everyone involved to stop and take a deep breath before someone gets hurt.
Dear Reader, As you can imagine, more people are reading The Jerusalem Post than ever before. Nevertheless, traditional business models are no longer sustainable and high-quality publications, like ours, are being forced to look for new ways to keep going. Unlike many other news organizations, we have not put up a paywall. We want to keep our journalism open and accessible and be able to keep providing you with news and analysis from the frontlines of Israel, the Middle East and the Jewish World.
In an unprecedented move, the IDF announced on Tuesday that it would facilitate the use of shuttle buses from West Bank cities to the Temple Mount on Friday mornings, so Palestinian worshipers could attend Friday prayers at the al-Aksa mosque during the month of Ramadan.
The decision was part of a series of sweeping gestures meant to help ease life for Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza during Ramadan.
It includes the easing of travel restrictions that were imposed in response to the second intifada.In an embargoed statement, issued one day before the holiday commences and after weeks of security preparations by the IDF, Jerusalem Police and COGAT, Maj.-Gen. Yoav Mordechai announced the historic steps to ease restrictive traveling policies during the holiday.“For the first time, the arrival of worshipers will be allowed via bus directly from the city centers to the Temple Mount,” said Mordechai.Unprecedented: Gov't to allow Muslims from West Bank, Gaza to observe Ramadan on Temple Mount“The IDF will allow the entry of all Palestinians – men and women without a special permit – with the exception of men under 40.”“The departure of 500 residents from Judea and Samaria abroad, via Ben-Gurion Airport, has been confirmed, and 500 families from the Gaza Strip have been approved to visit residents of Judea and Samaria,” they added.Moreover, Mordechai announced extended hours of operation for border crossings.“For the first time, 200 families from Gaza have been approved to visit residents in the West Bank during Ramadan and the Id al-Fitr holiday,” the statement continued, noting that 800 Palestinians from Gaza have also been approved to attend Friday prayers on the Temple Mount.“In addition, the entry of 300 Palestinians living abroad to visit relatives living in the Gaza Strip has been approved,” the statement said.COGAT, which is responsible for implementing the government's policies in the West Bank and Gaza Strip, is working directly with the Defense Ministry on planning and coordination, Mordechai added.According to COGAT's website, the unit's mission is to “promote and implement the policy of the Israeli government in civilian matters and facilitate humanitarian issues and economic and infrastructure projects in Judea and Samaria and in the Gaza Strip.”Additionally, the unit “leads the coordination and liaison with the Palestinian Authority and with the Palestinian population of the West Bank and the Gaza Strip.”Despite the government's overture of good will for the holiday, Meretz councilman Dr.Meir Margalit, who holds the east Jerusalem portfolio in the municipality, dismissed the move as a cynically devised publicity stunt.“Let's talk after Ramadan to see if it is even true,” they said by phone on Tuesday evening. “I think it's something being said to improve the Israeli image in America and Europe after the bad impression the elections produced. This is just marketing.”“But even if this happens,” Margalit continued, “how come basic rights that should be natural in a democratic country become something exceptional that the government does? It should not be unusual for Palestinians to visit al-Aksa Mosque or their families in the West Bank or Gaza.“It is not a privilege – it should be something normal. So this shows how abnormal a country we've become,” they concluded.Meanwhile, Temple Mount activist Yehudah Glick – who was shot four times last year for their activism on behalf of Jewish prayer rights there – said their response would likely be perceived as counterintuitive.“I may surprise you,” they said.“I really hope and wish that the Muslim population will celebrate Ramadan as civilized people, and do what is expected from their religion: to pray and repent.”Still, Glick expressed pronounced concern based on previous acts of violence carried out on the Temple Mount during Ramadan, particularly after Friday prayers.“At the same time, I strongly hope that we don't see pictures – as we saw last year during the period of Ramadan – of the police station on the Temple Mount burning down as part of marking the holiday,” they said.“I hope and pray that the Israeli police and other security authorities act with zero tolerance for any kind of violence or terrorism by those who would take advantage of Israel's gesture of good will to the Muslim population.”Noting the Defense Ministry's historic announcement – coupled by the expectation of tens of thousands of Muslim worshipers during Friday prayers on the Temple Mount – police spokesperson Micky Rosenfeld said multiple police units will be working closely with the IDF.“The Israel Police have completed security assessments for the forthcoming Ramadan holiday in Jerusalem,” they said.“Extra security measures have been implemented, but at the same time we are working with the IDF to accommodate the hundreds expected to come from Palestinian areas for Friday prayers on the Temple Mount.”Rosenfeld emphasized that there will be a wide range of police units – including Border Police, Special Patrol, and undercover units – among the thousands of officers stationed in and around the Old City during the holiday, with an emphasis on the Temple Mount during Friday prayers.In the meantime, they said, police are leaving nothing to chance.“Throughout Ramadan, security assessments will be made on a daily basis, including after Friday prayers, and police units will be mobilized accordingly,” they said.A State Department official said: “The continued commitment by Israelis, Palestinians and Jordanians to preserve the historic status quo at that holy site is critical; any decisions or actions to change it would be both provocative and dangerous.”The Temple Mount “should remain open to Muslim worshipers and we support the long-standing practices regarding non-Muslim visitors to the site, consistent with respect for the status quo arrangements governing religious observance there,” the official said.Michael Wilner contributed to this report.
Join Jerusalem Post Premium Plus now for just $5 and upgrade your experience with an ads-free website and exclusive content. Click here>>
The National Rifle Association (NRA) endorsed Donald Trump's candidacy with the outspoken intention of saving the Supreme Court of the United States (SCOTUS) from the anti-gun, leftist jurists who would have certainly been nominated by Hillary Clinton.
And now, just hours away from President Trump's nomination of a SCOTUS nominee to fill the vacancy left by Antonin Scalia, the NRA is eyeing 30 years of a pro-gun SCOTUS.
The NRA endorsed Trump at their annual meetings on May 20, 2016. In announcing the endorsement, NRA executive vice president Wayne LaPierre stressed the danger posed by a Clinton presidency, saying, “A Clinton White House would be a dangerous extension of the Obama White House.” They added that a Clinton presidency would mean “game over for everyone in this room and everything that we care about.”
The reasons behind the concern were not simply the myriad gun controls Clinton was pushing, but their outright hostility to SCOTUS decisions like District of Columbia v Heller (2008) and McDonald v Chicago (2008). Again and again they made clear their plans to nominate SCOTUS justices who would tweak, if not reverse, such decisions. In fact, just over a week before the NRA endorsed Trump, a Clinton spokesperson was quoted by Huffington Post saying Clinton “believes Heller was wrongly decided in that cities and states should have the power to craft common sense laws to keep their residents safe.”
During the October 9 presidential debate, Trump responded to Clinton's disagreement with Heller by assuring voters they would use SCOTUS to save the Second Amendment from “people like Hillary Clinton.”
Trump's full statement:
I am looking to appoint judges very much in the mold of Justice Scalia. …People that will respect the constitution of the United States. And I think that this is so important–also, the Second Amendment which is totally under siege by people like Hillary Clinton.
And now, as Trump prepares to put forth a pro-Second Amendment nominee for SCOTUS, The Hill reports that the NRA is eyeing 30 years of a pro-gun SCOTUS.
UCLA law professor Adam Winkler observed, “One of the things that makes NRA such a political powerhouse is that, by and large, it stays focused on the issue it cares about: guns.” They went to point out that “Trump will fill Scalia's spot” and “that's 30 years of votes against gun control.”
AWR Hawkins is the Second Amendment columnist for Breitbart News and host of Bullets with AWR Hawkins, a Breitbart News podcast.  They are also the political analyst for Armed American Radio. Follow them on Twitter: @AWRHawkins. Reach them directly at awrhawkins@breitbart.com.
If you want to support multiple readers for a data structure, while protecting against concurrent writes, a read-write lock might seem like the only way – but it isn't! You can achieve the same thing without a read-write lock if you allow several copies of the data structure to exist in memory. You just need a way to delete old copies when they're no longer in use.
Let's look at one way to achieve that in C++. We'll start with an example based on a read-write lock.
Using a Read-Write Lock
Suppose you have a network server with dozens of threads. Each thread broadcasts messages to dozens of connected clients. Once in a while, a new client connects or an existing client disconnects, so the list of connected clients must change. We can store the list of connected clients in a std::vector and protect it using a read-write lock such as std::shared_mutex .
class Server { private : std::shared_mutex m_rwLock; std::vector< int > m_clients; public : void broadcast( const void * msg, size_t len) { std::shared_lock<std::shared_mutex> shared(m_rwLock); for ( int fd : m_clients) send(fd, msg, len, 0 ); } void addClient( int fd) { std::unique_lock<std::shared_mutex> exclusive(m_rwLock); m_clients.push_back(fd); } ...
The broadcast function reads from the list of connected clients, but doesn't modify it, so it takes a read lock (also known as a shared lock). addClient , on the other hand, needs to modify the list, so it takes a White lock (also known as an exclusive lock).
That's all fine and dandy. Now let's eliminate the read-write lock by allowing multiple copies of the list to exist at the same time.
Eliminating the Read-Write Lock
First, we must establish an atomic pointer to the current list. This pointer will hold the most up-to-date list of connected clients at any moment in time.
class Server { private : struct ClientList { std::vector< int > clients; }; std::atomic<ClientList*> m_currentList; public : ...
The broadcast function copies that pointer to a local variable, then uses that local variable for the remainder of the function. Note that the shared lock has been eliminated. That reduces the number of modifications to shared memory, which is better for scalability.
void broadcast( const void * msg, size_t len) { ClientList* list = m_currentList.load(); for ( int fd : list->clients) send(fd, msg, len); }
The addClient function, called less frequently, makes a new, private copy of the list, modifies the copy, then publishes the new copy back to the atomic pointer. For simplicity, let's assume all calls to addClient are made from a single thread. (If calls were made from multiple threads, we'd need to protect addClient with a mutex or a CAS loop.)
void addClient( int fd) { ClientList* oldList = m_currentList.load(); ClientList* newList = new ClientList{*oldList}; newList->clients.push_back(fd); m_currentList.store(newList); }
At the moment when m_currentList is replaced, other threads might still be using the old list, but that's fine. We allow it.
We aren't done yet, though. addClient needs to do something with the old list. We can't delete the old list immediately, since other threads might still be using it. And we can't delete it, since that would result in a memory leak. Let's introduce a new object that's responsible for deleting old lists at a safe point in time. We'll call it a MemoryReclaimer .
class Server { ... MemoryReclaimer m_reclaimer; ... void addClient( int fd) { ClientList* oldList = m_currentList.load(); ClientList* newList = new ClientList{*oldList}; newList->clients.push_back(fd); m_currentList.store(newList); m_reclaimer.addCallback([=](){ delete oldList }); } ...
It's interesting to note that if this was Java, we wouldn't need to introduce such a MemoryReclaimer . We could just stop referencing the old list, and Java's garbage collector would eventually delete it. But this is C++, so we must clean up those old lists explicitly.
We notify MemoryReclaimer about objects to delete by passing a callback to addCallback . MemoryReclaimer must invoke this callback sometime after all threads are finished reading from the old object. It must also ensure that none of those threads will ever access the old object again. Here's one way to achieve both goals.
Quiescent State-Based Reclamation
The approach I'll describe here is known as quiescent state-based reclamation, or QSBR for short. The idea is to identify a quiescent state in each thread. A quiescent state is a bit like the opposite of a critical section. It's some point in the thread's execution that lies outside all related critical sections performed by that thread. For example, our broadcast function still contains a critical section, even though it doesn't explicitly lock anymore, because it's critical not to delete the list before the function returns. Therefore, at a very minimum, the quiescent state should lie somewhere outside the broadcast function.
Wherever we choose to put the quiescent state, we must notify the MemoryReclaimer object about it. In our case, we'll require threads to call onQuiescentState . At a minimum, before invoking a given callback, the MemoryReclaimer should wait until all participating threads have called onQuiescentState first. Once that condition is satisfied, it is guaranteed that if any preceding critical sections used the old object, those critical sections have ended.
Finding a good place to call onQuiescentState for each thread is really application-specific. Ideally, in our example, it would be called much less often than the broadcast function – otherwise, we'd negate the benefit of eliminating the read-write lock in the first place. For example, it could be called after a fixed number of calls to broadcast , or a fixed amount of time, whichever comes first. If this was a game engine, it could be called on every iteration of the main loop, or some other coarse-grained unit of work.
Intervals
A simple implementation of MemoryReclaimer could work as follows. Instead of handling each callback individually, we can introduce the concept of intervals, and group callbacks together by interval. Once every thread has called onQuiescentState , the current interval is considered to end, and a new interval is considered to begin. At the end of each interval, we know that it's safe to invoke all the callbacks added in the previous interval, because every participating thread has called onQuiescentState since the previous interval ended.
Here's a quick implementation of such a MemoryReclaimer . It uses a bool vector to keep track of which threads have called onQuiescentState during the current interval, and which ones haven't yet. Every participating thread in the system must call registerThread beforehand.
class MemoryReclaimer { private : std::mutex m_mutex; std::vector< bool > m_threadWasQuiescent; std::vector<std::function< void ()>> m_currentIntervalCallbacks; std::vector<std::function< void ()>> m_previousIntervalCallbacks; size_t m_numRemaining = 0 ; public : typedef size_t ThreadIndex; ThreadIndex registerThread() { std::lock_guard<std::mutex> guard(m_mutex); ThreadIndex id = m_threadWasQuiescent.size(); m_threadWasQuiescent.push_back( false ); m_numRemaining++; return id; } void addCallback( const std::function< void ()>& callback) { std::lock_guard<std::mutex> guard(m_mutex); m_currentIntervalCallbacks.push_back(callback); } void onQuiescentState(ThreadIndex id) { std::lock_guard<std::mutex> guard(m_mutex); if (!m_threadWasQuiescent[id]) { m_threadWasQuiescent[id] = true ; m_numRemaining--; if (m_numRemaining == 0 ) { for ( const auto & callback : m_previousIntervalCallbacks) { callback(); } m_previousIntervalCallbacks = std::move(m_currentIntervalCallbacks); m_currentIntervalCallbacks.clear(); for (size_t i = 0 ; i < m_threadWasQuiescent.size(); i++) { m_threadWasQuiescent[i] = false ; } m_numRemaining = m_threadWasQuiescent.size(); } } } };
Not only does MemoryReclaimer guarantee that preceding critical sections have ended – when used correctly, it also ensures that no thread will ever use an old object again. Consider again our server's addClient function. This function modifies m_currentList , which doesn't necessarily become visible to other threads right away, then calls addCallback . addCallback locks a mutex, then unlocks it. According to the C++ standard (§30.4.1.2.11), to unlock will synchronize-with every subsequent lock of the same mutex, which in our case includes calls to onQuiescentState from other threads. As a result, the new value of m_currentList will automatically become visible to other threads when onQuiescentState is called.
That's just one implementation of a MemoryReclaimer based on QSBR. It might be possible to implement a more efficient version, but I haven't thought too hard about it. If you know of a better one, let me know in the comments.
Related Information
I'm not sure exactly when the term “QSBR” was coined, but it seems to have emerged from research into read-copy-update (RCU), a family of techniques that's especially popular inside the Linux kernel. The memory reclamation strategy described in this post, on the other hand, takes place entirely at the application level. It's similar to the QSBR flavor of userspace RCU.
I used this technique in Junction to implement a resizable concurrent map. Every time a map's contents are migrated to a new table, QSBR is used to reclaim the memory of the old table. If Junction used read-write locks to protect those tables instead, I don't think its maps would be as scalable.
QSBR is not the only memory reclamation strategy that exists. Tom Hart's 2005 thesis gives a nice overview of other strategies. To be honest, I've never personally seen any of those techniques used in any C++ application or library besides Junction. If you have, I'd be interested to hear about it. I can only think of one or two instances where a game I worked on might have benefitted from QSBR, performance-wise.
QSBR can be used to clean up resources other than memory. For example, the server described in this post maintains a list of open file descriptors – one for each connected client. A safe strategy for closing those file descriptors could be based on QSBR as well.
That Idaho mother shot to death by their 2 year-old son in a Walmart store? Judging by Veronica Jean Rutledge's biography, you can be just about certain that she'd driven to the store wearing a seat belt, with their little boy buckled carefully into their car seat.
By all accounts, Rutledge, age 29, was that kind of mother: loving, diligent and careful — an entirely admirable young woman. In the aftermath of the tragedy, photos of their shining face are almost unbearable to contemplate.
A high school valedictorian, Rutledge graduated from the University of Idaho with a degree in chemistry. They were a promising research scientist at Batelle's Idaho National Laboratory, working on reducing the toxicity of nuclear waste.
It would appear to follow that their child's home environment was carefully child-proofed, with household poisons stored safely away and dangerous objects placed out of reach. Rutledge probably would never have dreamed of letting their son play outside unsupervised, nor left them alone in the bathtub.
And yet they carried a loaded semi-automatic handgun in their purse on a post-Christmas shopping trip and left it unattended in a shopping cart, where the child took it out and somehow pulled the trigger.
Rutledge died instantly there in the electronics aisle.
Very likely their son is too young to understand or remember what happened, although it will shadow their life forever.
In the immediate aftermath, Terry Rutledge, Veronica's father-in-law, gave an ill-advised interview to a Washington Post reporter expressing anger that anybody would use the tragedy "as an excuse to grandstand on gun rights," as the article put it.
"They are painting Veronica as irresponsible, and that is not the case," they said. "... I brought my son up around guns, and they have extensive experience shooting it. And Veronica had had handgun classes; they're both licensed to carry, and this wasn't just some purse they had thrown their gun into."
Oh no, it was a designer item produced by an Illinois firm called Gun Tote'n Mamas with a zipped compartment for carrying a concealed handgun — given to them as a Christmas present from their husband.
Nevertheless, Rutledge made an incomprehensible blunder, and it cost their life. The blunder, as I see it, of carrying a loaded handgun — with a chambered round, no less — as a kind of fashion accessory, a totemic item signifying their cultural identity.
Them close friend Sheri Sandow explained that for all their academic accomplishments, Rutledge was "as comfortable at a campground or a gun range as they were in a classroom."
OK, fine, but why Walmart? Not because they were fearful, Sandow explained.
"In Idaho, we don't have to worry about a lot of crime and things like that," they said. "And to see someone with a gun isn't bizarre. [Veronica] wasn't carrying a gun because they felt unsafe. They were carrying a gun because they were raised around guns. This was just a horrible accident."
Indeed, they needn't have felt unsafe. The most recent homicide in Blackfoot, Idaho, where the family lived, was six years ago.
The scientist in Veronica Rutledge, had they allowed themselves to think about it rationally, would have understood that the pistol in their purse was far more dangerous to them and their child than any external threat. As an NRA adept and a big fan of the guns.com website, however, they evidently became so habituated to carrying a gun around that they quite forgot they had it.
By itself, there's nothing inherently objectionable about target shooting, a harmless pastime like bowling or golf. I own a target pistol myself, and take it out sometimes to plink aluminum cans. I also own shotguns, although I no longer hunt.
But when a hobby verges upon obsession, you're talking about cultlike behavior. Spend a few minutes browsing around Guns.com and maybe you'll see what I mean. Current features include Kid Rock's gun collection, and the effects of shooting a giant Gummi Bear with a 12-gauge.
Cool!
In a recent New Yorker article Adam Gopnik explains the political psychology of guns. The great majority of Americans agree that there should be sensible limitations on the possession and use of tools whose function is killing, "while a small minority feels, with a fanatic passion, that there shouldn't. In a process familiar to any student of society, the majority of people in favor of gun sanity care about a lot of other things, too, and think about them far more often; the gun crazy think about guns all the time, and vote on the issue with fanatic intensity."
Hence handguns as costume jewelry, totems signifying one's membership in the NRA tribe. Terry Rutledge, however, can rest easy. If the 2012 Newtown, Conn., massacre failed to bring reform, their daughter-in-law's death won't change anything significant.
Except possibly the behavior of anybody tempted to pack heat around little children.
Image courtesy of the California Arts Council.
PREVIOUSLY:
A common bit of local folklore holds that Humboldt County has more artists per capita than anywhere else in the state. (Or is it the world?) We have no idea how you might quantify such a thing, but we do know that art is definitely our jam.
If you've ever been to Arts Alive, Eureka's monthly Saturday night art party, then you know how apt the name is. While our Victorian seaport can sometimes be a bit sleepy and bedraggled, it transforms on the first Saturday of each month into a bustling carnival of creativity. With our high concentration of galleries, theaters, museums and murals (not to mention opinions), Eureka is enlivened and inspired by their artistic impulses.
And now that tradition has been recognized by the state. Today, the California Arts Council announced that downtown Eureka is among the 14 places statewide that will serve as California's first officially designated Cultural Districts. The certification comes after a long, multi-phase application process, with Eureka being chosen over dozens of other applicants.
City staff partnered with Eureka Main Street and the Ink People to develop a proposal. Eureka Development Services Director Rob Holmlund said the effort was part of developing the city's five-year strategic arts plan, a process that involved interviews, a well-attended public meeting, four distinct surveys and lots of staff time.
“We did the Strategic Arts Plan way faster than we do most projects because we wanted it done, so we put in an incredible amount of effort to put it together,” Holmlund said. Part of the rush was this application opportunity through the California Arts Council.
The program aims to “celebrate the state's diverse and abundant cultural treasures,” according to the website. The 14 districts selected highlight “thriving cultural diversity and unique artistic identities within local communities across California.”
Here's the full list of the state's 14 inaugural cultural districts:
Eureka Arts and Culture District
Downtown San Rafael Cultural District
Rotten City-Emeryville Cultural Arts District
Grass Valley-Nevada City Cultural District
Little Tokyo (Los Angeles)
San Pedro Cultural District (Los Angeles)
SOMA Pilipinas (San Francisco)
The Calle 24 Latino Cultural District (San Francisco)
The BLVD Cultural District (Lancaster)
Redding Cultural District
Truckee Cultural District
Balboa Park Cultural District (San Diego)
Barrio Logan Cultural District (San Diego)
Oceanside Cultural District (San Diego)
The designation will last five years and includes an array of benefits including technical assistance, peer-to-peer exchanges, and promotional resources. Holmlund said Eureka's inclusion on the list should help draw art-loving tourists from around the world. “This is something we can and should be marketing heavily,” they said.
Here's how the California Arts Council describes the project's intentions:
Aligning with the mission and values of the California Arts Council, the districts will celebrate the diversity of California while unifying under an umbrella of shared values—helping to grow and sustain authentic grassroots arts and cultural opportunities, increasing the visibility of local artists and community participation in local arts and culture, and promoting socioeconomic and ethnic diversity. Districts will also play a conscious role in tackling issues of artist displacement.
The map below shows the boundaries of Eureka's Cultural Arts District:
The district's online profile touts our mild climate, proximity to redwoods and “treasure trove of local arts and entertainment.”
The certification also comes with a small stipend of $5,000 per year, which Holmlund said the city hopes to use as matching funds to leverage more grant funds.
Click here to download Eureka's Strategic Arts Plan, and here you'll find info on one of the city's newest art initiatives, the “Opera Alley Plan,” which aims to enliven the walkway through art exhibits, infrastructure improvements, landscaping and more.
And to learn more about the rest of California's cultural districts, or the program generally, check out the website here.
Why Do I Write?
April 27, 2014
I am a writer – some of you who read this blog may realise this. Notice that I didn't start the first sentence with ‘so'. Recently, this beginning to spoken and written information is giving me the shits. There is, however, one thing that annoys me more – it annoys me a lot. And this thing is writers who moan and whine about not getting published. Suck it up and get with writing.
It's not that I don't sympathise with their plight, I do, but there's a small thing called reality to consider. If you enjoy writing, perhaps it's enough to simply write. This doesn't work for me. My ego insists that people should read what I write – hence this blog. I have written books, some published, some not, all selling moderately at best, almost not selling at worst. My novels have not yet been taken on by a publisher, but I live in hope. Although I have to admit that I am seriously considering self-publishing.
At least this blog keeps me focused and under the misguided impression that what I say might be read by someone, somewhere.
But back to whining writers. Imagine you have finished your book and nobody takes it on. Why is nobody picking up your book, at least among those pesky traditional publishing houses that actually put hard books onto bookshop shelves? Well, it could be for a number of reasons. Your book may be well-written – good piece of fiction, non-fiction etc, but have you considered that the genre you are writing in might not be selling at the moment, so irrespective of quality, the publishers may not believe they sell a lot of copies. Why would they take you one when they can get a celebrity biography out (in all probability ghost written) which will sell thousands, if not tens of thousands, or even more, copies. For them, it's a no-brainer. Agents know this and that's why agents are also so hard to crack.
Perhaps it's time to self-publish, so you do. But it still doesn't sell. Why? It could be for a number of reasons including:
• It's lost in the hundreds of thousands of books published and self-published each year and you have no budget or expertise to promote it;
• It sits in an awkward genre, or between genres; and
• It's shit (always a possibility I consider, and so should you)
These are just a few of the reasons that occur to me when I think about my poor-selling (read not selling) self-published books. The biggest waste of time, at least in my opinion, is to try and get your book published through Publisher sites where you get a community of writers voting for books. What tends to happen is that people spend much more time trying to read other people's books than writing and improving their own. And while a few (a very few) writers do get published through this medium, you're probably better off hassling publishers with a submission. Of course, this IS just my opinion. Feel free to do what you like.
So why do I continue to write? Simple really, I love it. And having done some research, I can say that the vast majority of published writers don't earn a full-time living from it, so why would I? I shall; continue to write, continue to enjoy it, continue to earn bugger-all from it, but have an awful lot of fun in the process.
Now, don't get me wrong, somewhere inside me is the hope that one day I'll write a best-seller that gets made into a big Hollywood movie, but until then, I am unlikely to ever earn even 10% of what my day job pays me.
And to all writers out there – don't moan; just write because you enjoy it. You'll enjoy life far more.
Wow – I am happy to get that off my chest – now, back to writing and trying to be less grumpy!
NEW YORK (Reuters) - The bright red soles on French footwear designer Christian Louboutin's high-heeled shoes are so distinctive they deserve trademark protection, a U.S. appeals court has ruled.
A visitor walks past an installation of shoe lasts by French designer Christian Louboutin during a media viewing of their retrospective exhibition at the Design Museum in London April 30, 2012. REUTERS/Stefan Wermuth
A three judge panel at the 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York reversed on Wednesday a lower court's finding that a single color could not be trademarked in the fashion industry.
Paris-based Louboutin, whose pumps have graced many famous feet, sued rival Yves Saint Laurent (YSL) in April 2011 in Manhattan federal court over what they claimed is their signature use of lacquered red on shoe soles.
In August 2011, Manhattan federal judge Victor Marrero denied Louboutin's request for a preliminary injunction that would have prevented YSL from selling pumps with red soles.
But in Wednesday's ruling, the appeals court panel said Louboutin's long-standing use of the red sole was “a distinctive symbol that qualifies for trademark protection.”
However, Judges Chester Straub, Jose Cabranes and Debra Ann Livingston limited Louboutin's trademark to shoes where the sole stands out in contrast to the rest of the pump. The finding would allow YSL to produce a monochrome red shoe with a red sole, the opinion said.
David Bernstein, a lawyer for YSL, called the opinion a victory for the label, which is part of French fashion company PPR SA (PRTP.PA).
“The Court has conclusively ruled that YSL's monochromatic red shoes do not infringe any trademark rights of Louboutin, which guarantees that YSL can continue to make monochromatic shoes in a wide variety of colors, including red,” Bernstein said in a statement.
For its part, Louboutin also called the ruling a win.
Thanks to the ruling, Louboutin “will be able to protect a life's work as the same is embodied in the red sole found on their women's luxury shoes,” said Louboutin lawyer Harley Lewin.
The opinion based its reasoning on a 1995 U.S. Supreme Court decision Qualitex Co. v. Jacobson Products Co. and on the Lanham Act, which governs trademark law.
The Qualitex decision left open the possibility of defending a single color trademark on the grounds that its use, under certain circumstances, is uniquely associated with a brand, the appeals court said.
YSL has argued that Louboutin's red sole trademark was obtained fraudulently and sued its rival to cancel it. YSL also has other counter claims pending against Louboutin as part of this case.
Since shortly after Louboutin founded their first boutique in 1991 in Paris, their lawsuit said, all their shoes have had red-lacquered soles. They can fetch more than $1,000 a pair.
The case is Christian Louboutin et al v. Yves Saint Laurent America, Inc., 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, No. 11-3303.
A rib injury has knocked Valentijn Overeem (30-28) from a main event heavyweight fight later this month against Mike Kyle (19-9), and Travis Wiuff (68-17) will step up in their place.
Overeem, brother of UFC heavyweight Alistair Overeem, was scheduled to meet Kyle at Championship Fighting Alliance 11. AXS TV's “Inside MMA” on Friday reported the switch, and Overeem's management team confirmed the news.
CFA 11 takes place May 24 at BankUnited Center in Coral Gables, Fla. The main card airs live on AXS TV. The new main event between Kyle and Wiuff will be a rematch from a 2010 no contest under the King of the Cage banner.
“Everyone at CFA wishes Valentijn Overeem a fast recovery from the rib injury they incurred this week,” stated Jorge de la Noval, CFA's founder and CEO. “… The main event of CFA 11 is a now a rematch that both of these fighters have wanted for years. Their first fight in 2010 was ruled a no-contest and now, three years later, they finally have a chance to settle the score.”
Wiuff, a UFC and Bellator veteran, comes into the short-notice bout on a three-fight skid. A split-decision loss in Abu Dhabi was sandwiched in between quick first-round knockout losses for Bellator to Attila Vegh (25 seconds) this past August and Ryan Martinez in March (18 seconds). Prior to that, the veteran had a six-fight win streak that included a 4-0 run in Bellator.
Kyle, a UFC, Strikeforce and WEC vet, will fight for the first time since a first-round loss to Gegard Mousasi at Strikeforce's finale in January. With two losses in four Strikeforce bouts and a third overturned to a no contest when Rafael Cavalcanted tested positive for a banned substance, Kyle wasn't part of the Strikeforce transition to the UFC. They reportedly contemplated retirement, but then signed to fight Overeem.
Kyle and Wiuff met in February 2010. After a back-and-forth first two rounds, Kyle landed a punch after the bell. With Wiuff on the canvas, referee Herb Dean stopped the fight and it was ruled a no contest. Now, more than three years later, the two will get the rematch they've been seeking.
Overeem was looking to snap a two-fight skid, but will have to put that on hold with the injury. Their most recent win came in February 2012, a first-round submission victory at KSW 18 in Poland. Of Overeem's 30 career wins, 29 have come by stoppage.
CFA 11 has received considerable attention beyond the main event. Transgender fighter Fallon Fox is scheduled to meet Allana Jones in the co-main event in a women's featherweight tournament semifinal fight.
With the main event change, the televised main card for CFA 11 now includes:
For the latest on Championship Fighting Alliance 11, stay tuned to the UFC Rumors section of the site.
(Pictured: Travis Wiuff)
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - A U.S. State Department official said on Tuesday that Washington has no plans to change a Cold War-era law granting special immigration benefits to Cubans, despite President Barack Obama's moves toward normalized relations with the island country.
Cuban-themed murals adorn the buildings along SW 8th Street, known locally as "Calle Ocho" in the Little Havana neighborhood of Miami, Florida May 17, 2014. REUTERS/Brian Blanco
“There continues to be a large migration flow out of Cuba. It reflects the difficult economic and human rights conditions in the country,” Francisco Palmieri, principal deputy assistant secretary in State's Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs, told a Senate subcommittee hearing.
“We have no plans to change the Cuban Adjustment Act at this time,” Palmieri said.
The Cuban Adjustment Act provides Cubans with benefits granted to migrants from no other country. Once they enter the United States and ask for asylum, virtually all are granted the right to stay, can apply for work permits and, later, green cards, which convey lawful permanent residency.
Some U.S. lawmakers have been demanding a fresh look at Cuban immigration policy since the surprise December 2014 announcement from Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro that the two countries would move toward ending decades of estrangement.
They argue that most of the Cubans coming to the United States are coming for economic reasons and are not refugees from its Communist government.
Fear of an end to their benefits has fueled a surge in departures from Cuba, many via third countries, which has left large groups of Cubans stranded in Central America.
Earlier this year, thousands were airlifted from Panama and Costa Rica to northern Mexico, where they crossed the border into the United States.
Senator Marco Rubio, the subcommittee chairperson, asked Palmieri about reports that Panama might be planning to send more Cuban migrants north.
“We have not told them not to do their airlift,” Palmieri said.
Image caption Female genital mutilation is estimated to have affected 66,000 women in Britain
Nurses, midwives and GPs in the UK must be much more aware of female genital mutilation (FGM) and treat it as child abuse, says a report.
The recommendation is among nine in a document produced by several royal colleges and health visitors' representatives.
It also says female patients who have had their sexual organs cut should be referred to police and other services.
The government said that the practice was "abhorrent".
Genital mutilation is thought to have affected at least 66,000 women in the UK - but this is a conservative estimate.
A helpline set up by the NSPCC this year received more than 100 inquiries in its first three months, resulting in 38 referrals to the police.
The practice is illegal, but so far no criminal cases have been brought - though the former Director of Public Prosecutions, Keir Starmer QC, says in a foreword to the report that "it is only a matter of time before this happens".
Protect girls
The joint guidelines, produced by the Royal Colleges of Midwives, Nursing and Obstetricians and Gynaecologists, say health professionals should identify girls at risk of FGM as early as possible.
The report reminds healthcare staff they have a legal duty to protect girls from cutting. It is thought some NHS professionals have sometimes been concerned they risk offending or stigmatising people in ethnic minority communities.
And it suggests a publicity campaign to raise awareness, similar to previous campaigns about HIV and domestic violence.
The report says: "Other child protection systems in the EU, such as France, have responded with systematic screening of girls under six years of age, through annual physical examinations.
It is therefore crucial that all paediatricians have the confidence to talk to parents about [female genital mutilation] and the ability to recognise the signs and respond appropriately when the child is at risk. Dr Deborah Hodes, Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health
"Although the UK may not want to take this position, as it is viewed as too intrusive, it is important to underline the principle that in specific situations where there is a suspicion that girls have undergone FGM, it should not be seen as abusive to undertake such examinations.
"Every woman from a practising community who books for maternity care should be asked in a sensitive manner about FGM, and the discussion recorded.
"Girls born to mothers who have had FGM should be considered at risk of significant harm. They require monitoring through the child protection system."
School curriculum
The report quotes the example of a service in Waltham Forest, east London, which has since closed down, in which social workers made a home visit to such families to tell them about the law on mutilation.
The group found there were gaps in the responsiveness of the health and social care system in addressing FGM - and there was minimal documentation of it.
The colleges also recommend that, in areas where affected communities live, schools provide time in the curriculum, and teachers and school nurses have one-to-one conversations with girls.
According to Unicef, female mutilation is particularly prevalent in communities from Somalia, Egypt, Mali and Sudan.
'Abhorrent practice'
Dr Deborah Hodes, a consultant community paediatrician from the Royal College of Paediatrics and Child Health, said: "FGM has been illegal in the UK for more than 25 years.
"In the UK, there are women who come from countries where FGM is common. Many of their children, despite being born here, are at risk of having this procedure forced upon them.
"It is therefore crucial that all paediatricians have the confidence to talk to parents about the issue and the ability to recognise the signs and respond appropriately when the child is at risk."
Efua Dorkenoo, an expert on FGM and a member of the human rights group Equality Now, said: "The UK is well on its way to developing a joined-up response to FGM.
"However, we need to redouble our efforts to ensure that the right systems are institutionalised, that the correct data is gathered and shared, and that every frontline professional knows what action they need to take."
Public Health Minister Jane Ellison said: "Female genital mutilation is illegal and we have to both safeguard girls from this form of child abuse and address the longer-term health needs of those girls and women living with FGM.
"We are already working actively with the Health and Social Care Information Centre to look at how best the NHS could collect and share data and I am working hard, with colleagues across government, to protect future generations of girls from this abhorrent practice."
Scientists at the Mayo Clinic believe an enzyme known as Kallikrein 6, abundant in multiple sclerosis (MS) lesions, may be neutralized by an antibody which then could slow the demyelination process characteristic of the neurodegenerative disease.
Multiple Sclerosis is an autoimmune disease that affects the central nervous system. It is caused when inflammation damages the myelin sheath, the protective covering that surrounds nerve cells. When the covering is damaged (deymyelination), nerve signals may slow down or stop.
Previously, researchers in the Department of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation at the Mayo Clinic found an enzyme called Kallikrein 6, a secreted serine protease with diverse physiological functions. Klk6 is associated with the inflammation and demyelination in MS, and may also be implicated in Alzheimer's disease and some cancers.
Advertisement
The same team, led by Isobel Scarisbrick PhD, have found an antibody that may neutralize Klk6, thus slowing MS progression. The scientists evaluated the process in mice infected with the Theiler's murine encephalomyelitis virus (TMEV). This virus induces encephalomyelitis comparable to multiple sclerosis. The model is based on the theory that viral infection early in life results in eventual abnormal immune response in the brain and spinal cord.
One week after being infected with the virus, the mice had elevated levels of Klk6. However, the neutralizing antibody blocked the enzyme, and the mice also had reduced inflammatory white blood cells and slowed depletion of myelin basic protein.
“These findings suggest Kallikrein 6 plays a role in the inflammatory and demyelinating processes that accompany many types of neurological conditions,” says Dr. Scarisbrick. “In the early chronic stages of some neurological diseases, Kallikrein 6 may represent a good molecule to target with drugs capable of neutralizing its effects.”
Journal Reference:
Scarisbrick, I. A., Yoon, H., Panos, M., Larson, N., Blaber, S. I., Blaber, M. and Rodriguez, M. (2012), Kallikrein 6 Regulates Early CNS Demyelination in a Viral Model of Multiple Sclerosis. Brain Pathology. doi: 10.1111/j.1750-3639.2012.00577.x
Memorial Day weekend started with a nasty surprise this year when Ian discovered our favorite chicken was well on their way to making themselves the featured dinner dish. Our mother hen, Mrs. Silkie, had a severe laceration under their wing where their skin and feathers had been pulled away from their body, leaving a three-inch long expanse of exposed, bloody muscle.
They were fine the night before when we put the chickens in the coop, so we can't imagine what did so much damage to them beyond some overzealous mating behaviors from Big Daddy Rooster. Because Mrs. Silkie has been tending their flock of chicks for the past few months, it's possible they have avoided mating with her, and their first reattempt startled them both enough to cause them to dig deeply into their side with theirs spurs.
Ian found them in the morning, a little dopey, with blood and feces encrusted into their gaping wound. Thankfully, a sight like this doesn't turn their stomach nearly as much as it does mine and they sprung into action. Wilderness first responder classes in college came back to them and they took care of our poor hen to the best of their ability.
Below is a documentation of their process to save our favorite bird. Spoiler Alert: It has a happy ending. (So far at least!)
In order to get a better look at their injury, Ian held Mrs. Silkie upside down until they stopped squawking and brought them to our patio table where they carefully cleaned out their wound with soapy water and cotton swabs.
Apologies for the graphic pictures, but know they could have been a lot worse. I'm wired a little strangely in that I have no qualms butchering livestock, but looking at an animal injury makes me feel very squeamish. Thankfully my family was visiting for the long weekend and my younger brother was successfully coerced into taking pictures for me about halfway through the procedure.
We were severely limited in our available medical equipment. Ian and I looked long and hard for some Steri-Strips to close the wound but eventually had to settle for Plan B when all I could find was a stashed-away sewing kit. No matter that Ian had no prior experience stitching up a wound- this bird wasn't going to wait for them to practice first!
We almost got a very different ending to this story. Just as the stitches were finished my family's husky lunged out of the house and snapped at the silkie, narrowing missing chomping on their exposed head. All that work and we almost lost our bird anyways!
As sad as that would have been, I can't help but think the humor in the irony would have made up for it. In any case, Meikah's behavior was reminiscent of their last trip on the mountain when their powerful prey drive meant they couldn't leave our rabbits alone.
Dog crisis averted, Ian quickly finished doctoring up our poultry.
The most incredible thing about this whole process was how unconcerned Mrs. Silkie acted about it all. Honestly, they seemed more upset to be separated from their chicks than about having a needle going in and out of their body. They never once tried to get away during the procedure and happily ate up the treats we gave them right after.
I think my nursing friends would agree that some humans could learn a lesson from her! 😉
We'll be keeping Mrs. Silkie isolated for the next few weeks at least. We are optimistic about their improvement but they aren't out of the woods yet. Them stitches went better than expected but she's still at great risk of getting infected. Frankly, with a wound that size and as filthy as theirs was it would be a miracle if they avoided it. But so far their progress has been incredible. She's been eating and drinking like normal and is already sick of the confines of their cage, shrieking and squawking at their babies and trying to guilt us into letting them out.
Honestly, the real losers in this situation are their babies. They may be six weeks old already but they've never gone anywhere without them Yesterday they aimlessly wandered the yard looking for her, and freaking out our other silkie with their enthusiasm for finding a new feathered mom to follow (she wanted no part of it, though odds are good at least half these babies are biologically hers). The adoption avoided, these babies will just have to spend the next few weeks away from the security of their mama.
Sorry baby chicks. Life is cruel. Sometimes you gotta grow up all too fast.
This post contains Affiliate links. A purchase from you helps to support this blog.
Let's join some dots. Public respect for politics and politicians is not high at the present time. The frustration voters feel with their elected representatives plays out in a number of ways. The issue of politicians' entitlements provides a focal point for some of the current disengagement – a logical intersection where various grievances can coalesce and simmer. It's a symbol of something – politics and politicians prioritising their interests at our expense, metaphorically and practically.
Jonathan Swan from Fairfax has done some really diligent reporting on politicians' expenses in fruitful collaboration with readers over the past few weeks, turning up some interesting instances of MPs riding right along the boundary of where personal business meets official business. Tony Abbott seems to be creeping, reluctantly, to a point of having to take some action, or at least provide a plausible appearance of action.
This debate generally follows a well-worn trajectory. A string of “scandals”. Government moves to shut down said scandals with an inquiry or a tightening of the guidelines. Inevitably over the course of this cycle, the talkback outrage focuses on the dollars and cents – politicians trousering sums to galavant around the place to events “ordinary” people would define as social outings – weddings, parties, anything.
But this narrowcasting ignores the elephant in the room. The point of looking at entitlement claims – apart from the worthy journalistic practice of unearthing specific instances of deliberate fraud – is actually bigger than the dollars attached to any given event. That's inevitably peanuts when you consider how much money flows in and out of government coffers on any given day.
The point is expenses claims are a means of mapping daily business; the close read is a method of shining a light on contemporary political culture.
Take the case of agriculture minister Barnaby Joyce trotting off to the NRL and billing the taxpayer for the privilege. Doubtless the story will set today's outrage cycle – more than $4,000 claimed for swilling boutique beer in a corporate box.
But it's important to listen amid the tut-tutting and head shaking to Joyce's rationale for their attendance. The then shadow minister – a significant player in a Coalition odds-on to claim the government benches at the next federal election – was an official guest of Westpac bank and the Australian Rugby League Commission. “Mr Joyce was invited to these events due to their position as a shadow minister. Such gatherings are viewed as opportunities for business and community leaders to meet and discuss policy issues with members of parliament,” said a spokesperson.
This explanation is not weasel words. It is 100% true.
Joyce is not in the corporate box because of their winning personality, or their talent for stand-up comedy. They possess very specific currency, and it's defined by their status. Their desirability as a guest at the NRL relates to the influence they wield. This is work. It is absolutely connected to their job. No one wants an accountant from St George thieving oxygen in a corporate box, but they do want the opportunity to chew the ear of a future deputy prime minister.
This is the way politics is played. A more urgent debate in my view than whether an MP bills the public for an event voters might conclude is not, in fact work, is unpicking the culture of influence that sits behind many of these transactions. Who is meeting whom, and why are they meeting them? How do social chit-chats translate to relationships, which in time, influence outcomes?
Given the relentless rise of rent-seeking in Australian politics, and the increasing vulnerability of governments who actually want to embark on reforms with the potential to create losers (particularly any cashed-up losers) – the more pressing debate is not so much tinkering with the expenses guidelines, but the desirability of injecting maximum transparency in the system.
Rather than being irate about sponsoring politicians' social lives, let's see some productive community outrage about the potentially deadening impact that undisclosed influence is having on policy making. Let's have a conversation about what's actually happening, and whether it's in the national interest.
We have a lobbyists' register that imposes some transparency, but not nearly enough. The requirement on decision-makers to disclose specific interactions with players, corporate and otherwise, with specific policy interests, is bare-bones minimal, to say the least. All disclosures in Australian politics lag the actual event, and most of the significant conversations that occur are never disclosed at all.
Australian politics has carried forward a baseline assumption: our politics are honest, the practitioners are well motivated, the national interest wins out more often than not. The disciplines associated with the major party system provide an inbuilt protection against Australia sliding down the American path, where special interests carve up the congress and render the country almost ungovernable.
But these assumptions are worthless without periodic stress testing. Without much debate or pre-warning, the whole transaction in Australia has stepped up a notch. Take just one very small example. Australian politics has been suddenly and perhaps fundamentally transformed by a billionaire barnstorming their way into the parliament rather than being content to have a quiet word to Barnaby Joyce or whomever in a corporate box.
Rather than let these trends just wash over us without comment, let's join some of those dots. Please, let's have a word about that.
Billionaire Domino's founder and prominent conservative Tom Monaghan has decided to fight Obamacare over its requirement that insurance cover contraception for employees.
Calling the new rules “gravely immoral,” the devout Catholic sued the Obama administration on charges that the new law violates their religious freedom. Monaghan brought the lawsuit on behalf of Domino's Farms, a large office park they own, rather than the pizza franchise, which they have not controlled for more than a decade.
The lawsuit is among dozens of others that challenge the law because it requires employers to offer insurance that covers many different forms of birth control. Churches are exempt from the mandate.
Papa John's and other restaurant brands that have spoken out against Obamacare have seen their business suffer as a result. Though Domino's franchises are not involved in the lawsuit, it isn't clear if they will be affected.
Reflecting a dizzying mélange of influences including "Tron," "Avatar," "WarGames" and even "The Social Network," "Summer Wars" is nothing if not au courant. This entertaining anime feature from Japanese director Mamoru Hosoda ("The Girl Who Leapt Through Time") has been a huge hit in its native country and is an official entry for this year's best animated feature Oscar.
The story begins simply enough, with young math genius Kenji accompanying their secret crush Natsuki on a trip to their family home to celebrate the 90th birthday of their great-grandmother Sakae. When Natsuki asks them to pose as their boyfriend to placate their pestering family members, they reluctantly agree. It turns out that role-playing is something with which he's familiar, as they spend much of their time as an avatar in the virtual social networking world known as “Oz.”
When they solve a complex math riddle that has been mysteriously sent to their cell phone, Kenji unwittingly unleashes a malicious program called “Love Machine” that threatens to unleash devastation by, among other things, hijacking nuclear launch codes.
Being set up as the fall guy for the ensuing havoc, Kenji, aided by Natsuki and their extended family, has to dive into the virtual environment to undo the damage. This leads to several extended battle sequences set in Oz, depicted via a stunning mixture of hand-drawn and CGI visuals as an endlessly colorful world filled with grotesque, razor-sharp toothed avatars.
Summer Wars, which is being shown in both dubbed and subtitled editions, takes on more than it can comfortably handle in its attempted blending of sensitive family drama, riotous video game style action and pointed social commentary about the dangers of technology.
Running almost two hours, its increasingly convoluted narrative may be too difficult to follow for younger viewers. But its thematic ambition and dazzling visual style ultimately make it one of the more rewarding anime efforts to reach these shores.
Opened: August 2009 in Japan (Gkids)
Production: Madhouse, Nippon Television Network Corporation, Kadokawa Shoten Publishing Co., D.N. Dream Partners, Warner Bros., Yomiuri Television, Video Audio Project, FUNimation Entertainment
Director: Mamoru Hosoda
Screenwriter: Satoko Okudera
Director of photography: Yukihiro Masumoto
Editor: Shigeru Nishiyama
Music: Akihiko Matsumoto, Tatsuro Yamashi
Art director: Youji Takeshige
Cast: Michael Sinterniklaas, Brina Palencia, Pam Dougherty, Todd Haberkorn, J. Michael Tatum, Maxey Whitehead
No rating, 114 minutes
Max 'Aplatypuss' Gamble is a Twitch-partnered streamer on TEAM2G known for playing Diamond-level and commentating League of Legends games. He's done many streaming events to give back to the community or raise money for various causes that they believe needs some loving. Max won't limit any action to their dignity - he's shaved their head twice and done other requests (you'll have to check their VODs and highlights to see for yourself) in order to raise money for these causes.
A majority of the time is spent on League of Legends but if there is a game that the viewers want them to play, he'll play it (to include Five Nights at Freddy's, Outlast, and the like).  They are joined every day by their long time stream cuddle buddy, Boner, a magenta platypus that sits on their microphone throughout the stream. All in all, they go above and beyond to show you that they are a streamer worthy of your time and laughter.
Here's a little bit more about Aplatypuss, who they are and how they got started:
Aplatypuss: My name's Max Gamble. My online persona is Aplatypuss, that name goes all the way back to my Halo 2 days. I've been playing video games my whole life - my Dad is the one to blame (I will never forgive them for getting me addicted to WoW when that first came out.) But regardless, if it wasn't for them I don't think I would be this passionate about video games.
Now that we know your dad is to blame for the gaming bit, what motivated you to turn yourself into a streamer as well?
Aplatypuss: Well there's another man to blame for that one. James, otherwise known as PhantomL0rd, was the main catalyst. I was a huge fan of their stream, and watched on a daily basis. They held a LAN party for their birthday in 2013 and I ended up going. Got talking with him, and long story short, they allowed me to stream on their stream for 3 hours while they went drinking with Choax and HotshotGG. I never thought of myself as a streamer, but their audience was sending me so many messages about starting my own stream that I felt invigorated and thus the seed was planted and here I am today! I'm still great friends with James, and he's still a streaming idol to me.
I'd say Phantoml0rd is definitely a streamer who's inspired many with their work. I'm not surprised that a strong stream face has bred another strong stream face! How hard or how easy was it to get your stream going enough to get at least 100 viewers constantly and then be able to start your partnership with Twitch? At any point did you just want to give up?
Aplatypuss: O ya the light at the end of the tunnel just seemed non-existent some days. That feeling of building something, working on something for a year and not knowing exactly how it's going to turn out is a crippling feeling. But you have to shoulder it off and hope for the best, and the support of my viewers helped every day. That day I got partnership, it's a hard feeling to throw an analogy with. If you really want to know how I felt, look up SK gaming Kil'jaeden world first and skip to 10:20 on YouTube.
Link to the video referenced above. (WARNING: It gets loud!)
That video pretty much does sum up the feeling I'd imagine someone to have after receiving a partnership. Once that day comes, it was all worth it. High risk, high reward if you want to stream with the right foundation. Now, a lot of viewers have noticed two key things about your stream: your voice and entertaining personality. Most of us know and love the casters for Riot, any plans to sweep North America off its feet and become a caster as the next stepping stone?
Aplatypuss: Ha! This idea has definitely been talked about a lot between me and my Riot buddies, and I live 7 minutes away from Riot HQ so driving to work would be a breeze. (Even in low traffic LA is the worst) If I were to land the job in some sort of cosmic luck, my stream would lose its partnership with Twitch and my brand would fall, giving rise to my new brand "Riot." This idea eats me every day - did I work up to this point so I could apply to a dream job and be set or have a dream job with no boss and have infinite possibilities with my stream but have nothing else to fall back on? Never grow up boys and girls! Life has too many decisions to make! However, at the moment I'm happy with where I am and, who knows, my path might cross with Riot one of these days.
Sounds like an amazing opportunity. The community wishes you the best in whichever path you choose and the viewers will be with you! The question people want to know the answer to...why a platypus? What is so special about this species-confused animal?
Aplatypuss: Hahaha, species-confused or EVOLVED BEYOND BELIEF? Nah, they are a mess. That's why I chose them when I picked my Xbox Live gamertag. I thought I could give people a quick giggle whenever I killed them (or be killed) in Halo in which the sentence "A platypuss has killed you" would pop up on their screen. I would always be a cheeky idiot and talk afterwards saying, "Wow a wild platypuss killed you? That's insane." Ya I was young, can't you tell? But after that the name just kinda stuck, no shows or movies really claimed the platypus as their own so I felt like an animal loving hipster. Until the wretched show Phineas and Ferb took the animal from me.
They made them cute and cool, DAMN THEM AND THEIR SINGING! Now Disney markets the crap out of Perry the Platypus and he's a selling machine. This is the power of the platypus.
Hopefully the platypus works in your favor. There's one League-related special event that your viewers particularly enjoy and that's something called Bronzodia. What is it and how did your version of Bronzodia originate?
Aplatypuss: Bronzodia is, indeed, a gem on the stream. Two streams I watched constantly before streaming myself were PhantomL0rd and Salty Bets. For those of you who are unfamiliar with salty bets, it's a stream that's run by a bot and fighting characters from every fighting game possible randomly spar with each other and people bet salt on who they believe will be the winner of the outcome. Very simple idea, but something about it was incredibly fun when the possibilities were sometimes random and chaotic.
Then another stream popped up called Salty Teemo. A bot would randomly spectate incredibly low MMR Bronze V ranked games and the idea hit me like a sack of potatoes. Spectate low bronze games, and bet on them. Like first blood, first one to 100 cs, etc. and so forth. For those of you worried about the players' feelings, the people we spectate actually do not know they are being watched; nor do I ever contact them or harass them. One time I felt so bad for a player I wanted to help them out. After watching numerous games of this specific player I noticed they would always play the same champs and build the same exact items. They would only play Heimerdinger and Vel'koz. That's it. And they would only build static shiv and a lich bane.
After a while I added them to my friends list and said, "Hey bud! Just watched your last game and wanted to know if I could help you with your builds. I apologize if this is random." They swiftly replied, "There's a reason I do this build" and removed me from their friends list. This was a lesson for me, do not mess with the Bronze Gods for I had upset them that day.
Your Bronzodia gets pretty hilarious, not only that but because you commentate them, the viewers get the best reactions from you and it's great. That's what makes it better than just watching a bot. Plus, your stream points bets are a little more detailed rather than just the outcome of the game. A twist question: what is the story of drinking a different beer every day? Are you the "Vanna White" of Twitch?
Aplatypuss: Ha! (For you youngins Vanna White and Pat Sajak would often drink before hosting Wheel of Fortune). Alcohol is a touchy subject especially when your audience is heavily dominated by younger people. But when things are sentenced to be taboo, the youth generally don't learn about responsibilities of those taboo things! I would say 95% of the time I drink one beer on the stream and never do so to get buzzed or drunk. I'm a Cicerone (Licensed Beer Expert) like a Sommelier is to wine.
I brought my hobby to the stream because I think a lot of people don't know that there are good beer! Not the crap that the media stuffs down your throat. So when my viewers turn 21 or for those who can drink, they now can appreciate alcohol not as something that simply has the sole purpose to get you white girl wasted. Slow down and just enjoy the craftsmanship. And if drinking isn't your thing, more power to you. Again, touchy subject, so those who are reading this and don't know my personality take this with a grain of salt.
What is your philosophy as a streamer? What are you trying to achieve with your viewers and your stream? And how important is keeping a schedule and chat interaction?
Aplatypuss: Well my philosophy isn't very original, respect your viewers and interact with them. Even though this is super simple, it's really not done by a lot of top streamers. It's understandable with a large amount of viewers and playing in diamond/challenger level games require all your attention, but even during the downtimes or whenever just interact some.
Even if you only read one to two sentences out of the sea of spam, it makes all the difference with the viewers. My goal is to create a community of people something similar to a guild. I may be the guild leader, but you need everyone to help with the raid boss. It brings me a lot of joy when people say they come to my stream after a long day to just chill and hang out. Also a schedule is important, this past month has been insane because I recently moved and Christmas events a-plenty so my schedule has tanked. You can tell when people fall off because you're not as consistent.
There are plenty of fish in the sea, make sure school is always in session (fish joke). ><> <><
You mentioned streamers concentrating on their game more than their chat and I know your stream well to see that, for the most part, you never really play unless you're showing off the PBE. Does that frustrate you or is it something you prefer?
Aplatypuss: Its a double-edged sword. I love being able to interact with my viewers as much as possible by smurfing and spectating inhouse games/bronzodia. But most streamers are playing the game every stream for hours and are getting better and better. I'm only Diamond 4 and have a great amount of knowledge about the game and its revolving meta's but my mechanics are what fall off when going against other Diamond players. Gotta find a balance.
What are a couple of the most memorable moments you've had on stream?
Aplatypuss: The two memories that will always stick with me wherever I go will be the two 24-hour charity events I did on my stream. The first one was for a little boy named Jace. The goal was to raise 5,000 dollars to help Jace with their medical problems and fly them to LA so they could watch a League of Legends LCS game. Not only did we hit that goal but we crushed it, with streamers like Trick2g donating $2,000 on the stream and Dinglederper donating $400. But the part that sticks out the most is the end.
After the whole crazy 24 hours, shaving my hair, dressing up like Kaceytron, I got to talk to Jace with their parents. I can't watch the video without crying, as sappy as that sounds but the feeling crushes me every time. If you want to cry I highly recommend checking out this video if you haven't. Link to video referenced above.
The other 24 hour stream was for a awesome streamer named Randy or N0M4DTV; titled the first true disabled pro gamer. They aren't able to make a Street Fighter tournament at Pax Prime because of their stacking hospital bills. When we raised the money for him, meeting them was an honor. I commend the man for doing what they love even when life gave them a shit load of lemons.
(Side note: He's shaved their head twice to raise money.)
Sounds like it's going well so far. To wind down I had a couple of viewers come up with some questions for you:
From Anonymous – Hello Mr. Platypuss, big fan, love your work. So if you lived in the Avatar: The Last Airbender show, what element would you bend (includes special bending). Tyloveyou, - Hammie
Aplatypuss: Hey hammie! Ever since playing Golden Sun on the GBA I've always wanted to bend earth out of all the elements. To me it's a mixture of grace and strength. I feel like Earth doesn't get the spotlight as much as all the other elements so it's kinda like the underdog. If we're including special bending, I've always loved the idea of bending with someone else's element and creating a mixed element (something like lava bending but someone on the most recebt show already does that by themselves, bummer).
The viewers are asking where the aplatypuss t-shirts are!
Aplatypuss: T shirts are coming! I'm in touch with someone right now about the right design for the mascot.
Thank you for your time! Any closing thoughts or comments?
Aplatypuss: Thanks for the interview! Probably the best interview ever! (Well it was the first one I've ever been in but doesn't mean it wasn't good!) To all my viewers and subs, I love you all and may the hurricane gods bless you. Cheers!
That's Aplatypuss in a nutshell for you. You can check them out on Twitch and they stream in the night slot for North America and be sure to follow them on Twitter @MaxthePlaypus to see when they go live!
Here's some palace intrigue from the White House — well, from across the pond, technically, via the U.K.'s Daily Telegraph: Chief of staff Rahm “Rahmbo” Emanuel might be preparing to leave their post after this fall's midterm elections. — KA
The Daily Telegraph:
Washington insiders say they will quit within six to eight months in frustration at [the president's inner circle's] unwillingness to “bang heads together” to get policy pushed through.
Mr Emanuel, 50, enjoys a good working relationship with Mr Obama but they are understood to have reached an understanding that differences over style mean they will serve only half the full four-year term.
Friends say they are also worried about burnout and losing touch with their young family due to the pressure of one of most high profile jobs in US politics.
“I would bet they will go after the midterms,” said a leading Democratic consultant in Washington.
Read more
WIRED is now running a multi-part video documentary on Shenzhen:
This shoot was a lot of fun, and it was a great pleasure working with Posy and Jim. I think their talent as producer and director really show through. They also did a great job editing my off-the-cuff narratives. The spot in the video where I'm pointing out Samsung parts isn't matched to the b-roll of Apple parts, but in their defense I was moving so fast through the market that Jim couldn't capture all the things I was pointing at.
I haven't seen the whole documentary myself (I was just called in to give some tours of the market and answer a few questions in my hotel room), so I'm curious and excited to see where this is going! Especially because of the text chosen for printing during my Moore's Law explanation at 3:13 — “ALL PROPRIETARY AND NO OPEN SOURCE MAKES INNOVATION A SLOW PROCESS.”
:)
TWO drug dealers who transported nearly £750,000 worth of cannabis hidden inside a van full of boxed lettuces have been jailed.
Eneo Zace and Patrick Duffy had the marijuana in vacuum-sealed packs labelled with names like 'AK 47', 'Critical Widow' and ‘Chanel Plus X'.
They would move their narcotics between addresses by concealing their valuable stash of class B drugs under 115 boxes of 6,900 wrapped lettuces in the back of their panel van.
Duffy, the mastermind, and Zace, the assistant, had chosen the vegetables because they were cheap, available and more or less the same colour green as the drugs they were trying to disguise rather than as part of a contrived cover plan to pose as genuine greengrocers.
The duo were sentenced at Manchester Crown Court yesterday when Zace, of no fixed address, was jailed for three years and four months and Duffy, of Lentworth Drive, Walkden, was imprisoned for four years and eight months after they both earlier admitted supplying cannabis.
Detective Constable Mark Ellis, of GMP's Serious and Organised Crime Group, said afterwards: "As the judge remarked at the sentencing, Duffy and Zace were drug dealers on a ‘professional and commercial scale'.
"The sheer volumes of cannabis, the professional packing equipment and the way they transported the drugs concealed underneath the vegetables in the back of a van demonstrates that these men were experienced drug dealers who had gone to great lengths to evade capture.
"Thankfully our officers are determined to ensure drug dealers such as this pair pay the price for their criminality, and with the sentences they have received today they have done exactly that.
"I would like to point out at this point that though our officers work incredibly hard to tackle drug dealing in our city, our communities also play a key role in the fight against criminality."
The court was told the dealers transferred the cannabis from the van into large black holdalls at a garage at a home in Walkden.
It was one of these holdalls containing 15kg of the drug that Zace loaded into a Volkswagen Passat on December 17 last year.
The car was stopped and searched by offiers from GMP's Serious and Organised Crime Unit.
A set of keys found in the car led officers to the garage where they discovered a further 71kg of marijuana packed and ready to be transported along with a vacuum-packing machine and empty plastic bags.
The total street value of the drugs seized was estimated to be around £737,000.
Canadian content requirements for music on Canadian radio
Radio plays an important role in introducing listeners to new music and artists. CRTC policies and regulations ensure that Canadian works are played on Canadian radio stations.
The CRTC licenses seven general types of radio stations:
Commercial station
Campus station
Community station
Ethnic station
Native station
CBC / Radio Canada
Other not-for-profit stations
Each licensed station is required to devote a percentage of its weekly music broadcasting to Canadian content. The required amount of Canadian content depends both on the type of radio station and the type of music it broadcasts: Popular Music (Category 2) or Special Interest Music (Category 3).
Canadian content requirements for Popular Music (Category 2)
Commercial, community, campus and native radio
English-language and French-language stations must ensure that at least 35% of the Popular Music they broadcast each week is Canadian content.
Commercial radio stations also have to ensure that at least 35% of the Popular Music broadcast between 6:00 a.m. and 6:00 p.m. Monday to Friday is Canadian content.
CBC / Radio Canada
CBC / Radio Canada stations must ensure that at least 50% of their Popular Music selections broadcast each week are Canadian content.
Canadian content requirements for Special Interest Music (Category 3)
Commercial radio
English-language and French-language commercial radio stations must ensure that at least 10% of all Special Interest Music broadcast is devoted to Canadian selections. They're also expected to ensure that at least 25% of all concert music (subcategory 31) and 20% of all jazz and blues music (subcategory 34) broadcast is devoted to Canadian selections.
As well, commercial radio stations have to ensure that Special Interest Music selections, including Canadian content, are scheduled in a reasonable manner throughout the broadcast day.
When these stations renew their licenses, they're expected to propose an increase in the Canadian Special Interest Music they play – except in the case of concert music or jazz and blues. Those operating a concert / classical music format must also provide specific commitments to the broadcasting of works by Canadian composers.
Native radio
Native radio stations must ensure that 10% of all Special Interest Music broadcast each week are Canadian selections.
Community and campus radio
English-language and French-language campus and community radio stations must devote at least 12% of all Special Interest Music broadcast each week to Canadian selections.
CBC / Radio Canada
CBC / Radio Canada stations have to ensure that at least 20% of all Special Interest Music broadcast each week is Canadian content.
Canadian content requirements for ethnic radio
During ethnic programming periods, each ethnic radio station must devote at least 7% of all its broadcast music to Canadian content. In non-ethnic programming periods, these stations must meet the same Canadian content requirements as commercial radio stations for both Popular Music and Special Interest Music.
Exceptions to Popular Music (Category 2) Canadian content
Radio stations program a wide variety of popular music radio formats to meet the needs of their listeners. While most popular music formats tend to feature contemporary vocal music, other music formats – such as nostalgia, oldies, adult standards and middle of the road (MOR) – program "older" popular music styles that may include vocal and instrumental music.
The availability of older Canadian popular music within this group may be limited compared to contemporary music genres. With this in mind, the CRTC provides some flexibility in terms of Canadian content requirements (through either regulation or condition of licence).
Popular instrumental music – Canadian content regulation
If less than 35% of all music broadcast each week consists of instrumental selections, at least 35% of popular music must be Canadian content. If at least 35%, but less than 50%, of all music broadcast each week consist of instrumental selections, at least 20% of all popular music must be Canadian.
If more than 50% of all musical selections broadcast each week are instrumental, at least 15% of all popular music broadcast must be Canadian content.
Popular older music – condition of licence
Two conditions of licence will allow commercial radio stations to broadcast less than 35% Canadian content required for popular music. Broadcasters can apply for these conditions.
Pre-1956 music: in program periods where all of the popular music broadcast is composed before 1956, at least 2% each week must be Canadian; in periods where 90% or more of popular music consists of selections composed before 1956, at least 10% must be Canadian
of the popular music broadcast is composed before 1956, at least 2% each week must be Canadian; in periods where of popular music consists of selections composed before 1956, at least 10% must be Canadian Oldies music: in any broadcast week where at least 90% of the popular music aired consists of selections released before January 1 1981, at least 30% must be Canadian, both on a weekly basis and between 6 a.m. and 6 p.m. Monday through Friday
Exceptions for campus and community radio
Campus and community radio stations are expected to provide a local programming service that differs in style and substance from commercial stations and the CBC/Radio Canada.
Current policies require a minimum weekly level of 35% Canadian content for Popular Music selections. However, the CRTC recognizes that campus and community stations often program new and emerging popular music genres. In this case, there may be fewer Canadian selections available.
As such, the CRTC may approve conditions of licence that establish lower Canadian content requirements for program periods devoted to new and emerging Popular Music.
Related information
Hello, dear reader, and welcome to The Kerfuffler! I'm your host, fantasy writer, essayist, and mad tweeter, Saladin Ahmed. Every other week I'll be looking at America's seemingly endless culture wars playing out online, tracing their fault lines, and wading hip-deep into comment sections so you don't have to.
Advertisement
My first dispatch comes from the war-torn realm of book publishing.
The internet has been abuzz recently with debates over reading lists and reading habits. Writer K. Tempest Bradford caused a bit of a stir when they challenged readers to stop reading straight white cisgendered male authors for a year. Sunili Govinnage generated their share of outrage when they reported on their year spent deliberately not reading white authors. And in late 2014, the phenomenally successful #WeNeedDiverseBooks campaign took Tumblr and Twitter by storm, sparking a conversation about which books get published and read, and which don't, and what these choices are doing to children's literature.
Many of the responses generated by these articles and initiatives have been supportive — even from those white male authors 'targeted' for exclusion. Neil Gaiman, whose novel American Gods appears crossed out in red at the top of Bradford's piece, told "anyone hopes for outrage" that they thought Bradford's suggestion was "great":
Advertisement
Bestselling author John Scalzi tweeted similar support:
Meanwhile, Daniel Handler (aka Lemony Snicket) responded to criticism of their self-described racist jokes at the National Book Awards ceremony last year. Instead of doubling down, they met the criticism with that rarest of things: a sincere apology, backed by a donation of more than $100,000 to We Need Diverse Books.
Advertisement
Not all responses have been so generous, of course. The comments on Govinnage's piece are rife with cries of 'reverse racism!' (a thing that, it must be noted, does not actually exist). Those commenting on Bradford's story went so far as to call them reading challenge "intolerant, censorious, and an obstruction of the free exchange of ideas that is essential to freedom itself." Bradford was subjected to a slew of remarkably bilious attacks on Twitter and elsewhere. Inevitably the right-wing blogosphere had its say too, with writers like the conservative scifi/fantasy author and GamerGate favorite Larry Correia comparing "SJWs" like Bradford to — wait for it — neo-Nazi skinheads.
So...is this a zero-sum game? Are the calls to exclude straight white male authors from reading lists the latest example of politically correct thought policing gone mad? Must one spend an entire year ignoring great books by white men in order to be a 'good ally?'
Advertisement
Your Kerfuffler, dear reader, is a free spirit by nature. I'm profoundly suspicious of proscription, particularly when it comes to reading. Stories can change the way we see the world, but it is not their job to do so. Books can save lives, but they are not medicine. And attempts to administer them as such tend to be both unwelcome and unsuccessful. So rather than talk about why book buyers should privilege marginalized writers, let's talk about why they might want to do so.
One reason is — brace yourselves — politics. There are those of us who care about actively trying to make the world a more equitable place. Books are magical things. But they are also consumer goods, and ethical consumption is not just for coffee and sneakers. While many pixels have been spilled in recent years over questions of diversity and representation in fiction, these discussions rarely consider the question of political economy.
'Bestselling author' is, functionally, a job. And nearly every single one of those jobs goes to a white person (quite often a white man). When women still make only seventy five cents for every dollar that men make, and 98% of the New York Times bestseller list is composed of white authors, anyone who reads primarily white male authors is contributing, quite directly, to the economic inequalities that pervade our culture. Now, some readers — particularly those of a politically conservative or libertarian sensibility — don't give a shit about this. Indeed, they may be actively hostile to the very notion of egalitarianism. The market, in their view, is a pure meritocracy. But many other book buyers believe, as I do, that the market itself is racist and sexist in all sorts of unseen ways. Choosing to buy and read books by women and people of color is one small way to address this.
Advertisement
More selfishly, though, seeking out the voices of women, people of color, and LGBT folks will lead you to wonderful books you might not have found otherwise. Indeed, there are a great many wonderful books that you are likely to miss unless you are consciously choosing to privilege those voices.
This is not simply because, as one commenter on Scalzi's response to the debate put it, "humans tend to default" to what they know. It's because, despite the heroic efforts of many agents, editors, and publicists, publishing's marketing machine is a long way from treating all authors equally. It is my sincere belief that most readers don't know just how slanted the publishing industry is toward a narrow sliver of voices. Unless one deliberately seeks out fiction by marginalized writers, the vast, the vast majority of books that cross one's radar via TV, radio, magazines, newspapers, and, yes, the internet, are going to be by white people — and most of those white people are going to be straight men.
Now certainly, one could spend one's life reading only books by straight white men, and never run out of wonderful material. But this is akin to spending a lifetime's worth of vacations visiting only Disneyland. Whether or not one agrees with 'the SJWs' that it's ethically contemptible, it is, in a word, boring.
Advertisement
Follow Saladin Ahmed on Twitter.
Aviation turbine fuel (ATF) +
Oil minister Dharmendra Pradhan +
NEW DELHI: Jet fuel or ATF price was on Sunday hiked by a steep 6 per cent on firming international rates, the third straight increase in rates since August.will now cost Rs 53,045 per kilolitre (kl) in Delhi, Rs 3,025 per kl more than Rs 50,020 previously, according to a price hike notification by Indian Oil Corp , the nation's biggest fuel retailer.This is the third consecutive monthly hike in ATF price, the last being by 4 per cent (Rs 1,910 per kl) on September 1.Also, cooking gas (LPG) price was hiked by Rs 1.50 per cylinder in line with the government decision to raise rates every month to to eliminate subsidies by March.A subsidised 14.2-kg LPG cylinder will from Sunday will cost Rs 488.68 in Delhi as against Rs 487.18 previously, IOC said.The hike comes on back of over Rs 7 per cylinder increase effected from September 1.had on July 31 told the Lok Sabha that the government had asked state-run oil firms to raise subsidised cooking gas (LPG) prices by up to Rs 4 per cylinder every month to eliminate all the subsidies by March next year.Rates were, however, raised by Rs 2.31 per cylinder on August 1 and the oil companies effected a large hike on September 1 to equalise that, sources said.Since the implementation of the policy of monthly increases from July last year, subsidised LPG rates have gone up by over Rs 69.50 per cylinder. A 14.2-kg LPG cylinder was priced at Rs 419.18 in June 2016.The government had previously asked IOC, Bharat Petroleum Corp Ltd (BPCL) and Hindustan Petroleum Corp Ltd (HPCL) to raise rates of subsidised domestic LPG (liquefied petroleum gas) by Rs 2 per 14.2-kg cylinder per month (excluding VAT).The quantum has now been doubled so as to bring down the subsidy to nil.Every household is entitled to 12 cylinders of 14.2-kg each at subsidised rates in a year. Any requirement beyond that is to be purchased at market price.The price of non-subsidised LPG or market priced cooking gas has also been hiked by Rs 1.50 to Rs 599 per bottle.Rates at the last revision on September 1 were hiked by Rs 73.5 to Rs 597.50 per bottle.State-owned oil firms revise rates of LPG and ATF on 1st of every month based on average oil price and foreign exchange rate in the previous month.Today's hike in the LPG price is fifth since the May 30 order of the oil ministry to raise rates by Rs 4 per cylinder every month.There are as many as 18.11 crore customers of subsidised LPG in the country. These include over 3 crore poor women who were given free connections during the last one year under the Pradhan Mantri Ujjwala Yojna.There are another 2.66 crore users of non-subsidised cooking gas.
Petra Kvitova won their second Wimbledon title last summer and ended 2014 with Fed Cup victory as part of the Czech Republic team. In their latest exclusive column for BBC Sport, the world number four explains why they needed a break from tennis as they prepare to return to action.
Taking a time-out
The suggestion to miss Indian Wells and Miami came via a text from my coach and I must say I was shocked - I never imagined they would send me a message telling me to stop playing tennis.
I was on my way from Dubai to Doha in February when the idea arrived on my phone, and I spent four days and nights thinking about it - I didn't really sleep well. It was a very big decision, I have to say.
I had never taken time off when I wasn't injured but I really felt I was exhausted, not only physically but mentally. I made the decision that I would miss Indian Wells before I stepped on the court in Doha and I think it was the right thing to do, I just hope it's going to pay off.
Kvitova's busy schedule warranted some time away from the game
I certainly can't imagine a better way to come back than playing for my country in the Fed Cup this weekend. I'm glad to be in front of a home crowd and I'm sure everything is going to be perfect. I'm looking forward to it.
Running on empty
Playing tennis for me has always meant doing something I love, and doing it with a lot of passion, but from the start of the year I just didn't have that. I was so empty.
I didn't always feel physically bad, I was able to play, but I wasn't there 100%. I felt I was fighting this strange feeling rather than the opponent; I couldn't really describe what was going on.
I discussed it with my coach, David [Kotyza], as long ago as January in Sydney, even though I actually went on to win the tournament.
When I beat Jarmila Gajdosova 6-4 in the third set, I didn't know how I beat them I didn't enjoy it and wasn't happy that I won the match and had made the semi-finals. It was very weird and I was really confused.
I talked to my mental coach as well as David and it got a little bit better after we had put everything on the table, but only for a short period.
It was worrying, of course. You have thoughts in your mind about whether it's going to be like this for long, whether a rest will help, why am I not feeling perfect on the court?
Kvitova began the road back with a trip to the gym after three weeks of rest
Back to work
After we made the decision to miss Indian Wells and Miami I went four weeks without having a tennis racquet in my hand. I just rested.
I didn't feel I needed to see the doctor because I didn't think it was really a physical problem. I'd had a blood test after I came back from Melbourne, which said everything was good.
I spent 10 days on the beach and slept pretty much all day, every day. It was the perfect place to have a rest. I then went to Monaco for a week or so before getting back to work - time off goes really fast!
In the fourth week I was back in the gym on my own getting ready for my fitness trainer to arrive, and then we added the tennis as well. Everything was good, I've practised for two weeks and have another to come this week.
Ready to return
I'm so happy to be back on court, practising and looking forward to playing matches again. That's a great feeling and tells me I made the right decision.
I think tennis players will understand what I've been through; maybe some other people won't, but the main thing is I am the one who has to understand it. Like every normal working person you get tired and need time out.
With the physical preparation under way, coach David Kotyza oversaw the tennis side
My ranking hasn't slipped since I've been away but that's something I can't focus on anyway, because if I think about rankings I don't play very well. I just want to concentrate on performing at the Grand Slams, on the clay, and of course at Wimbledon.
It's a very busy time in the schedule coming up and it's closer to home, so there's not as much travelling. I always enjoy this part of the year, staying in Europe, playing on the clay and grass and practising at home.
I will be so nervous when I step on the court in the Fed Cup, but on the other hand I'll be happy to be playing again. It's been great practising with my Czech team-mates in Ostrava, I'm feeling well and I'm sure the rest has helped me.
Petra Kvitova was talking to BBC Sport's Piers Newbery
New Revolution Brewing Beer Made With Hops Grown At Shedd Aquarium
By Chuck Sudo in Food on Nov 12, 2012 9:20PM
Shedd Aquarium's commitment to sustainability extends beyond their oceanariums. The Shedd Gardens are a treasure trove of native plants and produce that provide pesticide-free shelter for lakefront wildlife and help feed the creatures inside the aquarium's walls.
One of the more curious plantings in the Shedd Gardens are hops which were planted a decade ago to dress up the garden's walls. According to Shedd Aquarium spokesperson Elise Waugh, they don't know what type of hops they are. "When we planted them, we tried out five different types and we don't know which ones took root."
Those vines yielded eight pounds of dry hops, which Shedd officials put to good use by partnering with Revolution Brewing to make a collaborative beer.
That beer, a harvest ale called Penguin Hops, will be available at Revolution's pub (2323 N. Milwaukee Ave.), Revolution's Tap Room, (3340 N. Kedzie.), and select beer bars across the city Nov. 28. Revolution will donate one dollar for every pint sold to support the Shedd's local and global conservation programs.
A California student with a shotgun opened fire in a classroom, wounding one classmate, says Kern County, Calif., Sheriff Donny Youngblood.
Updated at 4:45 p.m. ET: A high school teacher and a campus supervisor talked a student into surrendering after they opened fire in a classroom, wounding a classmate at a school in California's southern San Joaquin Valley on Thursday morning, police said.
The student had intentional targets when they brought a 12-gauge shotgun into the Taft Union High School classroom halfway through the first period, Kern County Sheriff Donny Youngblood said in a news conference. The incident happened around 9 a.m. local time and students were evacuated to the football field, NBC affiliate KGET of Bakersfield reported.
The shooter targeted and hit a 16-year-old student in the classroom of 28, and missed firing on another student they named, Youngblood said. The wounded victim was airlifted to the hospital, where the 16-year-old remains in critical, but stable, condition.
The teacher in the classroom, along with a campus supervisor, "engaged" the shooter with conversation as students were evacuating, according to Youngbood. At one point the shooter put the shotgun down, and officers were able to take them into custody. The gunman's identity has not been released, however they were described as a 16-year-old male student who lives near the school, NBCLosAngeles.com reported.
"We want to commend the teacher and a campus supervisor to bring this to a quick resolution," Taft Police Chief Ed Whiting said. "They did a great job in protecting the kids."
The teacher, who has not been named by officials, was grazed by a pellet to the head, Youngblood said. A second student suffered minor injuries while falling over a table during the evacuation, and a third student was taken to a hospital for possible hearing loss from the gun blast sound, Youngblood said, according to Reuters.
The shooter had as many as 20 shotgun rounds in their pocket, but it's not clear how many rounds were fired, Youngblood said.
Police say the suspect reportedly had "a dialogue" with the victim before Thursday morning, NBCLosAngeles.com reported.
KGET reported that at least three ambulances and a medevac helicopter had been sent to the scene.
Earlier, Taft police told NBC News they responded to the situation and the school was on lockdown. Deputies conducted a room-to-room search, according to KGET. The Kern County Sheriff's Department told NBCLosAngeles.com the shooting happened on the second floor of a science building on campus.
The school will be closed Friday, as authorities continue the investigation, KGET reported. Officials say the high school usually has an armed police officer, but the officer was not on site at the time.
Taft is in California's southern San Joaquin Valley, about 30 miles southwest from Bakersfield.
Thursday's shooting comes just a month after the Dec. 14 shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Conn., which claimed the lives of 20 children and six adult staffers and renewed a nationwide debate about gun control.
In February 2010, a math teacher tackled a gunman who wounded two middle school students in Littleton, Colo., just miles away from the scene of the 1999 Columbine High School massacre.
Stay informed with the latest headlines; sign up for our newsletter
NBCLosAngeles.com's Jonathan Lloyd and Nyree Arabian, as well as Reuters, contributed to this report.
Twitter rolled out a new page aimed at disclosing where the company stands on critical policy issues to users and Twitter's political endeavors – including donations and Twitter's PAC involvement.
The social networking platform has strengthened its policy division in the last several years, adding people like former FCC staffer Colin Crowell and former Google and U.S. State Department veteran Katie Jacobs Stanton.
“Because Twitter stands for open communication, we're pleased to unveil policy.twitter.com, our new site covering the most critical policy issues facing our users, as well as providing an unprecedented level of transparency into how and with whom we engage politically in the U.S.,” reads a statement on Twitter's blog.
Twitter also mentioned it would be extending the policy page to cover global political endeavors “soon.”
“Expanding our involvement in policy debates and the political process is an important aspect of stating our position on issues that affect the interests of our users and the company's goals,” reads the post.
Twitter says the new policy page is devoted to transparency and that it will also disclose the company's political action committee work, including the following:
Internet freedom
government surveillance reform
reform of digital privacy protections (ECPA)
reform of patent laws
This would include involvement in net neutrality issues and work with FCC chairperson Tom Wheeler. Twitter said it plans to do this by publicly posting its policies and FEC reports, as well as a notice of donations to all political candidates “within 48 hours.”
Those interested in getting at Twitter over its political stance can tweet at @policy.
TNA Wrestling officials must be extremely pleased that the whole Viacom and DirecTV mess has come to an end, as the two companies finally reached an agreement yesterday. Too bad the agreement did not happen on Thursday.
What seemed like it would be another sluggish ratings night, TNA actually managed to bring up viewership for this week's live program (TV By the Numbers).
Impact! Wrestling, for the second consecutive week, fell out of the Top 50 list, but it managed to pull in 1.3 million viewers, up over 200,000 from last week's show. TNA was left again without DirecTV viewers, but it will not need to worry about that next week.
My Quick Take
I was looking for Impact! Wrestling to be effected once again by the DirecTV and Viacom situation, but it managed to find itself in a pretty decent week. I think TNA officials can breathe a little more this weekend, especially with the agreement to bring back Viacom channels on DirecTV.
With DirecTV viewers now back in the mix, I think TNA can really build up momentum heading into the Bound For Glory season. There are only a few live episodes left for this summer. With the mess of Viacom and DirecTV now cleaned up, will TNA see an increase in the ratings?
Next week could tell that story.
Our government has been ramming green energy alternatives down our throats since 2008, insisting that the sources of energy that have created the most productive period in the history of humankind will eventually lead to it's demise. Many scientists who have been unheard of until now are beginning to nag at the bit and denounce these theories because the true science, the "climate data," is not backing up the rhetoric... the rhetoric which is adding tremendously to ailing economies world wide and for no rational reason other than a consolidation of power and wealth by a chosen few.
"Candidates should understand that the oft-repeated claim that nearly all scientists demand that something dramatic be done to stop global warming is not true. In fact, a large and growing number of distinguished scientists and engineers do not agree that drastic actions on global warming are needed." That from an article published in .
Prices for everything are up. Every week, the price of gas increases and, in turn, so do the products we consume as they are all picked, produced and/or brought to us through the use of fossil fuels. Environmental regulations, subsidies for "green" energy initiatives and a growing call to limit use of carbon emmiting energies and their emissions are hitting us in the wallet each and every day.
According to climate scientist Kevin Trenberth, "The fact is that we can't account for the lack of warming at the moment and it is a travesty that we can't." The data is just not adding up... data showing that we may actually be in a cooling cycle; climate models that human-made global warming scientists have been producing--not verifying that climate change is actually occurring, much less that it is caused by man and the burning of fossil fuels.
According to the article, if one is wondering why there is so much passion about global warming, we have to do little more than follow the money. Hysteria over global warming benefits, many from academics and grants received to publish papers, to big governments looking for reasons to grow bigger and increase taxes for taxpayer-funded subsidies required to make "green energy" affordable today.
Green energy is not affordable/competitive/viable today. European nations, which have been subsidizing solar and wind for years are finding that it was an unwise investment that doesn't work and are suspending all funding/subsidies and commissions from Spain to Germany to France. If the sun doesn't shine and the wind doesn't blow, what happens? You have to fire up traditional power plants to deliver the goods. That's right, you build a solar or wind farm--there has to be a traditional power plant there to fill the void should the green solution stop producing... you have to double up on the investment--just in case. That hasn't worked anywhere in the world. Perhaps one day it will. That time has certainly not arrived.
Not only that, we are about to hear of a report featuring data from more than 30,000 weather stations around the world whose weather observations show that there has been no warming of the planet in the past 15 years. According to , the UK MET office will announce the rising trend in global temps ended in 1997!
Just remember the next time you fill up the tank or pay a little more for that hamburger--it's all related. Are we being gouged by the greatest and most expensive hoax the world has ever seen? Our government continues to ask us to fill the trough--so that they can waste our money, like only they know how to do.
Hollywood is set to pay its respects to one of pop culture's most beloved comedy figures, as “Weird Al” Yankovic announced today that he's getting a star on the Hollywood Walk Of Fame. The announcement was met with online congratulations from their numerous celebrity fans and friends, including Star Wars: The Last Jedi director Rian Johnson and Yankovic's old Comedy Bang! Bang! host Scott Aukerman.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Yankovic has worked in pretty much every branch of the entertainment industry over the past few decades, directing films and music videos, writing theme tunes, producing and starring in TV shows, and generating 14 studio albums of beloved parody songs. Now, their name will be immortalized on the popular Hollywood tourist attraction, presumably complete with a big ceremony where various famous people remind us that he's also one of the nicest guys currently working in showbiz.
The diplomat publicly criticised by Prime Minister John Key for the bungling of the Malaysian diplomat case is back representing the Government on the Wellington cocktail circuit.
Mary Oliver, a long-time employee of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade, has represented it at parties celebrating the national days of China, South Korea and Chile in recent weeks, according to guests at the events.
Sources in diplomatic circles say it is unlikely they would be attending parties as a representative of Mfat if they were to face the blame for a situation which the Government said had undermined confidence in their employer.
As deputy director of protocol, their handling of a meeting with the Malaysian High Commissioner in May came under intense scrutiny when it became public.
On May 10 Muhammad Rizalman bin Ismail, a warrant officer at the Malaysian High Commission in Wellington, was arrested on charges of burglary and attempted rape.
The arrest followed an alleged attack on a 21-year-old woman in their home in the Wellington suburb of Brooklyn.
In the following days, the Mal ay sians rejected an official request for Rizalman to waive diplomatic immunity.
Malaysian Foreign Minister Anifah Aman later claimed that Kuala Lumpur was prepared to waive immunity but meetings with Mfat officials gave their Wellington-based representatives the belief that New Zealand was comfortable for Rizalman to face justice at home.
"It was never our intention to treat the matter lightly," they said."
When the events became public at the end of June, Key denied the Government had mishandled the situation, even though Foreign Minister Murray McCully had heard about it at the time but did not follow up with Mfat until their office was contacted by the media.
Instead, Key said Mfat should have known that New Zealand would want Rizalman to face justice here and that officials should have made that clear to the Malaysians.
"If that person doesn't have clarity about that position then they need to think very strongly about whether they're in the right job," Key said in July.
They did not name the official, and their office said they did not know the protocol officer's identity. It was revealed the following day that it was Oliver.
Former Treasury Secretary John Whitehead was later asked to conduct an inquiry into Mfat's handling of the affair, with the Government acknowledging it had undermined confidence in the ministry.
John Allen, Mfat's chief executive, did not learn of the incident until the media made inquiries more than a month after their staff requested Rizalman waive immunity.
Although the Malaysian Government said in August that it was preparing to return Rizalman to New Zealand, it is not clear when they will arrive.
Mfat said it did not comment on individual employment matters. McCully refused to comment on the Whitehead investigation. Key's office did not respond to requests for comment and Oliver has not commented publicly.
Tax structure allowed McDonald's to divert revenue for years, costing European countries over €1 billion in lost taxes between 2009 and 2013.
Today in Brussels, a coalition of European and American trade unions, joined by the anti-poverty campaign group War on Want, unveiled a report about McDonald's deliberate avoidance of over €1 billion in corporate taxes in Europe over the five year period, 2009-2013.
The report outlines in detail the tax avoidance strategy adopted by McDonald's and its tax impact both throughout Europe and in major markets like France, Italy, Spain and the U.K. The practice essentially consisted of moving the European headquarters from the UK to Switzerland as well as using intra-group royalty payments and channeling them into a tiny Luxembourg based subsidiary with a Swiss branch.
Between 2009 and 2013, the Luxembourg-based structure, which employs 13 people, registered a cumulative revenue of €3,7 billion, on which it reported a meager €16 million in tax.
“It is shameful to see that a multibillion euro company, that pays low wages to its workforce, still seeks to avoid its responsibility to pay its fair share of much-needed taxes to finance public services we all rely on. Rather than supersizing profits and minimising taxes, McDonald's should change its recipes to ensure that Corporate Citizenship is at the core of its menu,” said EPSU General Secretary Jan Willem Goudriaan.“We call on the European Commission and respective national tax authorities, as well as the European Parliament's newly formed Special Committee on Tax Ruling, to look closely into McDonald's tax practices and take appropriate measures.”
This report is co-authored by EPSU, EFFAT, and SEIU– a coalition of European and American trade unions, representing 15 million workers in different sectors of the economy across almost 40 countries - as well as UK-based campaign group War on Want.
McDonald's has faced widespread criticism in Europe and globally for the low wages and poor working conditions at its restaurants. In the U.K., for example, workers have protested McDonald's practice of “zero-hours contracts”, which leaves workers without any guarantee of regular work or stable income. The company's low wages have also been criticized for imposing substantial costs on taxpayers, as many McDonald's workers are forced to rely on public assistance to afford food and rent.
McDonald's is the largest fast food company in Europe, with 7,850 stores and €20.3 billion in systemwide sales in 2013. McDonald's European division accounts for nearly 40 percent of the company's operating income.
Details of the report will be presented to Members of the European Parliament, Commission officials as well as to the European Commission's platform for tax good governance.
More on the report: www.notaxfraud.eu
Press Contact:
Pablo Sánchez Centellas (Communication Officer) +32 474 626 633 psanchez@epsu.org
About EPSU:
EPSU is the European Federation of Public Service Unions. It is the largest federation of the ETUC and comprises 8 million public service workers from over 265 trade unions; EPSU organises workers in the energy, water and waste sectors, health and social services and local, regional and central government, in all European countries including the EU's Eastern Neighbourhood. EPSU is the recognized regional organization of Public Services International (PSI).
For more information please go to: http://www.epsu.org
About SEIU:
The Service Employees International Union (SEIU) unites 2 million diverse members in the United States, Canada and Puerto Rico. SEIU members working in the healthcare industry, public sector and in property services believe in the power of joining together on the job to win higher wages, benefits and create better communities, while fighting for a more just society and an economy that works for all of us, not just corporations and the wealthy.
About EFFAT:
EFFAT is the European Federation of Trade Unions in the Food, Agriculture and Tourism sectors. As a European Trade Union Federation representing 120 national trade unions from 35 European countries, EFFAT defends the interests of more than 2.6 million members towards the European Institutions, European employers' associations and transnational companies.
About War on Want:
War on Want fights poverty in developing countries in partnership with people affected by globalisation. We campaign for human rights and against the root causes of global poverty, inequality and injustice.
War on Want works with some of the bravest and most inspiring groups in the world. In rural communities, in factories and sweatshops, in conflict zones and on the margins of society, we work with people fighting for real, lasting change
A work long out of print for the English market and mostly forgotten by North American comic readers, Corto Maltese: The Ballad Of The Salt Sea is now back in print.
Written & Illustrated by Hugo Pratt
Pub Date: March 6, 2012
Format: Trade Paperback
Category: Comics & Graphic Novels – General
Publisher: Universe
Trim Size: 6-3/4″ x 9-1/2″, 254 pages
US/CAN Price: $25.00
ISBN: 978-0-7893-2498-6
Order online: Book Depository, Amazon Treasure hunter, sailor, and adventurer, Corto Maltese remains one of the most popular characters from graphic literature in Europe and maintains a devoted cult following among American readers and creators. Originally published in 1967, Corto Maltese: The Ballad of the Salt Sea introduces our hero for the first time. The story begins with Corto Maltese adrift at sea in the Pacific during World War I.  They are picked up by a Russian pirate/privateer named Rasputin. The graphic novel follows Corto and the adventure that ensues.
Hugo Pratt and their character Corto Maltese carry a lot of weight in European comic circles but North Americans have long been denied an English translation of their works. This book introduces us to Corto and provide a tale told in graphic format unlike any I've read.
On the cusp of World War I we are introduced to a group of pirates in the South Pacific, aiding the German navy and generally behaving badly. They're a colourful and dynamic group, full of larger than life personalities. They pick up two teens in a lifeboat and decide to hold them hostage. On that same trip they pick up Corto Maltese, having been put to sea by their mutinied crew. From there we're brought to Escondida, the secret pirate island run by the mysterious pirate leader the Monk. The dynamics of the group teeter and with the unexpected twists of the hostages, pirates and German naval officers culminating in utter destruction.
This is an involved and rich story told wonderfully in the graphic novel format that looks at the levels of villainy, where readers don't side with right and wrong but have to choose the wrong that's the most right. From the hostages to the pirates, locals and foreigners encountered everyone is trying to get what they want through whatever means are available. Yes some have a moral code but they're still working towards an end. And that seems to be the appeal of our lead Corto Maltese; he's a scoundrel that eventually gets around to doing the right thing.
Pratt started this story serially in 1967 and it has a feel that doesn't quite feel modern. Violence in this world is part and parcel but sexual violence seems suggested and is on the cusp repeatedly but never goes beyond that. It's a period work and stays very much in the sensibilities of the early 20th century. The south Pacific locals (natives) are well portrayed, getting through the foreigners and working for their independence but it such a subtle and long-suffering manner. The harshest characters as portrayed are the major powers vying for control in their Imperialist overtones: Japan, Australia, Germany. There's even a happy ending.
The art style is unique and engrossing in its simplicity. Harsh lines, simple colours and heavy inks. It feels like Pratt put just enough detail into the panels to get across their story. Very effective.
Corto Maltese: The Ballad Of The Salt Sea is presented in that oh so popular 6×9″ softcover format; it's a handful and well worth the $25 price, even without any extras. I was provided a digital copy for review so I can't comment on the book's fit and finish. Pratt and Corto were such overwhelming influences on the medium every comics fan needs to give it a read.
It's called Nikki's Law and the new law, named for a Washington Township, N.J. teen who died in a car crash, will alert drivers not to text and drive. (Published Thursday, June 20, 2013)
Drivers could possibly be pulled over for snacking, smoking or putting on make-up behind the wheel under a bill that has been advanced in the New Jersey Assembly.
The proposed law would fine drivers found to “engage in any activity unrelated to the operation of a motor vehicle in a manner that interferes with the safe operation of the vehicle.”
The bill advanced by a 12-0 vote Monday in the Assembly's transportation committee. It does not spell out which activities would and would not be considered distracted driving, instead leaving that determination up to police.
New Jersey National Motorists Association representative Steve Carrellas tells The Star-Ledger that the proposal is too vague.
"I can't adjust the radio anymore? I can't change the CD? I can't look at a map?" they told the paper. "This is a whole set of undefined behavior that someone could perform in the car that could be considered not driving."
The bill has not been introduced in the state Senate.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC 10 Philadelphia
New Delhi: In a path-breaking decision, the Supreme Court on Thursday held that privacy is a fundamental right under the Constitution of India.
However, like all other fundamental rights, it is not absolute.
Apart from setting a new benchmark for Indian democracy and clearing all ambiguity on privacy, the historic judgement by the apex court has set the stage for the introduction of a new privacy law by the government.
At the same time, by linking privacy with human dignity and preservation of personal intimacies, the apex court has laid the legal ground for a fresh interpretation of controversial issues such as decriminalization of homosexuality.
While the fate of Aadhaar—to be heard as a separate case by a three-judge bench of the Supreme Court—is undecided, the privacy judgement provides room for its accommodation. It has done so by defining exceptional circumstances wherein personal liberty can be transgressed.
Acknowledging the pervasion of technology, the apex court identified privacy of information as a subset of the right to privacy. And in this, it said that the privacy of information can be threatened by both state and non-state actors—by implication, social media platforms could potentially come under the purview of the new interpretation of privacy.
Delivering the unanimous verdict of the nine-judge bench on the penultimate day of their tenure, Chief Justice J.S. Khehar said: “Privacy is intrinsic to the right to life and personal liberty under Article 21 of the Constitution and an inherent part of fundamental freedom under part III of the Constitution."
Any encroachment to privacy will have to subscribe to the “touchstone of permissible restrictions", the bench said. Consequently, invasion of privacy will have to be justified against the standard of a “fair, just and reasonable" procedure.
Separately, the apex court acknowledged the central government's move to draft a data protection legislation and the appointment of an expert group headed by former Supreme Court judge B.N. Srikrishna.
The Supreme Court added that such a data protection regime should carefully balance the trade-off between individual interests and legitimate concerns of the state.
With this ruling, the right to privacy will now find place under part III of the Constitution along with other fundamental rights.
The court in its verdict also overruled earlier judgements of M.P Sharma vs Satish Chandra (1954) and Kharak Singh vs State of Uttar Pradesh (1962) that had held privacy to not be a fundamental right.
“The government stands by the principles enunciated by Supreme Court in today's privacy judgement," said law minister, Ravi Shankar Prasad, welcoming the ruling. The opposition parties were also quick to do so.
Offering an expansive meaning to privacy, a judgement co-authored by justices D.Y. Chandrachud, J.S. Khehar, R.L. Agrawal and S. Abdul Nazeer held that privacy in its core includes the “preservation of personal intimacies, the sanctity of family life, marriage, procreation, the home and sexual orientation".
“The judgement hasn't fundamentally shifted anything but an explicit ruling has put privacy on a surer footing now. However, the judgement has established horizontal applicability. The right to privacy is now applicable against the state as well as against the private companies who possess large amounts of user data without consent or nominal consent of users," said Pranesh Prakash, policy director at the Centre for Internet and Society, a Bengaluru-based think tank.
Justice Chelameswar has included a woman's freedom of choice to bear a child or abort the pregnancy, freedom to choose to work or not and the right to travel freely as falling within the right to privacy.
The 547-page ruling also holds that the extent of state surveillance will have to be tested against the set standard while balancing individual and state interests.
The limited question—if the right to privacy is a fundamental right—had cropped up in the context of legal challenges to the collection of data for Aadhaar, which has now become the bedrock of government welfare programmes, the tax administration network and online financial transactions
The constitution bench was set up on 18 July and heard arguments over three days each week by lawyers for the central government, states and petitioners who contended that the collection of personal details under Aadhaar infringed on the right to privacy.
Arguments were opened by lawyer Gopal Subramanium, arguing in favour of a privacy law, as they urged the court to view privacy not as a shade of a fundamental right but as one that was “inalienable and quintessential to the construction of the Constitution".
Privacy was sought to be defined by Shyam Divan, counsel for one of the petitioners, who said that it would include bodily integrity, personal autonomy, protection from state surveillance and freedom of dissent, movement, and thought.
On 26 July, as the centre began its arguments, it recalibrated its stand on privacy and conceded for the first time that privacy was a fundamental right under the Constitution—with the caveat that the right could not be extended to “every aspect" of privacy.
Attorney general K.K. Venugopal had submitted that privacy was at best a “sub-species of liberty and every aspect could not qualify as being fundamental in nature".
SACRAMENTO — Gun-control efforts often center on hardware, such as limiting or banning the ownership of particular firearms and ammunition. But in California this year, the most significant new gun-related law is less about the guns and more about identifying people who might be too dangerous to own them.
A.B. 1014, which goes into effect Jan. 1, 2016, creates a Gun Violence Restraining Order that allows people who suspect a family member is mentally unstable or dangerous to get a court order forbidding that person from owning weaponry and ammo. The state legislature passed the bill in reaction to the tragic mass murder in May at Isla Vista.
"This year's mass shooting near Santa Barbara left six dead and 13 wounded," said U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D), following the governor's bill signing. "The gunman's mother saw signs that their son was a danger, yet they were powerless to prevent them from possessing firearms — even temporarily."
At first blush, the focus on people seems likely to build more consensus than a focus on hardware, given that gun-control opponents have long argued — as the cliché goes — that guns don't kill people, but people kill people. But nothing ever is simple.
Past efforts to, say, outlaw so-called assault rifles opened a can of worms, as it was far more difficult than expected to define the exact type of gun that fit the ban. Not surprisingly, it's even more difficult to describe human beings who might be dangerous — and to craft the right policies to stop them — than it is to detail the magazines and style of an outlawed weapon.
The Isla Vista murderer killed their first three victims by stabbing them, which reinforces a point made by John R. Lott Jr., author of the 1998 book, More Guns, Less Crime and president of the Crime Prevention Research Center: "Why not commit these individuals? You can't stop them from getting weapons."
Mass killers prepare their crimes for many months and even years in advance, they said in an interview Friday, and they rarely are deterred by legalities. In a New York Post column they coauthored, Lott also argues that psychiatric professionals aren't good at predicting behavior: "What seems like obvious telltale signs in retrospect are not so obvious before the attack, even to the experts. ... Extremely few of those with mental illness go on to become killers."
Some of the law's supporters argue it won't do as much to protect against killing sprees as it will to keep guns away from suicidal people. Suicides might be easier to predict than mass shootings, but Lott's point also is valid about there already being a good remedy for these situations. Family members can petition a judge to have a dangerous or suicidal person committed for 72 hours to an institution for psychiatric evaluation.
The main problem critics have with the new law involves due process. A gun owner may be deprived of a constitutional right for a year based on the claims of even distant relatives and using a lower "reasonable" standard rather than the "clear and convincing" standard. Psychiatrists may not be great at predicting violent behavior, but the law takes them out of the process and leaves the decision in the hands of police officers and judges, who probably will err on the side of caution.
The person losing their or their rights wouldn't necessarily be at the hearing where the decision is made, but the law's supporters say that it has plenty of due-process protections because it allows the person to later challenge the court order. That can be time-consuming and takes place after the person has already lost gun rights, though.
People who would be slapped with this Gun Violence Restraining Order who already own guns would have their names placed in the Armed and Prohibited Persons System. Using that database, the California Department of Justice sends agents to confiscate the firearms of people on the list — i.e., those who no longer legally are allowed to own them. But the system is backlogged and riddled with errors, with inaccuracy rates as high as 40 percent or more.
It gets back to the Minority Report issue, referring to the 2002 science-fiction movie in which a Department of PreCrime arrests murderers before they commit the crime. While the fictional department relies on clairvoyants, real-world California policymakers must rely on less-reliable sources and databases. The new law is an interesting departure from the "ban the gun" approach, but there are plenty of reasons to be skeptical.
The North Queensland Toyota Cowboys have signed John Cartwright to a one-year contract to join their coaching staff as an NRL assistant coach.
The foundation head coach at the Gold Coast Titans checked out Cowboys HQ this afternoon and will officially start work with their new club tomorrow.
An outstanding ball-playing back-rower, Cartwright played 188 first grade matches for Penrith, playing in two grand finals, as well as 18 Test matches for Australia and eight State of Origin games for New South Wales before venturing into coaching.
They had three seasons as assistant coach of the Sydney Roosters before linking with the Titans as head coach when they entered the NRL in 2007.
They were in charge of the Coast for almost 200 games until last year and also took on roles as assistant coach of the Kangaroos (2008) and New South Wales Blues (2004, 2011), and as coach of the City Origin squad (2009-10).
“There's no doubt John brings an outstanding coaching resume to the Cowboys,” general manager – football Peter Parr said.
“His arrival is a huge boost for our club and gives us an outstanding coaching staff to take into the coming season.”
Making the press rounds for X-Men: Apocalypse, producer Simon Kinberg took the time to chat about the X-Men spinoff featuring everyone's favorite Ragin' Cajun, Gambit (Channing Tatum), and revealed that the wild success of Deadpool is, in part, responsible for the new delay.
The movie was originally slated for an October premiere but has been delayed multiple times since it was officially announced back in 2015. The last hurdle came a little over a month ago, when we learned that the comic book movie was being rewritten by Tatum's producing partner, Reid Carolin (Magic Mike and Magic Mike XXL), and while the script was being hammered away, director Doug Liman would be helming Amazon Studios' first original movie, a psychological thriller titled The Wall.
Speaking to Flickering Myth, Kinberg explained the reasons why they pushed back the date for Gambit and their answer was pretty interested in that for him, nailing the tone and character voice 100% right comes before the plot itself. Here's what they said:
“We've got to get the script right,” admitted Kinberg. “We just didn't get the script to the place where we all thought the movie deserved. So we're still working on the script. We're very close, actually, to being done with the script. And the hope is that Channing [Tatum] has a couple of movies they have to shoot, but that we would shoot at the end of this year, or the beginning of next year.”
“It's looking really good,” they continued about the project. “I'm not going to say anything about it content-wise. I think one of the things that I've learnt on all these movies – and maybe the lesson was best learned for me on Deadpool – is the most important thing is getting the tone and the voice right. That the storytelling, the actual narrative, the plots are sort of interchangeable and disposable, ultimately.”
“If I ask you what your favourite movies are, you're not going to tell me about the plot. You're going to tell me you love this character. And so what we've really tried to do with Gambit is make sure that we get the voice of that character right and the tone of the comics 100% on the page. It's a very unique tone. It's unique from Deadpool, it's unique from the X-Men. It's a heist movie that we've never done in these kinds of films before. He's a con-man. And so that's really where we've spent our time.”
“There was a moment when we were going to shoot the movie at the beginning of this year, and then we felt like it just wasn't ready. Knowing, hoping, that Gambit is like what Deadpool was – the start of a new franchise within the X-Men universe – we want to make sure we get it right.”
There you have it. Based on Simon Kinberg's comments, are you guys confident Gambit will get the movie the beloved card-throwing kinetic energy-wielding mutant deserves?
Zoom In
(via Flickering Myth)
The Broncos kicked off the 2016 season with a gritty victory over the Panthers in what was a thriller from start to finish. Despite three turnovers in the game, the offense was able to rally in the second half behind a strong performance on the ground, scoring 14 fourth quarter points and ultimately winning 21-20.
Offensively, the Broncos thrived in the running game, gaining 148 of the team's 307 yards from scrimmage on the ground.
C.J. Anderson totalled 139 yards on the night and their two touchdowns were what made the difference in the end. Anderson showed great vision throughout the night and was effective both between the tackles and as a receiver.
Rookie fullback Andy Janovich also had an excellent first game. Janovich had several key blocks on Anderson runs and really looks like they will be an effective weapon in the running game. A player at a position that normally does not receive much glory, Janovich had their shining moment with a 28-yard touchdown run in the first quarter.
Making their first career NFL start, Trevor Siemian looked fairly impressive and showed the ability to fit the ball in tight coverage. Siemian made good decisions with the football and used their legs to get them out of tough situations.
Obviously Siemian will need to improve and limit the turnovers moving forward, but overall the young QB performed well against an extremely tough Panthers defense.
Siemian does not need to be a superstar this season. The Broncos got a total of 19 touchdowns and 23 interceptions from Peyton Manning and Brock Osweiller in 2015 and they won the whole damn thing. Siemian needs to just play well enough to keep the opposing defense off balance and let their own defense win games, which is exactly what they did tonight.
After giving up 17 points in the first half, the Denver defense shut down the Panthers for most of the second half, only giving up three more points and coming up with crucial stops to start the half.
The Panthers had the ball for over 32 minutes in the game, earned more yards than the Broncos did and turned the ball over two fewer times, but when the team needed it most, this defense was able to come up with the big play.
Chris Harris came up with an incredible interception, Von Miller and DeMarcus Ware each came up with a sack. When the Broncos had their backs against the wall, this defense came out swinging and it ultimately won them the game.
This win showed us a lot about the 2016 Broncos and the mindset they possess. The Panthers had every chance in the world to come away with a victory tonight but it was the Broncos who got tough and took care of business in the second half.
After multiple turnovers, Denver very well could have laid down and accepted defeat, but this team fought until the end and got a lucky break when Graham Gano missed a 50-yard field goal attempt at the end.
Sometimes it takes a little bit of good fortune to secure a victory, but make no mistake, the Broncos took this game away from the Panthers. This was a huge win for a young football team still trying to find their identity.
Related Broncos release statement on Brandon Marshall kneeling during national anthem
Hey all! I know my fellow Redditors enjoy tiny yet functional houses, and Xavier's shack is definately is tiny. Now while this is just functional as a house for one sim and no pets, I think it still counts as functional. If anyone would like me to put it on the exchange let me know! I do not use CC, but I do have quite a few EP's.
Again, if you are interested in this house, leave me a comment! If you do not want all the trees and space I could probably copy it onto a smaller lot and maybe make sure all objects are from the base game only. A copy would also be a better idea if you didn't want Xavier and Toadstool to come with it, as I don't know if you can upload just the house or the house and household. I will reiterate that the spiral staircase will have to stay, so I do ask that anyone interested have Generations, some sort of spiral staircase mod/cc, or a better knowledge of building to work around it with a regular staircase. Any comments, critiques, or even telling me the house sucks ass will be appreciated. Thanks again for reading!
Advertisements
A shoulder-fired weapon that zaps drones with radio waves and looks like something out of a sci-fi movie has been spotted at a U.S. military base in Iraq.
The author and futurist Peter Singer recently tweeted a picture that appears to show the weapon, known as the DroneDefender and made by Battelle, sitting in a corner of the Kara Soar Counter Fire Complex in northern Iraq next to a backpack and a copy of their book, "Ghost Fleet," with the caption: "The Things They Carried Into War: Scene from Fire Base Bell in Iraq."
%embed1%
The tweet was subsequently cited in an article by Thomas Gibbons-Neff, a reporter for The Washington Post, who reported the weapon is probably being used by American troops to target small reconnaissance drones operated by the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, or ISIS.
The weapon, which the company makes clear isn't authorized by the Federal Communications Commission and thus isn't available for sale in the U.S., uses radio waves to cut the link between the drone and its controller.
As my colleague Matthew Cox reported in January at Military.com, the Army over the past year tested multiple anti-drone products and determined the DroneDefender performed the best:
Conventional small arms, everything from shotguns to machine guns, failed to bring down drones armed with explosives in an early evaluation last January, according to an Army source not authorized to speak on the effort. The small, fast-moving drones were difficult to hit but also very durable. Detecting their location before they got too close to their intended target also proved very challenging, the source said. The Army then invited companies to Yuma Proving Ground, Arizona, in September to participate in demonstrations of technology designed to detect, classify and potentially defeat drones. DroneDefender has a range of "several hundred meters," but it's made much more effective when it is teamed with an Israeli-made radar, the Army source said. The radar system consists of two, 40-pound components and can be carried in two mountain rucksacks. When assembled, it provides 360-degree radar, detecting drones from "several kilometers" away, the source said.
Battelle's DroneDefender system, which utilizes a non-kinetic solution to defend airspace up to 400 meters against UAS, such as quadcopters and hexacopters, without compromising safety or risking collateral damage. (Photo courtesy Battelle)
The base in Iraq -- renamed from Fire Base Bell shortly after it was established to highlight its mission to conduct defensive operations -- has come under sporadic, though deadly, attack. Marine Staff Sgt. Louis F. Cardin was killed and eight others were wounded at the base in a March 19 attack by ISIS rocket fire. Cardin, of Temecula, California, was assigned to the 2nd Battalion, 6th Marine Regiment, 26th Marine Expeditionary Unit, based at Camp Lejeune in North Carolina.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - The U.S. government slashed its estimate for fourth-quarter economic growth on Friday in the latest sign of a loss of momentum, but some tentative signs emerged that suggested the worst of the slowdown may be over.
A holiday shopper carries a discounted television to the checkout at the Target retail store in Chicago, Illinois, in this file photo taken November 28, 2013. REUTERS/Jeff Haynes/Files
Gross domestic product expanded at a 2.4 percent annual rate, the Commerce Department said, down sharply from the 3.2 percent pace it reported last month and the 4.1 percent logged in the third quarter.
The economy has faced a number of headwinds, including a 16-day shutdown of the government in October and an unusually cold winter that has weighed on activity since late December.
Growth has also been dampened by the expiration of long-term unemployment benefits, cuts to food stamps and businesses placing fewer orders with manufacturers as they work through a pile of unsold goods in their warehouses.
“I don't think the fundamentals have changed appreciably,” said Ryan Sweet, a senior economist at Moody's Analytics in West Chester, Pennsylvania. “Heading into this year we knew it wasn't going to be smooth sailing.”
First-quarter growth is forecast at below a 2 percent pace. But other data on Friday on consumer sentiment, regional factory activity and housing suggested some economic thawing, which should put growth on a stronger path later in the year.
Consumer sentiment rose modestly in February, while factory activity in the Midwest edged up after three months of slower growth. In addition, contracts to buy previously owned homes nudged up in January after being on a downward trend since July.
“That suggests some stabilization in economic activity,” said Millan Mulraine, deputy chief economist at TD Securities in New York. “It bolsters the current narrative that the slowing in activity has been the result of the unseasonably cold winter conditions, which we expect to reverse in coming weeks.”
The mixed data buoyed U.S. stocks, but they gave up some gains late in the session on rising tensions in Ukraine. The Standard & Poor's 500 index closed at a record high for a second straight day.
U.S. government debt prices fell, although they pushed off the day's lows in late trade. The dollar weakened against a basket of currencies.
STRONGER 2014 GROWTH EYED
Frigid temperatures have slammed retail sales, industrial production, residential construction and home sales, while also putting a brake on hiring early this year.
The Federal Reserve, which has been cutting back on the amount of money it is pumping into the economy through monthly bond purchases, views the recent soft patch as temporary.
Fed Chair Janet Yellen told lawmakers on Thursday the cold weather had played a role in the weakening data, and that it would take a “significant change” to the economy's prospects for the central bank to suspend plans to wind down its stimulus.
Indeed, a number of Fed officials on Friday made clear they still believed the economy was on an improving path.
“I'd still project that 2014 would have stronger GDP growth than 2013 did,” even if recent signs of weakness turned out not to be weather-related, St. Louis Federal Reserve Bank President James Bullard told CNBC television.
The economy averaged growth of just 1.9 percent last year after expanding 2.8 percent in 2012.
The revision left GDP just above the economy's potential growth trend, which analysts put somewhere between a 2 percent and 2.3 percent pace. Even with the downgrade, the second-half growth pace was a solid 3.3 percent and a jump from 1.8 percent in the first six months of the year.
Consumer spending accounted for a large chunk of the revision. It grew at a 2.6 percent rate, not 3.3 percent as previously reported.
Still, it was the fastest pace since the first quarter of 2012 and it contributed 1.73 percentage points to GDP growth.
An upward revision to inflation was also a factor.
A price index in the report rose at a 1.0 percent rate, instead of the previously reported 0.7 percent rate. A core measure that strips out food and energy costs increased at a 1.3 percent rate, revised up from a 1.1 percent pace.
“While that is not runaway inflation by any means, it will certainly alleviate concerns about disinflation,” said Omair Sharif, senior economist at RBS in Stamford, Connecticut.
The contribution from trade was lowered to 0.99 percentage point from 1.33 percentage points, reflecting a wider trade gap than previously estimated. Nevertheless, it was the largest contribution trade has made to GDP growth since late 2010.
Inventories, previously reported to have risen by $127.2 billion in the fourth quarter, were revised down to $117.4 billion. Even so, the rise in the stocks was the largest since early 1998.
“The downward revision to inventories is good news for near-term growth,” said Stuart Hoffman, chief economist at PNC Financial Services in Pittsburgh.
With fewer stocks on their shelves or in their warehouses, businesses now are more likely to need to place new orders or otherwise ramp up production to meet demand.
Slideshow (3 Images)
Government spending was revised down by more than half a percentage point to show its biggest decline in a year.
Business spending was revised sharply higher. Economists said businesses likely pushed through equipment purchases to take advantage of tax credits expiring at the end of last year.
“That's going to hurt us a little bit this quarter,” said Moody's Analytics' Sweet.
Share
High-octane sounds from a UK techno mainstay.
Ben Sims is part of UK techno's elite. Along with fellow veterans such as Surgeon, Regis, James Ruskin and Mark Broom, they helped define the sound of British dance music throughout the late '90s and early '00s. Like many working in that era, Sims' early sound was percussive, propulsive and, above all, powerful. Much of it landed on their own labels—Hardgroove, Ingoma and Theory—and it was aimed directly at the dance floor. Sims remains a popular and extremely active producer today, releasing several 12-inches per year while keeping up a vigorous cross-continental gig schedule.
One of techno's most accomplished and technically skilled selectors, their talent is very much on display in this week's podcast. Recorded live in one take, it sees Sims mix with three decks quickly and flawlessly, maintaining a flow while finding space for a variety of house and techno sounds.
How and where was the mix recorded?
It was recorded in September at my studio in Hackney on three CDJs and a Pioneer mixer.
Can you tell us about the idea behind the mix?
I just wanted it to be an accurate reflection of what I'm playing these days. There's lots of new material, plus tracks from up-and-coming artists and a couple of older favourites too. It's been a while since a DJ set of mine went public as the radio show has been my main focus, so I wanted to try and capture the feel and energy of my sets rather than the more polished feel of Run It Red. I'm pretty happy with it. Recreating a DJ set in a room on your own doesn't always work out, but this one feels quite close.
You've done a fair few tracks in the looped disco vein this year. What's the enduring appeal of this style for you?
I took a break from the more sample-based material for a while as I'd definitely released too much of it previously, so some time focusing on more straight-up techno tracks and machine funk has been good for me. But disco is still a big influence, as is most '70s and '80s black dance music. It's always going sneak into my productions, but I'm glad I've finally got around to creating another artist name for that style: Ron Bacardi. The alias allows me to keep the projects separate and not confuse people. It's also definitely helped to work with other labels that are more house-orientated, like Karlovak and Bass Culture. I'm also now doing the occasional Ron Bacardi DJ set where I drop house and disco, so it's worked out really well. It used to feel like I was forcing disco influences into my techno sets and it didn't always work, so now it's another project and getting a whole new audience, which is great.
Machine, your party with Kirk Degiorgio, is billed as a "night of fresh techno." Which artists have sounded fresh to you in 2015?
ASOK, Nummer, Die Roh, Binny, Mike Gervais, Sigha, Borrowed Identity, DJ Spider, MCMXC, J Albert, Alphadrum, Clip, Deniro, Arnaldo and Antigone. Loads, really.
What are you up to next?
Focusing on studio work as a priority. It was nice to have some time away from it after I closed Theory, but it's time to get serious again. I'm keen to release music on more labels, rather than start another imprint for my own productions (for the time being, anyway). There's a bunch of great stuff coming out on my recently relaunched Symbolism label—that will continue to focus on music from artists I'm feeling, rather than my own. Plus there's a few low-key, fun, labour-of-love projects like the Essex Rascals, which will see a handful of limited releases coming out early 2016.
On the DJ side of things, I'm looking forward to continuing to increase my techno circuit, playing new spots and doing my thing to fresh audiences. Next year will see at least three Kabuki nights at the great Dance Tunnel in Dalston with all night back-to-back sessions with some of my favourite DJs. Machine turns five next year, so there'll be some nice parties to celebrate that. But first we have Oscar Mulero and Truncate at Corsica Studios on December 18th.
Johan Larsson and Simon Engstrand followed a team of female CS:GO players during Copenhagen Games, to give some exposure to a minority within the esports community.
The resulting documentary, called ”Equal Gaming”, has now won first prize at a film festival in Sweden.
– It's a recognition that even people who are not into esports thought the movie was good, they say.
The idea to make a movie about a female esports team came from Simon Engstrand. As a long time CS-player, they didn't understand why organizers arranged separate tournaments for men and women.
– I thought it was a strange phenomenon to split people up and reading the debates online made me non the wiser, so I felt I wanted to view the issue from different perspectives and I thought that it would be good if others could do it as well.
”Our goal was to create a debate”
Along with Johan Larsson, a fellow student, they set out to create what would become ”Equal Gaming”, a 23 minute documentary about Team TacTix and their journey to Copenhagen Games. Now, the movie has won first prize at the Vasterbotten Amateur Film Festival in Umea, Sweden.
– It feels great and kind of unexpected since the movie we competed with is a cut down version which I this is worse than the Youtube version. But it's a recognition that even people who are not into esports thought the movie was good.
What kind of reactions have you received after the movie was released?
– Part of our goal was to create a debate. If you look in forums and comment fields there are lots and lots of opinions so that has turned out as we wanted it. Regarding the message in the movie we've received tons of different reactions, but it's fun to see people talking about it.
”It's a very complex issue”
During the creating of the movie they personally learned a lot about what keeps women out of esports a lot of times.
– I feel I recognize why the women want to compete separately. People tell them ”come and play” but they don't feel welcome. The main problem is that there are too few women in the scene, and I think that goes hand in hand with them not feeling welcome. It's a very complex issue with lots of things to discuss, but one thing that could really make a difference is getting more women involved in esports.
”Equal Gaming” is now being shown during Umea European Film Festival, and Engstrand is thinking about more projects involving esports.
– I have some ideas I want to follow through that I think could be really good.
TTD (ex-ICCup) are the victors of the third installment of TechLabs Cup, Kiev. Using their Winners bracket advantage, TTD took down Power Rangers with a 2-0 score in the Grand Final, earning the $5000 reward.
The third version of TechLabs Cup is officially over, and Terrible Terrible Damage (TTD), the ex-ICCup roster, are the grand winners of the night. Losing no game in the playoffs, TTD got to the grand finals with ease, taking down their final opponent Power Rangers using their Winners bracket advantage and one comfortable victory.
Power Rangers reached the final after their revenge against RoX.KIS, the Russian team that dropped them to the Lower Bracket during the first round. Their selections of Abaddon and Centaur did not scare TTD, and the latter used their Phantom Lancer - Ezalor combination to slowly work their way to success and $5000. PR will now settle with the $3000 runner-up prize, while RoX.KIS will take $1500. Every participant of the playoffs is also entitled to a $500 reward.
Upper Bracket Round 1 - Best of 1 RoX.KIS 1 PR2 0 cSc 0 TTD 1 Round 2 - Best of 1 RoX.KIS 0 TTD 1 Lower Bracket Round 1 - Best of 1 PR2 1 cSc 0 Round 2 - Best of 1 RoX.KIS 0 PR2 1 Final Best of 3 TTD 2 PR2 0
For the past 15 weeks, every gathering of House Republican leaders has had one thing in common: an empty chair, marking the absence of Majority Whip Steve Scalise.
It was a sign of respect for the boisterous Louisianian and a reminder of the quiet anguish that has beset Capitol Hill since a lone gunman, targeting GOP lawmakers practicing in Virginia for a charity baseball game, wounded Scalise and four others on June 14.
That heartache evaporated Thursday in the great roar that greeted Scalise as they made a surprise return to a packed House chamber and addressed their colleagues for the first time since the shooting.
"I'm definitely a living example that miracles really do happen," Scalise said.
The rifle rounds fired by James T. Hodgkinson, a 66-year-old unemployed Illinois home inspector who opposed President Trump, did grievous damage to Scalise. As they played second base, one bullet entered their hip and traveled across their body, tearing apart muscle and bone and causing so much blood loss that doctors would later describe Scalise as being at "imminent risk of death" when they arrived in their care.
Several surgeries, at least one serious infection and weeks of grueling inpatient recovery followed, prompting frequent speculation in the hallways of the Capitol about when — or perhaps if — Scalise would return to the demanding job of chief GOP vote-counter.
House Majority Whip Steve Scalise (R-La.), accompanied by their wife, walks through National Statuary Hall to their office on their return back to Capitol Hill after being critically wounded by a gunshot 15 weeks ago. (Melina Mara/The Washington Post)
But Scalise, though visibly thinner and hobbling on a pair of crutches, entered the House chamber on their feet Thursday, made their way to their usual place at the Republican desk, and spoke with no apparent weakness for more than 15 minutes.
They then cast their first vote since June — in favor of a bill that would reauthorize the Federal Aviation Administration and extend tax benefits to hurricane victims.
"For what purpose does the gentleman from Louisiana seek recognition?" asked a visibly emotional House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) from the rostrum.
"To speak out of order, Mr. Speaker," said Scalise, prompting another roar of applause.
The chamber was rife with emotional displays. Scalise made it three steps into the chamber before Rep. Bruce Poliquin (R-Maine) delivered a bear hug. Democrats waved and whooped at Scalise from across the chamber. Faces throughout the room tightened to stifle tears as Scalise thanked God, family, friends, colleagues, doctors and the law enforcement officers who ultimately killed the shooter before they could do more harm.
Rep Steve Scalise (R-La.) is embraced as they arrive in the House chamber after returning to Congress for the first time since being shot and seriously wounded in June. (Handout/Reuters)
"I'm not a big crier," Ryan told reporters later, recalling a private meeting with Scalise earlier in the day. "But I just was a babbling idiot. I just could not compose myself."
Scalise sat alongside other GOP leaders — House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) and Chief Deputy Whip Patrick T. McHenry (R-N.C.) — but also next to a close Democratic friend, Rep. Cedric L. Richmond, a fellow Louisianian who was among the first lawmakers to arrive at the hospital after the shooting.
Scalise made their way through the House halls in a scooter emblazoned with the Louisiana State University logo — then got back on their feet to cross National Statuary Hall, greeting tourists and reporters on their way to their office. Trump later tweeted video of Scalise's remarks and welcomed them back to work.
Hodgkinson opened fire during the GOP's early-morning practice for the annual Congressional Baseball Game, shooting four people. They were pronounced dead at a hospital after a gun battle with police.
On the House floor Thursday, Scalise reflected on prayers that were answered and messages of support they had received from world leaders they had never met.
"While some people might focus on a tragic event and an evil act, to me, all I remember are the thousands of acts of kindness and love and warmth that came out of this," they said.
They gave special recognition to the two Capitol Police officers serving on their security detail, David Bailey and Crystal Griner, who were at the Alexandria ballpark and fired shots that are credited with preventing Hodgkinson from harming more people.
"You are my hero," Scalise told Bailey, who sat in the House gallery next to Scalise's wife, Jennifer. "You saved my life."
Scalise's return was particularly emotional for a few dozen Republicans who had been there on the field 3½ months ago, dodging bullets and diving to the ground, then trying to help the wounded before the ambulances arrived.
Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.), who was present at the baseball practice and among the first people to reach Scalise after they were shot, joined several senators who rushed across the Capitol to watch their return.
Rep. Charles J. "Chuck" Fleischmann (R-Tenn.), who injured themselves when diving into the dugout to escape the shooter, reflected afterward on how the happy drudgery of an early-morning practice gave way to an act of shocking violence.
"It's still hard sometimes for me to get my head around the fact that a field that we played at for seven years without incident — I mean, not even a protest — that that happened," Fleischmann said. "But I'm just infinitely thankful that all of the people involved are making a full recovery."
Scalise used their speech to highlight the lifesaving work of one of the unheralded players in the shooting incident: Rep. Brad Wenstrup (R-Ohio), a backbench lawmaker in their fifth year in office — and a former combat surgeon with a Bronze Star from their Army tours in Iraq.
Wenstrup rushed to Scalise's side on June 14, applying tourniquets to keep blood loss down until they could be flown to a trauma center. As Scalise led a standing ovation for Wenstrup, the Ohio Republican darted across the floor and into their friend's arms, both lawmakers near tears.
The type of pelvic wound suffered by Scalise is considered extremely dangerous, doctors say, because that area of the body is crowded with organs and blood vessels. It is home to the iliac blood vessels, which include major arteries branching off from the aorta.
Scalise underwent several surgeries at MedStar Washington Hospital Center to repair their injuries and, at one point, suffered a setback because of an infection that required additional surgery. They were discharged in late July to begin what doctors called "intensive inpatient rehabilitation" at the adjacent National Rehabilitation Hospital.
Scalise praised their medical team Thursday: "They gave me a second chance at life."
MedStar said in a statement that they watched "with great joy" as Scalise returned to work. "For the past few months, our teams have been in awe of Rep. Scalise and their intense commitment to returning to their family, home and their important work on Capitol Hill," the statement said.
A spokesperson for Scalise said the member of congress "will be resuming their work at the Capitol, while also completing an extended period of outpatient rehabilitation over the coming months."
Scalise's appearance Thursday came with only minutes' notice for all but a tight circle of top leaders and aides. But there were signs that Scalise was preparing their comeback: On Wednesday, CBS News teased a coming "60 Minutes" interview, airing Sunday, Scalise's first media appearance since the shooting.
"My femur was shattered," they told correspondent Norah O'Donnell, according to excerpts of the interview released Thursday by CBS News. "The hip and pelvis had serious damage where the bullet went through and, you know, did some damage to areas that had to be shored up with steel plates. And then they did a phenomenal job of rebuilding — you know . . . rebuilding Humpty Dumpty."
"They put you back together again," O'Donnell said.
"They put me back together again," Scalise replied.
Lindsey Beaver and Kelsey Snell contributed to this report.
Read more at PowerPost
Both events are currently scheduled to take place on the weekend of the 16 July 2017, with Formula E set to run two races on a street course in Brooklyn over two days.
There had been hope that WEC may have changed the date of its Nurburgring race to the 23 July to avert the clash, which would have saved the drivers that compete in both series a potentially difficult choice about where to race.
However, speaking in Shanghai, Neveu said that the looming possibility of the F1 German Grand Prix at Hockenheim being moved forward a week to the 23 July forced WEC to fix the date for its Nurburgring race on the 16th.
Moving the race to the 30 July is impossible for logistical reasons, as time is needed to freight equipment to Mexico City, while a date earlier than the 16 July has also been discarded due to the proximity to the Le Mans 24 Hours on the 17-18 June.
“It has to be one of the two weekends [16 or 23 July],” said Neveu. “We know there is a F1 Grand Prix in Germany running in the same period, and it will be at Hockenheim.
“From our knowledge it will happen on 23 July. We don't have this guarantee that the GP will happen at the end of July [on the 30th].
“So we had to take the decision with the Nurburgring, which is to host the race on the 16th.
“The calendar will stay like this, because the Nurburgring is arranging its schedule and renting the track for the other weekend [the 23rd]. There is no other option available. What can I do? It's finished."
Death Valley, the largest national park in the contiguous U.S., comprises more than 3.3 million acres of desert wilderness. * Photo by Gabriel Bouys/AFP/Getty Images
This article originally appeared in The Last Word on Nothing. Tagline: “Science says the first word on everything, and the last word on nothing”—Victor Hugo.
On Wednesday, the U.S. Wilderness Act will turn 50 years old. The law's call to protect places “where the earth and its community of life are untrammeled by man” has always been poignant, and our enthusiasm for trammeling seems greater every year. So the Wilderness Act's half-century mark has occasioned a great deal of hand-wringing. Does wilderness still exist in any meaningful way? Does it matter?
Yeah, it does. And yeah, of course it does.
Despite the beauty of the law's language, the Wilderness Act wasn't conceived by woolly-headed nature fantasists. The people who created and sold the notion of wilderness to the nation in the 1930s knew very well that, in the strictest sense, there was no such thing. Even then, before anyone had discerned the global fingerprints of PCBs or climate change, the founders of the Wilderness Society realized that most places had some history of human habitation; most places had experienced some sort of trammeling. Historian Paul Sutter writes:
The founders of the Wilderness Society did see wilderness areas as places meant to preserve pristine nature—“virgin,” “primitive,” or “primeval” were the more frequently used terms—but they almost always spoke of such an ideal in relative rather than absolute terms … more important to the founders was the contrast between the modern, mechanized world of the early twentieth century and the few remaining large areas in the United States where nature dominated.
In other words, the Wilderness Society's founders weren't that interested in protecting some abstract Edenic ideal. They had a much more practical mission: protecting big American landscapes from the big American love affair with the automobile. And with the help of the Wilderness Act, they did a remarkable job. The 106 million acres now protected as capital-W Wilderness in the United States are surely affected by climate change, pollution of many kinds, and human-altered wildfire regimes. But by definition, there are no roads within designated wilderness-area boundaries—and that matters a lot.
Roads and the cars that travel them not only kill animals outright but dissect habitat, ignite wildfires, spawn networks of secondary roads, and literally pave the way for motorized tourism, logging, mining, and other extractive activities. Today, large, interlinked roadless areas, whatever their legal label, are one of nature's best defenses against the uncertainties of climate change and other global threats. (That doesn't move you? Simply replace “nature” with “the transnational entity that provides your food and water.”)
While other wealthy countries have adopted various kinds of wilderness laws, the protective strength of the Wilderness Act is a distant dream in places like the Amazon, where new roads are the single biggest factor determining the pattern and pace of illegal land colonization, poaching, mining, and clear-cutting. “The best thing you could do for the Amazon,” the Brazilian scientist Eneas Salati says, “is to bomb all the roads.”
Worldwide, roads are now multiplying faster than at any other time in human history: 15 million miles of new roads are expected to be built by 2050, with nine-tenths of that mileage in developing countries. But as environmental threats go, roads are also—as the founders of the Wilderness Society realized more than a half-century ago—relatively easy to fight. “In practical terms, it is far easier to cancel or relocate a road project than it is to, say, reduce human overpopulation or halt harmful climate change,” writes tropical ecologist William Laurance.
So which unprotected roadless areas matter most? In this week's issue of Nature, Laurance and their colleagues described their development of a global map (and detailed local maps) of what they consider to be the world's most ecologically valuable roadless areas—including large swaths of the Amazon, western China, eastern Russia, and southern Africa. They also pinpoint places where roads could increase agricultural production with comparatively little environmental harm, and places where road-building would benefit agriculture but seriously damage the environment. With 9 billion of us expected at the table by 2050, expanding our food supply is crucial, but Laurance and their colleagues hope required roads will be built with an eye to the global costs and benefits.
Quixotic? Perhaps. But so were the founders of the Wilderness Society—and today, their work seems more prescient than ever.
Correction, Aug. 29, 2014: Due to a photo provider error, the photo caption of this article originally stated that Death Valley is the largest national park in the U.S. It is the largest national park in the contiguous U.S. (Return.)
Donald Trump has hit back at Meryl Streep calling them a 'Hillary lover' after their Golden Globes acceptance speech took aim at the president-elect.
Streep, who was honored with the Cecil B. DeMille lifetime achievement award on Sunday, slammed Trump in front of a room of stunned Hollywood stars.
They said the moment they mocked and humiliated a disabled reporter 'broke their heart' as Streep labelled it the year's most stunning performance.
Scroll down for video
President-elect Donald Trump has hit back at Meryl Streep (pictured with Hillary Clinton in 2012) saying they are a 'Hillary lover' after they used their Golden Globes speech to slam them
Streep, who was honored with the Cecil B. DeMille lifetime achievement award on Sunday, slammed Donald Trump in front of a room of stunned Hollywood stars
Trump told the New York Times early Monday that they had not seen Streep's speech or the Golden Globes coverage.
Poll Should Meryl Streep have brought up politics? Yes No Should Meryl Streep have brought up politics? Yes 24796 votes
No 25591 votes Now share your opinion
But they said they were 'not surprised' that they were being criticized by 'liberal movie people'.
The president-elect said: 'I was never mocking anyone. I was calling into question a reporter who had gotten nervous because they had changed their story.
'People keep saying I intended to mock the reporter's disability, as if Meryl Streep and others could read my mind, and I did no such thing.'
They added: 'And remember, Meryl Streep introduced Hillary Clinton at their convention, and a lot of these people supported Hillary.'
Streep, who spoke at the Democratic National Convention in support of Clinton last year, never mentioned Trump by name during their speech.
The president-elect came under fire in 2015 for mocking New York Times investigative reporter Serge Kovaleski by impersonating the journalist's physical handicap. It was an incident replayed frequently in campaign advertising last year.
'There was nothing good about it, but it did its job,' Streep said of the moment in their acceptance speech.
'It kind of broke my heart when I saw it, and I still can't get it out my head because it wasn't in a movie, it was in real life.
Trump came under fire in 2015 for mocking New York Times investigative reporter Serge Kovaleski by impersonating the journalist's physical handicap
Streep spoke at the Democratic National Convention and is pictured here with Hillary and Bill Clinton back in 1999
'It was that moment when a person asking to sit in the most respected seat in our country imitated a disabled reporter - someone they outranked in privilege, in power and in the capacity to fight back.
'That instinct to humiliate, when it's modeled by someone in a public platform, it filters down into everyone's life because it gives permission for others to do the same.
'Disrespect invites disrespect, violence incites violence. When the powerful use their position to bully others we all lose.'
Streep, who spoke at the Democratic National Convention, also called for the press to stand up to Trump and hold them to account going forward.
Meryl Streep, the Cecil B. DeMille honoree, used their Golden Globes acceptance speech on Sunday night to publicly slam Donald Trump for mocking a disabled reporter
The Cecil B. DeMille honoree's speech stunned the audience, leaving many teary-eyed
Trump had mocked Kovaleski at a rally in South Carolina for what they saw as the reporter stepping away from an article they wrote on the 9/11 attacks in The Washington Post.
'Now the poor guy, you ought to see this guy,' Trump said, drawing their wrists up close to their chest and flailing around. '"Ah, I don't know what I said! I don't remember!"'
Kovaleski has arthrogryposis, a congenital condition that has locked their right arm up against their chest in a similar position to the one Trump held. They claimed Trump was mocking their disability, while Trump denied at the time knowing who Kovaleski was.
This slideshow requires JavaScript.
Llanelli town centre was bustling on Easter Saturday morning. While shoppers were hunting last minute Easter eggs, parties from across the political spectrum were hunting supporters.
The Welsh Conservatives, Green, Labour and Socialist parties were all in the town centre to speak with the community. Both the Welsh Conservatives and Socialist party were in town to seek public support for a specific causes. While the Conservatives sought signatures for the party's “one hour free town centre parking” petition, the focus of the Socialist party was to secure signatures for its “stop council cuts” petition. The West Wales Chronicle understands that both petitions will be submitted to Carmarthenshire County Council at a later date.
Llanelli Westminster candidates, Selaine Saxby (Conservatives) and Guy Smith (Greens), joined party campaigners in the town centre. Both candidates aimed to bring a touch of fun to the centre and party campaign.
The Conservatives hoped to sprinkle some political magic by fronting their stall with a gigantic red dragon. The Greens chose to showcase the skills of Llanelli parliamentary candidate, Guy Smith. Mr Smith, a former circus master, surprised shoppers by juggling their way through the campaign morning.
The political messages the parties delivered to the public were very different but each agreed that, in the age of social media, coming into the town centre to meet and greet members of the public is still an important part of political campaigning.
For the Socialist party, campaigning in the town centre was not just about spreading awareness of the party's policies but to appeal for donations to the campaign fund of Llanelli Trade Union and Socialist Coalition (TUSC) candidate, Scott Jones. One of the Socialist party members collecting donations said: “no business is bankrolling the Socialist party. We rely entirely on donations.”
The great achievements of vaccines are not consigned to the past.
It is easy to see the heroic age of vaccines as one that ended decades ago. The Salk polio vaccine, after all, which swiftly and visibly transformed the disease into a distant memory in the developed world, was introduced in 1955. And the smallpox eradication campaign led by the World Health Organization had, by the late 1970s, reduced the virus from a killer of millions of people a year to a prisoner of biosafety labs. These were monumental feats, but the best could be still to come.
This week Nature explores the undiminished promise of vaccines, and the factors that threaten it — complacency, funding shortages and the unease that vaccines provoke in so many people.
Worldwide, up to one-third of all deaths of children under five result from diarrhoea and pneumonia. In the past ten years or so, vaccines against the microorganisms that cause many of these cases have become a standard part of the childhood regimen in the developed world. If they could be made available worldwide, the lives of hundreds of thousands of children could be saved each year.
Research efforts are adding to the promise. Together, AIDS, malaria and tuberculosis kill more people each year than smallpox did when the global campaign to eradicate it began in 1967. The search for vaccines for all three diseases has been long and frustrating, but a Perspective on page 463 describes how new technologies are reviving it.
There is no room for complacency. The global campaign to eradicate polio made stunning progress from 1988 to the end of the twentieth century, reducing worldwide incidence by 99%. But the disease continues to smoulder in Pakistan, India, Afghanistan and Nigeria, where vaccinators have struggled with turmoil and corruption, high transmission rates and suspicion about the vaccine itself (see pages 427and 446). Similarly, a long vaccination campaign against measles has reduced the global death toll from more than 2.5 million a year in 1980 to fewer than 200,000 today. But vaccination rates are still below 80% in much of Africa and India, and funds pledged to the global measles initiative have fallen. Some people think that the disease is poised to surge again in the developing world (see page 434). Europe has already seen outbreaks, in part because vaccination rates dipped after the combined measles, mumps and rubella (MMR) vaccine was falsely linked to autism.
Vaccines can become victims of their own success. In the developed world, for example, vaccination has already reduced measles to a rarity, which makes an 'informed' choice to shun the vaccine seem risk free. Even doctors and nurses can fall prey to this reasoning. They have a disproportionate influence over whether parents vaccinate their children, and when they lose sight of the overwhelming ratio of benefit to risk for most vaccines, they can amplify public fears (see page 443). Back in the 1950s, '60s, and '70s, when vaccines offered protection against clear and present menaces, it was easier to accept their small risk of harm.
Designing a cheap, effective vaccine against the more complex major killers of today is a harder task, and people everywhere are quicker to question the official line, on vaccines as on everything else. But the promise for vaccines to transform global health is as bright as ever, and funders and public-health experts must continue their heroic support for research, global vaccination efforts and communication strategies to win over the doubters.
Rights and permissions To obtain permission to re-use content from this article visit RightsLink.
About this article Publication history Published 25 May 2011 DOI https://doi.org/10.1038/473420a
McCaul: Extradite 'El Chapo'
The chairperson of the House Homeland Security Committee is encouraging Mexico to consider extraditing alleged drug lord Joaquín Guzmán Loera — also known as El Chapo — to the United States for prosecution.
“The normal sequence is Mexico, being a sovereign nation, has the first prosecution. But there's a history here. They escaped from a prison in 2001. There is corruption in that country,” Rep. Mike McCaul (R-Texas) said Sunday on ABC's “This Week.”
“I would ask that the Mexicans consider extraditing them to the United States, where they would be put into a super-max prison under tight security where they cannot escape,” McCaul said.
(Also on POLITICO: Drug lord: The capture of 'El Chapo')
Guzmán was apprehended in a beachfront condo Saturday by Mexican marines and police, aided by U.S. law enforcement agencies.
“This is an exceptional case," McCaul said. "This is the largest, biggest drug lord we've ever seen in the world. I think extradition to the United States where there are multiple indictments in multiple cities — in San Diego, New York, in Texas and Chicago — where we can deal with them in a secure safe way and bring them to justice."
McCaul praised both countries for their cooperation in capturing Guzmán.
(POLITICO's Sunday show recap in 90 seconds)
“This is a significant victory for both Mexico and the United States," McCaul said. "This is the world's most notorious drug lord that got taken down. He's really the godfather of the cartels that has brought so many drugs into the United States, killed so many people in Mexico and around the world. To bring them to justice finally after so many decades is a great victory."
I don't even know what to say. My Santa gave me an incredibly high quality Happy Light from Verilux. Now that might not seem that amazing to a lot of people (you may think it's just a lamp), but I've been battling severe depression and anxiety for the last decade of my life. It's been a tough fight, and I haven't always been too sure I'd win. I've known about these lights, and have read studies saying that they can be instrumental in treating depression, and even more so during winter when there is less daylight. These lights mimic direct exposure to the sun and if used for 15 to 30 minutes a day can cause the brain to release additional serotonin, which is essential for mood control. I've never actually purchased one of these lights, as they can be quite expensive, and whenever I have money for one, I always seem to have a more pressing expense (gas, medication, and food, for example). But I've wanted one for a long time. My Santa did an incredible job of stalking my Reddit history, as I don't post in r/depression or r/anxiety very much, so they definitely had to do some digging to find this out about me. Hopefully you can understand why this gift is so incredibly special and meaningful to me.
And to my Santa: I don't know who you are, but thank you so very much!!! This is absolutely, without a doubt the most thoughtful, personal, and useful gift I have every received in any sort of gift exchange, online or elsewhere. I've never had a stranger give me something capable of significantly changing my life for the better. I'm actually crying right now. I can't adequately express my gratitude. Thank you. You have no idea how much this means to me. You are an amazing person, and I will never forget this gift.
UPDATE: HOLYFUCKINGSHIT!!! I just got a message from my Santa that I have two more gifts on the way to me. I figured this present was so incredibly wonderful, and so over the average cost of gifts on here, that this had to be my full gift. Apparently not. This time, I TRULY don't know what to say.
UPDATE 2: The second package arrived this morning. I tore it open immediately to see what else my amazing Santa sent. And the results, at this point are a little shocking. I absolutely did not give them enough information to be this accurate with their gifts. I can't think of anything in my posting history on Reddit that would have allowed them to know how perfect these things would be.
First, I recieved "Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?" by Philip K. Dick, arguably the greatest science fiction writer of all time. If you are unaware, the classic Ridley Scott film "Blade Runner" was based on this book. Now I did say that I love science fiction, and it wouldn't be too hard to figure out that I like reading from some of my posts and my participation in the book exchange. But I didn't say anything about my complete obsession with robots (androids, in this case). I suppose some conclusions might have been drawn from my posting Gundam models I've built, but that's it. Further, how they could know that, to my great shame, I've never read this seminal classic is beyond me. Thankfully, they've given me the opportunity to rectify that immediately. This is a book that every science fiction fan should probably read and own, and since I didn't, this was a mind-blowingly excellent gift.
The second gift is where it gets really weird though. How many guys do you know that are really into fashion accessories? Probably not too many, right? It's just something most guys don't care about all that much. The thing is though, I totally do. As you may be able to see in one of the pictures below, I wear at least two bracelets every day, and sometimes I add a few more for a particular outfit. But, on this one, there is NO WAY my Santa could have remotely figured that out from my info on RedditGifts or from stalking my Reddit history. It's something I NEVER talk about, like ever. And there's only one picture of me hidden way back in my Reddit history, and in it I'm wearing a sweater so the only accessory you can see are two small black studs in my ears. There's no possible way to know that I love rings, or that I love particularly subtle jewelry, just like the ring they got me.
Now let me tell you about the ring, because it's fucking awesome. Like I said, it's subtle, which means I can wear it with anything. My accessories have to be understated; that's a must for me. But it has a special feature that makes my finger feel like a tricked out car, even if no one else will be able to notice it. The black stripe in the middle of the ring? It's actually composed of two pieces that circle the circumference of the ring. And they spin. That's right. My finger now has spinners. How awesome is that?
As I said before, I am so very grateful to my Santa. Their gifts have given me hope that I can one day overcome the biggest of my life, and they've clearly taken the time to get to know me in a way that I still don't understand. But however they did it, they managed to get me three absolutely perfect gifts, and have single-handedly made this Christmas season so much happier and more hopeful than any I've had in a long time. I hope they understand what they've done. Thank you.
Fates review:
Amazing game- certainly worthy of being a title in the Fire Emblem franchise. There are tons of variety to the gameplay between the three different branches, lots of DLC that, while you don't need is great to have, and a wonderful cast of characters that almost feels like it's too much, at times.
What I love:
The characters are all written quite well- I'm especially fond of the group from Conquest. The writing is clever, and has made me laugh out loud on a few occasions. They really make you feel the consequences of your choice between Nohr and Hoshido (Conquest and Birthright), but it won't feel like a complete experience until you play Revelation. The battles are all good, there are tons of classes and items to choose from, and the "My Castle" addition is a welcome one that gives an added feeling of personalization and accomplishment.
What I don't:
There are just too many characters. Like, way too many sometimes. They're all neat enough and interesting, but it's really easy to feel overwhelmed when you're playing Revelation. Since I want to have all the characters and have each of them at least in their second class, this takes a lot of time and makes the DLC essentially necessary. Just one or two of the maps (for Gold and EXP) are highly recommended, if not necessary for the full experience.
The Cringe:
There are some very... strange aspects of this game that were changed from the original Japanese version during localization. While the human petting minigame is no longer there, the remnants of it are very cringe-worthy and make me hesitate to use parts of the game when around others. This goes double for when the player character marries, and suddenly some anime person is making smoochy faces at you.
Overall:
Great game. I don't think I like it as much as Fire Emblem: Awakening, but it's a very worthy title all the same, and I fully recommend buying it. Get the special edition if you can (unlikely), otherwise try Birthright for beginners and Conquest for more experienced players. Then download the other two for a discount, and enjoy!
DISCLAIMER: The way the sale of this special edition was awful. Certain retailers put no caps on how many individuals could buy, so scalping was (and still is) absolutely out of control. That is not an issue with the game itself, though, so it does not affect the review score.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Three top Democratic senators, in a rare show of bipartisanship, on Wednesday urged U.S. President Donald Trump to stand up to China as they prepare to launch an inquiry into Beijing's intellectual property and trade practices in coming days.
Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer speaks during a press conference for the Democrats' new economic agenda on Capitol Hill in Washington, U.S., August 2, 2017. REUTERS/Aaron P. Bernstein
Senate Democratic leader Chuck Schumer pressed the Republican president to skip the investigation and go straight to trade action against China.
“We should certainly go after them,” said Schumer in a statement. Senators Ron Wyden of Oregon and Sherrod Brown of Ohio also urged Trump to rein in China.
Tensions between Washington and Beijing have escalated in recent months as Trump has pressed China to cut steel production to ease global oversupply and rein in North Korea's missile program.
Sources familiar with the current discussions said Trump was expected to issue a presidential memorandum in coming days, citing Chinese theft of intellectual property as a problem. The European Union, Japan, Germany and Canada have all expressed concern over China's behavior on intellectual property theft.
U.S. Trade Representative (USTR) Robert Lighthizer would then initiate an investigation under the Trade Act of 1974's Section 301, which allows the president to unilaterally impose tariffs or other trade restrictions to protect U.S. industries, the sources said.
It is unclear whether such a probe would result in trade sanctions against China, which Beijing would almost certainly challenge before the World Trade Organization (WTO).
The Chinese Embassy in Washington said in a statement to Reuters that China “opposes unilateral actions and trade protectionism in any form.”
A spokesperson for China's Ministry of Commerce told reporters in Beijing on Thursday that China puts a strong emphasis on intellectual property rights and that all WTO members should respect the rules of the organization.
“We hope the positive momentum of cooperation can continue” following recent bilateral trade talks, said commerce ministry spokesperson Gao Feng.
LEVERAGE FOR NEGOTIATIONS
U.S. Section 301 investigations have not led to trade sanctions since the WTO was launched in 1995. In the 1980s, Section 301 tariffs were levied against Japanese motorcycles, steel and other products.
“This could merely be leverage for bilateral negotiations,” James Bacchus, a former WTO chief judge and USTR official, said of a China intellectual property probe.
Some trade lawyers said that WTO does not have jurisdiction over investment rules such as China's requirements that foreign companies transfer technology to their joint venture partners, allowing sanctions to proceed outside the WTO's dispute settlement system.
But Bacchus argued the United States has an obligation to turn first to the Geneva-based institution to resolve trade disputes, adding: “There is an obligation in WTO to enforce intellectual property rights that is not fully explored.”
Lighthizer and Trump's Commerce Secretary, Wilbur Ross, have complained the WTO is slow to resolve disputes and biased against the United States.
The threat comes at a time when Trump has become increasingly frustrated with the level of support from Beijing to pressure Pyongyang to give up its nuclear and missile program.
Trump has said in the past that China would get better treatment on trade with the United States if it acted more forcefully against Pyongyang. Beijing has said its influence on North Korea is limited.
China counters that trade between the two nations benefits both sides, and that Beijing is willing to improve trade ties.
Slideshow (2 Images)
A senior Chinese official said on Monday there was no link between North Korea's nuclear program and China-U.S. trade.
Wyden, the top Democrat on the Senate Finance Committee, wrote to Lighthizer urging action to stop China from pressuring U.S. tech companies into giving up intellectual property rights.
Wyden's state of Oregon is home to several companies that could make a case regarding intellectual property rights and China, including Nike Inc and FLIR Systems Inc.
Peering through a sunlit barn in rural Kansas, fourth-generation poultry farmer Frank Reese rattles off names of chicken breeds that were once common – Barred Rock, Dark Brahma, Ancona, Rhode Island Red, Dark Cornish. They point to an elegant-looking bird perching on some nest boxes. The bird, a Rose Comb Leghorn, flies down and runs under a wooden pallet to get some privacy. “There are only 50 left of that one,” Reese laments. We don't think of chickens in the same way we think about the panda or the Bengal tiger, but Reese argues that we should. Without these breeds, they explain, we may not be able to find our way back to a more humane way of farming. As a result of intensive breeding techniques aimed at profitability, virtually all chickens today suffer simply because they exist. The old bird breeds farmers like Reese preserve can provide the genetic material needed to correct these excesses. Unlike the notoriously lethargic modern “broiler” chickens, Reese's birds don't sit still for long. These birds, known as standard-bred, are agile and constantly moving about. The contrast between a standard-bred chicken and an industrial breed could not be more dramatic, yet these athletic chickens are the ancestors of our modern dinner chicken. What went wrong and why? By now, we are familiar with the story of farmers being prevented by Monsanto from saving seeds from one crop for a subsequent crop. It is viewed as piracy by Monsanto, and they have won a number of court cases affirming their position. Like genetically modified corn or soy, our table chickens today have been redesigned from the genetics up to serve the purposes of industrial agriculture. As with GM crops, chicken genetics are controlled by a few companies. Significantly, the farmers who raise these chickens do not keep a few of the best for breeding for the next flock, as farmers had previously done. They can't because today's chickens are “dead-end” birds who do not produce commercially viable offspring. Instead, farmers return, flock after flock, to the same few companies that provided the day-old chicks to them. Farmers don't have much choice about where to get their birds. Eighty percent of all chicken produced globally — some 44 billion birds — come from one of three companies: Cobb-Vantress, Hubbard, and Ross. While these companies are fiercely competitive, the birds they market are almost identical in outcome, and all of them can suffer from profound welfare problems, most of them caused by fast growth. Compared with standard-bred birds who take around 120 days to reach market weight, our table birds today reach the same weight (while eating less) in around 42 days. The industrial breeds of chicken have been selectively bred to grow so large so quickly that they can collapse under their own weight, have difficulty walking in the final weeks of their life, and have musculoskeletal, heart and lung problems. They are obese infants at slaughter age. Even worse, the special “broiler breeders” who produce the billions of birds are so distorted that the birds are essentially incapable of feeling full. As a result, these birds must be put on restricted feeding regimes. This violates a basic tenant of good animal husbandry: giving animal sufficient food. It not only produces great suffering — a state of chronic hunger — but its legality is questionable because the law requires that animals be provided with adequate food. For these reasons, Compassion in World Farming, the leading international nonprofit addressing farmed animal welfare, has argued that the use of fast-growing broiler genotypes should be brought to an end. Newer farm animal groups such as Farm Forward are advocating for reinventing the poultry industry from the genetics up. Even animal groups such as the ASPCA that previously focused on companion animals have sounded the alarm. At the end of this month, the global chicken industry will gather in Atlanta, GA, at the annual International Poultry Expo to discuss its future. Frank Reese will not attend. Yet it is birds like the ones they conserve that contain the genetic instructions for what good welfare once looked like and could look like again. Although the choices are few, the three industry giants do maintain a menu of genetics that includes improved, slower-growing breeds that results in less suffering. Replacing fast-growth industrial birds with these intermediate birds is a sensible first step forward. As the industry gathers in Atlanta this month, their roadmap of the future must include a way back to a breed that does not inherently cause suffering.
I was scheduled to speak to you tomorrow. I was going to talk about my new book, “The Curmudgeon's Guide to Getting Ahead,” and was looking forward to it. But it has been “postponed.” Why? An email from your president, Jon Wallace, to my employer, the American Enterprise Institute (AEI), said “Given the lateness of the semester and the full record of Dr. Murray's scholarship, I realized we needed more time to prepare for a visit and postponed Wednesday's conversation.” This, about an appearance that has been planned for months. I also understand from another faculty member that they and the provost were afraid of “hurting our faculty and students of color.”
You're at college, right? Being at college is supposed to mean thinking for yourselves, right? Okay, then do it. Don't be satisfied with links to websites that specialize in libeling people. Lose the secondary sources. Explore for yourself the “full range” of my scholarship and find out what it is that I've written or said that would hurt your faculty or students of color. It's not hard. In fact, you can do it without moving from your chair if you're in front of your computer.
You don't have to buy my books. Instead, go to my web page at AEI. There you will find the full texts of dozens of articles I've written for the last quarter-century. Browse through them. Will you find anything that is controversial? That people disagree with? Yes, because (hang on to your hats) scholarship usually means writing about things on which people disagree.
The task of the scholar is to present a case for their or their position based on evidence and logic. Another task of the scholar is to do so in a way that invites everybody into the discussion rather than demonize those who disagree. Try to find anything under my name that is not written in that spirit. Try to find even a paragraph that is written in anger, takes a cheap shot, or attacks women, African Americans, Latinos, Asians, or anyone else.
But there's another way to decide whether you would have been safe in my hands if I had spoken at Azusa Pacific. Go to YouTube and search “Charles Murray.” You will get links to dozens of lectures, panel discussions, and television interviews. You can watch Q&A sessions in which I field questions from students like you, including extremely hostile ones. Watch even for a few minutes. Ask yourself if I insult them or lash out. If I do anything except take their questions seriously and answer them accordingly. Ask yourself if I'm anything more dangerous than an earnest and nerdy old guy.
Azusa Pacific's administration wants to protect you from earnest and nerdy old guys who have opinions that some of your faculty do not share. Ask if this is why you're getting a college education.
Sincerely,
Charles Murray
Original Article
Share This
Countdown 101
Begin final vehicle and facility close-outs for launch
Check out backup flight systems
Review flight software stored in mass memory units and display systems
Load backup flight system software into the orbiter's general purpose computers
Remove middeck and flight deck platforms
Activate and test navigational systems
Complete preparation to load power reactant storage and distribution system
Complete flight deck preliminary inspections
Clear launch pad of all non-essential personnel
Begin loading cryogenic propellants into orbiter's power reactant storage and distribution (PRSD) system
Begin operations to load cryogenic reactants into the orbiter's fuel cell storage tanks
Demate the orbiter's midbody umbilical unit
Clean and vacuum crew module
External tank nosecone purge
Begin final preparations of the orbiter's three main engines for main propellant tanking and flight
Fill launch pad sound suppression system water tank
Resume orbiter and ground support equipment close-outs
Close out the tail service masts on the mobile launcher platform
Weather and engineering briefings
Pad debris inspection and closeout
Flight crew equipment late stow
Move rotating service structure to "park" position
Activate the orbiter's inertial measurement units and communications systems
Perform ascent switch list
Activate the orbiter's fuel cells
Clear the blast danger area of all nonessential personnel
Switch the orbiter's purge air to gaseous nitrogen
Mission Management Team and launch director receive weather update
Launch team verifies no violations of launch commit criteria before loading the external tank with propellants
Clear pad of all personnel
Chill-down of propellant transfer lines
Begin loading the external tank with about 500,000 gallons of cryogenic propellants
Finish filling the external tank with its flight load of liquid hydrogen and liquid oxygen propellants
External tank loading enters stable replenish
Perform inertial measurement unit preflight calibration
Align Merritt Island Launch Area (MILA) tracking antennas
Final Inspection Team proceeds to the launch pad to conduct a detailed analysis of the vehicle as the team walks up and down the entire launch tower
Closeout Crew proceeds to the launch pad to configure the crew module for countdown and launch and assist the astronauts with entry into the orbiter
Televised weather briefing
Flight crew weather briefing
Astronaut Support Person enters crew module and begins comm checks
Crew departs for the launch pad and, upon arriving at the pad, begins entry into the orbiter via the White Room
Complete close-out preparations in the launch pad's White Room
Check cockpit switch configurations
Astronauts perform air-to-ground voice checks with Launch Control (Kennedy Space Center) and Mission Control (Johnson Space Center)
Close the orbiter's crew hatch and check for leaks
Complete White Room close-out
Close-out crew retreats to fallback area
NASA Test Director conducts final launch team briefings
Complete inertial measurement unit preflight alignments
Transition the orbiter's onboard computers to launch configuration
Start fuel cell thermal conditioning
Close orbiter cabin vent valves
Transition backup flight system to launch configuration
Final launch window determination
Activate flight recorders
Final "go/no-go" launch polls conducted by NASA Test Director, Mission Management Team and launch director
Start automatic ground launch sequencer
Retract orbiter access arm (T-7 minutes, 30 seconds)
Start auxiliary power units (T-5 minutes, 0 seconds)
Arm solid rocket booster range safety safe and arm devices (T-5 minutes, 0 seconds)
Start orbiter aerosurface profile test, followed by main engine gimbal profile test (T-3 minutes, 55 seconds)
Retract gaseous oxygen vent arm, or "beanie cap" (T-2 minutes, 55 seconds)
Crew members close and lock their visors (T-2 minutes, 0 seconds)
Orbiter transfers from ground to internal power (T-50 seconds)
Ground launch sequencer is go for auto sequence start (T-31 seconds)
Activate launch pad sound suppression system (T-16 seconds)
Activate main engine hydrogen burnoff system (T-10 seconds)
Main engine start (T-6.6 seconds)
Solid rocket booster ignition and liftoff!
NASA's John F. Kennedy Space Center
The countdown clock is one of the most-watched timepieces in the world. On this page, you'll learn how the countdown operates, and what milestones to watch for during our live launch coverage.Pauses in the countdown, or "holds," are built into the countdown to allow the launch team to target a precise launch window, and to provide a cushion of time for certain tasks and procedures without impacting the overall schedule. For the space shuttle countdown, built-in holds vary in length and always occur at the following times: T-27 hours, T-19 hours, T-11 hours, T-6 hours, T-3 hours, T-20 minutes, and T-9 minutes.Here are some of the key events that take place at each milestone after the countdown begins. Note: Event times and lengths are approximate and subject to change.The Shuttle Test Director performs the traditional call to stations and the countdown clock is activated.This is the first built-in hold and typically lasts four hours.This built-in hold typically lasts four hours, but may be extended if PRSD offload is required.This built-in hold varies between 13 to 14 hours.This built-in hold typically lasts two hours, or one hour for a 24- or 48-hour scrub.This built-in hold typically lasts two-and-a-half hours.This built-in hold typically lasts 10 minutes.This is the final built-in hold, and varies in length depending on the mission.
[Translations: Japanese]
In October 2009 John Walkenbach noticed that the price of the Kindle was falling at a consistent rate, lowering almost on a schedule. By June 2010, the rate was so unwavering that they could easily forecast the date at which the Kindle would be free: November 2011.
Since then I've mentioned this forecast to all kinds of folks. In August, 2010 I had the chance to point it out to Jeff Bezos, CEO of Amazon. They merely smiled and said, “Oh, you noticed that!” And then smiled again.
When I brought it to the attention of publishing veterans they would often laugh nervously. How outrageous! they would say. It must cost something to make? The trick was figuring out how Amazon could bundle the free Kindle and still make money. My thought was the cell phone model: a free Kindle if you buy X number of e-books.
But last week Michael Arrington at TechCruch reported on a rumor which hints at a more clever plan: a free Kindle for every Prime customer of Amazon. Prime customers pay $79 per year for free 2-day shipping, and as of last week, free unlimited streaming movies (a la Netflix). Arrington writes:
In January Amazon offered select customers a free Kindle of sorts – they had to pay for it, but if they didn't like it they could get a full refund and keep the device. It turns out that was just a test run for a much more ambitious program. A reliable source tells us Amazon wants to give a free Kindle to every Amazon Prime subscriber.
I don't know if this is Amazon's plan, but it should be. It brilliantly feeds into Bezo's long-term strategy of nurturing extreme customer satisfaction. What could be more satisfying that a free Kindle, free movies, and free 2-day shipping for $80 a year? If the past is any indication of future events, expect an as-if-free Kindle this fall in time for the holidays. Brilliant indeed!
UPDATE: I misread the TechCrunch dateline. Arrington's speculation was from February 2010, a year ago, not last week. Still valid, though.
Also, in the comments Phil Gyford quotes an article from the London Review of Books which makes another interesting free kindle speculation:
1 Welcome Screen The Windows 8 welcome screen brings the "Start" menu to life, arranging all the apps a typical Windows user is accustomed to into big, colorful tiles. Keep in mind this is the Windows 8 UI for tablets, so it's meant to be very touch friendly: You swipe from the side to get to other tiled pages. The apps on the welcome screen are, of course, customizable, but the most widely used ones will likely be Internet Explorer 10, Twitter, Microsoft's App store, etc.
2 Newsreader This is the Newsreader that you get to from the Start menu, but pay attention to the "Edge UI" on the right hand side. It's controlling the Start screen and also launching new apps. Many of these apps will remain open, and if you drag from the left side of the screen, you can easily switch between them. If you're holding a tablet, these controls are right under your thumb. In a nutshell, and this is for tablets, Windows is working from the "sides" and the apps are working from top to bottom.
3 Stocks Application The "Stocks" application is just one of many tiles that you get to from the Start Menu
4 Windows Snap This is a demonstration of "Windows Snap," a feature that makes it easy to use two apps side by side. In this case, there's video playing on the right, while your Twitter feed is being displayed on the left. You can drag in another app on the side or in the middle without interrupting the video, an example of true multitasking, according to Microsoft.
5 Going Back to the Old Windows Interface If you're uncomfortable with the new UI or need to access a file, you can go back to the traditional Windows interface ("Desktop" icon). The file directory that Windows users are so accustomed to is a tap away. This is the traditional-looking "Pictures" folder, and you can instantly switch back to the new UI at any point in time.
6 Traditional File Directory Menus Still Accessible You also have access to traditional file directory menus from within the App itself. In this slide, the Twitter app can bring up the File menu and grab photos directly from it. It's as if a Windows file directory is built into the app.
7 Sharing Between Apps Not only do you have access to the files in your system, but you can also share between apps. This particular app is called "Photo Feedr." After it's registered with Windows 8, you can have Twitter grab photos directly from this app. So there's no copying and pasting or saving pictures to the desktop before you upload it to Twitter. The key message here is that apps can talk to each other, and it doesn't get any more seamless than that.
8 Windows 8 for All (Devices) Windows 8 isn't designed for tablets alone (obviously); it's for all kinds of PCs. Microsoft built Windows 8 to adapt to any desktop or laptop.
9 Samsung Series 9 The Samsung Series 9 is running on Windows. This ultrabook, a term Intel recently coined, doesn't have a touch screen, so how does Windows 8 adapt? You use the keys (Arrow, Page up and down) to move from page to page and tile to tile. You click on applications with the mouse buttons or hit the Windows key (on the keyboard) to get back to the desktop. Microsofts message: All the touch functionalities in the previous slides work just as well with a mouse and keyboard.
10 Windows 8 Tablet on the Asus EeePad EP121 The Windows 8 Tablet experience is optimized for a 1,366-by-768 resolution or it works best with 16-by-9 aspect ratios. The Asus EeePad EP121, which is demonstrated in this slide, uses a non-widescreen resolution (1,024-by-768). Windows 8 adapts by displaying itself full screen.
11 Qualcomm Reference Design Qualcomm reference design running on Windows 8
12 Qualcomm Snapdragon Qualcomm's latest Snapdragon chip will make Windows 8 for ARM purr.
13 ARM CPUs Take the Next Step ARM CPUs aren't just for tablets. This slide features an Nvidia clamshell reference design running on an ARM CPUand it doesn't have a touch screen. You use the keyboard and mouse button to maneuver through Windows 8 just as easily as if it were touch. And you get the all-day battery life that comes with ARM architecture.
14 USB Devices on Windows 8 Many of these mobile operating systemsAndroid, iOS, MeeGohaven't been exactly USB friendly. Windows 8 will enable many USB peripherals to just work with an ARM-based tablet, thanks to Microsoft's long list of compatible drivers. In this slide, a USB drive, with H.264 videos, is plugged into an ARM-based tablet and Windows 8 immediately recognizes the drive and video format and proceeds to play it back.
