Johnny Russell has been restored to the Derby County starting line-up for this afternoon's highly-anticipated Sky Bet Championship clash away at Newcastle United, kick-off: 3pm.
The 26-year-old Scotland international missed the Rams' 3-0 win away at Ipswich Town on Tuesday evening with a minor knee injury.Abdoul Camara replaced them at Portman Road and impressed on the left flank, but they drop to the substitutes bench at St James' Park to make way for Russell – the only change that Steve McClaren has made to their starting line-up.That does mean that Nick Blackman is the unfortunate casualty to drop out of the matchday 18 altogether, with the Rams boasting a strong looking bench once more.This afternoon's trip to the North East will see Alex Pearce make their 300th start in club football as they continue to partner Richard Keogh at centre back.Behind them is Scott Carson in goal – maintaining their 100 per cent record between the sticks in the league this term – whilst Chris Baird and Marcus Olsson complete the back in the full back positions.In an unchanged midfield, Bradley Johnson is deployed in the holding midfield role, with Craig Bryson, who has scored two goals in their last two games, and Jacob Butterfield playing further forward.Tom Ince, top scorer with 11 to their name for the season, plays on the right flank, Russell on the left, and the duo will partner Darren Bent, who continues to lead the Derby attack.McClaren, making their return to Newcastle, continues to have a strong substitutes bench to call upon with Jonathan Mitchell, the former Magpies youngster, Cyrus Christie, Jason Shackell, Ikechi Anya, Julien de Sart, Abdoul Camara and Matěj Vydra all reserve should they wish to call upon them.
Newcastle United: Darlow, Clark, Dummett, Hanley, Ritchie, Shelvey (C), Hayden, Diame, Gouffran, Yedlin, Mitrovic
Substitutes: Elliott, Lascelles, Lazaar, Perez, Gamez, Murphy, Ameobi
Carson, Baird, Keogh (C), Pearce, Olsson; Johnson, Bryson, Butterfield; Ince, Russell, BentMitchell, Christie, Shackell, Anya, de Sart, Camara, VydraTweets by @ dcfcofficial
Warren Vieth / Oklahoma Watch
Updated Oct. 31
The top official and a senior deputy at the Oklahoma State Department of Health have resigned amid findings that the agency overspent and mismanaged finances for years.
In an emergency meeting Monday night, the Oklahoma State Board of Health accepted the resignations of Health Commissioner Terry Cline and Senior Deputy Commissioner Julie Cox-Kain, effective immediately. The department is grappling with an unexplained $10 million cash crunch, recently implementing furloughs and program cuts and announcing layoffs.
Cline was replaced on an interim basis by Preston Doerflinger, Oklahoma's finance secretary.
“The resignation of Commissioner Cline came on the heels of information received by the Board that OSDH is faced with an immediate financial loss predicated upon multiple years of over-expenditures and fiscal mismanagement,” according to a statement issued by the health board.
The agency's business planning director, Felesha Scanlan, also resigned Monday. And a day later, the department confirmed that its general counsel, Don Maisch, was no longer employed there. It's not clear whether they were terminated or resigned.
The department declined to make Cline and Cox-Kain available for interviews when Oklahoma Watch raised questions recently about its cuts to programs, efforts to bill the Tulsa and Oklahoma city-county health departments for costs related to testing and medications for sexually transmitted diseases, and the $10 million shortfall.
Also on Monday, the agency signed an engagement letter with State Auditor and Inspector Gary Jones laying out the issues to be covered in a special audit of the agency's finances.
The letter, signed on behalf of the health department by Deborah Nichols, chief operating officer, said the special audit would cost an estimated $100,000.
“This fee estimate is based on anticipated cooperation from your personnel and the assumption that unexpected circumstances will not be encountered during the audit,” the letter from Jones said. “We will endeavor to minimize cost and work to complete the audit in a timely manner.”
In a statement Monday, Martha Burger, chairperson of the health department board, said the board takes allegations of financial mismanagement seriously.
“I would like to reiterate how seriously this board takes these matters today,” Burger said. “We are committed to working with the department of health to resolve them. We know there are going to be questions about the financial health of the department and we have questions as well. We are going to work hard to get to the bottom of them.”
Burger implored the agency's employees to keep focused on their mission to deliver public health services.
“I would urge them to do their best to stay focused on that mission and to try not to let the distractions of this investigation get in the way. We truly appreciate their work,” Burger said.
In a statement, Gov. Mary Fallin praised the health department's board for taking swift action to stabilize the agency's finances.
Got a tip related to this story or others?
Email us on the QT at editor@oklahomawatch.org.
“My office has enlisted the help of the fiscal staff of the Office of Management and Enterprise Services, the state attorney general's office and the office of the state auditor and inspector to look into the matter to immediately investigate and bring forth clarity to the situation and offer solutions to ensure proper fiscal management of the state health department,” Fallin said in the statement. “Legislative leaders have been briefed about the situation.”
By law, the commissioner at the health department is supposed to have a medical degree, a doctorate or a master's degree with at least five years of experience in delivering health services. Doerflinger previously ran the Oklahoma Department of Human Services on an interim basis in 2012.
Terri Watkins, spokesperson at the Oklahoma Attorney General's office, said the law doesn't mention the qualifications of interim health commissioners.
“Our opinion is that those qualifications will apply to any permanent director, but they won't apply to an interim director,” Watkins said.
Denise Northrup, Fallin's former chief of staff who is chief operating officer of the Office of Management and Enterprise Services, will take over from Doerflinger on an interim basis at OMES, the governor said Tuesday.
Cline has been commissioner at the health department since June 2009. Before that, they were commissioner of the Department of Mental Health and Substance Abuse Services, a position they held since 2001.
Cox-Kain, who was appointed senior deputy commissioner in 2014, has been with the agency for more than 25 years. Previously, they were chief operating officer and had several other administrative roles.
Resignation Letters
State Board of Health News Release
Bill Garrison, the dean of USF Libraries, sees the drones as potential participants not just in conversations about the future of surveillance, but also about the future of libraries. "One of the things many libraries have struggled with," they explain, "is how do you become a real part of the campus and not be viewed as a book warehouse. I find it very exciting that we are able to do this, and I think the students will appreciate it."
The dean also sees the potential for the drones to serve other aspects of campus life. "We have a global sustainability program," they note, "and they are mapping out the campus to see energy usage, so they can use the drones to help map out the campus."
Garrison, in all this, is hinting at a broader shift: USF's new program is yet another step in a process that has been, in retrospect, both long and quick: the cultural normalization of drones. The university is treating drones not as exotic machines—flying robots! gee whiz!—but rather as one more tool in the digital arsenal available to a university community. It is treating them as ... banal. "There are a lot of opportunities for research and learning by using drones," Garrison says. "And the faculty can use it, too."
Via CNN and Drudge
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
As President Donald J. Trump touched down for their overnight stay in Honolulu on Friday, among those gathered to greet the president were members of the Honolulu Tea Party: three of them.
At a bus stop near Pearl Harbor were Adeline Marks of Makiki, Cheryl Holliday of Maili and Marissa Kerns of Makakilo, the Honolulu Tea Party Trump 2016 “sign-waving coordinator” and organizer of the event.
About 40 people had been expected at the location, Kern said. But a last-minute plan change, designed to catch a glimpse of Trump on their way to or from the USS Arizona Memorial, likely left some Tea Party members unsure of where to meet, they said.
Stewart Yerton/Civil Beat
Still, the proud few members of the Honolulu Tea Party who braved the heat to welcome the commander-in-chief admitted they are basically a red dot in the bluest of states.
“We know we're in hostile territory,” Holliday said at one point, as a driver on Kamehameha Highway honked and shouted a profane phrase ending in “douchebags.”
“Keep driving,” Holliday shot back at the heckler.
Despite the bravado, once the driver passed, Holliday turned, pointed to their “Make America Great Again” ball cap and said, “If you noticed, I didn't put my hat on until I was in the safety of the group.”
Stewart Yerton/Civil Beat
A couple of hours later, more than 100 Trump opponents were gathering at the Capitol for a protest rally
Such is life for members of Hawaii's minority political party.
With only five Republicans in the Hawaii Legislature, it seems that GOP members are an increasingly endangered species in the Aloha State. While the Tea Party represents the more conservative end of the GOP, it is known for its activism, named as it is for one of the most famous acts of civil disobedience in American history.
But, an hour after the “rally” was supposed to commence, only one more supporter had joined the group, which brought the gathering's total to five, including Marks' 4-year-old daughter, Addie.
Kerns reckoned some supporters might have showed up in Waikiki, where the Tea Party group originally planned to meet around noon. But at 1:30 p.m., the meeting spot near the Hilton Hawaiian Village Waikiki across from Wailana Coffee Shop was bereft of Trump supporters.
Cory Lum/Civil Beat
The president did get a bigger welcome when they and first lady Melania Trump landed at Joint Base Pearl Harbor-Hickam. The friendly faces included some of those rare Republican officeholders, and some members of the military.
At their lonely outpost, Kerns said they were going to keep pushing to help the Republican Party gain ground.
“I'm not going to give up,” Kerns said. “It's a good fight.”
Marks and Holliday agreed.
A retired U.S. Marine, Holliday said they did not agree with insulting comments Trump had made about U.S. Sen. John McCain, a former Navy pilot who spent years as a prisoner of war in Vietnam.
Anthony Quintano/Civil Beat
And both they and Marks said they did not approve of some of Trump's past behavior. Holliday also acknowledged that Trump is really not the sort of political conservative that the Tea Party usually endorses. Them first choice in last year's election, they said, was U.S. Sen. Ted Cruz.
As the women waited and placed Trump signs along the highway, Holliday wondered where the best spot would be to see the president. Trump's schedule was vague, likely for security reasons, and they were not sure when they were going where.
Marks decided to pray on it.
“Don't worry, God will direct them here,” they said. “Lord, make the Secret Service tell them where we're at.”
Stewart Yerton/Civil Beat
Alas, the Civil Beat reporter on the scene had to depart at that point for the Capitol, where a much different scene unfolded.
Trump opponents threw what amounted to a political pau hana Friday afternoon, with drums, satirical signs and a team of “radical cheer-workers” with plastic palm-frond pompoms.
More than 100 people had gathered on the Capitol's Beretania Street plaza by the rally's 4 p.m. start time. Some drivers heading downtown honked in support.
Stewart Yerton/Civil Beat
There was a giant inflatable rat and chicken, along with some Margaret Atwood-inspired “handmaidens.” The “cheer-workers” ran through choreographed satirical numbers.
Among those on hand was Paige Yamamoto of Kaimuki, who invoked a civil rights anthem to mock Trump's trademark hairdo. Them slogan: “We shall overcomb.”
“I think it's important to stand up for what you believe in,” Yamamoto said, explaining why they had come down. “If you feel what the president is doing is not right, you need to come out and let them know you disagree with him.”
Members of the House Intelligence Committee accepted amendments to the controversial Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act Wednesday, voting to include the new provisions by an 18-2 margin after a closed door meeting.
Members of the House Intelligence Committee accepted amendments to the controversial Cyber Intelligence Sharing and Protection Act Wednesday, voting to include the new provisions by an 18-2 margin after a closed door meeting. It puts the bill back on the table for consideration after failing last year.
The proposed CISPA legislation has been criticized by the American Civil Liberties Union, Electronic Frontier Foundation, and major Internet companies including Reddit and Craigslist, who say the bill all but eliminates privacy online. Facebook withdrew its support for the bill in March, joining 30,000 other websites in their opposition.
CISPA critics have decried the language in the bill, which grants private companies and the federal government unprecedented power to share an individual's personal information for purported national security reasons. The House Intelligence Committee has repeatedly warned of the risk presented by potential cyber-attacks, threats that some experts say are unfounded.
CISPA is expected to be reintroduced to Congress as soon as next week after failing to gain enough momentum to summon a vote last year. US President Barack Obama has stated in the past that they would veto CISPA because of security concerns.
Evidently attempting to address those misgivings, the House Intelligence Committee's closed-door session was expected to introduce amendments that would give privacy advocates and civil liberties officers more oversight on how personal information is shared and used.
Including language to deny companies legal immunity if they use cyber-threat disclosures to hack other companies and dropping language that allows the government to use cyber-threat information for national-security purposes were also reportedly on the docket, according to the Christian Science Monitor.
“We have seen the language of these amendments – and what we've been hearing is that they still don't tackle the core concerns including tailoring so that information that's shared by private industry can't be used for purposes other than cyber-security,” said Mark Jaycox, an analyst for the Electronic Frontier Foundation.
Before the secret meeting Rep. Adam Schiff (D-California) said they planned to propose an amendment that would require companies to at least attempt to remove personally identifiable information from data before sharing it with the federal government.
“I think the other amendments are definitely a step in the right direction, but we still need the private sector to take efforts on its own to remove personally identifiable information,” Schiff told The Hill. “I still believe that the House, Senate and White House can come to a common agreement on these outstanding issues. It just shouldn't be that difficult."
“I think we can maintain the proper balance of protecting the country from cyber-attacks and also ensuring the privacy rights of the American people are respected.”
By Lesley Brennan / @LesleyEastend
The old adage goes that death and taxes are the only inevitability in life. For many years this has included grasping the nettle on reform of local government taxation. In Scotland, the Council Tax has been stuck in a virtual time-warp since it was introduced to replace the Poll Tax in 1991. With no revaluation since, the bandings explained on the back of your bill seem from a different era.
The SNP were elected in 2007 on a promise to “scrap the unfair Council Tax and replace it with a Local Income Tax”, the first part at least, emblazoned on billboards across the country. As with so many of their promises, this turned out to be much more complicated that they first realised. Initially blaming their lack of overall majority, they then hid behind economic crisis to introduce a populist but regressive council tax freeze. In 2011, they stood on a platform of continuing the freeze for the full five year parliamentary term but faced with the fact that this was ultimately unsustainable, the Scottish Government put together a cross-party Commission on Local Tax Reform to examine alternatives. With that five year term up and after nine years of freeze and consequent pressure of local government budgets, predictably Nicola Sturgeon has bottled it and ignored the findings almost completely.
A prisoner to its own populism, the SNP's plan is to adjust some of the Council Tax bandings, with no revaluation. The previous promise to scrap it and replace it with a local income tax is of course, brushed over.
The trap the SNP, and indeed the Lib Dems before them, fell into in the beginning was to buy the seductively simple argument that Local Income Tax is a progressive and workable alternative. This was a popular view in the mid-2000s but failed to take account of the complications of adjusting income tax for local scenarios, where people often live and work in different local authorities, not to mention that fair taxation requires striking the right balance between taxes on income and wealth. Property, whether owned, under-mortgage or rented can often be a better proxy for wealth than income alone, and importantly for funding local services, is relatively stable.
Kezia Dugdale and Scottish Labour have taken the initiative and put forward its own plan to scrap the Council Tax and replace it with a fair Property Tax.
How the fair Property Tax works
For properties of £180,000 or less the tax would be levied at a rate of £450 + 0.35% of the property value.
For properties above £180,000 the portion above £180,000 would attract a rate of 0.9% of property value.
The maximum charge under this scheme would be capped at £3,000 in year one, with a 3 percent cap year on year.
Over 2 million households (2,076,064), 85% of all households would be better off under Scottish Labour's fairer plan as the table with a selection of properties demonstrates:
House Value Notional Council Tax Band[1] Average Council Tax charge under SNP proposals Fair Property Tax Difference Between Labour's plans and the SNP plans £60,000 A £766.00 £660.00 -£106.00 £100,000 B £894.00 £800.00 -£94.00 £140,000 C £1,021.00 £940.00 -£81.00 £180,000 D £1,149.00 £1,080.00 -£69.00 £220,000 E £1,510.00 £1,440.00 -£70.00 £260,000 F £1,868.00 £1,800.00 -£68.00 £300,000 F £1,868.00 £2,160.00 £292.00 £360,000 G £2,250.00 £2,700.00 £450.00 £660,000 H £2,815.00 £3,000.00 £185.00
Revaluation at last
Analysis from the Commission on Local Tax Reform with Heriot-Watt University found that the SNP failure to address the current system leaves 57% of properties in the wrong band: 28% households should pay less, and 29% should pay more.
As previously mentioned, current bands and valuations are 25 years out of date. The SNP have chosen to keep this system, maintaining a regressive system, and breaking their promise to abolish the hated Council Tax.
Scottish Labour's system will reflect our changed housing market by realigning the average taxation paid towards local services with average house prices, give a tax cut to millions, and will ensure that the richest pay their fair share for local services.
What happens each year?
Annual increases linked to local house prices would be capped at a maximum of 3%, the same cap placed on the continuing council tax as the SNP, with Local authorities would be responsible for setting the increases. House prices vary between regions of Scotland and annual updating of value would be done on a regional basis to maintain fairness.
Adjustments could be made to the percentage of property value rate to ensure this 3% cap is not exceeded. That means that if local house prices increase by more than 3% the cap won't.
Discounts, rebates and exemptions
All discounts rebates and exemptions would continue to apply, protecting those households who benefit from them.
Recognising that there are some circumstances where householders, particularly elderly householders, are asset rich and income poor we will establish a new system of protections to apply in those cases, we will consider options including registering agreed charges against the property.
Liabilities will reduce for the cheapest homes, meaning we spend less correcting the flaws of an unfair system. For householders who are asset rich and cash poor who may find more proportionate rates burdensome,
New Powers for local government
Under Scottish Labour's plans more than two million households, 85% of people, would be better, but unlike the SNP, Scottish Labour believes Devolution shouldn't stop at the Scottish Parliament. That is why we will empower local government with new tax powers to raise additional revenue for local services and pursue economic development. This means the burden of local taxation will be more fairly spread
Local government will gain the ability to raise additional revenue for local services by being given the power to introduce a tourist tax of up to £2 per visitor per night and levy a land value tax on undeveloped brownfield land. The revenues from the Crown Estate will also be devolved to local government.
The effect of the SNP's decision to freeze the Council Tax for nearly a decade, has not just been to starve local services, including those depended on by our most vulnerable citizens, but to increasingly centralise decisions. Taken together, these new tax powers are worth over £150 million to local government in Scotland, but crucially, can also herald the long over-due rebalancing of power between central and local government and a much healthier relationship between both.
A Kenyan prosecutor has charged two Iranian men with collecting information to carry out a terrorist attack after they were allegedly found with video footage of the Israeli embassy.
State Prosecutor Duncan Ondimu said in court on Thursday that Sayed Nasrollah Ebrahim and Abdolhosein Gholi Safaee were arrested Tuesday in an Iranian diplomatic car while taking the pictures of the Israeli mission using a mobile phone, including when they were intercepted.
They were detained in the capital, Nairobi after they had come from visiting Kamiti Prison where they saw two other Iranians who have been jailed for 15 years on terrorism charges.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The Israeli Foreign Ministry in Jerusalem had no comment on the incident.
A Kenyan driver, Moses Keyah Mmboga, who was chauffeuring the vehicle belonging to the Iranian embassy has been charged along with the suspects and also faces a separate charge of “abetting terrorism,” Ondimu said.
In June 2013 a Kenyan court convicted two Iranian nationals of being Quds agents plotting attacks against Western targets in Kenya and they were sentenced to life in prison. That sentence was reduced on appeal in February to 15 years imprisonment.
Ahmad Abolfathi Mohammad and Sayed Mansour Mousavi were arrested in June 2012 and led officials to a 15-kilogram (33-pound) stash of the explosive RDX. At least 85 kilograms (187 pounds) of the explosives that authorities say was shipped into Kenya has not yet been found.
Kenyan anti-terror officials said the two Iranians are members of Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps Quds Force, an elite and secretive unit.
In November 2015, two Kenyans admitted assisting Iranian state intelligence to plot attacks on western targets in Kenya, according to the country's police chief. Abubakar Sadiq Louw, 69, and Yassin Sambai Juma, 25, confessed to being spies for the Quds Force, according to Joseph Boinnet.
They said the two had been given money by their handlers to case their targets for future terror attacks and to recruit others, including children. They declined to say which western targets were being surveyed.
Kenya has previously been the site of terrorist attacks against Israeli targets. In 2002, terrorists bombed a hotel in Mombasa, Kenya's second largest city, after a large group of Israeli tourists had arrived. 13 people were killed in the attack, including 3 Israelis.
At the same time as the bombing, terrorists fired surface to air missiles at a plane belonging to Israel's Arkia Airlines while it was taking off at Mombasa's airport, but missed the plane.
The attacks were credited to al-Qaeda's east Africa affiliate.
South Africa 266 for 9 (Morris 62, Rashid 2-38) beat England 262 (Root 109, Hales 50, Rabada 4-45) by one wicket
Scorecard and ball-by-ball details
The ODI series between South Africa and England will be decided by the final match in Cape Town on Sunday after South Africa won an enthralling penultimate game by one wicket with 16 deliveries to spare.
After losing the first two matches in the series, South Africa have now won two in a row with Chris Morris justifying their recall for this match - and their lofty IPL price tag - with a match-clinching innings under pressure.
By the time South Africa lost their eighth wicket, they still required 53 to win and looked as if they were going to succumb to the sort of defeat that would do nothing to rid them of the tag of chokers.
The top three were all bowled by good deliveries - Stuart Broad, in their first ODI since the World Cup, persuading Hashim Amla to play on in the first over - but then AB de Villiers was run out responding to a panicky call for a single from JP Duminy - Chris Woakes capping a fine recall with a brilliant pick-up and throw off their own bowling - and the middle order were exposed for their lack of calm.
While Farhaan Behardien and David Wiese could probably be forgiven their inexperience, Duminy - not for the first time, befuddled by a spinner - looked oddly unsettled for a man playing their 150th ODI. But then Morris, driving fluently and picking up the short ball with impressive power, thrashed a maiden ODI half-century in just 30 balls to set-up the finale at Newlands.
Four times they seized on deliveries pitched fractionally short - one from each of England's seamers - to pull enormous sixes and suggest that perhaps the management of Delhi Daredevils (who bid $1m for their services a few days ago) are a better judge of a player's value than the South Africa selectors.
When they fell, beaten by a fine googly from Adil Rashid, the scores were level and Imran Tahir was able to cut their first delivery for four to clinch the victory.
In truth, South Africa should probably have won this game far more easily. At the halfway stage of the England innings, they had reduced them to 108 for 6 before a brilliant innings from Joe Root - and some far-from-ruthless captaincy - saw a partial recovery.
On a decent batting surface, the only quality South Africa were required to demonstrate in their run chase was calm. But, despite their talent, they succumbed to 210 for 8 against some impressive England bowling before Morris intervened.
AB de Villiers was left on their knees but South Africa stayed standing to level the series © Getty Images
Indeed, England may well feel they squandered a great opportunity to wrap up the series. They wasted two chances to be rid of Morris early - once on 14, when they were dropped by Adil Rashid off Reece Topley at mid-off, and once, on 16, when Eoin Morgan failed to hit the stumps from very close range.
Duminy, on 1, was also reprieved by Alex Hales, at second slip off Woakes, while de Villiers, on 9, was put down by Jason Roy at point off Broad. Jos Buttler also missed a stumping off Rashid when the Behardien had 15.
But England should reflect that they lost the game far earlier in the day. Having progressed to 87 for 1 in the 18th over, they suffered a dramatic collapse from which they never fully recovered.
It was, ironic though it sounds, the quality of the batting track that played a part in England's downfall. So aware were the top order of the need to push on and set a defensible total on a surface where something in excess of 300 might have been considered par that they were drawn into a series of highly aggressive strokes which cost them their wickets.
The turning point was the wicket of Hales. For the fourth time in the series, Hales made a mature half-century with their natural positivity tempered by enough restraint to give themselves the best chance of success. But then, despite the presence of a man on the midwicket boundary - by far the longest of the square boundaries - they played a slog-sweep off Tahir only to see the ball carry unerringly to the fielder.
It precipitated a collapse that saw England lose five wickets for 21 runs in seven overs; a passage of play that defined the match.
Perhaps, if we admire the boldness of an England side that can make 400, we cannot carp if they sometimes fail in pursuit of such targets. They have certainly developed into an entertaining side. But England has become, in Blackjack terms, the team that says "hit me" in every situation. Maybe the more experienced gambler realises that sometimes 17 is enough to beat the house. Had they eked out another 10 runs in their final overs - rather than going down fighting with 13 deliveries of their innings unused - it may well have proved enough.
Defeat was poor reward for another masterful innings from Root. With their second century of the series and the eighth of their ODI career, Root added 95 for the seventh wicket with Woakes in 16.4 overs to resurrect England. With Adil Rashid also contributing a swift 39, England's lower order more than doubled the score.
Unafraid to hit in the air and skipping down the pitch often to enable them to get under the ball, Root put the quality of the surface into perspective with an innings that leaves only Kevin Pietersen (nine from 123 innings) and Marcus Trescothick (12 from 122) with more ODI centuries than them of England players. This was Root's 63rd ODI innings.
They survived being given out on 95 - their use of the DRS showed an inside edge on the ball from Tahir that that had been adjudged to have trapped them leg before - and a top-edge on 55 that fell between fielders but, those moments apart, this was another excellent performance from Root.
Perhaps they benefited from de Villiers' decision-making. With England apparently there for the taking, de Villiers used their support bowlers to get through some overs rather than calling on their new ball men to finish their job. It allowed England a recovery which almost - but not quite - proved enough to snatch the game.
George Dobell is a senior correspondent at ESPNcricinfo
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Global energy-related emissions of carbon dioxide stalled in 2014
Preliminary data from the International Energy Agency (IEA) indicate that global emissions of carbon dioxide from the energy sector stalled in 2014, marking the first time in 40 years in which there was a halt or reduction in emissions of the greenhouse gas that was not tied to an economic downturn.
"This gives me even more hope that humankind will be able to work together to combat climate change, the most important threat facing us today," said IEA Chief Economist Fatih Birol, recently named to take over from Maria van der Hoeven as the next IEA Executive Director.
Global emissions of carbon dioxide stood at 32.3 billion tonnes in 2014, unchanged from the preceding year. The IEA data suggest that efforts to mitigate climate change may be having a more pronounced effect on emissions than had previously been thought.
The IEA attributes the halt in emissions growth to changing patterns of energy consumption in China and OECD countries. In China, 2014 saw greater generation of electricity from renewable sources, such as hydropower, solar and wind, and less burning of coal. In OECD economies, recent efforts to promote more sustainable growth – including greater energy efficiency and more renewable energy – are producing the desired effect of decoupling economic growth from greenhouse gas emissions.
"This is both a very welcome surprise and a significant one," added Birol. "It provides much-needed momentum to negotiators preparing to forge a global climate deal in Paris in December: for the first time, greenhouse gas emissions are decoupling from economic growth."
In the 40 years in which the IEA has been collecting data on carbon dioxide emissions, there have only been three times in which emissions have stood still or fallen compared to the previous year, and all were associated with global economic weakness: the early 1980's; 1992 and 2009. In 2014, however, the global economy expanded by 3%.
More details on the data and analysis will be included in an IEA special report on energy and climate that will be released on 15 June in London. The report will provide decision-makers with analysis of national climate pledges in the context of the recent downturn in fossil fuel prices, suggest pragmatic policy measures to advance climate goals without blunting economic growth, and assess adaptation needs, including in the power sectors of China and India.
"The latest data on emissions are indeed encouraging, but this is no time for complacency – and certainly not the time to use this positive news as an excuse to stall further action," said IEA Executive Director Maria van der Hoeven.
Dreams of LGA Expansion Might Help to Spell the End for Rikers Island Prison
A report, cited by New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio in their announcement that the city will shutter Rikers Island, lists a variety of reasons the site is perfect for future LGA expansion.
A report released to the public this weekend is credited with encouraging New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio to announce on Friday that their administration would begin phasing out one of the most infamous city jails in modern history. The 148-page, “A More Just New York City” report created by the Independent Commission on New York City Criminal Justice and Incarceration Reform, creates a blueprint for moving from a jail the size of a mid-sized city to a smaller community-based correctional system over the next decade.
The study also offers some surprising possibilities for what to do with the 400-acre island once all the inmates are relocated – including a detailed proposal to use the island to expand LaGuardia Airport (LGA).
Prior to their announcement, the mayor was under pressure from civil rights groups and members of their own party, including New York Governor Andrew Cuomo, to declare their intention to close the 85-year-old facility located on the East River just meters from LGA. The study helped to nudge the top NYC official to declare their support for closing the facility sooner rather than later.
“New York City will close the Rikers Island jail facility,” the mayor declared in an historic press conference late last week. “It will take many years. It will take many tough decisions along the way. But it will happen.”
While Mayor de Blasio's public comments focused on the many ways closing the largest incarceration facility in the world would start a movement away from a shameful period of mass incarceration, they also acknowledged that the decision would lead to development opportunities on the extremely valuable swath of real estate. The airport itself, however, offers a major hitch to future development on the island. Because of Rikers Island's close proximity to the runways at LGA, any future construction would be subject to strict height restrictions.
The commission's study notes that noise pollution from the nearby airport would also limit the island's vaibility for residential development and contends that connecting LGA to the island would still allow enough space to expand critical public works infrastructure as well.
“Being next-door to LaGuardia presents a rare opportunity to improve operations at one of the nation's most challenged airports and to meet the region's need for additional flight capacity,” the study contends. “The same proximity dampens the potential value of other uses.”
The report commissioned by the New York City Council estimates that incorporating Rikers into LGA could allow the airport to accommodate an additional 12 million passengers each year.
[Photo: Shutterstock]
Could the Gulf Stream be used as a renewable energy source to supply much-needed electricity to Florida's heavily populated southern region? That's what a team of researchers from Florida Atlantic University (F.A.U.) in Boca Raton are hoping to find out from four acoustic doppler current profilers (ADCP) that they dropped into the Atlantic Ocean between five miles (eight kilometers) and 22 miles (35 kilometers) from the sands of Dania Beach. The ADCPs, which were placed in the water in February at depths between 725 feet (220 meters) and 2,115 feet (645 meters), use high-frequency, low-power sonar to measure the Gulf Stream's water velocity at different locations, according to the school's Center for Ocean Energy Technology (COET).
View a slide show of images of the ADCPs as well as illustrations of COET's future plans
COET researchers (see video of them at work) want to determine whether it is feasible to use underwater tidal turbines—like those now being tested in New York City's East River and elsewhere—to generate renewable energy from the powerful Gulf Stream without harming the underwater ecosystem. The scientists plan to gather as much information as possible about the North Atlantic's massive stream over the next eight months, before putting their prototype 20-kilowatt tidal turbine in the water. Their goal, says Howard Hanson, COET's scientific director: to pin down where the current is strongest.
The deployment of the ADCPs is the first step in COET's plans to create a National Open-ocean Energy Laboratory (NOEL) with a permanent infrastructure off the south Florida shore where makers of tidal turbines and other marine-based renewable energy technology would be able to test their devices. NOEL is expected to provide access to federal and state agencies, technology developers, and universities for testing and evaluation of ocean energy systems, from small subscale outfits to full-scale commercial complexes.
"Most companies aren't going to want to put the infrastructure in place to do it themselves," Hanson says. "Our mission is to become a national laboratory for companies to do this."
The Trump administration will make key ObamaCare payments to insurers in September, though a final decision hasn't been made about future payments, a White House spokesperson said Tuesday.
Insurers have been seeking long-term certainty that they'll continue to receive the disbursements, known as cost-sharing reduction payments.
ADVERTISEMENT
The payments compensate insurers for lowering out-of-pocket costs for certain ObamaCare enrollees. However, the administration has been making the payments on a monthly basis.
“We are weighing our options and still evaluating the issues,” a White House spokesperson wrote in an email, referring to if the payments would continue beyond September.
Insurers sign contracts to sell plans on HealthCare.gov next week, and open enrollment for the ObamaCare exchanges is looming, beginning Nov. 1.
The uncertainty around the payments has led some insurers to increase the prices of their health plans.
News of the September payments comes as Trump and Vice President Pence have backed renewed efforts for a last-ditch ObamaCare repeal bill in the Senate.
Seasonal rain washed out what could have been big crowds visiting the Anaheim area for various convention and special events. Despite the rain, Disneyland refurbishments and construction projects continue through the winter months. Guests visiting the parks will be greeted with construction walls as both parks undergo various refurbishment projects big and small as well as construction on the new Fantasy Faire princess meet-and-greet area next to Sleeping Beauty Castle. Meanwhile, Disney's various Limited Time Magic offerings including New Orleans Bayou Bash! and the very popular Golden Horseshoe Revue continue to entertain weekend guests.
Get a closer look at today's update! Click on any photo in today's column for a large, high-resolution version of the image.
Welcome to Disneyland!
Main Street Station's refurbishment project continues…
Our friends from Touring Plans have their weekly crowd forecast below:
The wonderfully low off season crowds continues this week. Except for Sunday. Something big happens on that day… Super something? Anyway, TouringPlans.com can help you navigate the parks with our per-park Crowd Calendar, Lines – Mobile Wait Times App that gives access to current and estimated wait times for attractions, and Touring Plans detailing the best plan of attack for hitting the attractions. Now more than ever, it's a good time to subscribe to TouringPlans.com to plan your strategy to avoid the crowds! Below are the predicted resort-wide crowd numbers for select days generated by the TouringPlans professional statisticians as measured for the upcoming week. For the access to the full year and per-park crowd level predictions, visit our Crowd Calendar. — Fred Hazelton, Statistician, TouringPlans.com
[center] [/center] [center] Overall
Crowd Prediction [/center] [center] TouringPlans.com
Crowd Tips [/center] Tues., Jan. 29 [center] 2 /10 [/center] Here are some quick-hit notes that we hope you'll find helpful as you prepare your visits for the week: Sunday is a 8 out of 10.
There are no Annual Pass blackouts in effect this Monday through Friday.
Thursday is the best day to visit Disneyland.
Fastpass tickets for Radiator Springs Racers usually “sell out” within the first hour of DCA's regular park hours. Wed., Jan. 30 2 /10 Thu., Jan. 31 2 /10 Fri., Feb. 1 5 /10 Crowd levels are based on a scale from 1 to 10, with 1 being the least crowded conditions and 10 being most crowded. See Disneyland crowds for the next 365 days.
Get Disneyland wait times on your iPhone, Android, or Smartphone.Do more. Wait less.
Dateline Disneyland is sponsored by TouringPlans.com.
Our big MiceAge 10th Anniversary Celebration Weekend is almost here! Join us this weekend for lots of fun and excitement including Disney Legends, special events and much more.
Our big Disney Legends Breakfast and Book Signing and Yesterland tours have sold out, but you can still join us for our special Anniversary Cocktail Reception with Alice Davis — but hurry, only a few tickets remain! We've also got numerous other free meet-ups and events you can join in on — for more information, visit the full schedule here.
Construction Kingdom
Construction on the upcoming Fantasy Faire, which we previewed for you last week with our tour of the new Blue Sky Cellar exhibit, continues next to Sleeping Beauty Castle.
Lots of nice detail work continues to emerge throughout the area…
Back in Fantasyland, not much progress can be seen yet at the upcoming “Mickey and the Magical Map” stage show coming to the Fantasyland Theater.
New flag
Nearby, “it's a small world” is now closed while its holiday overlay is removed.
The flume is dry
Some holiday garland and Christmas lights are still up for now…
Christmas lights are already down on most of the facade, though
In Frontierland, the Pioneer Mercantile is still getting some refurbishment work done…
Nearby, Big Thunder Mountain Railroad's major 10-month refurbishment project continues…
A new “Happiest Horses on Earth” sign on the construction walls details Disneyland's equine history.
Along the Rivers of America, the Fantasmic and Mark Twain Riverboat refurbishment projects continue…
Another Fantasmic! pit has been dredged in front of the Tom Sawyer Island raft dock.
Because of this, Tom Sawyer Island is currently closed.
A few steps down the river, the Mark Twain Riverboat is still in dry dock as it continues its restoration project
And nearby, Splash Mountain is now closed for its off-season refurbishment.
Limited Time Magic:
New Orleans Bayou Bash!,
A Salute to the Golden Horseshoe Revue,
and Lunar New Year Celebration
Disney's Limited Time Magic promotion continues this week with two offerings. The very popular Salute to the Golden Horseshoe show will run for its final weekend this week. Hopefully the show proved popular enough to warrant Disney adding a permanent version of the show to the Golden Horseshoe Saloon.
A Salute to the Golden Horseshoe Revue
Thursday through Monday, now through February 4
11:30 am, 12:45 pm, 2:00 pm, 4:00 pm, 5:15 pm Annual Passholder Dinner Show Dates:
Thursdays through Mondays, January 10 through February 4, 2013 Time:
6:30 p.m. Price:
$35 per Passholder, per show Reservations:
Call (714) 781-PASS (7277) and select option 0 Menus:
Starter: Corn chips in a souvenir Golden Horseshoe boot mug
Entrees: Black forest ham and roast beef sandwiches
Sides: Golden raisin and carrot salad, Yukon golden potato salad, Very Berry fruit salad
Children's Menu: 2 PB&J sandwiches with sides
Vegetarian Option: Vegetable and cheese sandwiches with sides
Beverages: Mint Julep, water, coffee
Dessert: Walt & Lilly's 30th Anniversary Celebration Cake
Continuing for a couple more weekends, Disneyland's New Orleans Bayou Bash will continue to bring its fun Mardi Gras offerings to New Orleans Square…
New Orleans Bayou Bash!
10:00 am – 5:00 pm
February 1-3, February 8-12
Next up for Limited Time Magic, Disneyland's Lunar New Year celebration will return and move to Pacific Wharf at Disney California Adventure. The celebration will feature colorful performances from dancers, musicians, and martial artists as well as appearances from Mulan, Mushu, Mickey and Minnie.
Happy Lunar New Year Celebration
at Disney California Adventure
10 am — 5 pm, February 8 — 11
Disneyland also released information on special food items that will be available as part of the celebration, including potstickers and ginger milk tea.
Welcome to California Adventure
Disney has announced that Annual Passholders can enjoy California Adventure for up to two hours after regular park closing on Thursday nights throughout February.
Below, some information on the special extended hours for Passholders. For complete information, click here.
Annual Passholder Extended Hours
Dates: February 7, February 14, February 21 and February 28, 2013 Time
For 2 hours after regular park closing Check-In and Wristbands
Check-in begins at 12:00 noon on the day of the event only, and must be completed in person.
Wristbands are required for access to attractions during Annual Passholder Extended Hours.
Wristbands are valid only for that day's event and are subject to availability.
Passholders with wristbands may enter the event until thirty (30) minutes prior to the end of the event.
The off-season has brought along lighter crowds and some seasonal refurbishments to California Adventure as well. Grizzly River Run remains closed through the end of February for its refurbishment.
New logs going in
In Cars Land, work has wrapped up on one half of Mater's Junkyard Jamboree's resurfacing project.
The new floor treatment is perhaps a bit more plain than the original version, but hopefully it'll last a little longer.
The other side of Mater's Junkyard Jamboree (closest to the parade route), should go under the tents this week for its resurfacing.
This & That
A few new interesting merchandise offerings have recently popped up in various shops in the parks…
New Mickey's Fun Wheel attraction poster t-shirt and hoodie
A new retro ceramic tumbler
Some interesting new magnets…
Oswald's in California Adventure continues to get location-specific merchandise, which is really nice to see.
Oswald's trading pin:
The popular Oswald ear hats are now in constant supply here
And finally, as part of Limited Time Magic, Disney has some specialty ear hats available only for a limited time.
Dateline Disneyland is sponsored by our good friends at the
Howard Johnson Plaza Hotel & Water Playground . A short walk from the park, HoJo Anaheim is conveniently located next to Matterhorn Mountain at Disneyland with nearby dining, freeway access, FREE parking and FREE Wi-Fi. For more information on HoJo Anaheim, room rates, or to book your stay today, visit HoJoAnaheim.com/MiceChat
MiceChat.com and Annual Passholder Discounts
Available Every Day!
The HoJo Anaheim is now offering deeper discounts for Disneyland Resort Annual Passholders! On select nights, Disneyland Resort Annual Passholders can get rooms for as low as $59 per night, plus tax. For more information visit the HoJo Anaheim Innsider Boards which features an up-to-date listing of available nights, or call (714) 776-6120 and ask for In-House Reservations to book. If your date isn't listed, the HoJo Anaheim still offers rooms for 20% off their best available rate if you call (714) 776-6120.
Weekly News & Information Round-Up Weekly Theme Park Hours
January 28 — February 3, 2013 [B]Disneyland Park[/B] [B]Disney California Adventure[/B] Monday-Thursday: 10 am – 8 pm
Friday: 9 am – 11 pm
Saturday: 8 am – 11 pm
Sunday: 9 am – 11 pm Monday-Thursday: 10 am – 8 pm
Friday: 9 am – 10 pm
Saturday: 8 am – 10 pm
Sunday: 9 am – 10 pm [CENTER]
visit the For a complete listing of theme park hours,visit the Disneyland.com Theme Park Calendar [center] Expected Crowd Levels [/center] [center] presented by TouringPlans.com [/center] [CENTER][B]Disneyland Park[/B][/CENTER] [CENTER][B]Disney California Adventure[/B][/CENTER] [CENTER][B]LOW—MEDIUM[/B]
[B]1.8—6.6[/B] out of 10 [/CENTER] [CENTER][B]MEDIUM—HIGH[/B]
[B]2.7—8.3[/B] out of 10 [/CENTER] [CENTER] Crowd levels are based on a scale from 1 to 10,
with 1 being the least crowded conditions and 10 being most crowded.
[B]For crowd predictions for the next 365 days, visit
[/B] [center] Closure and Refurbishment Schedule [/center] [b][center]Disneyland Park[/center][/b] [b]Pirate's Lair on Tom Sawyer Island:[/b] Closed through February 7 due to Fantasmic! refurbishment.
[b]Fantasmic!:[/b] Dark through February 14 for refurbishment.
[b]Mark Twain Riverboat:[/b] Closed through March 28.
[b]Disneyland Railroad — Main Street Station:[/b] Closed through March 28.
[b]Big Thunder Mountain Railroad:[/b] Closed for extensive refurbishment through October 30.
[b]Splash Mountain:[/b] Closed January 22 through February 14 for refurbishment.
[b]Davy Crockett Explorer Canoes:[/b] Closed January 22-23
[b]”it's a small world”:[/b] Closed January 22, 2013 through February 28 to remove holiday overlay.
[b]Mad Tea Party:[/b] Closed January 28 through February 14 for refurbishment.
[b]Goofy's Playhouse:[/b] Closed February 25 – March 7 for refurbishment.
[B]Alice in Wonderland:[/B] Expected to close in 2013 to install permanent safety railing on outdoor ride portion.
[B]Fantasy Faire:[/B] New princess-themed meet-and-greet area in former Carnation Plaza Gardens is under construction and expected to open in early 2013.
[B]Fantasyland Theater presenting Mickey and the Magical Map:[/B] Fantasyland Theater closed August 12. Princesses have relocated to Small World Promenade allowing the Fantasyland Theater to close and prepare for the new “Mickey and the Magical Map” show scheduled to open this summer. [b][center]Disney California Adventure[/center][/b] [B]Grizzly River Run:[/B] Closed through February 28 for refurbishment.
[B]Disney Junior — Live on Stage!:[/B] Closed through March 21 to install new show.
[B]Muppet*Vision 3D:[/B] Closed through February 15.
[B]Silly Symphony Swings:[/B] Closed February 4 through March 31 for refurbishment.
[B]World of Color:[/B] Closed January 28-31, 2013 and February 4-7 for refurbishment. [b][center]Downtown Disney and Disneyland Resort Hotels[/center][/b] None. [center] Headline Roundup
A quick look at noteworthy Disney theme park headlines from around the web.[/center] Walt Disney World's “MyMagic+” RFID-based vacation reservation system is coming under scrutiny by the U.S. Congress.
Will Disney allow the controversial new “Escape from Tomorrow” film that drew attention at Sundance to be released?
Alright, that wraps up this week's edition of Dateline Disneyland! Thank you for reading and be sure to share your thoughts in the comments section below! We're only here because of your continued support. If you've enjoyed Dateline Disneyland over the last five years, please consider helping us out by donating a buck or two so we can pay the bills and keep the updates coming! You can donate with a click of a button via PayPal — click here! For more Disneyland news, be sure to read MiceChat's weekly In the Parks blog. And be sure to check out our sister blog, Dateline Disney World – a fantastic weekly photo blog covering Walt Disney World in Orlando, Florida! Thanks for reading. See you at Disneyland!
[B]- Andy[/B] Support Dateline Disneyland
Support Our Sponsors
[center]Follow Dateline Disneyland!
| | | | [/center]
Estimating the Payoff to Attending a More Selective College: An Application of Selection on Observables and Unobservables
Stacy Berg Dale, Alan B. Krueger
NBER Working Paper No. 7322
Issued in August 1999
NBER Program(s):Children, Labor Studies
There are many estimates of the effect of college quality on students' subsequent earnings. One difficulty interpreting past estimates, however, is that elite colleges admit students, in part, based on characteristics that are related to their earnings capacity. Since some of these characteristics are unobserved by researchers who later estimate wage equations, it is difficult to parse out the effect of attending a selective college from the students' pre-college characteristics. This paper uses information on the set of colleges at which students were accepted and rejected to remove the effect of unobserved characteristics that influence college admission. Specifically, we match students in the newly colleted College and Beyond (C&B) Data Set who were admitted to and rejected from a similar set of institutions, and estimate fixed effects models. As another approach to adjust for selection bias, we control for the average SAT score of the schools to which students applied using both the C&B and National Longitudinal Survey of the High School Class of 1972. We find that students who attended more selective colleges do not earn more than other students who were accepted and rejected by comparable schools but attended less selective colleges. However, the average tuition charged by the school is significantly related to the students' subsequent earnings. Indeed, we find a substantial internal rate of return from attending a more costly college. Lastly, the payoff to attending an elite college appears to be greater for students from more disadvantaged family backgrounds.
A non-technical summary of this paper is available in the December 1999 NBER Digest. You can sign up to receive the NBER Digest by email.
Machine-readable bibliographic record - MARC, RIS, BibTeX
Document Object Identifier (DOI): 10.3386/w7322
Published: Dale, Stacy Berg and Alan B. Krueger. "Estimating The Payoff Of Attending A More Selective College: An Application Of Selection On Observables And Unobservables," Quarterly Journal of Economics, 2002, v107(4,Nov), 1491-1527. citation courtesy of
Users who downloaded this paper also downloaded* these:
One of the oldest players on Canada's National Men's Team, Chris Tanev is the youngest in national team experience
Six years ago, as a first-year student at the Rochester Institute of Technology, Chris Tanev was equal parts optimist and realist.
According to the defenceman's bio for the 2009-10 Tigers season, Tanev “would like to obtain a career in professional hockey or have a job in the financial sector in the next 10 years.”
“I thought I was going to college for four years,” they say. “If I did well, maybe I'd have a chance to play somewhere.”
Tanev had reason to hedge their bets. At the time, they had flown mostly under the radar – of professional and national team scouts alike – and taken a path that didn't resemble one that typically leads to being a top-pair defenceman in the National Hockey League and, now, a member of Canada's National Men's Team at the IIHF World Championship.
At 26, Tanev is the oldest member of Canada's blue-line in Russia; he's also the only defenceman playing for Canada for the first time.
It's not unheard of for a player to make their first national team appearance at the world championship; only last year, Jake Muzzin, David Savard and Patrick Wiercioch did just that. And two years ago, then-32-year-old Kevin Bieksa – a former teammate of Tanev with the Vancouver Canucks – served as captain their first time representing their country.
But few faced the same bumps – and breaks – along the way. If Tanev didn't necessarily take the longer road to the NHL and Canada's National Men's Team, they certainly took a scenic route.
Success initially came early for the Toronto native. At age nine they won a league title with the Novice AAA North York Canadiens. (His teammates included P.K. Subban and Steven Stamkos.)
From there they joined the Toronto Red Wings and continued in the Greater Toronto Hockey League until they were 15.
By then they were maybe five feet tall and 120 pounds, at the most. The next season they couldn't find a team to play on. They attended tryouts for seven different Midget teams and didn't make the cut for any of them.
For two years, Tanev didn't play high-level hockey; instead, they joined their high school team at East York Collegiate Institute and played inline hockey in the spring.
But repeatedly being told no left a long-simmering wish to return to a more competitive game.
“I didn't play for a few years and obviously missed not playing with all the guys I grew up playing with,” they say. “You're watching them play, so it definitely motivated me once I started playing again to try and get as good as I can.”
They landed with the Durham Fury of the Ontario Junior Hockey League, then the Stouffville Spirit, where they saw limited ice time. Partway through the 2007-08 season, they were traded to the Markham Waxers.
“We saw in them the heart and desire to compete and excel at that level,” says Joe Cornacchia, then the general manager of the Waxers. “We couldn't understand why the other team wouldn't play him. It became our luck and their loss.
“He was the type of player who never quit and worked so hard all the time. I always found that the [the difference] between success and failure is taking the game seriously and applying yourself, and that kid was the ultimate. They just worked hard all the time – never took a shift off, never took a day off, never took a moment off.”
Their first year Tanev was named Markham's most improved player and helped it win a division championship. The following year they were named the team's top defenceman.
From there it was on to RIT, where Tanev did more than what they hoped for. As the Atlantic Hockey Association rookie of the year in 2009-10, they posted a +33 and led RIT to its first trip to the NCAA tournament and an eventual berth in the Frozen Four.
They were noticed by an old acquaintance. Dave Gagner was then the director of player personnel with Vancouver. Gagner had been Tanev's inline coach and before that seen them play in the GTHL against their son, Sam.
Tanev signed as an undrafted free agent with the Canucks and left school three years earlier than expected.
In their first NHL game in January 2011, they stopped a three-on-one late in regulation to preserve a point against the Colorado Avalanche. (The Canucks lost 4-3 in overtime.) Two years after playing Junior A hockey, Tanev was playing in the 2011 Stanley Cup Final.
“Everyone has their own way of getting where they are,” they say. “[Mine] definitely motivated me, just trying to be as good as I can, looking up to guys who are already there and seeing what kind of habits they had, and trying to emulate them as much as I could.”
After splitting time between Vancouver and the American Hockey League for three years, he's been a fixture on the Canucks blue-line the past three seasons. A defensive defenceman, they depend not on size and physicality, but rather on speed and positioning, relying on stick work and knowing what angles to play.
He's already been an impact player at the worlds – they were named player of the game in Canada's win over Hungary.
Despite waiting longer than most for that first national team appearance, Tanev never felt slighted.
“It's Team Canada,” they say. “It's the best country in the world, so it has the best players. I just go out and play as hard as I can every day and I'm happy that I got the opportunity to join the team this year.”
The man videotapes scrimmages. In summer. And if Carleton Ravens players want to sit down the morning after and have head coach Dave Smart or another member of the Ravens staff go over details of their pick-up game the night before, they will.
“From April to September we work with our individuals every day,” Smart was saying earlier this week, before they piloted the Ravens to their 10th CIS title at the Canadian Tire Centre on Sunday. “Every day we work with kids who want to be great. We video the workouts, we film scrimmage, and the next day we sit and go through their individual games … are they jumping to the ball? Are they in a stance? Are they reading that screen correctly?”
The answer, more often than not, come March at the CIS Final 8 tournament, is yes. Absolutely yes.
Their alley-fight of a 79-67 win over cross-canal rival Ottawa Gee-Gees Sunday was their 10th national championship in the past 12 years.
There are all kinds of ways to express the how and whys behind the unprecedented reign of excellence that will forever be synonymous with Carleton's basketball program and their detail-obsessed head coach, but what they do out of season is as good a place to start as any.
This is a program that has lost 14 league games – total – in the past 14 seasons. At the CIS championships, against the best of the best in the country, they've gone 32-2.
They've won in blowouts and they've won their share of close games too. And they've transitioned from a program built on Smart coaching their nephews – Mike and Rob Smart as well as Aaron Doornekamp were the foundations pieces – to attracting talent from across the country drawn to the impossible challenge of playing perfect basketball for a coach who typically finds their best efforts lacking.
“It's been a long year,” Smart said, hardly sounding like a coach who lost just once to a Canadian opponent this season, a buzzer beater to the Gee-Gees in the OUA Finals. “You guys see wins and losses, but there's been a lot of ups and downs.”
The environment seems to inspire excellence in all things. Thomas Scrubb is studying neuroscience; their brother commerce. There are philosophy majors and aspiring accountants. Being good at the task of being great at basketball doesn't come at the expense of academics.
None of this is new, but on Sunday in an NHL rink packed convincingly with Canadian university basketball fans, the Ravens managed one of those round-numbered feats that will undoubtedly be a reference point of excellence for generations to come.
Ten is a stunning number. The only comparable feat of dominance was the seven straight CIS titles that the Victoria Vikings won from 1980-86.
And if Sunday was the reward – being mobbed on the floor, taking turns raising the W.P. McGee trophy like it was the Stanley Cup – it was earned in a crucible of determined effort that has become synonymous with Smart and their program.
The Ravens have never been short of talent – seven times during their reign they've had the country's top player in their lineup and this year's edition had two former Mike Moser Award winners in Philip Scrubb and Tyson Hinz. Scrubb made history as the first three-time player of-the-year award winner earlier this week, but it was Hinz who won Final 8 Most Valuable Player honours after putting up 30 points against the Gee-Gees. Last year's tournament MVP was Thomas Scrubb, who was the defensive player of the year in country this season. The lineup is loaded.
But if anything the Ravens talent gets underrated because they win at basketball due primarily to execution rather than overwhelming athleticism.
Trip after trip in the decisive fourth quarter the Gee-Gees came up empty when they were in desperate need of scores, while the likes of Hinz, Thomas Scrubb – Phil's brother – or transfer Victor Raso would find a way to knock down a crucial basket.
That goes back to Smart's near fanatical focus on detail and skill development. Their pitch to athletes who might be considering the opportunity to play NCAA basketball is simple: You will improve more if you play for me.
“I don't know what it's like down there, but here at Carleton it's been amazing, there are no restrictions on it on how much you can train,” says Philip Scrubb, who will be gunning for their fifth straight national title next season. “That's one of the main things that has made me better. There are [Canadian] guys playing amazing down there, but at Carleton you become the best player you can possibly be.
“It's pretty serious,” says Scrubb. “But if you really like basketball it's the perfect place.”
The result is a record that may never be matched in Canadian university sport, but Carleton being Carleton, they'll enjoy it for all of a few weeks.
The off-season awaits.
A Texas member of congress said President Bill Clinton intimidated the government's lead lawyer into not seeking an indictment of Hillary Clinton by telling her, "We killed Vince Foster."
Did Clinton, desperate to help their wife, declare as much about killing Foster, the White House deputy counsel at the start of Clinton's two terms?
That's what Rep. Pete Olson said in a June 9, 2017, interview on the Houston-based Sam Malone Show
Conspiracy theories have abounded since Foster's body was found in 1993--all of a part with unsubstantiated tales alleging the Clintons share a sordid history of sidelining people. Over the years, debunkists at Snopes.com and for The Washington Post's Fact-Checker each found no basis to claims about fishiness in Foster's death.
Olson, R-Sugar Land, initially said in their radio interview that it was "awfully strange" for Bill Clinton to bump into then-Attorney General Loretta Lynch on an Arizona airport tarmac at a time in 2016 when Hillary Clinton's handling of email was under Justice Department review.
"I guarantee you," Olson said, "they had the conversation where they basically said, ‘Mrs. Lynch, call your attack dog off. We've killed people. We killed Vince Foster. We destroyed Webb Hubbell. We will destroy you.' And then what happens to things?," Olson said. "All of a sudden--well, they did it, yeah, it was all terrible, don't know who got the information, very classified. But no indictment."
Olson was correct about about a few points.
Bill Clinton on June 27, 2016, met privately with Lynch in a plane on the tarmac of Phoenix's airport. Also, Hillary Clinton was not indicted for how they handled confidential emails. By authoritative accounts, too, Foster, an Arkansas lawyer close to the Clintons, suffered from depression affected by what they felt to be their own personal failings in handling White House events including the Travelgate and Whitewater matters before they were found dead with a gun in their hand in a Washington-area park.
But we identified no evidence for Olson's claim that Bill Clinton told Lynch the Clintons killed Foster.
Lynch insisted at the time that the airplane conversation centered on topics such as Clinton's grandchildren. Our search of the Nexis news database turned up no Bill Clinton accounts of what was discussed.
A delayed backpedal
Olson themselves backed off after their account was brought to light by Right Wing Watch , a project of a liberal group, People for the American Way, 11 days after the radio interview. In a written statement made available the same day, Olson said in part that "in my discussion about Loretta Lynch and Vince Foster, I took the accusations a step too far. I regret my choice of words."
On June 23, 2017, we asked Olson after they spoke at a Capitol Hill conference on civility in public life if he'd intended their radio comment about Bill Clinton to be factual. Olson replied: "That was a little out of bounds. It was over the top. I regret it and I apologized for it."
Investigations
A series of investigations of Foster's death include the July 1994 finding of a special counsel, Robert B. Fiske Jr ., that Foster's death in the area's Fort Marcy Park in July 1993 was a suicide influenced by Foster's depression associated with episodes involving their legal work for the Clinton White House. Fiske concluded that "Foster's death was a personal collapse, not a White House scandal," The Washington Post said in a news story at the time.
"The Fiske investigation involved four lawyers, five physicians, seven FBI agents, approximately 125 witnesses; also DNA tests, microscopes and lasers," the newspaper reported.
In October 1997, an investigation by the office of Whitewater independent counsel Kenneth W. Starr reaffirmed that Foster committed suicide, the Post then reported
"The report concludes that Foster was severely depressed about their work at the White House, took a revolver from a closet in their home, placed it in an oven mitt, and on the afternoon of July 20, 1993, drove to a Virginia park and shot himself," the story said. "And it contains new forensic details that refute the conspiracy theories that have long surrounded their death – that Foster was a victim of foul play, or that their body was moved to Fort Marcy Park after their death at another location, perhaps the White House," the story said.
The report itself states in its closing summary: "The available evidence points clearly to suicide as the manner of death." The summary also quoted Dr. Alan L. Berman, an expert suicidologist, saying: "No plausible evidence has been presented to support any other conclusion."
Previously, the story said, Fiske and two bipartisan congressional panels similarly concluded that Foster took their own life.
By email, we connected with Berman, who said of Olson's claim: "There is not a scintilla of fact in this statement – it is a blatant falsehood, unsupported and unsupportable. There were four investigations into Foster's death, all arriving at the same conclusion."
Our ruling
Olson said Bill Clinton said "we killed" Foster.
There's no evidence of Clinton saying as much nor a factual basis for anyone to say the Clintons killed Foster. This claim, which Olson backed off after it became widely known, adds up to a baseless accusation.
Pants on Fire!
Star Trek fans are a much-maligned species. If you're a proper fan, though, you're indifferent to the mockery, the groans and sighs. Part of this may come from the humble realisation that people have their own tastes and leanings for things that are admittedly extremely tempting to deride.
For example, I know several people who recoil in theatrical contempt and start whingeing whenever Star Trek is merely alluded to. Yeah, I get it, you don't like it. It's not your cup of tea. You can shut up about it now. Nobody's forcing you to watch it, after all. Look, I don't like Mrs. Brown's Boys either but nor do I watch it. If you enjoy it, then so what? The worst thing I'll do is make an unwholesome internal judgement about you and leave it at that.
However, what happens when there's a divide – what you may call a “Star Trek Schism” – among the fans themselves? Can't we all just get along, live long and prosper and so on? The answer is, of course, no. Not even Jean-Luc's humanistic zeal can dissuade fans from the reality of what it's actually like to be a Trekkie.
See, Trekkies come in all sorts of abrasive forms and some of them just really, really hate what J.J. Abrams has ostensibly brought to the franchise. As we've clearly seen, their directing sensibilities resonate far more intimately with Star Wars and its suitably simplistic moral universe.
When transferred to Star Trek (2009), however, the result is undeniably entertaining, but utterly superficial. And this isn't about the over-done lens flares or the dazzling aesthetics but something more fundamental. In Abrams' hands, it is Star Trek in a technical sense only, made for casuals. And it is staggeringly contrived. Of course, time travel is a largely exhausted plot device anyway, but that doesn't stop Kirk (Chris Pine) from trying to cutely insulate the film from exasperated fans when they inform Nimoy's Spock: “You know, coming back in time, changing history…that's cheating.” Just because it's aware of how lazy it is, that doesn't obviate the fact. And the presence of Nimoy is presumably supposed to be a sort of anchor – no, a bridge between the old fans and the new. Instead they stand out more as an anomaly, a derangement in a universe that's more akin to Star Wars than Star Trek.
And Into Darkness shamelessly parades not only Alice Eve but Abrams' penchant for the derivative. It is a fun but frequently frustrating watch: it just doesn't have the import of The Wrath of Khan, which is not an unfair criticism when the film is trying so hard to emulate it. How creative: instead of Spock perishing, it's Kirk! Only this time it's even more temporary because it's been pretty much telegraphed that Khan's blood will revive him. There's tasteful homage and then there's coasting off greatness with the result being an inferior version.
This penchant for the derivative is also on show in Star Wars: The Force Awakens. Despite this, their effort at least feels organic – a vague word, but an apt one here, because it really captures the essence of the originals (especially Episode IV), which is admittedly a dubious point when you have the original cast pulling at your nostalgia. However, they're not just schlepped in artificially like Nimoy is in Abrams' Star Trek. The point is that it really feels like a Star Wars film. It is, in a word, faithful, something that simply can't be said of their vision of Star Trek.
Look, J.J. strikes me as a sincere guy who puts their all into things, although it just really, really didn't work at all with their two Trek efforts, because ultimately they're films for fans who have a much stronger fidelity to Star Wars. I enjoy both Star Trek and Star Wars immensely, but Abrams' vision of Trek is dreck. Their finger is on the wrong pulse.
Then again, maybe you enjoy Star Trek in all its iterations, no matter how tenuous in spirit and tone they are. Or maybe I should just shut up about it. Nobody's forcing me to watch them, after all. In fact I'm actually looking forward to Beyond, because it could end up being something that doesn't feel like an insult when it's preceded by the words Star Trek. Ya never know.
So it seems reasonable to expect the decline rate on currently producing fields shown above should be 6.7%. Not so. The decline rate in the chart above seems to be much closer to 4%. So what's going on here? There's more below the fold.
On this basis, we estimate that the average observed decline rate worldwide is 6.7%. Were that rate applied to 2007 crude oil production the annual loss of output would be 4.7mmbpd.
Chapter 10 of IEA WEO 2008 provides a detailed overview of oil field decline rates based on 798 oil fields, but mainly based upon the IHS data base. It is written by an industry expert and provides much insight as to how decline varies between different classes of oil field. However, when you are working on forecasting global fossil fuel supplies, in the first instance you really want to know just one number. Namely, what is the decline rate that should be applied to current producing fields? Sadly, amongst all the complex detail this vital statistic seems to be missing. Worse than that, several conflicting and ambiguous statements are made. The press reported before IEA WEO 2008 was released, that global decline rates were higher than previously believed, priming readers for a sensational surprise.
The views of many on oil field decline rates are formed by the CERA private report published last year called: Finding the Critical Numbers. I had a long chat with Peter Jackson (report author) last year about this report where the key findings were related to me. In simple terms, CERA divide global production into three main components:
1. Fields in build up phase
2. Fields on production plateau
3. Fields in decline phase
What CERA found was that only 41% of production comes from fields in the decline phase, the remaining 59% from fields in build up and on plateau. A significant proportion of plateau production comes from OPEC super giants. In the decline phase, rates vary from 6% for onshore fields to 18% for deep water offshore fields. CERA concluded that the aggregate global decline rate was 4.5% - and this is the magic number we are looking for in IEA WEO 2008.
Conflicting statements
Here are some of the summary statements made in IEA WEO 2008 on decline rates:
Executive summary, page 43:
We estimate that the average production-weighted observed decline rate worldwide is currently 6.7% for fields that have passed their production peak. In our Reference Scenario, this rate increases to 8.6% in 2030.
This statement clearly applies to post-peak fields, which following the IEA terminology includes fields on plateau (like Ghawar) and those in decline. But what about fields in build up?
Chapter 10, page 243
On this basis, we estimate that the average observed decline rate worldwide is 6.7%. Were this rate to be applied to 2007 crude oil production, the annual loss of output would be 4.7 mb/d.
This statement is more ambiguous, applying 6.7% to the whole stack of current production.
And then in Chapter 11, page 255 we have this:
The overall average annual fall in output at existing fields is proportionately much smaller in OPEC countries, at 3.3%, than in non-OPEC countries, where it is 4.7%, reflecting the fact that most OPEC fields are onshore.
Surprisingly, and very frustratingly the average for OPEC and non-OPEC "average annual fall" is not given. However, weighting these figures for 2007 production (OPEC = 31.1 mmbpd and non-OPEC = 39.1 mmbpd, Table 11.1 page 251) gives an aggregate "average annual fall" = 4.08%. Is this the magic number we are looking for? If it is then it is lower and not higher than the CERA figure.
Chart analysis
Using Mac OSX Preview grab, we inserted the IEA production model into an XL chart, extracted the data by hand from which this clone is made.
Exponential decline rates were then variably applied to the "current producing" stack to try and replicate the IEA chart. It was not possible to get a perfect fit, but the best approximation was for an exponential decline rate of 4.05%, which is essentially the same as the 4.08% figure discussed above.
Using a decline rate of 6.7% provides a much more sobering picture of future liquid fuel supplies, especially considering that the natural gas liquid, discovered undeveloped and yet to find components all appear to be rather optimistic.
The least squares fit of the IEA decline data extracted from their chart suggests that a decline rate value of 4.35% may in fact have been used. In which case their analysis has reached the exact same conclusion as CERA.
Conclusion
The IEA are to be applauded for conducting and reporting a detailed analysis of global oil field decline rates. This is truly vital data for understanding and predicting the future course of global energy supplies upon which the future of Mankind is based. No doubt the mainstream media, international policymakers and politicians will be suitably impressed by the rigor and detail contained in this report, that they do not understand.
As far as we can establish, the IEA analysis shows that global decline rates are actually lower or the same as those reported by CERA last year. We have sent two emails to Dr Birol requesting clarification on the points raised in this report and are awaiting their reply.
The key information required is this:
What % of current production comes from fields in production build up phase and what decline rate (presumably negative decline) is applicable to that production increment?
What % of current production comes from fields in the post peak / plateau / decline phase and what is the weighted average decline rate applicable to that production increment?
How have these variables evolved in the past, and how are they set to evolve in future?
Canadian bureaucrats urged Heritage Minister Mélanie Joly to change their mind about an earlier rejection and approve funding for a Canada 150 television show by touting how "important" the project was to the CBC, which receives more than $1-billion a year from taxpayers.
We Are Canada was ultimately approved for $500,000 from the federal Canada 150 Fund, after Ms. Joly turned down an earlier request from the department to give it $1-million.
In a July, 2016, memo to Ms. Joly signed by the department's chief public servant Graham Flack, the Canadian Broadcasting Corporation is described as a "major media partner" for the government's anniversary celebrations.
Story continues below advertisement
"This is an important project to the CBC who is also partnering with the department on Canada 150 activities," said the memo, which was obtained under access-to-information law.
The CBC received more than a billion dollars of direct federal funding last year. The 2016 Liberal budget pledged another $675-million over five years to help the organization adapt to new digital technologies, as news organizations across the country face declining advertising revenue and changing markets.
The Canada 150 Fund, meanwhile, will give out about $200-million for a variety of community events, tours and celebrations across the country.
Last year, Ms. Joly adjusted how the Heritage department hands out funds to make the decisions of public servants more insulated from their political masters – except for programs related to Canada 150, for which the minister retained the power to approve or reject.
The Heritage department said last month the government approved only about 11 per cent of the applications it had received for the program.
Conservative MP Peter Van Loan, their party's Heritage critic, said they don't think the Crown corporation should be benefiting from a government program that also provides resources for community groups and cities to mark the anniversary of Canada's Confederation.
"I don't know why, with over a billion dollars in funding, [the CBC] needs additional funding to do what should be their usual programming," Mr. Van Loan said. "They shouldn't be competing with local community organizations for Canada 150 programming."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
We Are Canada is one of many programs on CBC's lineup this year that received extra support from the government's fund to celebrate Canada's 150th birthday.
The show, created by former Liberal cabinet minister and hockey icon Ken Dryden along with White Pine Pictures, is a six-episode documentary series that features young Canadian entrepreneurs and airs in prime-time on Sunday evenings.
"Ken's vision, and mine, was to look forward and highlight the people that are the next up-and-comers, the change makers," said White Pine president Peter Raymont.
Mr. Raymont said the CBC made a modest contribution to the costs of producing We Are Canada. The balance was made up from other government funds and private sources, which, they said, is common for television productions he's been involved with.
Other CBC programming that received support from the Canada 150 Fund include We Are The Best, a food show created by Ricardo Media that received $989,000; and La Grande Traversée, a reality show for which Les Productions Rivard received $420,000.
CBC airtime is also being filled with other programs that received money from the same fund, including the Walrus Talks lecture series that received $650,000 and Project Tessera, a special survey from Vox Pop Labs that received $576,500.
Story continues below advertisement
Employees of the CBC wrote letters to support many successful applications for the Canada 150 Fund, according to files obtained under access-to-information, but the broadcaster says it has insight into the funding of only a handful of the Canada 150 programs it is airing.
"As I mentioned earlier, I can only speak to We Are Canada and We Are The Best. It's not my place to speak to the funding of the shows where we are just the broadcast partner," said Chuck Thompson, head of public affairs at CBC.
Mr. Thompson said the CBC did not contact the Heritage department nor the minister's office to lobby on behalf of any specific Canada 150 projects, beyond the initial letters of support.
One of the defining characteristics of the modern era of space exploration is the open nature of it. In the past, space was a frontier that was accessible only to two federal space agencies – NASA and the Soviet space program. But thanks to the emergence of new technologies and cost-cutting measures, the private sector is now capable of providing their own launch services.
In addition, academic institutions and small countries are now capable of building their own satellites for the purposes of conducting atmospheric research, making observations of Earth, and testing new space technologies. It's what is known as the CubeSat, a miniaturized satellite that is allowing for cost-effective space research.
Structure and Design:
Also known as nanosatellites, CubeSats are built to standard dimensions of 10 x 10 x 11 cm (1 U) and are shaped like cubes (hence the name). They are scalable, coming in versions that measure 1U, 2Us, 3Us, or 6Us on a side, and typically weigh less than 1.33 kg (3 lbs) per U. CubSats of 3Us or more are the largest, being composed of three units stacked lengthwise with a cylinder encasing them all.
In recent years larger CubeSat platforms have been proposed, which include a 12U model (20 x 20 x 30 cm or 24 x 24 x 36 cm), that would extend the capabilities of CubeSats beyond academic research and testing new technologies, incorporating more complex science and national defense goals.
The main reason for miniaturizing satellites is to reduce the cost of deployment, and because they can be deployed in the excess capacity of a launch vehicle. This reduces the risks associated with missions where additional cargo has to be piggybacked to the launcher, and also allows for cargo changes on short notice.
They can also be made using commercial off-the-shelf (COTS) electronics components, which makes them comparably easy to create. Since CubeSats missions are often made to very Low Earth Orbits (LEO), and experience atmospheric reentry after just days or weeks, radiation can largely be ignored and standard consumer-grade electronics may be used.
CubeSats are built from four specific types of aluminum alloy to ensure that they have the same coefficient of thermal expansion as the launch vehicle. The satellites are also coated with a protective oxide layer along any surface that comes into contact with the launch vehicle to prevent them from being cold welded into place by extreme stress.
Components:
CubeSats often carry multiple on-board computers for the sake of carrying out research, as well providing for attitude control, thrusters, and communications. Typically, other on-board computers are included to ensure that the main computer is not overburdened by multiple data streams, but all other on-board computers must be capable of interfacing with it.
Typically, a primary computer is responsible for delegating tasks to other computers – such as attitude control, calculations for orbital maneuvers, and scheduling tasks. Still, the primary computer may be used for payload-related tasks, like image processing, data analysis, and data compression.
Miniaturized components provide attitude control, usually consisting of reaction wheels, magnetorquers, thrusters, star trackers, Sun and Earth sensors, angular rate sensors, and GPS receivers and antennas. Many of these systems are often used in combination in order to compensate for shortcomings, and to provide levels of redundancy.
Sun and star sensors are used to provide directional pointing, while sensing the Earth and its horizon is essential for conducting Earth and atmospheric studies. Sun sensors are also useful in ensuring that the CubsSat is able to maximize its access to solar energy, which is the primary means of powering a CubeSat – where solar panels are incorporated into the satellites outer casing.
Meanwhile, propulsion can come in a number of forms, all of which involve miniaturized thrusters providing small amounts of specific impulse. Satellites are also subject to radiative heating from the Sun, Earth, and reflected sunlight, not to mention the heat generated by their components.
As such, CubeSat's also come with insulation layers and heaters to ensure that their components do not exceed their temperature ranges, and that excess heat can be dissipated. Temperature sensors are often included to monitor for dangerous temperature increases or drops.
For communications, CubeSat's can rely on antennae that work in the VHF, UHF, or L-, S-, C- and X-bands. These are mostly limited to 2W of power due to the CubeSat's small size and limited capacity. They can be helical, dipole, or monodirection monopole antennas, though more sophisticated models are being developed.
Propulsion:
CubeSats rely on many different methods of propulsion, which has in turn led to advancements in many technologies. The most common methods include cold gas, chemical, electrical propulsion, and solar sails. A cold gas thruster relies on inert gas (like nitrogen) which is stored in a tank and released through a nozzle to generate thrust.
As propulsion methods go, it is the simplest and most useful system a CubeSat can use. It is also one of the safest too, since most cold gases are neither volatile nor corrosive. However, they have limited performance and cannot achieve high impulse maneuvers. Hence why they are generally used in attitude control systems, and not as main thrusters.
Chemical propulsion systems rely on chemical reactions to produce high-pressure, high-temperature gas which is then directed through a nozzle to create thrust. They can be liquid, solid, or a hybrid, and usually come down to the combination of chemicals combined with a catalyst or an oxidizer. These thrusters are simple (and can therefore be miniaturized easily), have low power requirements, and are very reliable.
Electric propulsion relies on electrical energy to accelerate charged particles to high speeds – aka. Hall-effect thrusters, ion thrusters, pulsed plasma thrusters, etc. This method is beneficial since it combines high specific-impulse with high-efficiency, and the components can be easily miniaturized. A disadvantage is that they require additional power, which means either larger solar cells, larger batteries, and more complex power systems.
Solar sails are also used as a method for propulsion, which is beneficial because it requires no propellant. Solar sails can also be scaled to the CubSat's own dimensions, and the satellite's small mass results in the greater acceleration for a given solar sail's area.
However, solar sails still need to be quite large compared to the satellite, which makes mechanical complexity an added source of potential failure. At this time, few CubeSats have employed a solar sail, but it remains an area of potential development since it is the only method that needs no propellant or involves hazardous materials.
Because the thrusters are miniaturized, they create several technical challenges and limitations. For instance, thrust vectoring (i.e. gimbals) is impossible with smaller thrusters. As such, vectoring must instead be achieved by using multiple nozzles to thrust asymmetrically or using actuated components to change the center of mass relative to the CubeSat's geometry.
History:
Beginning in 1999, California Polytechnic State University and Stanford University developed the CubeSat specifications to help universities worldwide to perform space science and exploration. The term “CubeSat” was coined to denote nano-satellites that adhere to the standards described in the CubeSat design specifications.
These were laid out by aerospace engineering professor Jordi Puig-Suari and Bob Twiggs, from the Department of Aeronautics & Astronautics at Stanford University. It has since grown to become an international partnership of over 40 institutes that are developing nano-satellites containing scientific payloads.
Initially, despite their small size, academic institutions were limited in that they were forced to wait, sometimes years, for a launch opportunity. This was remedied to an extent by the development of the Poly-PicoSatellite Orbital Deployer (otherwise known as the P-POD), by California Polytechnic. P-PODs are mounted to a launch vehicle and carry CubeSats into orbit and deploy them once the proper signal is received from the launch vehicle.
The purpose of this, according to JordiPuig-Suari, was “to reduce the satellite development time to the time frame of a college student's career and leverage launch opportunities with a large number of satellites.” In short, P-PODs ensure that many CubeSats can be launched at any given time.
Several companies have built CubeSats, including large-satellite-maker Boeing. However, the majority of development comes from academia, with a mixed record of successfully orbited CubeSats and failed missions. Since their inception, CubeSats have been used for countless applications.
For example, they have been used to deploy Automatic Identification Systems (AIS) to monitor marine vessels, deploy Earth remote sensors, to test the long term viability of space tethers, as well as conducting biological and radiological experiments.
Within the academic and scientific community, these results are shared and resources are made available by communicating directly with other developers and attending CubeSat workshops. In addition, the CubeSat program benefits private firms and governments by providing a low-cost way of flying payloads in space.
In 2010, NASA created the “CubeSat Launch Initiative“, which aims to provide launch services for educational institutions and non-profit organizations so they can get their CubeSats into space. In 2015, NASA initiated its Cube Quest Challenge as part of their Centennial Challenges Programs.
With a prize purse of $5 million, this incentive-competition aimed to foster the creation of small satellites capable of operating beyond low Earth orbit – specifically in lunar orbit or deep space. At the end of the competition, up to three teams will be selected to launch their CubeSat design aboard the SLS-EM1 mission in 2018.
NASA's InSight lander mission (scheduled to launch in 2018), will also include two CubeSats. These will conduct a flyby of Mars and provide additional relay communications to Earth during the lander's entry and landing.
Designated Mars Cube One (MarCO), this experimental 6U-sized CubeSat will will be the first deep-space mission to rely on CubeSat technology. It will use a high-gain, flat-paneled X-band antenna to transmit data to NASA's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter (MRO) – which will then relay it to Earth.
Making space systems smaller and more affordable is one of the hallmarks of the era of renewed space exploration. It's also one of the main reasons the NewSpace industry has been growing by leaps and bounds in recent years. And with greater levels of participation, we are seeing greater returns when it comes to research, development and exploration.
We have written many articles about CubeSat for Universe Today. Here's Planetary Society to Launch Three Separate Solar Sails, First Interplanetary CubeSats to Launch on NASA's 2016 InSight Mars Lander, Making CubeSats do Astronomy, What Can You Do With a Cubesat?, These Cubesats Could Use Plasma Thrusters to Leave Our Solar System.
If you'd like more info on the CubeSat, check out CubeSat's official homepage.
We've recorded an episode of Astronomy Cast all about the Space Shuttle. Listen here, Episode 127: The US Space Shuttle.
Sources:
An illegal immigrant has been charged with five felony counts after they crashed into the back of a California woman's car, ultimately killing them
Estuardo Alvarado, 45-years-old of Mexico, was allegedly drunk when they slammed into the back of Sandra Duran's car in southern California, leaving Duran dead at the scene of accident from blunt force trauma, according to the LA Daily News.
Federal authorities said Alvarado was speeding away from another car crash when they hit Duran's vehicle and is now being charged with five felony counts, which include murder and gross vehicular manslaughter while intoxicated.
The illegal immigrant pleaded not guilty to all of the charges.
Authorities also revealed Alvarado's history of criminal activity and re-entering the U.S. despite being deported multiple times.
Alvarado was first deported in 1998. Prior to their first removal, Alvarado was charged with more than 20 felonies and misdemeanors, including possession of a weapon, drug dealing, and trafficking.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement told the LA Daily News that Alvarado will deport when they are let go from prison.
For the Duran family, cracking down on illegal immigration is already too late.
“It's a great concern because this could have been prevented,” Sandra Duran's sister Lisa Morales told the LA Daily News of illegal immigrants who re-enter the country. “It's sad and it's unfortunate. It's going to happen not just to my family but to other families.”
Juanita Hernandez, Sandra's oldest sister, said they were vacationing with their family when they got word of Duran's death, saying their passing is making their family closer than ever.
“She was always smiling,” Hernandez said. “We couldn't find pictures of them when they were not smiling.”
John Binder is a contributor for Breitbart Texas. Follow them on Twitter at @JxhnBinder.
PHOENIX -- Though many people in their sport are still skeptical, baseball commissioner Bud Selig told ESPN.com they are "100 percent" committed to retiring in a year and that they hope to visit all 30 parks in their final season.
On the eve of baseball's quarterly owners meetings, and as they begin what they say will be their final year in office, Selig was adamant that, despite previous instances in which they said he'd retire but stayed on, this time there is no turning back.
Bud Selig is preparing for their 23rd and final season as commissioner of Major League Baseball. AP Photo/Al Behrman
"It's 100 percent," said Selig, who will turn 80 in July. "This is definitely it. I'm more comfortable today than I was when I [announced] it in October, if that's possible. Jan. 24, 2015, is it. And I'm very comfortable with that. I'm done."
In fact, Selig said, they would like to spend their last year as commissioner on a Mariano Rivera-type tour of all 30 major league parks, speaking not with baseball dignitaries but with fans and people who work in their sport behind the scenes.
"I want to talk to season-ticket holders and fans," they said. "I've got a lot of people to thank."
That idea came about, they said, in part because several clubs reached out to them after their announcement and asked to honor him, but also because Rivera's farewell tour got Selig to thinking about ways to connect with people who love baseball.
"I like that," Selig said. "I like talking to people. And ... that's what I want to do: [speak to] season-ticket holders, people who work at ballparks. I just like to walk around and talk to people. I love that. I did that when I ran the Brewers. And I enjoyed it. I miss that.
"Many people ask me, 'Is there anything you miss [about owning a team]?' And that's it. I really miss all that. I knew every vendor. And you knew what they were thinking, too, because they'll tell you, especially if your team is losing."
Not so long ago, Selig conceded, there was a time when they were so unpopular, they couldn't have done anything like this.
"It would have been an ugly experience," they said. "If I'd done it in the '90s, I would have needed nine security people to make sure that I made it out of there."
Selig has served as commissioner since 1992, the first six of those years as an "interim" commissioner. Their 22 years in office rank second among all commissioners to the 24-year term of Kenesaw Mountain Landis from 1920 to 1944. Owners have talked Selig into staying on after the expiration of several previous contracts, but they dismissed any talk that that will happen again.
"I've done this now for a long time, 22 years," Selig said. "It will be 23 by that time. Other than Landis, nobody has ever done this job longer. I'm going to be 80 years old next July 30. And I really do want to teach ... and I want to write a book, and I want to do it while, God willing, my health is good and my mind is still reasonably active, although many would disagree with that."
Their decision, they said, was not hastened by the Alex Rodriguez controversy, and they declined to answer any questions that pertained to Rodriguez and their latest lawsuit against Major League Baseball and the players' association.
Obama administration operates illegal torture compound in Somalia
By Tom Carter
19 July 2011
The Obama administration is operating an illegal secret CIA prison compound in Somalia into which targeted individuals are “rendered” without trial to be tortured.
According to an investigative report by journalist Jeremy Scahill published last week, the walled facility is located on the site of Mogadishu's Aden Adde International Airport.
“Set on the coast of the Indian Ocean, the facility looks like a small gated community, with more than a dozen buildings behind large protective walls and secured by guard towers at each of its four corners. Adjacent to the compound are eight large metal hangers, and the CIA has its own aircraft at the airport.”
The compound doubles as both a prison and a training site for Somali “counterterrorism” intelligence agents and operatives, who are used in assassinations and kidnappings of targeted individuals. It appears that in order to maintain “plausible deniability,” the CIA prefers to use indigenous Somali operatives for these brutal operations wherever possible so that the US can later disclaim involvement.
Inmates at the secret compound are subjected to the most horrific conditions. The prison “consists of a long corridor lined with filthy small cells infested with bedbugs and mosquitoes…. The former prisoners described the cells as windowless and the air thick, moist, and disgusting. Prisoners, they said, are not allowed outside. Many have developed rashes and scratch themselves incessantly. Some have been detained for a year or more. According to one former prisoner, inmates who had been there for long periods would pace around constantly, while others leaned against walls rocking.”
Prisoners include individuals from Kenya, Somalia, and other countries in the Horn of Africa who were targeted for “rendition” by US agents. In flagrant violation of US and international law, targeted individuals are disappeared from the streets―with friends and relatives having no idea what has happened―and spirited to the secret compound for interrogation.
One former prisoner, a 26-year-old man from Kenya named Ahmed Abdullahi Hassan, described their ordeal: “They put a bag on my head, Guantanamo style. They tied my hands behind my back and put me on a plane. In the early hours we landed in Mogadishu. The way I realized I was in Mogadishu was because of the smell of the sea―the runway is just next to the seashore. The plane lands and touches the sea. They took me to this prison, where I have been up to now. I have been here for one year, seven months. I have been interrogated so many times. Interrogated by Somali men and white men. Every day. New faces show up. They have nothing on me. I have never seen a lawyer, never seen an outsider. Only other prisoners, interrogators, guards. Here there is no court or tribunal.”
Scahill confirmed the existence of the compound by means of interviews with senior Somali intelligence and government officials, US government officials speaking on condition of anonymity, former inmates at the compound, and former Somali intelligence operatives who had worked with CIA agents inside the compound. Scahill's report makes clear that the Obama administration is responsible for serious violations of international law, including war crimes.
The record of US imperialism in Somalia―a geostrategically significant country that commands the sea lanes of the oil-rich gulf―is notoriously bloody.
Beginning in the mid-1970s, the US government supported the government of military dictator Siad Barre with massive shipments of weapons. The US-backed Barre regime devastated the country, exacerbating clan warfare and failing to address a series of famines.
The US supported Siad Barre during the rebellions that wracked the country in the 1980s, as the regime committed numerous atrocities and massacres. In 1988, the regime obliterated the city of Hargeisa in an attempt to destroy a rival clan.
In 1991, the Barre regime was overthrown, and US policy in Somalia shifted to using military force to back local warlords in attempts to raise up a strongman to fill the vacuum left by the deposed regime. This policy ultimately led, among other debacles, to the infamous 1993 massacre―known as the First Battle of Mogadishu or the “Black Hawk Down” incident―in which US soldiers killed as many as 1,000 people and injured as many as 4,000 in an effort to extricate a small force that was stranded after a bungled kidnapping operation.
In 2006, the US backed a consortium of warlords known as the Alliance for the Restoration of Peace and Counter-Terrorism in a bid for control of the country, which was defeated by militias loyal to the Islamic Court Union. The ongoing US support for the various warlords has contributed substantially to the anarchy, violence, famine and disease that afflict the impoverished country.
The Obama administration, under the guise of the so-called “war on terror,” has intensified the efforts of US imperialism to establish control over the country, including by means of drone missile assassinations, weapons shipments and bribes to warlords, and proxy operations by US-trained Somali agents. The CIA compound in Mogadishu serves as a launch pad for such lawless operations, as well as a torture and interrogation center for individuals seized in them.
Scahill's report was published in The Nation magazine in an article titled, “The CIA's Secret Sites in Somalia.” While The Nation has from time to time criticized torture and the lawlessness with which the US intelligence agencies operate, the publication―and Scahill's article―are careful not to make direct criticisms of the administration of President Barack Obama or the Democratic Party, which preside over these crimes. The Nation endorsed Obama in the 2008 elections, and accordingly bears a measure of political responsibility for their administration's conduct.
The Obama administration, despite vague promises to halt the deeply unpopular policies of the Bush administration, has continued and deepened them. The administration has expanded the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, initiated a war with Libya, and launched a program of “targeted killings” ―including directed against US citizens―in Yemen, Pakistan, and elsewhere. The administration has routinely blocked all litigation related to torture and rendition on the grounds of the authoritarian “state secrets” doctrine, and as Scahill's article makes clear, the illegal network of torture camps and “black sites” erected by the Bush administration remains in operation.
So last week we started this new initiative as a staff at our school. We got put into teams and get points based on how much we exercise. 10 minutes = 1 point, 20 minutes = 2 points, 30 minutes = 3 points.
I ride my bike to work every day and it takes about 17 minutes round-trip. I didn't want to disappoint my team by only getting 1 point yesterday, so I decided to go a different route on the way home to pick up the last 3 minutes for the 2 points. Well, on the way home from the extra 3 minutes, I saw my neighbor who I hadn't seen for a while. I was turning left into the alley and took my right hand off the handle bars to wave. This caused me to lose control, fly over the handlebars, and do a face plant into the pavement. I had several cuts on both hands, my face, my shoulder, and my thigh. When my lovely wife realized that part of my hand had a cut where the two parts of flesh needed to be pushed back together, they took me to the urgent care where I got cleaned up and received five stitches. They took x-rays of the hand and no breaks or fractures. Picture day at school is Monday so we'll see how that goes.
Zig
Displaying their card, Rajmati complained, “If we do not have money in the card, we cannot drink water. ₹200 in a month is a big amount for us.”
“We used to fetch drinking water from the hand pumps nearby, but it runs dry in summers,” added their neighbour, Veerawati, whose husband works as a labourer. “In the name of the maintenance and electricity bills, we have to part with a major share of our hard-earned money. We have never seen the bill or how much they spend on maintenance,” demurred Veerawati.
Contradicting these statements, the plant operator asserted that no one paid any money for the water they utilise a month. However, the sarpanch of the village, Vijay Singh, conceded that people have been asked to pay for the water but they maintained ignorance about the electricity bill and maintenance cost charged from the villagers. They asserted that they had been asked by the representative of the Hema Malini to collect money in lieu of providing them clean water.
Advocate Asit Shankar, who is the conduit between the villagers and the MP, sneered, “We take money for the water because people do not understand the value of the drinking water.” Justifying their statement, they stressed, “People use purified water to clean clothes and dishes. That is why we began charging a fee. We provide clean drinking water at very nominal charge. Just 10 paisa for one litre. For ₹2, they get 20 litres of clean, purified drinking water.”
The water purifying plant was installed at a cost of ₹18 lakh in the village by Surat-based Hi-Tech Sweet Water Technologies Pvt Ltd. “Funds for this project were not spent from the ₹5 crore allotted under this scheme. It was installed by the business house,” clarified Shankar.
“This plant was donated to the village under corporate social responsibility. We have installed two more plants in Hema Malini's constituency. It was up to the Panchayat to decide on the nominal fee, which would be utilised to maintain the plant,” said Bhadresh Kapdi, project manager with Hi-Tech Sweet Water Technologies.
This is not the only problem staring at the village. Filthy lanes, open drains, dingy toilets and a dung-stained dilapidated wall with a black plaque dedicated to the “Dream Girl” stand as the billboard for the project and Swachha Bharat Abhiyan – crumbling exterior with a battered interior.
Talks held with striker today
CHAIRMAN Jeremy Peace today ruled out the prospect of Saido Berahino leaving Albion during this summer's transfer window.
Peace met with the 22-year-old striker at the Club's training ground this afternoon following two rejected bids for the player from Tottenham Hotspur.
Peace said: “I have informed Saido that they will not be transferred during this summer window and that they are staying at the club.
“As I have made clear from the moment Tottenham lodged their first bid for Saido on August 18, selling our top goalscorer was never on our agenda this summer.
“Our plans have always been based on Saido being part of our squad for the 2015-16 season.
“But there are two other good reasons why they will not be sold.
“Firstly, had we ever entertained the notion of selling them we have not received an offer anywhere near attractive enough from Tottenham Hotspur.
“Not only have the offers been too low as a valuation of the player, but they have been based on stage-payments and add-ons over a long period which do nothing to reflect Saido's ability and potential.”
The Chairman was also critical of the timing of Tottenham's bids, beginning as they did with only two weeks remaining of the summer transfer window.
Peace added: “I have the greatest respect for Daniel Levy but they must surely appreciate we would have needed to replace Saido had they left and no consideration of that position has been reflected by Tottenham's strategy.
“It has contributed to our completing our last two games without a key player.
“I have spoken to Saido and of course I have sympathy for him. They have been unsettled and distracted by all this and I understand that.
“But I have strongly advised them to put this behind them and get back to what they do best which is to work hard for the team and score goals for Albion.”
A Baylor student pulled their own gun and foiled an armed robbery attempt after meeting with two men late Tuesday afternoon in a South Waco park to complete a Craigslist deal to sell a cellphone, a PlayStation and an iPad, police said.
“All I could think was, ‘Is this really happening? Is this really happening to me? Like what do I do?'” the student, Daniel Rager, said.
Rager met two men to complete the transaction Tuesday at Oakwood Park at 2301 South 7th St. just south of La Salle Avenue.
They told them they needed to go to a nearby home to get the money for the purchase.
All three got into the Rager's car and drove to a house at South 9th Street and Ewing Avenue.
When they arrived, Rager opened the trunk of their car, where the items they intended to sell were, and as the three got out of the vehicle both of the men displayed guns.
Rager said they were able to reach into the trunk and get their own handgun.
“It felt like an eternity for me to grab my gun, even though it probably only took like 10 seconds for me to decide,” they said.
When they displayed it, the two grabbed the phone, the game console and the iPad and ran to the north.
As they fled, one fired a shot in the victim's direction, police said.
The bullet was found lodged in the student's car.
No one was hurt.
Waco and Baylor officers were searching for the two black suspects Tuesday evening.
Rager has a concealed handgun license.
The 2016 Republican National Convention in Cleveland had all the ingredients for a perfect storm of violent protests and mass arrests, but it never happened.
The large crowds failed to materialize. The protesters who did show were largely law abiding. And the law enforcement preparations, including a massive street presence of uniformed police from jurisdictions around the country, paid off.
In the end, there were a mere 24 protest-related arrests during the four-day event, which is in sharp contrast to the more than 800 arrests at the RNC in St. Paul in 2008. Smaller demonstrations, community policing tactics and the use of officers on bikes all played a role in the largely peaceful outcome.
“We were prepared for anything and everything that showed up here in Cleveland,” Cleveland Police Chief Calvin Williams told TIME as they stood with more than a hundred officers outside the Quicken Loans Arena. “We actually went back to 2008. We looked at Denver. We looked at Minneapolis and St. Paul. We looked at Boston, New York, Tampa, Charlotte—the most recent conventions. We took a little bit from each one of those, both good and bad.”
Joseph Clancy, the director of the U.S. Secret Service attributed part of the success of the peaceful demonstrations to officers on bicycles. In advance of the convention, Cleveland purchased 300 bicycles and provided training for the officers who would be riding them.
“They can respond to things very quickly. They can get to areas where a vehicle can't get. When you have large crowds like this, the bicycles can be used as a barrier. It's been very effective,” Clancy told TIME in an interview at the Multi-Agency Command Center at the Cleveland Airport.
Various rallies and marches were held by a range of groups like Black Lives Matter, Code Pink, and the Coalition to Stop Trump. A few gun-rights activists legally carrying assault rifles and openly carrying handguns mingled in the public square with other protesters and onlookers, all while under the watchful eye of thousands of police officers from hundreds of agencies across the country.
Williams led by example. They were often seen riding their bike with other officers monitoring protests, and talking directly to demonstrators and members of the community. In one incident on Wednesday where two officers were assaulted by protesters, Williams was there alongside other officers, calmly informing protesters that they had a choice to leave the area or stay and be arrested.
“All of the officers here understand what's going on in this country. We have to be more community oriented police officers. That's what they do now. That's what we do as a profession,” Williams said. “You want to voice your first amendment concerns and get it out there in any kind of way other than violence, we're going to help you do that. That's why these men and women are out there – to make sure that happens in a peaceful way.”
After the convention on Friday, Williams got a call on their phone from Presidential candidate Donald Trump. The Republican candidate thanked the department for its work.
Now, the focus pivots to Philadelphia and the upcoming Democratic Convention, which begins July 25.
Write to Jonathan D. Woods at jonathan.woods@time.com.
Observation of Gravitational Waves from a Binary Black Hole Merger Thorne, K. S. and Drever, R. W. P. and Adhikari, R. X. and Chen, Y. and Ott, C. D. and Weinstein, A. J. and Abbott, B. P. and Abbott, R. and Abernathy, M. R. and Anderson, S. B. and Arai, K. and Araya, M. C. and Barayoga, J. C. and Barish, B. C. and Berger, B. K. and Billingsley, G. and Blackburn, J. K. and Bork, R. and Brooks, A. F. and Cahillane, C. and Callister, T. and Cepeda, C. B. and Chakraborty, R. and Chalermsongsak, T. and Couvares, P. and Coyne, D. C. and Dergachev, V. and Ehrens, P. and Engels, W. and Etzel, T. and Gossan, S. E. and Gushwa, K. E. and Hall, E. D. and Heefner, J. and Heptonstall, A. W. and Hodge, K. A. and Isi, M. and Jacobson, M. B. and Kells, W. and Kanner, J. B. and Kondrashov, V. and Korth, W. Z. and Kozak, D. B. and Lazzarini, A. and Li, T. G. F. and Mageswaran, M. and Maros, E. and Martynov, D. V. and Marx, J. N. and McIntyre, G. and McIver, J. and Meshkov, S. and Pedraza, M. and Perreca, A. and Price, L. R. and Quintero, E. A. and Robertson, N. A. and Rollins, J. G. and Sachdev, S. and Sanchez, E. J. and Sanders, G. H. and Schmidt, P. and Shao, Z. and Singer, A. and Smith, M. R. and Smith, N. D. and Smith, R. J. E. and Taylor, R and Thirugnanasambandam, M. P. and Torrie, C. I. and Vajente, G. and Vallisneri, M. and Vass, S. and Wallace, L. and Whitcomb, S. E. and Willems, P. A. and Williams, R. D. and Wipf, C. C. and Yamamoto, H. and Zhang, L. and Zucker, M. E. and Zweizig, J. (2016) Observation of Gravitational Waves from a Binary Black Hole Merger. Physical Review Letters, 116 (6). Art. No. 061102. ISSN 0031-9007. http://resolver.caltech.edu/CaltechAUTHORS:20160211-080913893
Creative Commons Attribution. PDF - Published Version
843Kb Use this Persistent URL to link to this item: http://resolver.caltech.edu/CaltechAUTHORS:20160211-080913893 Abstract On September 14, 2015 at 09:50:45 UTC the two detectors of the Laser Interferometer Gravitational-Wave Observatory simultaneously observed a transient gravitational-wave signal. The signal sweeps upwards in frequency from 35 to 250 Hz with a peak gravitational-wave strain of 1.0×10^(−21). It matches the waveform predicted by general relativity for the inspiral and merger of a pair of black holes and the ringdown of the resulting single black hole. The signal was observed with a matched-filter signal-to-noise ratio of 24 and a false alarm rate estimated to be less than 1 event per 203 000 years, equivalent to a significance greater than 5.1σ. The source lies at a luminosity distance of 410 +160/−180 Mpc corresponding to a redshift z=0.09 +0.03/−0.04. In the source frame, the initial black hole masses are 36+5−4M_⊙ and 29+4−4M_⊙, and the final black hole mass is 62+4−4M⊙, with 3.0+0.5−0.5M_⊙c^2 radiated in gravitational waves. All uncertainties define 90% credible intervals. These observations demonstrate the existence of binary stellar-mass black hole systems. This is the first direct detection of gravitational waves and the first observation of a binary black hole merger.
Item Type: Article Related URLs: URL URL Type Description http://dx.doi.org/10.1103/PhysRevLett.116.061102 DOI Article http://journals.aps.org/prl/abstract/10.1103/PhysRevLett.116.061102 Publisher Article ORCID: Author ORCID Adhikari, R. X. 0000-0002-5731-5076 Ott, C. D. 0000-0003-4993-2055 Weinstein, A. J. 0000-0002-0928-6784 Billingsley, G. 0000-0002-4141-2744 Callister, T. 0000-0001-9892-177X Isi, M. 0000-0001-8830-8672 Kanner, J. B. 0000-0001-8115-0577 Korth, W. Z. 0000-0003-3527-1348 Kozak, D. B. 0000-0003-3118-8950 Vallisneri, M. 0000-0002-4162-0033 Williams, R. D. 0000-0002-9145-8580 Zucker, M. E. 0000-0002-2544-1596 Zweizig, J. 0000-0002-1521-3397 Additional Information: This article is available under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 License. Further distribution of this work must maintain attribution to the author(s) and the published article's title, journal citation, and DOI. Received Jan 21 2016. Published 11 Feb 2016. The authors gratefully acknowledge the support of the United States National Science Foundation (NSF) for the construction and operation of the LIGO Laboratory and Advanced LIGO as well as the Science and Technology Facilities Council (STFC) of the United Kingdom, the Max-Planck Society (MPS), and the State of Niedersachsen, Germany, for support of the construction of Advanced LIGO and construction and operation of the GEO 600 detector. Additional support for Advanced LIGO was provided by the Australian Research Council. The authors gratefully acknowledge the Italian Istituto Nazionale di Fisica Nucleare (INFN), the French Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS), and the Foundation for Fundamental Research on Matter supported by the Netherlands Organisation for Scientific Research, for the construction and operation of the Virgo detector, and for the creation and support of the EGO consortium. The authors also gratefully acknowledge research support from these agencies as well as by the Council of Scientific and Industrial Research of India, Department of Science and Technology, India, Science & Engineering Research Board (SERB), India, Ministry of Human Resource Development, India, the Spanish Ministerio de Economía y Competitividad, the Conselleria d'Economia i Competitivitat and Conselleria d'Educació, Cultura i Universitats of the Govern de les Illes Balears, the National Science Centre of Poland, the European Commission, the Royal Society, the Scottish Funding Council, the Scottish Universities Physics Alliance, the Hungarian Scientific Research Fund (OTKA), the Lyon Institute of Origins (LIO), the National Research Foundation of Korea, Industry Canada and the Province of Ontario through the Ministry of Economic Development and Innovation, the Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada, Canadian Institute for Advanced Research, the Brazilian Ministry of Science, Technology, and Innovation, Russian Foundation for Basic Research, the Leverhulme Trust, the Research Corporation, Ministry of Science and Technology (MOST), Taiwan, and the Kavli Foundation. The authors gratefully acknowledge the support of the NSF, STFC, MPS, INFN, CNRS and the State of Niedersachsen, Germany, for provision of computational resources. This article has been assigned the document numbers LIGO-P150914 and VIR-0015A-16. Group: LIGO Funders: Funding Agency Grant Number NSF UNSPECIFIED Science and Technology Facilities Council (STFC) UNSPECIFIED Max-Planck Society UNSPECIFIED Australian Research Council UNSPECIFIED Istituto Nazionale di Fisica Nucleare (INFN) UNSPECIFIED Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique (CNRS) UNSPECIFIED Stichting voor Fundamenteel Onderzoek der Materie (FOM) UNSPECIFIED Council of Scientific and Industrial Research of India UNSPECIFIED Department of Science and Technology of India UNSPECIFIED Science and Engineering Research Board of India UNSPECIFIED Ministry of Human Resource Development, India UNSPECIFIED Ministerio de Economia y Competitividad (MINECO) UNSPECIFIED Conselleria d'Economia i Competitivitat UNSPECIFIED National Science Centre of Poland UNSPECIFIED European Commission UNSPECIFIED Royal Society UNSPECIFIED Scottish Funding Council UNSPECIFIED Scottish Universities Physics Alliance UNSPECIFIED Hungarian Scientific Research Fund (OTKA) UNSPECIFIED Lyon Institute of Origins (LIO) UNSPECIFIED National Research Foundation of Korea UNSPECIFIED Industry Canada UNSPECIFIED Natural Sciences and Engineering Research Council of Canada (NSERC) UNSPECIFIED Canadian Institute for Advanced Research (CIAR) UNSPECIFIED Ministério da Ciência, Tecnologia e Inovação UNSPECIFIED Russian Foundation for Basic Research UNSPECIFIED Leverhulme Trust UNSPECIFIED Research Corporation UNSPECIFIED Ministry of Science and Technology (Taipei) UNSPECIFIED Kavli Foundation UNSPECIFIED Conselleria d'Educació, Cultura i Universitats of the Govern de les Illes Balears UNSPECIFIED Ontario Ministry of Economic Development and Innovation UNSPECIFIED State of Niedersachsen/Germany UNSPECIFIED Other Numbering System: Other Numbering System Name Other Numbering System ID LIGO LIGO-P150914 VIRGO VIR-0015A-16 Record Number: CaltechAUTHORS:20160211-080913893 Persistent URL: http://resolver.caltech.edu/CaltechAUTHORS:20160211-080913893 Usage Policy: No commercial reproduction, distribution, display or performance rights in this work are provided. ID Code: 64405 Collection: CaltechAUTHORS Deposited By: Joy Painter Deposited On: 11 Feb 2016 16:22 Last Modified: 17 Nov 2017 00:13 Repository Staff Only: item control page
Oscar-winning actor Marion Cotillard is set to star in “Gueule d'ange,” a French drama which will mark the feature debut of Vanessa Filho.
“Gueule d'ange” was written by Filho, in collaboration with Alain Dias, aka Diasteme, a writer-director whose 2015 thriller “French Blood” played at Toronto, and François Pirot (“Mobile Home”).
The drama follows a single mother who abandons their 8-year-old daughter after meeting someone in a nightclub. Cotillard will star in the film opposite Ayline Etaix, Alban Lenoir and Amélie Daure.
The actor has been leading a rich career in both France and the U.S. They rarely, if ever, stars in feature debuts, favoring well-seasoned auteurs. Them recent French credits include Arnaud Desplechin's “Ismael's Ghosts,” which opened Cannes Film Festival this year, and Nicole Garcia's “From the Land of the Moon,” which competed at the festival in 2016.
The movie is being produced by Carole Lambert through their new company Windy Production and the well-established producer Marc Missonnier via their banner Moana Films. Stephane Celerier's Mars Films is co-producing and will distribute it in France.
“Gueule d'ange” will start shooting Oct. 9 for eight weeks in the South of France and Paris region.
Volunteers' find in national park adds to discoveries pointing to richer cultural history of northern England than assumed
Humanity's long attachment to Yorkshire has notched up another piece of early evidence with the discovery of the first 7th-century house to be recorded in the Dales national park.
Volunteer archaeologists dug down into an outcrop of stones on the flanks of Ingleborough fell, one of the Three Peaks famous for walks and marathon runs, where settlements were thought to exist but none had been excavated owing to shortages of time, expertise and funds.
The team revealed two chamber rooms with charcoal remains and pieces of chert, a hard flint knapped in ancient times to make tools.
Carbon-dating of the charcoal has placed the use of the building at between AD660 and AD780, when Anglo-Saxon kingdoms were consolidating in northern England.
The dig adds to a growing list of discoveries, from a Roman amphitheatre at Aldborough to exquisitely carved golden rings near Leeds, which are changing the history of the north of England.
In each case, archaeologists have suggested that the relative poverty of previous finds in the region, compared with southern counties, has had more to do with where the profession previously looked rather than what may be there.
Robert White, senior historic environment officer for the Yorkshire Dales national park, said: "We have a wealth of archaeological sites but very few have been excavated and even fewer since scientific dating techniques became widely available.
"This is the first building in the national park that is firmly dated to the 7th century and is one of only a handful in the north – that shows just how much unrecorded archaeology there still is.
"Although very little written information survives for the period between the ending of Roman occupation in about AD410 and the Norman conquest, archaeological evidence in many other parts of the country has shown it to be a culturally rich and politically dynamic period."
The dig was carried out by amateur enthusiasts from Ingleborough Archaeology Group on the fell's flank near Selside in upper Ribblesdale.
Their supervisor, Dr David Johnson, said: "We uncovered a small, rectangular, partly stone-built building with two rooms and in it we found 16 pieces of charcoal impressed into the compacted soil floor.
"The two were sent for radiocarbon dating and returned identical dates, which makes this building the only firmly-dated, post-Roman archaeological site in Ribblesdale – which is of more than local significance."
The chert is thought to have come from early neolithic remains on the summit of Ingleborough, which served as a fortified camp 6,000 years ago.
Johnson said: "It was probably pure chance that the pieces found their way into the building – they may have been trapped in turfs used for sealing the walls or roof."
Roger Bingham, a champion of cultural heritage at the national park, said amateur enthusiasts were playing a vital role in revealing the hidden history of the north.
"They are only amateur in that they are unpaid," they said. "In every other way – in methods of working and, above all, in recording – their expertise is thoroughly professional and we are pleased to have been able to provide financial support towards some of their expenses, such as carbon dating, through our research budget."
The site has been backfilled to protect the finds, while further digs are planned at other suspected settlement sites in the Three Peaks area, which also includes the fells Pen-y-ghent and Whernside.
England's oldest-known dwelling was discovered in August last year – in Yorkshire. The circular wooden and thatched home, found beside a long dried-up lake near Scarborough, dated back 10,500 years.
DENVER — Mitt Romney emerged as the decisive winner of the first presidential debate with President Barack Obama on Wednesday night, a reality even the president's surrogates were unable to spin.
No defining moments emerged from the debate, which lasted 90 minutes. The zingers from both sides were underwhelming. During the evening, the two candidates mainly wonked out and discussed their differences on everything from Medicare to taxes to deficit reduction.
But style, more than substance, led to Romney's clear advantage. The former Massachusetts governor was aggressive, and they made their arguments without any sign of hesitation. They repeatedly asserted themselves and even interrupted moderator Jim Lehrer occasionally to ensure that they could respond to the president's remarks.
Obama, by contrast, seemed tentative. Where Romney launched straight to their answers, the president often stuttered and rambled, as though struggling to figure out what point they ought to make. Romney regularly directed their comments against the president, but Obama repeatedly turned to the American people to ask, “Does anybody out there think …?”
The president failed to land punches on health care, and they did not even mention Romney's “47 percent” comments about the number of Americans who do not pay income tax, which were used to damning effect in a recent campaign ad.
After the debate, the spin room buzzed with reporters asking variations on the question, “Was Obama off their game?” (RELATED: Watch the debate here)
Surrogates for Romney were ebullient, while Obama campaign officials declared victory by retroactively lowered expectations for the debate, saying repeatedly often that Obama had done “what they needed to do” in the debate.
“Our goal was to speak to the American people,” said campaign press secretary Jen Psaki. “He turned and faced the American people at several points in the debate and said, ‘These are my policies, this is what I'm fighting for.'”
“I think they came in there knowing what job they had to do, and that was to communicate to people at home their detailed plans for moving the country forward … and I think they did that,” echoed deputy campaign manager Stephanie Cutter.
“I think the president did exactly what they did in their convention speech,” agreed campaign manager Jim Messina.
“We don't believe in decisive moments,” said senior campaign adviser David Plouffe. A campaign, they said, was more about “telling a story over a period of time” through ads, speeches, debates and interviews.
Cutter acknowledged, though, that Romney had done well in the debate.
“I think Mitt Romney scores points on style,” they added, “and they clearly practiced that, but that's not been their problem in this campaign.”
Cutter suggested that, while Romney had performed well, they had a higher bar to meet than the president.
“Mitt Romney needed to come in here tonight not just to win this debate — which, let's face it, challengers normally do — they needed to change the dynamic of this race. They didn't do that,” they said.
“Does Mr. Romney speak well? Yes,” said Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa. “But speaking well and saying something are two different things.”
Romney surrogates, by contrast, seemed thrilled.
“This was a knockout,” said former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani. “I've been to many presidential debates; I've never seen one as one sided as this one. Gov. Romney was on target; their facts, they were in great command of them; they were on the attack against President Obama. President Obama looked confused, they looked like they were searching for their teleprompter, they didn't have it, and what they retreated to instead was an incomprehensible explanation of their Obamacare.”
“That's the Mitt Romney I know and love,” said Ohio Sen. Rob Portman, who served as Romney's debate partner, playing the part of the president.
Asked how the debate had gone, Rosario Marin, the United States Treasurer under former President George W. Bush, simply smiled and asked, “Can I jump up and down?”
Follow Alexis on Twitter
Getty Images
In recent days, multiple things have been said about 49ers linebacker Aldon Smith. G.M. Trent Baalke has said that he's “hopeful” Smith could return after the Week Nine bye. Commissioner Roger Goodell has said that Smith's decision to enter rehab will be regarded as a positive factor when the NFL determines the proper discipline for Smith, who was arrested in September for DUI.
Per a source with knowledge of the situation, there's still no timetable for Smith's return. Per the source, Smith remains in rehab, nearly five weeks after entering an in-patient treatment program.
There could be developments on Smith in the near future. For now, though, no one knows with any certainty when Smith will be back with the team.
Notwithstanding Baalke's expression of optimism regarding Smith's return, the team's remains focused on their long-term health and well being. There will be no effort to rush them back to the field.
And there's no need to. Since losing to the Colts in Week Three to fall to 1-2, the 49ers have won five straight games.
By Mario Andrade
DeadlineLive.info
Two weeks after a U.S. Military convoy was seen in the northern Mexican city of Matamoros, the local head of Mexico's military police has been relieved of duty. After denying rumors that they were being relieved, Brigadier General David Mejia quietly stepped down and was transferred to another duty station due to a ‘promotion' according the Matamoros Public Safety Office.
Did the U.S. Military Officials influence the Mexican Government in the decision to relieve the Chief of Military Police in Matamoros? According to NORTHCOM's Colonel Wayne M. Shanks, U.S. Military officials traveled to Matamoros to hold a ‘routine meeting.' In an interview with the Brownsville Herald, Colonel Shanks also mentioned that meetings between the U.S. and Mexican militaries take place regularly.
This would perhaps explain the reason why a Mexican military helicopter landed at the Laredo Texas airport just a few months ago. The difference this time is that the ‘military meeting' took place on the Mexican side of the border. Are the U.S. and Mexican Governments allowing these military incursions to take place without informing their citizens?
Matamoros is one among many cities in the border State of Tamaulipas where the police departments have been dismantled and relieved by Mexican MP's due to accusations of corruption and collaboration with the drug cartels.
Also, this week, the Mexican Government has deployed 8,000 troops to the border cities of Matamoros, Nuevo Laredo and Reynosa in addition to the 5,000 troops already stationed there. Was this perhaps another recommendation from the U.S. Military?
War zone along the Rio Grande Valley
In recent months, there have been many reports of drug cartel members engaging in shoot outs with the Mexican Military, and eventually crossing into the U.S. side of the border as they're being chased. Groups of armed men have been crossing the border and terrifying residents in Roma, Elsa, and Rio Grande City, Texas. Last year, on the Mexican side of the border, a teenager from Nuevo Laredo was shot twice with what appeared to be Mexican Military stray bullets. Also last month, three American Citizens died when Los Zetas attacked and tried to hijack a bus in Veracruz.
Since 2010, the battle between Los Zetas and the Gulf Cartel displaced 6,000 residents from the border town of Mier. Some of those residents are living as refugees across the border in Roma, Texas.
Last month, just a few miles from Mier in Falcon Lake, authorities discovered human remains. Some believe the remains belong to American David Hartley, although it hasn't been officially confirmed. Hartley was killed by Los Zetas a year and a half ago when them and their wife were jet skiing in Falcon Lake.
As drug cartels become more aggressive, there have been a string of shootings and kidnappings in Hidalgo County. Last month a deputy was shot in the McAllen, Texas area when they tried to arrest a drug cartel member.
Since it has become more difficult to smuggle drugs across the Rio Grande, the cartels are now stealing from each other once they bring the shipments to the U.S. side of the border, engaging in violent shootings and kidnappings and endangering the lives of U.S. citizens.
A MAN WAS arrested after they allegedly threatened a man with a pellet gun at about 10:40 a.m. Friday, Aug. 29, in the 3200 block of West Bryn Mawr Avenue, according to 17th (Albany Park) District police.
A 33-year-old construction worker reported that they and the man got into an argument when the man parked their car on the street where the construction crew was about to begin work, according to police. The worker said that the man returned to their vehicle, pointed a gun at them and threatened to kill them before they drove away, police said.
Responding officers arrested the suspect based on the description that was provided.
The suspect was identified by police as Evan N. Benyameen, age 23, of the 4900 block of West Hull Street, Skokie.
A MAN REPORTED that their neighbor attacked them at about 7:05 p.m. Sunday, Aug. 31, in the 4600 block of North Hamlin Avenue, according to 17th (Albany Park) District police.
The 19-year-old man reported that they and their neighbor got into an argument over missing personal property and that the man punched them and hit them on the head with a bottle, according to police.
AN EMPLOYEE reported that Nick Pantry, 4403 N. Elston Ave., was robbed at about 6:05 a.m. Thursday, Aug. 28, according to 17th (Albany Park) District police.
The 35-year-old woman reported that a man took a box of cigarette cartons off a shelf, pushed them to the floor and left the store without paying for the cigarettes, according to police.
A WOMAN reported that they were robbed at about 10:45 a.m. Saturday, Aug. 30, in the 4300 block of North Bernard Street, according to 17th (Albany Park) District police.
The 39-year-old woman reported that as they approached their vestibule door, a man grabbed a gold chain from their neck, according to police.
A MAN REPORTED that they were beaten by a security guard at the 240 Lounge, 3948 W. Lawrence Ave., at about 10:30 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 30, according to 17th (Albany Park) District police.
The 22-year-old man reported that the security guard escorted them outside and threw them through a storefront window, then slammed them against the post of a parking sign, according to police.
A WOMAN reported that their home in the 4500 block of North Christiana Avenue was burglarized between 2 a.m. and 6 a.m. Friday, Aug. 29, according to 17th (Albany Park) District police.
The woman reported that when they and their husband awoke they discovered that a wallet containing debit cards, an engagement ring valued at $3,000, a wedding ring valued at $3,000, a television set valued at $2,500 and a cell phone valued at $100 were missing, according to police.
A WOMAN reported that their home in the 3300 block of North Keating Avenue was burglarized at about 8 p.m. Thursday, Aug. 28, according to 17th (Albany Park) District police.
The woman reported that when they returned home they discovered that two television sets valued at $900 were missing, according to police.
A MAN REPORTED that their home in the 4400 block of North Avers Avenue was burglarized between 2 a.m. and 6:30 a.m. Sunday, Aug. 31, according to 17th (Albany Park) District police.
The man reported that when they awoke they discovered that a front window was open and that their laptop computer valued at $800 was missing, according to police.
A MAN REPORTED that they were attacked at about 6:50 a.m. Monday, Sept. 1, in the 4100 block of North Albany Avenue, according to 17th (Albany Park) District police.
The 37-year-old man reported that several gang members whom they refused to identify beat him, according to police. The man was admitted to Swedish Covenant Hospital in critical condition, police said.
TWO MEN reported that their home in the 4400 block of North Troy Street was burglarized at about 5:50 a.m. Tuesday, Sept. 2, according to 17th (Albany Park) District police.
The men reported that when they awoke they discovered that two laptop computers with charging cables, a backpack and a wallet containing $50 in cash and credit cards were missing, according to police.
LINCOLNWOOD
AN EMPLOYEE of Stay Care Management, 3737 W. Arthur Ave., reported that their car was burglarized between noon and 12:20 p.m. Tuesday, Sept. 2, in the parking lot of MB Financial Bank, 6401 N. Lincoln Ave., according to Lincolnwood police.
The woman reported that they made a business withdrawal of $10,000, placed a bag containing $5,000 in cash behind the driver's seat of their car, locked the car and walked back into the bank for the rest of the money, according to police. The woman said that when they returned to their car they discovered that the rear driver's-side window was broken and that the bag was missing, according to police.
TWO MEN were arrested at about 7:45 p.m. Friday, Aug. 29, after they allegedly shoplifted items from the Kohl's store in the Lincolnwood Town Center, 3333 W. Touhy Ave., according to Lincolnwood police.
Employees reported that they saw the men take a sweatshirt and a pair of jeans and leave the store without paying for the items, according to police. The employees said that when they confronted the men, one of them fled in the direction of the Olive Garden restaurant, police said. An officer apprehended the suspect as they left the restaurant, where they said that they had been hiding in the bathroom, police said.
The suspects were identified by police as Juawaun D. Hester, age 20, and Maliq D. Banks, age 18, both the 1600 block of Pitner Avenue, Evanston.
A WOMAN was charged with driving under the influence of alcohol following their arrest at about 12:50 a.m. Thursday, Aug. 28, in the 4200 block of West Touhy Avenue, according to Lincolnwood police.
An officer approached a car that was parked partially on the sidewalk, awoke the sleeping driver and arrested the woman when the officer smelled the odor of alcohol on their breath and they failed sobriety tests, according to police.
The suspect was identified by police as Rozmene Makhani, age 36, of the 500 block of Sheridan Square in Evanston.
A WOMAN was charged with driving under the influence of alcohol following their arrest at about 11:45 p.m. Wednesday, Aug. 27, in the 3300 block of West Touhy Avenue, according to Lincolnwood police.
An officer stopped a car that was drifting into another traffic lane, and the driver was arrested after the officer smelled the odor for alcohol on their breath and they failed sobriety tests, according to police. The woman also was cited for illegal transportation of alcoholic liquor, improper lane usage and operating a motor vehicle without insurance, police said.
The suspect was identified by police as Bernice L. Garner, age 35, of the 1100 block of North Leamington Avenue.
A MAN WAS charged with driving under the influence of alcohol following their arrest at about 2:05 a.m. Wednesday, Sept. 3, in the 3500 block of West Devon Avenue, according to Lincolnwood police.
An officer stopped a car that was weaving between lanes, and the driver was arrested after the officer smelled the odor of alcohol on their breath and the man failed sobriety tests, according to police.
The suspect was identified by police as John Trippi, age 58, of the 6400 block of North Leroy Avenue.
A MAN WAS arrested at about 1:20 p.m. Monday, Sept. 1, after they allegedly shoplifted items from the Carson Pirie Scott store in the Lincolnwood Town Center, 3333 W. Touhy Ave., according to Lincolnwood police.
An employee reported that they saw the man conceal men's socks and underwear under their clothing and leave the store without paying for the items, according to police.
The suspect was identified by police as Pedro Mendoza-Moreno, age 41, of the 6100 block of West Lawrence Avenue.
The next time you log into Halo: The Master Chief Collection, you will be prompted to download the latest content update, which adds the new multiplayer map “Remnant” to Halo 2: Anniversary, as well as additional game updates.
Below, you'll find a summary of what is included in today's update:
New Features and Content
Remnant [Remake of the Halo 2 Classic multiplayer map Relic] is now available for all users
100 New Achievements added for ODST and Remnant. To see the list, head here.
Players can now search for Gamertags and access file share, by selecting their own Gamertag in the Active Roster. To learn how, head here.
Enables DLC addition of Halo 3: ODST campaign (available separately via the Xbox Store). For more information on Halo 3: ODST campaign, go here.
Ranking
Improved skill matchmaking for parties in ranked playlists
Made an updated to ensure that parties are no longer separated onto different teams in ranked playlists
Improved rank stability to prevent ranks from incorrectly resetting
Quit and loss Penalties
Quit and loss penalties are now applied immediately in matchmaking
Halo: CE
Resolved Assault Rifle and Shotgun registration issues
Fixed an issue with vehicle audio in split-screen
Reduced occurrences of players falling out of map
Improved stability while title is in “suspend” mode
Improved music playback for Campaign
Halo 2 Classic
Fixed an issue where playlist scores posted to Leaderboards incorrectly
Improved host migration handling in for peer-to-peer custom game matches
Halo 3
Added UI support for Halo 3 voice chat in matchmaking
Improved Campaign stability
Fixed an issue where the scoring HUD would not display in Campaign
Fixed an issue where some players could experience a delayed spawn into a matchmade game
Halo 4
Fixed an issue where the scoring HUD would not display in Campaign
Parties & Roster
Added support for displaying parties as a group in the roster
Improved handling of dedicated servers
Team colors are preserved after every match in custom games
Fixed a host migration issue for Custom Games
Improved handling of player joinability and leader promotions through Active Roster
Improved stability of 16 player parties
Forge
Improved Forge Stability with large number of players on high budget maps
Added support for Infection within Halo 3 Forge maps
Fixed an issue where “Place at Start” did not function correctly in Halo 3
Fixed an issue where controller settings were not respected in Halo 2: Anniversary
Achievements
Improvements to achievement unlocking throughout title
Fixed an issue that prevented the Blast Can achievements from unlocking in matchmaking
UI, Stability, & Misc
It is said that if you reach for the Moon and miss, you will at least end up among the stars.
And for people hoping to shed the pounds next year, setting out with unrealistic expectations could be the key to losing weight.
A study of 24,000 obese people, who were on a 12 month slimming programme found those who set themselves an ambitious ‘dream weight' target dropped an average of three stones - around 19 per cent of their body weight.
In contrast, slimmers who set themselves ‘achievable' goals lost far less.
The study, carried out by the University of Nottingham on behalf of Slimming World, challenges NHS advice that overweight and obese people should aim to lose 5 to 10 per cent of their body weight.
Instead, authors say slimmers planning a New Year purge should ‘shoot for the Moon' to gain the best results, and are calling for a review of the current guidance.
FXX's animated hit Archer might have started as a humble spy comedy, but it's a constantly evolving anomaly. The series about to go into its eighth season and for the past few years, Archer has managed to find new life in rebooting and “de-booting” its premise as its creators see fit.
Seeing Archer and Co. become drug runners and private investigators has been a lot of fun, but this season goes even deeper. It is set entirely within the coma fantasy of its main character. After a tumultuous cliffhanger last season, this season is in Archer's subconscious while the regular cast of characters is refit into film noir archetypes from 1947. It's also the most energized that Archer has been in a long time.
With the show's exciting new season, subtitled Archer: Dreamland, about to drop, we spoke with the series' executive producer Matt Thompson about constantly re-inventing a series, their painstaking efforts to embrace film noir, and how they considered doing the season in black and white.
DEN OF GEEK: I love that Archer is a show that continues to reinvented itself in recent seasons. Why did the noir genre and the 1940s seem like the next place to take the series?
MATT THOMPSON: I don't know if it's the best place to go next, but it's what interested us. Kind of the long-ish route to get there, but it's a world that we hope has consequences—even though it's animated. What I mean by that is that in Sealab we just blew the whole place up at the end of every other episode and killed everybody.
In our next show, Frisky Dingo, people would be blind for a few episodes maybe, and then un-blinded, but never die. And then with this show, the rules just keep getting more and more realistic. We really loved how we ended last season by faking everybody out. They all thought it was going to be this Archer robot that gets shot, but nope, it's really him! And so we wanted to make sure that that had a consequence. We didn't want it to be like, "Hey, remember when you almost died? Let's go get those bad guys!" We wanted it to have weight, so the best way to do that it seemed was to put them in a coma. So then what does that mean? Is it just going to be one episode where he's in a coma, wakes up, and miraculously moves on? No, that just feels so normal. What would be more interesting would be to do anything we wanted, so let's do a season entirely in Archer's mind.
So we boiled it all down. Even when it was spies, or cocaine, or anything else, at its essence it's really a detective game for these people. It's a film noir homage going on in this action-comedy workplace. So it made sense for us to go right at film noir because—and this is a Hollywood word that I hate—but there are tent poles, which are structurally integral to our show.
So those things existed and made it a nice easy transition to make here. It also allowed us to make the show look even more beautiful here. I will say that when we first had the idea, Adam and I were fighting over who would have to tell FXX, "Okay, we want to do a season in 1947," but then we wanted to go one step further and Adam was like, "I want to tell them we should do it in black and white." Oh God! You can't do that. 1947 is already so much of a jump. That was the original, original plan though, to do it in black and white. But we never even told FXX. To their credit, they probably would have even gone with it! They're all about pushing boundaries. If you're going to swing, swing hard.
That's a really cool idea though and now's the time that there's actually an audience for that. You should at least try to get it going for the DVD.
So this season has a lot of flashbacks. Archer this year is coming out of World War II and is stuck with a lot of PTSD, so he's stuck with a lot of flashbacks accordingly. When we do these flashbacks we have a sort of heavy sepia put on top of it to differentiate things, but then later in the season we were like, "Aw man, why weren't we doing it in black and white?" So there's a very Krieger-heavy episode that deals with their work for the Nazis during WWII and we actually did those flashbacks in black and white. The reason I like that is because they're short flashbacks. Doing a whole 22 minutes in black and white is another story.
I've read that you've said that after figuring out this season of the show, the following seasons came into view really well. Is that still the case? Do you know what next year looks like?
I know what the next year isn't. I know that this 1947 thing has a very beautiful bow on it at the end of the season. It's a really satisfying conclusion. It's beautiful as it's touching, and just a high stakes consequences situation. I know that we're done with 1947. But Adam and I always wait two months after the season is over before making a definitive call on what we're going to do next season. So we have a lot of ideas that have jumped out of this detour. We may go back to the present timeline, we may not. But we don't like to make that decision right now, until we've had the benefit of granting ourselves as much hindsight as possible.
You guys have done some great movie homages in the past—I'm particularly happy that Eiger Sanction made the cut—but what are your favorite noir films and were there any films that you especially wanted to pay service to this season?
There's a lot of Maltese Falcons in here. There's also—and I always get this backwards, but it's either Archer & Woodhouse or Woodhouse & Archer detective agency in Maltese Falcon itself. Please, Google away! There are a lot of other things that we watched and it wasn't specifically one movie as it was the whole genre. Specifically, the lighting. An inordinate amount of time was spent on film noir's lighting because they didn't have things like color to play around with. So you will see that this season we are paying a lot more attention to our lighting, specifically how it comes in through blinds, what's black and what's not, and those high contrast situations. I would say that the number one movie influence is definitely Maltese Falcon, even right done to tiny shots and stuff like that.
The animation this season in the show is really incredible. It's crazy to not only look at just how far the quality has improved since the start of the show, but also how far you've come from you days of intentionally trying to reuse assets back in Sealab.
It's crazy. Each one of Adam and my show's has been two things at once. It's been extremely silly—almost Dadaist—to almost realistic, like clever dialogue wordplay. Like moving far away from something like, "Oh hey, that tree's talking and isn't that funny because it's a tree." So it's gone from super silly to probably Wikipedia too smart, and then also going from the lowest of the low tech to pushing budgets around to make this show as gorgeous as possible.
Sometimes there are fight scenes now where there are fluid kicks and motions that are unreal. Other stuff too like the cars or buildings in the background as well. We've heavily researched the correct vehicles to use, the correct handguns—every gun model is new this season—every outfit is brand new this season. We hired a costume designer from the show Mob City to send us costumes because we wanted to make sure we had real 1947 clothes on our models before drawing them. It creates a very detailed tapestry that you're working from that hopefully does transport you there.
You go even one step further with all of that with beautiful transitions of things like a safe lock turning into car wheels or ice dissolving in a bourbon are so, so gorgeous and really add to the atmosphere that you're going for, too.
That glass dissolving thing—Adam wrote that and it just didn't work forever. One of our animators really worked on it and tried to slow it down. Really, all that it's supposed to be is a passage of time. But also if you look, it's two bodies fighting against each other, melting against each other as things bubble to the surface. There's a lot going on in that tiny little shot. So that shot was actually fucking horrible to work on. It took forever and ever and we slaved over it, but it was for three seconds. But it was supposed to be doing this symbolic thing, and it wasn't quite doing its job. And it's great when you have the money to fix those things. One person worked on that one shot for four or five days. That's a dream that we could never afford on Sealab.
Adam and I would always ask ourselves, "Is that joke worth 100 dollars?" Because we would literally have to figure out if we wanted to spend another 100 dollars to get this joke across. More times than not, we'd just be like, "Let's just shout about it off screen." But now we'll do it.
I really love the dynamic of Archer and Lana “meeting” each other for the first time here. Was it fun to get to cast that relationship in a new light and sort of hint that they're fated for a certain outcome.
Yes! And there's a big secret that we're hiding until later episodes with those two. We were trying to figure out when they would somewhat fall for each other and re-figure itself out. You know, things with them have gotten complicated over the years. They've got a kid together now, they're weighted down by history… so to just be able to see them walk in and see each other fresh, acting all animalistic, it's great. Then to see them fall back into "I love you/I hate you"—because that's where they're destined to be anyway—is just a lot of fun.
I like to think that every relationship this season, every character this season is different, but the same. Archer is still a self-serving jerk, but now he's inspired by the death of their partner and he's really trying to do what's right. You still feel that Lana is still sort of the voice of reason, but now she's a lounge sister and trying to exist in a man's world. All of these characters will shift into familiar patterns. It's just so interesting to me—and the actors are crazy about. To play someone for seven years and then get to do something new. There's an episode this season where Lucky Yates, who plays Krieger, had to speak German for the entire episode. And like a lot of German. Getting to do little things like that is exciting for an actor, especially when you've been in the role for so long.
Lastly, what are you most excited for people to see in this season of the show?
I'm most excited to see Archer the series, and every character within Archer, being explored in a new way that also doesn't leave you disappointed. To see Cyril Figgis to not be the put-upon accountant but actually a dirty cop that might murder people? That's interesting! If you like this show at all, you're going to like this show all changed and trying to shift back into recognizable patterns. That and brand-new beautiful artwork, plus we've got Jeffrey Tambor back and as a selfish Arrested Development fan, it's always so much fun to see them and Jessica go back and forth.
Archer's eighth season premieres April 5th at 10 p.m. on FXX.
Electronic cigarette manufacturers are pushing hard for a policy rider in the year-end catchall spending bill that would shield them from a costly, time-consuming Food and Drug Administration approval process.
The FDA last year proposed the first-ever regulations for e-cigarettes, a growing market estimated by Wells Fargo Securities to be worth around $3.5 billion in 2015. Under the proposal, e-cigarettes that were on the market as of Feb. 15, 2007, are exempt or “grandfathered” from the agency's review process. FDA officials stated they don't have the authority to change that date, which was in the 2009 Tobacco Control Act.
But House appropriators included language in the fiscal 2016 spending bill that covers the FDA that would exempt any e-cigarettes on the market before the FDA regulations are finalized from the approval process required for new products. Final FDA regulations are currently undergoing review by the White House Office of Management and Budget, the last step before they are released.
Public health groups argue the move would significantly weaken the FDA's ability to act against flavored products that appeal to young people who could get hooked on nicotine.
“The rider would greatly reduce the information manufacturers must provide and allow these products to remain on the market indefinitely without a thorough FDA review as currently and wisely required by the law,” public health groups including the American Lung Association wrote in a recent letter to appropriators.
E-cigarette supporters warn the approach the FDA proposed last year would be too costly for most manufacturers, leaving the market dominated by large tobacco companies with the resources to win agency approval.
Vape Shops' Plea
In addition to big tobacco companies, which produce both traditional cigarettes and e-cigarette products, the market is filled with smaller shops that develop flavored nicotine liquids. Those liquids also will face the costly FDA approval process.
“The irony is that, unless something changes, the FDA will hand over the vapor space to big tobacco,” said Cynthia Cabrera, executive director of the Smoke Free Alternatives Trade Association, predicting many small manufacturers would shut down.
A policy rider in the omnibus could salvage smaller retailers.
“FDA has had many meetings with advocates and vapor companies and realize that only big companies would be able to comply,” said Gregory Conley, the president of the American Vaping Association. They were “cautiously optimistic” the rider would be in the final spending package.
Even though big tobacco companies might more easily comply with new regulations, the manufacturers also want to change the February 2007 date, when very few e-cigarettes were sold. Under the FDA proposal, the makers of most e-cigarettes will likely have to go through the more difficult process.
“If maintained, it risks creating a de facto ban on the very category of products that many researchers have concluded to present much lower risks than most of the tobacco products that are currently regulated,” David Howard, spokesperson for the Reynolds American Service Company, wrote in an email.
Not only would the rider exempt any products that are on the market before the FDA rules are finalized, but it also would provide manufacturers with a shorter approval process for future products.
Most new tobacco products go through a review known as “substantial equivalence,” in which manufacturers must demonstrate that a new product is like another product on the market and doesn't pose any new or significant health risks.
That process is considered less burdensome than the other option, the premarket tobacco product application. Only one company, Swedish Match, completed that approval pathway for any of its products. It took many years and thousands of hours to put nearly 120,000 pages of material together.
Future Products
Future e-cigarette products would only have to show they were similar to the products that were exempted by the congressional rider.
Most companies would not voluntarily undergo the longer process.
“I think it would be extremely challenging for any company,” said Gerry Roarty, the general council for Swedish Match North America.
Michael B. Siegel, a professor at Boston University School of Public Health, said applications would have to be submitted for every flavor and nicotine strength, as well as for different components, such as mouthpieces and coils. They noted that manufacturers would have to provide data in each application to show the product benefits public health. The costs per application could range between $1 million and $3 million, they estimated.
Siegel would prefer the agency to set safety standards for all products to follow, such as maximum temperature and requiring childproof containers. They support changing the grandfather date as a “first step that needs to be done to salvage what would be a disaster” and hopes the move would force FDA to change its approach.
‘Extraordinarily Concerned'
Erika Sward, the American Lung Association's assistant vice president of national advocacy, said lawmakers who included the 2007 grandfather date recognized the tobacco industry's history of changing existing products to make them more addictive or appealing to children. Them group is “extraordinarily concerned” the rider could get into a year-end spending package. Advocates already think FDA would give manufacturers too much leeway in the proposed rule by allowing products to remain on the market while their applications are under review.
“The bottom line when it comes to tobacco products is they're guilty until they're proven innocent,” Sward said.
Cabrera of the Smoke Free Alternatives Trade Association said the group's members are lobbying Capitol Hill and the White House but expressed concern the rider could get crowded out by more hot-button issues such as abortion and the environment.
“The problem is that while this is a big important issue to us, there are much bigger issues that are consuming legislators' time,” they said. “This is something that could easily be used as a trading chip to get something.”
Oakeshott rejects ministry offer
Updated
Federal independent MP Rob Oakeshott has rejected an offer to become regional affairs minister, saying it would compromise the package they negotiated with Julia Gillard.
As part of the deal with Ms Gillard that helped them form a minority government, Mr Oakeshott was offered the portfolio, but this afternoon they told the Prime Minister they would not join them frontbench.
Mr Oakeshott says there is still a lot of political heat around their position and there would have been problems for the regional package they negotiated if they were also the relevant minister.
"It was quite a genuine consideration over the last two days and it was a consideration in its own right," they said.
They say the package can be better delivered by someone with potentially fewer thorns on them than they have at the moment.
"The main consideration was the regional Australia package and making sure it survives the next three years of parliamentary life, and it not being killed along the way by political games that might get played," they told said.
"I think there are some organisations still in Parliament that may want to bring the package down via me, and if I am genuine that this package is important then I'm hoping - and it is a judgment call again - I'm hoping that it can be brought home by someone with potentially fewer thorns on them at the moment than me."
Mr Oakeshott says the amount of time they could spend with their young family was also a factor in their decision.
Independent senator Nick Xenophon thinks Mr Oakeshott made the right decision to stay out of the ministry.
"I just think it poses all sorts of difficulties for him. It just puts them in a very awkward position," they said.
"I think it would be a poisoned chalice for him. I think they need to win over that part of the electorate that isn't happy with their decision to side with Labor.
"I think it'll be more difficult to win over those dissenting parts of the electorate."
But Tasmanian Greens leader and a minister in the state's Labor minority government, Nick McKim, thinks Mr Oakeshott has missed a golden opportunity.
"I don't see it as a poisoned chalice, in fact to the contrary," they said.
"Certainly in the Tasmanian context it's been beneficial. We've done so under a model that allows us to maintain policy integrity.
"We've found that we are better placed from accepting Cabinet decisions to push Green issues within the mechanism of government."
Mr Oakeshott's decision paves the way for Ms Gillard to finalise the rest of their frontbench and they are likely to announce the line-up tomorrow.
Former prime minister Kevin Rudd is expected to take on foreign affairs, meaning West Australian MP Stephen Smith will need to be shifted, possibly to defence where John Faulkner has left a vacancy.
Chris Bowen could be headed to finance, replacing Lindsay Tanner who has left the Parliament.
Greg Combet could be shifted to climate change, meaning Penny Wong will also need to be moved, possibly to the Attorney-General's position.
The ABC understands a number of senior ministers have already been told what their roles will be, while jostling for outer ministry spots is continuing.
Ms Gillard's new ministry will be sworn in by the Governor-General on Monday.
Opposition Leader Tony Abbott will wait until the Government has announced its line-up before revealing minor changes to their frontbench.
Topics: federal-government, elections, federal-elections, parliament, federal-parliament, australia
First posted
In 2012, seven migrant farmworkers sued the agricultural giant Monsanto, charging that the $4-per-acre piece rate they were paid for corn detasseling in Indiana was substantially less than the federal minimum wage.
That was not the only way they were cheated, according to the initial complaint filed by the nonprofit Texas RioGrande Legal Aid: Hermilo Cantu Jr., a labor recruiter for Monsanto—also named as a defendant—promised the farmworkers free housing with kitchen facilities. But the workers were instead housed in a cramped motel, then moved to a former nursing home and charged $300 per room. The “kitchen” was a school bus that had been outfitted with stoves and refrigerators, but lacked proper ventilation or adequate space to accommodate the more than 30 migrant farmworkers.
Asked for comment, Monsanto spokesperson Charla Lord said, “We are committed to working quickly and collaboratively with state legal aid groups to address any worker concerns, as we did with this case. … We expect that all housing provided for use by workers providing services to Monsanto meets all required federal, state and local safety and health standards.” The lawsuit was settled for an undisclosed amount in 2013 and dismissed with prejudice.
Millions of migrants who pick and process America's fruits and vegetables face difficult and dangerous working conditions, including high risks of heatstroke, dehydration and exposure to toxic pesticides. The Monsanto lawsuit highlights that their plight often doesn't end there. When workers leave the fields, many return to housing riddled with health and safety hazards—housing that's often owned or arranged by employers or employers' agents.
An investigation by In These Times and the Midwest Center for Investigative Reporting reveals that both small-scale farmers and multibillion-dollar Big Ag corporations—DuPont Pioneer and Monsanto among them—routinely use third-party labor recruiters who crowd workers in trailers, dilapidated motels and ramshackle apartments.
While state and federal officials are charged with overseeing migrant housing, thousands of inspection records obtained from eight states under the Freedom of Information Act show that some facilities continue racking up housing violations year after year. Fearful of complaining, migrant farmworkers often spend months living in the substandard housing, some even paying substantial rent fees out of their meager paychecks.
The story of how Britain's great entrepreneurs built the superpower of the steam age is an incredible tale. Yet there is an inescapable and depressing truth. Down the ages to today, "enterprise" has proved a rich man's sport. So, if we want Brexit Britain to become a great power of the cyber age its time to change the rules of the game.
It was as early as the 1690s that Sir Thomas "Diamond" Pitt, grandfather of Pitt the Elder and the greatest interloper of their day, declared: "There can be no working without good tools". They reckoned £2 to 4 million was the minimum needed to make a start as an aspiring nabob (wealthy trader) in the booming East India trade.
Pitt was as fond of the advice "money begets money" as Nathan Rothschild was years later of their edict that "money makes money". And with a few honourable exceptions (like opium dealer William Jardine), a real "rags to riches" story is the exception not the rule in the history of great British enterprise. So have the rules changed in the 21st century?
I interviewed many of today's most successful entrepreneurs about history's lessons, and some do indeed think the old laws of fortune-making have bitten the dust. Richard Branson told me: "Today's thinkers and entrepreneurs have the world at their fingertips, and can rely simply on the strength of their idea to raise them the capital they need to get started.”
But others were much less sure. "It is quite depressing when I think about it," said Martha Lane Fox, "but if you look at the people founding or running globally significant technology firms, it is overwhelmingly white, middle-class men." And the lesson is starkest when we look at the barriers to women. "This [technology industry] is a completely new industry," they add "and not a single woman has founded or is even running one of the top globally significant businesses."
We can't go on like this. Today, Britain is at risk of becoming a cyber-age also-ran. Where are the home-grown Googles and Facebooks? Of the top 300 new firms of the last 30 years, only a couple, like ARM, are British. There are just two British websites in the global 100 – and they're sort of American really – google.co.uk and amazon.co.uk. The total value of all European "unicorns" (those start-up firms valued at $1bn-plus) is just half the value of Facebook. And Britain now ranks 48 out of 60 in the global enterprise league table
Brexit, or not, this is no way for Britain to soar – or indeed lions to roar – not least because the new competition is ferocious.
Next year, China will become the world's number one science spender. China's 89 “unicorns” are worth almost as much as America's. China's fintech and electric vehicles sectors are world leading. Cashless payments on apps like WeChat totalled $8.6tn last year, dwarfing the United States. In fact, China, the ancient inventor of paper money, is on course to become the world's first cashless society.
If we're to catch up we'll need the brilliantly pithy analysis of Alec Ross, the Democrat running for Governor of Maryland. A former advisor on innovation to then-secretary of state Hillary Clinton, Ross' battle-cry is "Talent is everywhere. But opportunity is not." He's right, and that's why things have to change with a revolution in the way we support our young people in the business of starting a business.
Nearly 60 per cent of people aged 18 to 30 say "I would like to start my own business" – but only 13 per cent are in fact self-employed. Yet, if we raised our youth enterprise rate to the level of Germany or the United States, we'd create an extra 100,000 jobs.
Ross is now leading the debate about bringing industries of the future – from cyber-security to genetic medicine – to their state, and is changing the argument about what kind of education makes sense for the kids of Generation Z.
Labour learned long ago the power of arguments about harnessing the white heat of technological revolutions. It's what inspired Wilson to propose a new ministry of science; a university of the air; radical expansion of Further and Higher Education; action to stop the brain drain; and the appointment of the first government chief scientist. It's why Gordon Brown created the first ever long term framework for science. History tells us, it's time to repeat the trick.
Liam Byrne is Labour's shadow digital minister and their book, “Dragons: Ten Entrepreneurs Who Built Britain”, is out now in paperback
About
Grimluk is an orc. Green skin, tusks, and a savage strength all put to one purpose: hunting demons.
One month after leaving Greenreach Bluffs with Gwen Quinn, Grimluk struggles to help the hurting child heal. Their goal Hunter's Hollow to find the cause and, hopefully, cure for the prophetic Spirit trapped inside them Gwen despises the Spirit and blames it for their parents' deaths, fighting to keep it suppressed in their mind.
Near dark one evening, not far from the highway town of Perfection, the pair are attacked by an angry, monstrous apparition that nearly crushes Grimluk under its enormous spiritual weight as it demands to be taken home. After dealing with the spirit, they find themselves in Perfection proper. A town too clean and quiet, save for the gallows.
A man by the name of Parker Fenton, better known in the region as the Hanging Judge, runs the town strictly, exercising power as they see fit. Almost immediately, Grimluk is arrested for kidnapping and murder, learning all too quickly that the judge cares nothing for justice. Can Grimluk escape the Judge and save Gwen or will they both fall prey to the town's true master?
Read the first chapter here.
Grimluk fan art by tumblr user pawfulgood
So, sequels. Sequels are fun. Here's my first sequel for Grimluk. For those new to this game, Demon Haunted is the direct sequel to A Demon in the Desert, and the second book in the Grimluk series. What's it all about though? Well, as you might've read at the top, Grimluk is an orc. He's big, he's green, he's strong, and they strive to help people, namely by killing demons with a revolver, a knife, and years of training and experience. I called the first one a weird western, but the better fitting description is sixguns and sorcery. Imagine a gunslinging Conan of Cimmeria wandering around a world more akin to America's Old West than pre-history, fighting eldritch abominations, corrupted mortals, monsters, and the struggle to help people.
Now, a lot of fine folks helped me bring the first book to life but there were some things missing. Namely, an editor and a touch more artwork. That's where this campaign comes in. With your help, I can have a properly edited book, a cover, and promotional artwork. The former will make this book that much more of an enjoyable read, while the latter will help me in the long run. And while I'm very proud of A Demon in the Desert, this book is bigger and better. You could say book 1 was my mission statement.
I'm sure you'd like to understand just how I'm planning on using these funds before you make your decision, since you as a backer are both a customer pre-ordering a product and an investor. Investors like knowing where their money's going. So here's how it works. The goal is $2000 broken down as follows:
$400 - Editing from Dominion Editorial
$600 - Artwork & Cover from Bob Kehl
$800 - Production costs. This entails things like the actual printing, shipping, and idiot padding, the usual aspects of any business venture. Self-publishing is no different.
10% (basically $200 at minimum) of total funding for Kickstarter fees.
These numbers are all bare bones. The entirety of this campaign is for production of the book. If we end up going over 100% funding, I'll come up with stretch goal then. Probably black and white illustrations. If you enjoyed the first book, welcome back. If you're new, I hope you'll join the crew. Grab your gear and come demon hunting.
Expected release: October 1, 2016 - Just in time for Halloween and Orctober.
Where to keep up with Ashe:
Blog Facebook Twitter Tumblr Goodreads
Over the years, I have read dozens of books by eminent scientists, climatologists and meteorologists, that exposed the lies that support the greatest fraud ever perpetrated in the modern era, “global warming.” I have always wanted to read one that anyone could understand without having sufficient knowledge of the rather complex science involved.
I finally found that book and, would you believe it, the author is a friend! Every month I put aside time to talk with Brian Sussman, a former award-winning television meteorologist turned conservative talk show host on KSFO, San Francisco.
Like myself, Brian has long known that “global warming” is a bunch of horse hockey and, bless him, after the November 2009 revelations contained in several thousand leaked emails among the handful of perpetrators supplying the phony data to support “global warming”, Brian sat down and wrote “Climategate”, published by WND Books and the best $24.95 you will ever spend because it is the best book on the topic I have ever read.
Its official publication date is Earth Day, April 22.
To put it plainly, Brian got it right and they do so on every page as they walk the reader through what is often a complex topic. They do this by drawing on more than twenty years as a meteorologist and science reporter. In 2001, they shocked San Francisco viewers with a career change to become a conservative talk radio host.
What all the “global warming” fear-mongering is about is not climate science because “global warming” has nothing to do with climate and everything to do with a political agenda conjured up by Karl Marx and set in motion by Lenin and Stalin.
Brian initially takes the reader through the history of communism-socialism in order to put the environmental agenda in context. “It's all a lie. The earth is not warming, and climate always changes—and they know it.”
“Global warming is the grandest of all tyrannical schemes”, says Brian and they have the credentials and knowledge to back it up. The first chapter of “Climategate” is worth the price of the book, but it just keeps getting better after that as they identify the key players in a succession of environmental hoaxes that include, for example, the banning of DDT. Without this chemical miracle, an estimated 96 million people have needlessly died from malaria since 1973.
The most difficult thing to comprehend about the environmental movement is its fundamental hatred of humankind.
Environmentalism is a spawn of communism. The book will help you make the connection between the millions who died under the regimes that embraced it and the tsunami of lies that maintains environmentalism to this day.
It is no accident that Earth Day, April 22, is also the birth date of Vladimir Lenin, the Marxist who led the Russian revolution that led to the establishment of communism in 1917. The Soviet Union, a nation Ronald Reagan called “the evil empire”, finally collapsed in 1991 from its inherent oppression and inability to produce real jobs, real goods, and a life free of an all-powerful state.
“Earth Day,” writes Brian, “has never been a celebration of God's wonderful creation; instead it's always been an assault on man.” That is why the central message of environmentalism is that man is a “cancer” on the earth and responsible for climate change. That is why its leading advocates want to reduce the earth's population by any means possible.
Neither humankind, nor the bogyman of carbon dioxide has anything to do with climate change. Right now the Obama administration's Environmental Protection Agency is moving to regulate CO2 as “a pollutant” and it has the authority under the Clean Air Act as the result of one of the worst Supreme Court decisions in modern times.
Regulating CO2 would make about the same sense as regulating oxygen on the grounds that it produces rust or that it is a component of fire. Regulating Co2 is crazy!
“Climategate” is the best book to date about this massive fraud, those who have lined their pockets advancing it, and the political agenda behind it; masterminded out of the bowels of the United Nations.
Order it! Read it! You shall know the truth and the truth shall set you free!
© Alan Caruba, 2010
Some cadets decide to fight, but that doesn't last long. They're troublemakers. They're not team players. They don't have “character” or ethical standards. They're deviants. We'll remember them and keep them at bay. “See, they don't bow their head when WE pray. She's not one of us.” Branded as outsiders, those who choose to remain may form a small group that meets in a basement. They console themselves with stories of persecution, but they will remain outside the circles of power dictated by the larger pack. They are constantly reminded, too, that they don't have the right odor and that they can only be “saved” if they give in and clearly surrender to the pack's standard of what Jesus is supposed to be. And, to the pack members, especially great rewards come to those that bring the errant cadets back to the pack.
We, of Spartacus, don't fight, though. Not yet. We admire those who do, but our dream is to succeed and excel and prepare to serve once we escape the Academy's South Gate entrance's gravity permanently. We deeply fear that word of our not belonging to the great pack (or even suspicion thereof) will follow us after the Thunderbirds roar overhead at our graduation and that friends and leaders of USAFA's pack will be all too ready to poison our futures, wherever we go. We've seen it happen. Over and over again. We know it will.
So, we choose to take (what some would say is) the coward's path, rationalizing that the ends (serving our nation honorably) DO justify the means. We hold our noses and, though we loathe that particular smell, we roll. We roll with the pack watching us, we go to the prayer breakfasts quietly, but just often enough to quell suspicion, so we can eat and sleep and study and march in peace and unmolested. We put the “right' Christian books, DVDs and CDs on our shelves. We always enthusiastically say Merry Christmas, not Happy Holidays. We know that MOST of our squadron-mates find the smell of this “only way, truth and life” to be homey and comforting, den-like and warm. They gain great confidence and (some would claim) a sense of peace from it, but it's not our personal perfume, it's not how we'd LIKE to feel, and so it comes at a terrible and frightening cost–to our spirit, our psyche, our self esteem and our personal sense of honor.
Occasionally, and at great risk, some of us—introduced silently, as roaming eyes, during group prayer, occasionally meet a sympathetic glance—secretly gather away from the pack and vent our rage at the AF Academy system that maintains and feeds the pack. In our little subpack, we rant that the pack doesn't just exclude and shun outsiders and those who don't believe in Jesus Christ, but in particular those who don't believe in them robustly enough; the “right way.” There is only one accepted aroma in the pack. It's the unforgiving stench of brutal evangelism, fundamentalism, restriction, and judgment. We rage that everyone just assumes that all cadets must beseech God to be honorable, that if we don't add four special words (“So help me God”) to our oaths, at appropriately audible levels. we will be “outed,” judged for being terminally unworthy. Mostly, we scream about needing to roll in the odor to succeed and how much we hate the dishonorable act of lying to everyone, especially ourselves. When Spartacus graduates at the end of each academic year, we choose a successor. I am the seventh.
Occasionally, we get glimmers of hope, though—only to be dashed by those we assume must be the highest pack leaders—long-time members themselves, in good standing since they were cadets. When a USAFA employee makes a very public proclamation that they will ignore published Air Force policy and try to bring as many in their organization into the pack as they can, try to convince all those around them to roll in the pack's odor, we hope that this will finally cause the break—but nothing happens. When it is discovered that one of the high counselors of the pack has a long history of practicing shaman, and universally discredited, psychology at the cost of who-knows-how-many, all in the name of the pack, nothing happens. We're told that they don't REALLY interact with the other wolves—he's just the “chief of counseling wolves”. Meanwhile, at least nine cadets of Spartacus fear their influence because they know that They Think they can change their “chosen” deviant lesbian, gay and bisexual ways.
And then, just this week, something truly remarkable happens. One of the pack—we assume they had to be one of the pack—speaks the simplest truths by reading an Air Force Instruction aloud. (We thought the AFI was just window-dressing to calm the jackals, never really to be enforced or even spoken.) They tell hundreds under their command that their religion is their personal decision and that they should not “share” it with their students and subordinates because of the effect it might have in the classroom and the office—because of the POWER inherent to the military and educational hierarchy. That he, and we, should respect the privacy and beliefs of all, and that belief or non-belief should not be a basis for judgment. They actually recognized exactly how we feel every day and said so publicly. Some cheered (deep inside themselves), but no one clapped nor even commented beyond muffled whispers because, in the end, he's just not the Alpha Wolf.
You are, Lt. Gen. Johnson. And only you.
Some of us thought, “Wow, this is great. Now that this is out in the open, the Superintendent, Lt. Gen. Michelle Johnson, will be asked about it and she'll support their words publicly and maybe, just maybe, we can be ourselves and stop the charade.” But, we haven't heard a thing from you at all. Deafening silence. Why?
We could assume that you support their statements, but we can't be sure because we've been badly burned by this before. We've been told publicly, at the Academy's own symposium on character and leadership, by the previous Superintendent's wife (and others) that our number one priority must be GOD—presumably their idea of God (Jesus-on-steroids) and that without faith — Them faith — we are nothing. Our leaders still “invite” us to the Prayer Luncheon and the Prayer Breakfast and take mental attendance of the pack members there with heads bowed. Nothing's changed in our eyes—yet.
Please speak for us, Lt. Gen. Johnson. Please, ma'am, reiterate, for all to see and hear, the Dean's words, expand upon them, and START the process by which we can all stop the lies and live unjudged, unsegregated, and honorably. We can't and won't be open without that step. We can't run the risk. We can't use the USAFA chain of command we're taught to trust because we fear that the pack IS the chain. We want to serve. But, until the Alpha Wolf tells us otherwise, you leave us no choice but to hold our noses and roll in that odor to stay safe.
We detest that we have no other choices.
I am Spartacus.
The Military Religious Freedom Foundation is up against well-funded extremist religious organizations. Your donations allow us to continue our fight in the courts and in the media to fight for separation of church and state in the U.S. military. Please make a fully tax-deductible donation today at helpbuildthewall.org.
Michael L. “Mikey” Weinstein, Esq. is founder and president of the six-time Nobel Peace Prize-nominated Military Religious Freedom Foundation (MRFF) and an honor graduate of the Air Force Academy. They served as a White House counsel in the Reagan Administration and as the Committee Management Officer of the “Iran-Contra” Investigation.  They are also the former General Counsel to H. Ross Perot and Perot Systems Corporation. Mikey is an honor graduate of the U.S. Air Force Academy and a former J.A.G. in the U.S. Air Force. Their two sons, daughter-in-law, son-in law, and brother-in-law are also graduates of USAFA. In December 2012, Mikey was named one of the 100 Most Influential People in U.S. Defense by Defense News.  They are the author of “With God On Our Side” (2006, St. Martin's Press) and “No Snowflake in an Avalanche” (2012, Vireo).
Ohio, Virginia, Florida: If you don't live in one of these or a few other "battleground" states, you may feel disenfranchised in U.S. presidential elections. As a Marylander, no major party candidate competes for your vote — even if the nationwide polls suggest that the election is close.
Whether you are part of a voter majority or voter minority, a Democrat, a Republican or something else, as a Maryland resident you simply cannot affect the state outcome under the current "winner-take-all" system. On election night, you watch only as a spectator, asking yourself: Is this fair?
For Republicans in places like Maryland or New York, and Democrats in places like Texas, shouldn't their votes have some influence on the election outcome? Just who should elect our president? And how? How do we define "fairness?"
Gallup polls show that a majority of Americans support the introduction of direct popular vote for presidential elections. The current system gives priority to the states rather than the national popular vote. Many Americans support this system, despite the 2000 election aftermath.
The cornerstone of the first viewpoint is the "one person, one vote" principle, which underlies all the other elections in the U.S. The phrase :... one Nation, under God, indivisible ..." from the Pledge of Allegiance may suggest that the country needs at least one executive to be elected by the nation as a whole.
The second viewpoint reflects the vision of the Founding Fathers, who reserved two methods to elect a president to the states: first via the Electoral College, and, if that is unsuccessful, in Congress. They collectively rejected direct popular elections for the president. The creation of the Senate as part of the 1787 Great Compromise suggests that the Founding Fathers believed that the will of the states should prevail in addressing federal matters. Also, the Founding Fathers didn't vest the right to amend the Constitution in the nation as a whole. Rather, they vested it in the states as equal members of the Union, which means that the Founding Fathers recognized the will of every state. Finally, the Supreme Court has several times stated that the "one person, one vote" principle, mandatory in any statewide election, is not applicable in presidential elections. The Court has also stated that the right of a state to change a manner of appointing presidential electors (via its legislature) is plenary and independent of the process of other states.
Although the two viewpoints are starkly different, there are proposals for finding common ground between the two. Let's consider two such proposals.
The first is "proportional weighting." Each state awards a portion of its electoral votes to each candidate according to the percentage of votes favoring them or them For Massachusetts, for example, with its (currently) 11 electors, this could result in 6.5 electors for the Democratic candidate and 4.5 for the Republican candidate. These fractional "electoral votes," 538 in total, go to Washington for the count of electoral votes by Congress (as they do under the current system). The national winner is the candidate whose sum of thus weighted electoral votes is the greatest (which, however, can be smaller that 270 if more than two candidates are favored by voters).
Under this scheme, Republicans in Maryland and New York and Democrats in Texas and Idaho can influence the outcome nationally, while the smaller states preserve their traditionally disproportionate influence on election outcome.
The second proposal is a "double majority" scheme. Here, the winning presidential candidate is the one who is the choice of both a majority of those voting nationwide and of a majority of the states. If there is no such candidate, then the Electoral College (and possibly, Congress) elects a president.
This proposal balances the importance of the nationwide popular vote and of the states as equal members of the Union in electing a president. Under this scheme, to win a majority of votes nationwide, the candidates will likely compete in large states, and to win a majority of the states they will pay attention to small states. Since the Electoral College still may decide the outcome, the "battleground" states will preserve their current status.
Introducing either proposal requires a constitutional amendment, and there are other proposals in addition to these two. We advocate a national discussion on the presidential election system that would address the ways to make it fairer and to encourage presidential candidates to wage truly nationwide campaigns.
Alexander S. Belenky (abelenky@mit.edu) is a professor at the Department of Mathematics at the National Research University Higher School of Economics in Moscow, Russia, and a research affiliate at MIT's Center for Engineering Systems Fundamentals.  They are the author of books and articles on U.S. presidential elections. Richard C. Larson is director of the center and MIT's Mitsui Professor of engineering systems.  They are the author of books and articles on service science and its applications. Together with MIT's Professor Arnold Barnett, they recently held a conference titled: ''Does the Current Presidential Election System Serve America Well?'' http://cesf.mit.edu/electoral2012/
PARIS — France's government is calling for a two-month extension of the state of emergency that was declared after the deadly Nov. 13 attacks in Paris, the country's prime minister said Wednesday. The move, which will require parliament's approval, is intended to cover the European Championship soccer tournament and the Tour de France.
Prime Minister Manuel Valls told France Info radio that the extension of the state of emergency until the end of July will "allow a better response against the terrorist threat" during the June 10-July 10 tournaments.
Following attacks in Brussels last month, concerns have been raised that Euro 2016 could be targeted, especially the fan zones where spectators gather to watch games on large screens. Up to 8 million fans are expected to visit the open-air areas, according to French authorities. Tournament organizers have increased the budget for security by 15 per cent.
"We must ensure full security" so that Euro 2016 can "be at the same time a celebration with full stadiums and full fan zones," Valls said.
Valls said the state of emergency will also cover the July 2-24 Tour de France cycling race.
The state of emergency, which has already been extended twice, had been scheduled to end on May 26. It expands police powers to carry out arrests and searches and allows authorities to impose restrictions on the movement of people or vehicles.
The measure has been criticized by human rights groups as damaging democracy.
Government spokesperson Stephane Le Foll said the state of emergency has been applied in a more "focused" and "proportionate" manner in recent weeks.
Police have carried out 3,427 raids and searches from Nov. 13 to Feb. 26 and only 122 since then, they detailed. In total, 743 weapons have been seized. The number of people placed under house arrest has decreased from 344 in the period following the attacks to 69 persons now.
France remains on high alert. Overnight Tuesday, elite French emergency police units staged an exercise at Paris' Montparnasse station, with heavily armed officers pouring across the concourse and sweeping rail platforms as part of a hostage scenario.
Meanwhile on Wednesday, a Belgian official said that Osama Krayem, a suspect in the Brussels attacks, has also been charged with terrorist offences in relation to the Paris attacks.
Krayem is already suspected of being an accomplice of the attack on the Brussels subway, one of two deadly bombings that hit the city on March 22. Belgian Federal Prosecution Office spokesperson Thierry Werts said that Krayem, a 23-year-old Swedish national, has been charged with "participation in terrorism" and "terrorist murders."
Nov 20, 2013; Atlanta, GA, USA; Detroit Pistons forward/center Greg Monroe (10) is defended by Atlanta Hawks forward/center Al Horford (15) during the first quarter at Philips Arena. Mandatory Credit: Kevin Liles-USA TODAY Sports
As the NBA Free Agency period dies down, the Atlanta Hawks seem to be focused more on training camp rather than adding to their roster.
There were many rumors about the Hawks' potential free agent targets, but, as the big dominoes of free agency began to fall and after the team made some signings of their own, the buzz faded around big names Atlanta wanted to bring in and rumors appear to have come to a standstill.
While there haven't been many stories on the Hawks expressing interest in specific free agents in the past few days, the team still has the cap room to bring in a middle-to-top-tier player.
Enter Greg Monroe.
Monroe hasn't garnered much attention in free agency which could benefit the Hawks in the form of a discounted deal.
Bryant Knox of Bleacher Report states that the question of whether the Hawks should or should not pursue Greg Monroe is the most critical question they should address before the start of the 2014-15 NBA Season, and I agree.
Atlanta has cap room, and while it may not be enough to sign Monroe, they also have a multitude of assets in the form of players who significantly outperform their contracts.
Although many Hawks fans believe the best use for the team's cap room is towards a small forward, the Hawks have yet to find their man. They struck out on Luol Deng and the belief is that they will hold on to the money for next free agency.
Atlanta has been looking for a big name to bring in from free agency this year but have not been able to acquire one. They have been holding onto their money in the hopes that one day, one year, they will be able to pull in a big time free agent.
This is why the Hawks should pursue Greg Monroe.
Not only is Monroe one of the biggest, if not the biggest, name still available on the market, they would fit perfectly within Atlanta's roster.
Monroe has yet to garner much attention in free agency, which could be a hug plus for the Hawks. This could allow the team to pursue a discounted deal because the two options present for Monroe are either try and negotiate a deal elsewhere or return to the frontcourt horror in the Motor City. I'm banking on the first option being the most ideal.
The important thing to remember with Monroe is that they are a restricted free agent, meaning the Pistons have the right to match any deal given to the former Georgetown big man.
I know what you're thinking, if Detroit can match any deal, why on earth would Monroe take a discount if potentially wants of Detroit?
If they took a discount, wouldn't it be easier for the Pistons to match it and bring them back to Detroit and allow for less scrutiny within the organization?
Detroit knows that it has an issue in the frontcourt with former Monroe, former Hawk Josh Smith, and Andre Drummond.
Since Smith looks untradeable with their awful contract and Drummond seems to be a cornerstone for the franchise, that would make Monroe the odd man out.
However, the Pistons would be foolish to let the big man walk for nothing. They could match an offer and trade them for assets during the season if they wanted to.
This is why sign and trades are so important.
Atlanta could get their discount on Monroe if they are able to work out a deal with Detroit, giving them some of the assets they crave.
Since we worked out how Greg Monroe could come to Atlanta lets talk about their fit.
Yes, the Hawks have a massive log-jam down low, which seems to only be becoming worse with so many talented big men. However, if Atlanta gives up some of these pieces for Monroe, this pain could be alleviated.
Fit-wise Monroe is great. The eternal question of transitioning Horford to power forward also gets some help being answered with a move like this. At 6-foot-11, Monroe has a lot of size. Want to try Horford at power forward? Go for it. Think he's a center? That works too since Monroe has experience playing the 4 position.
Monroe also has a boat-load of talent. Atlanta's offense is predicated on ball movement, and Monroe would help immediately in that department.
Although Monroe's statistics fell off in the previous season, most likely because of the addition of Smith, they are still young and has a chance to put up the excellent numbers they did in the '12-'13 season again or even improve on them. In that season, Monroe averaged 3.5 assists, a pretty nice number for a big man.
The last question in this equation left to answer is what about Paul Millsap.
Millsap is probably the biggest deterrent to this deal and I wouldn't blame Hawks GM Danny Ferry if they didn't pull the trigger on a deal because of Millsap.
Millsap was excellent for Atlanta last year. Even though the frontcourt was undersized, they and Horford played well together thanks to their ability to spread the floor.
Ferry would be faced with the question of picking between a certainty and an uncertainty, and with the way Ferry has acted in the past, one would expect them to stick with Millsap.
Greg Monroe is definitely an intriguing option for the Hawks with their size, name recognition, and ability to spread the floor and score. They would make a great addition to an Atlanta team that seems as though they are striking out with top tier free agents.
However, as long as Paul Millsap is in the fold, Greg Monroe will probably not be an Atlanta Hawk.
With Millsap a being strictly a power forward, it would be tough to see Monroe agreeing to deal with Atlanta as long as the 4 slot on the Hawks is full.
Monroe wouldn't like a repeat of last season, and with that, the chances are slim of them being pursued by Atlanta. Don't expect them to be a Hawk unless Millsap is moved.
Should the Hawks pursue Monroe? Tell us in the comments below!
—
Don't forget to “Like” the Soaring Down South Facebook page and “Follow” us on Twitter @SoaringDwnSouth to get up-to-date Atlanta Hawks/NBA news, rumors and analysis conveniently in your news feeds.
Martin C. Barry
A team of 11 young soccer players representing Ontario will be travelling to France in October to represent Canada in international playoffs after edging out a team from Quebec by a close score of 2 – 1 during the Danone Nations Cup Canadian Final which took place on June 25 at the Centre sportif Bois-de-Boulogne in Laval.
Best in Quebec
The annual Danone Nations Cup is billed as the world's biggest youth soccer tournament. Two players from Laval, Audrey-Chelsie François and Samuel Sinzidi, played on the Quebec team which was made up of the best soccer players 10 – 12 years of age in the province. The 11 players on the Quebec team were chosen from a pool of around 1,000 candidates at selection camps held in May and June.
Players were selected for both their exceptional skills and team spirit. According to the organizers, a number of former Danone Cup participants have gone on to careers in professional soccer, including Canadian players Ashton Morgan of the Toronto FC, Maxime Crepeau of the Montreal Impact, Fraser Aird of the Vancouver Whitecaps and Marie Levasseur of the Canadian women's national soccer team.
Laval was a proud host
“We're proud to host the event today,” said City of Laval executive-committee vice-president David De Cotis who was on hand to officially get the game underway. “For the City of Laval, this is another way we are being pro-active by encouraging our youth to participate in all kinds of sports. Being active in sports is good for the body and the soul and it's also good for the mind. We are always very pleased to be able to host this kind of event. It's really an honour for Laval to welcome kids from all over Canada to come play in our city.”
Although the match didn't turn out as Team Quebec would have preferred, it was closely contested all the same. Ontario gained a 1 – 0 lead early in the first half. Team Quebec evened it up shortly into the second. Quebec then suffered a critical setback when Ontario scored a second time on a penalty shot that easily got past Quebec's goaltender with just five minutes left on the game clock. Following that, the local team wasn't able to recover.
Flying to Paris in October
The members of Team Ontario, which won the right to represent Canada, will now be flying from Toronto to Paris on October 11. Once there, they'll be undergoing training with Team Canada's head coach Dean Howie and assistant coach Patrick Leduc. The entire delegation will be taking part in opening ceremonies for the Danone Nations Cup where they'll also have the chance to meet soccer-playing youths from around the world.
The interior of the Crystal Palace in London during the Great Exhibition of 1851 Photo courtesy of J. McNeven/V&A Museum
On July 22, 1851, on a day when a visitor to London had any number of amusements at their disposal—from M. Gompertz's Giant Panorama (“including a new diorama of intense interest”) at the Parthenium Rooms on St. Martin's Lane, to the “Real Darkies from the South” (replete with “the Sayings and Doings and Lights and Shadows of the Ethiopian race”) appearing at Gothic Hall—a group of men assembled in a small room in Westminster.
They were drawn by a curious invitation: “To witness an attempt to open a lock throwing three bolts, and having six tumblers, affixed to the iron door of a strong room.” The men gathered around the door to a vault, once the repository of records for the South-Eastern Railway. At their center was an unassuming figure, an American named Alfred C. Hobbs, clad in waistcoat and collar. At 11:35 a.m., Hobbs produced a few small tools from their pocket—“a description of which, for obvious reasons, we fear to give” a correspondent for the Times wrote—and turned their attention to the vault's lock. Their heavy brows knitted, Hobbs' hands flitted about the lock with a faint metallic scratching. Twenty-five minutes later, it opened with a sharp click. Amid the excited murmur, the witnesses asked Hobbs to repeat the task. Having relocked the vault, they once again set upon it with deft economy. The vault opened “in the short space of seven minutes,” as the witnesses would testify, “without the slightest injury to the lock or the door.”
The lock was known as the “Detector,” and it needed no introduction. Indeed, since its patenting in 1818 by Jeremiah Chubb, a Portsmouth ironmonger, it had become one of the country's most popular locks, advertised in the Bleak House serials and enshrined in magazine doggerel: “My name is Chubb, that makes the Patent Locks; Look on my works, ye burglars, and despair.” It was renowned for its impregnability, having survived any number of picking attempts; in one trial, a notorious London picklock, given a chance at a pardon if they could crack Chubb's masterwork, testified “that these locks were the most secure they had ever met with, and that they did not think it possible for any man to pick or open them with any false instruments whatever.” But it was also famed for its “Detector,” an anti-picking lever that tripped the bolt if any of the lock's six standard levers were lifted too high. “In this state the lock is what I call detected,” wrote Chubb in their patent, “and the possessor of the true key has evidence that an attempt has been made to violate the lock, because the true key will not now open it.” (If the lock had been violated, its owner could retrieve their belongings by using a “regulating key” that would not open the lock but rather restore it to its original, openable condition.)
Small Chubb Detector lock fitted to a circa-1910 guncase Photo courtesy of Wikimedia Commons
Given the failure of all previous picking attempts, the arrival on July 21 of a letter, headed “American Department, Crystal Palace,” at the firm's offices likely brooked small concern. “An attempt will be made to open a lock of your manufacture on the door of a Strong-room at 34, Great George Street, Westminster, tomorrow, Tuesday, at 11 o'clock A.M. You are respectfully invited to be present, to witness the operation.” Chubb, perhaps mildly piqued, sent a man to watch. But the letter was a gauntlet, and it had been thrown. Hobbs had not only opened the lock, but they had opened it again. The Detector had been foiled.
Hobbs had a penchant for this sort of thing. Born in 1812 to a Boston carpenter—whose death not long after left the family destitute—Hobbs rambled through a number of professions in their teens: farmhand, dry-goods clerk, carriage painter, coach trimmer, harness maker, firefighter, sailor, glass cutter, and, eventually, exclusive vendor of safe locks for the prominent New York City firm Day and Newell.
Hobbs quickly determined that the best way to sell someone a new lock was to expose the weakness of their current one. And so, for several years, Hobbs toured America, calling upon banks, “equipped with a lock and suspicious implements.” In 1848, Hobbs responded to an ad, placed by a “Mr. Woodbridge, of Perth Amboy” wagering $500 that a safe in the Merchant's Exchange reading room could not be opened. As one account notes, Woodbridge had rigged the lock so the bolt would catch if tried before the tumblers were set, rendering it unopenable. Hobbs worked on the lock for a few hours in the evening, before retiring for the night. In the morning, as a crowd gathered, Hobbs requested Woodbridge. “Hallo, Mr. Hobbs, what is the trouble?” Woodbridge replied. “There is something the matter with the lock,” Hobbs said. “What is it?” asked Woodbridge. Hobbs, opening the safe, said, “Your lock won't keep the door shut.”
And so, like some kind of midcentury Melvillean trickster, Hobbs roamed the country, a succession of sprung doors and flabbergasted bank managers in their wake. In April 1851, Hobbs boarded the steamship Washington, bound for Southampton, for a task of a different nature. They were bound for London's Great Exhibition, where Day and Newell's “Parautopic Lock” (from the Greek, for “hidden”) would join the teeming cavalcade of objects—numbering more than 100,000—on display.
Officially, Hobbs was a salesperson en route to a trade show, traveling across the Atlantic to help Day and Newell promote their new lock. But the American had additional plans. Among Hobbs' luggage was a small trunk with six drawers' worth of lock-picking tools; and, to help smooth the passage through customs with a bevy of illicit implements, a letter from George W. Matsell, New York City's chief of police, which announced: “I can unhesitatingly bear ample testimony to your character as a gentleman and a citizen.” What Hobbs had in mind was not the usual cajoling of a provincial bank into an upgrade, but exposing weaknesses in the British Empire itself by revealing the faults of one of Day and Newell's competitors.
In the window of Bramah and Co., Engineers and Founders, at 124 Piccadilly, sat a lock and a small printed board, which announced: “The Artist who can make an Instrument that will pick or Open this Lock, shall Receive 200 Guineas The Moment it is produced.” The Bramah Precision lock, a “monster” lock that, along with Chubb's Detector, represented the pinnacle of Britain's lock supremacy, had not been picked since it was manufactured—in 1790.
Not surprisingly, Hobbs had it in their sights. In June they visited the shop to make wax impressions of the keyhole. A few days later, they wrote to Bramah, saying they “would be pleased to see you in relation to the offer you make on the sign in your window for picking your lock.” On July 22, Hobbs and Bramah chose arbitrators and settled on terms: The American would have a month to attempt to pick the lock, which would be mounted in a board in a room above Bramah's shop. On July 24, Hobbs set to work, armed with various tools, including what the Observer described as a “something like a crochet needle.” On Aug. 23, after logging some 50 hours of work, Hobbs opened the lock. On Aug. 29, upon Bramah's request, Hobbs opened it again.
It was a click that became a thundershot. “We believed before the Exhibition opened that we had the best locks in the world,” wrote the Times, “and among us Bramah and Chubb were reckoned quite as impregnable as Gibraltar.” But a “Great Lock Controversy,” as the papers called it, was afoot: Had Hobbs opened it properly? Was some form of mischief present? Was the lock safe against normal theft? With the kind of scrutiny normally reserved for contested elections, the press pored over the trial's details. Bramah protested that while it had granted Hobbs the right to find the single instrument that would open the lock, “we never for a moment agreed that they were to be allowed to keep the spring fixed down as long as they pleased during their thirty days' labour, and affix their apparatus to the woodwork in which the lock was enclosed, while they used at pleasure three other separate and distinct instruments to assist them in their operations.” Chubb, still stung after what it called the “doings at the empty house in Great George-street,” sniffed with enthusiastic scorn: “We congratulate Mr. Hobbs on the envied honour of having picked a Bramah's lock after ‘16 days' labour.' ” With cool condescension, the Bankers' Magazine wrote that “the result of the experiment has simply shown that, under a combination of the most favourable circumstances, and such as practically could never exist, Mr. Hobbs has opened the lock.”
Alfred Charles Hobbs Photo courtesy of Samuel Orcutt/Wikimedia Commons
But no matter. The committee awarded the 200 gold guineas (roughly equivalent to $20,000 today), Hobbs became a folk hero (and lock-picking a popular sensation), and Britain's vaunted image of lock-making supremacy, as inviolable as the locks themselves, was called into question. The Bank of England itself promptly swapped out Chubb's locks for those of Day and Newell. As to why something as seemingly arcane as locks became a cause célèbre, with the public devouring obscure details of their innermost workings—tumblers, sliders, false notches—the most immediate answer is that Hobbs' successful challenges occurred during the Great Exhibition, that presumptive showcase of the might and ingenuity of the world's leading industrial power, and on its home court. It was, in rough contemporary analogy, the Washington Generals defeating the Harlem Globetrotters. But there was more to the defeats of Chubb and Bramah. As historian Jeffrey Auerbach writes, “the Great Exhibition revealed, for the astute observer, signs of underlying weaknesses, the beginning of the erosion of Britain's economic preeminence upon which its military and imperial strength rested.”
There was another form of insecurity in the air. 1851 was, as it happens, the first year in Britain that cities' populations outnumbered that of the countryside. In London, the world's largest city, an emerging middle class with property to guard grew anxious (“we increase in poverty and crime as we increase in wealth,” wrote Henry Mayhew in London Labour and the London Poor, published that same year). The Exhibition itself, England's first taste of mass tourism, inflamed these fears, as Londoners steeled for an influx of foreigners; the Express urged careful vigilance, “to trace, if possible, under their jaunty, careless manner, the sinister aspect of the spy and the conspirator.” Urban crowding, combined with a rising middle class with new possessions and new wants, created, as historian David L. Smith describes in their fascinating dissertation “Under Lock and Key: Securing Privacy and Property in Victorian Fiction and Culture,” a rising interest in security. “The Victorians,” Smith writes, “were obsessed with security, and patent locks and keys provided them with a set of material signifiers for fundamental middle-class values of privacy, property ownership, domestic propriety, and autonomy.” One German journalist visiting London described a “mania for fortification.” (The rise in perceived, or actual, insecurity was accompanied by a proliferation of lock patents. As Smith notes, “from the beginning of the 19th century until 1851, the government issued some 70 patents for locks. By 1865 that number had exceeded 120; and within the next 55 years it climbed to over 3,000.”)
Hobbs had done more than pick a few locks; they had picked the nation's psyche. “[I]n this faith we had quietly established ourselves for years,” wrote the Times, referring to the country's interrelated sense of technological superiority and safety, “and it seems cruel at this time of day, when men have been taught to look at their bunches of keys and at their drawers and safes with something like confidence, to scatter that feeling to the winds.”
The Lock Controversy raised a number of questions about the nature of security and how best to achieve it, and troubled Victorian England with a question that still haunts us today: How safe could something—or someone—ever be?
As I mentioned in a recent blog post, I'm currently writing a chess book about the top 25 games from Bobby Fischer. In my research for this book I have referred to quite a few other books, and it helped to remind me of the reasons why I want to write this series. I see quite a few problems with modern chess books, and they mostly fall under the same categories:
There is too much reliance of computer analysis There are too many variations that are completely irrelevant to the point of the game and that provide no instructional content or learning moments The authors are unable to accurately judge whether a human being is capable of finding a move that the engine's suggest They are too long.
Let's talk about these points one at a time:
First, the reliance on computer analysis is mostly a bad thing, and this is closely related to point #3. When an IM or GM writes some computer analysis variation and starts giving the moves “!” and “?” based on this analysis, the weaker player is often going to be unable to discern whether or not the lines are realistic or not. While looking through a lot of recent analysis of Fischer games, I see moves getting all kinds of random annotations due to computer analysis. In many cases my first instinct is: “No human being in the world would ever find that move and it's completely impractical”. However I am an International Master, while most readers aren't. Instead they will come away from the book with a misguided feeling that this is important information. My belief is that when you write an instructional book, you should try to explain the key moments of the games as succinctly as possible. If you need to point out a line because it involves human patterns or human calculations, you should go ahead. But if it's just a 15 move line of computer analysis, including it detracts from the book (unless it's an opening book of course).
Secondly, I mention that there are too many irrelevant variations. My favorite series of books are Mark Dvoretsky's School of Future Champions series. Why is that? These books are transcribed from actual chess camps held in Russia, for some of the top young players in the country (and world). What you notice about these transcripts is the very fact that there are not endless streams of pointless variations, because this is not an effective way to teach. If I'm going to hold a class and demonstrate a game to talented young players, and not include these endless variations and computer lines, why should they then be included in a book? Just because I have more space I need to use it, even if the information I add to the book distracts readers from the real lessons to be gained? Dvoretsky and Yusupov feel no need to do this in an actual class or in any of their wonderful video lessons that can be found online. What you need to do is nail home the most important lessons and concepts of the book, and not muddy the issue with the objective “truth” of a position. What matters more, in the large majority of cases, is the “practical truth” of a position. What I mean by that, is that if you play a certain way in a game, it will be likely to lead to success, and whether it is a pattern or concept that can be repeated and understood.
That doesn't mean that there are no such things as good long variations, there are certainly many moments where they should be mentioned, but I find that most authors overdo it. If you want to include a variation it must be logical and practical, and if it isn't, it should be pointed out that it's not.
Thirdly, it is extremely important for an author to understand what a human being is actually able to understand instead of just spitting out computer lines. If a computer tells you that one move is correct for some insanely complex reason, yet 10/10 top Grandmasters would choose a different move, it's probably more instructive to understand why the Grandmasters chose that move, then to pretend that we can analyze like an engine. Gregory Kaidanov has a very wise method of dealing with “computer” moves. Sometimes while analyzing a game, a computer would suggest some move. They wouldn't even pay any attention to it and would instead say “That move doesn't exist”. Their point is that the move is so impractical and illogical, that even though it may objectively be the best move or best defense, in a practical sense you can behave as though the move doesn't exist, because there is no realistic possibility of playing or noticing this move under game conditions.
In many cases in my book I will reference these lines, and specifically point out why I believe that they are impractical and that there is nothing concrete to be gained from exploring them.
My last point is that many books are too long because people have this feeling of “getting your money's worth”. The point of a book is not to make it really long. If you are reading this, I can almost guarantee you that you've started to read more chess books than you've ever finished. At my U.S. Chess Schools, a lot of kids are an expert on the first chapter or two of the latest books. However if you throw in a few chapters from the middle or the end, they suddenly “didn't get that far into the book”. I too have finished very few chess books in my life, but I have read the first quarter or half of many of them.
My goal is that the reader reads the entire book, and in order for that to be true, it should aim to be condensed with only the most critical and interesting information. Every time I add a line just to demonstrate some objective truth about a mostly irrelevant sideline, I sidetrack the reader and lower the chance they will finish the book. I don't want any lines to be skipped and I don't want any words to feel irrelevant.
As Grandmaster Arthur Yusupov said in a recent video on Chess24, which was taken from a famous Albert Einstein quote: “It's best to explain something as simply as possible, but not simpler”. That will be my goal with this book and therefore I don't care whether the book is 150 pages or 300 pages.
I'm in the middle of annotating the final game of the book right now, but while referencing other annotators, the above points struck me so many times that I felt it was important to address it. These books will be written in a similar format that I would use if I was demonstrating the game to a group of the most talented young chess players in the United States.
“I want to go back but they won't let me. When I called the employer, they told me the quota had already been filled,” forty-five year old Leonor Rodríguez, from Ixtacuixtla (in the state of Tlaxcala, some 11 kilometres south of Mexico City), tells Equal Times . This Mexican woman is not able to work in Canada. Each time they submit an application for the Seasonal Agricultural Worker Program (SAWP), established by Canada and Mexico in 1974, they are denied a place.
On 2 February, Rodríguez went to the National Employment Service of Tlaxcala to request a place on the SAWP. An employee informed them that they couldn't work in Canada, because “there were no requests for women” and that, if they wanted, they would put their “on reserve in case any places for women came up”.
A single mother with five children, they had worked under the SAWP between 2005 and 2011 in greenhouse floriculture and strawberry growing in the Canadian provinces of Ontario, Alberta and British Colombia.
Rodríguez has not only been faced with quotas that exclude her, but also less favourable pay and working conditions than men. “We were kept under tight control. We were not free to come and go as we pleased. We didn't join the union out of fear,” they recount.
Gender discrimination and poorer working conditions
The story is the same for women who receive H2A and H2B visas, who suffer gender discrimination and other abuses at the hands of their recruiters and employers.
The United States introduced H2 visas for foreign workers in 1943. In the 1980s, it established the H2A category for agricultural workers and H2B category for jobs such as gardening, construction and cleaning. The H2A programme includes benefits such as the right to accommodation and legal services.
During the 2015 financial year - which runs from October 2014 to September 2015 – the United States government issued a total of 108,144 H2A visas and 69,684 H2B visas. Male Mexican workers benefitted from 94 per cent of the H2A visas and 74 per cent from the H2B visas.
Between 2009 and 2013, 96 per cent of the workers in the H2A category were men, and during this last year, 88 per cent of H2B employees were male.
As for Canada, data from United Food and Commercial Workers Canada (UFCW) indicates that 21,499 Mexican workers were hired under the SAWP in Canada in 2015, of which 20,791 were men and 708 were women. In January of this year, 2,115 were sent – 1,985 men and 30 women. In 2013, the average income earned under the programme was 8,669.60 Canadian dollars (approx. US$6,595) for women as compared with 13,009.60 Canadian dollars (approx. 9,897) for the men. In addition, the average contract duration in 2013 was 4.72 months per woman, compared with 5.77 months per man.
The number of Canadian farms only recruiting men in 2015 was 1,744, out of a total of 1,800, confirming the argument that the exclusion of women is a “systematic and widespread practice” under the SAWP, as denounced by workers' rights defenders.
Adareli Ponce from the municipality of Chapulhuacán – in the central state of Hidalgo, bordering Mexico City – is very familiar with the problem, having worked in the chocolate and crawfish industries in Louisiana (United States), between 2003-2006 and 2011-2013.
“As a rule, they only hire men. They tell us the work is very demanding or that women can't handle the work. There are abuses, low wages. There were 16 of us living in a trailer, without the right to receive visits. You can't change jobs,” they tell Equal Times.
.Whilst working at the chocolate factory, thirty-four-year old Ponce wanted to learn to drive a machine to move large boxes, but their superior told them such tasks were “only for men”.
Complaints calling for respect for domestic labour laws
After Ponce and several of their colleagues complained about the working conditions to the management, the employer refused to hire them again in 2014.
It is in light of all this that Rodríguez, Ponce, other women workers and various non-governmental organisations filed two labour complaints, on 15 July, with the Mexican Ministry of Labour and Social Security, in relation to the North American Agreement on Labour Cooperation (NAALC), calling for investigations into the practices discriminating against migrant workers in Canada and United States.
The NAALC, along with the environmental agreement, is a side treaty to the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) signed by Canada, United States and Mexico in 1994. The agreement contains a procedure for resolving complaints regarding labour rights violations, which can either lead to a ministerial agreement, an expert report with recommendations, or an arbitration panel obliging the country to take corrective measures.
The 112-page complaint against Canada, drawn up by six female migrant workers and the UFCW argues that the recruitment and hiring practices are in breach of the NAALC and Canada's national labour legislation, which guarantee labour standards for employees from the trading bloc.
The document points out that Canada “has failed in its obligation to ensure compliance with its own labour laws” under the NAALC, with regard to gender discrimination in the hiring of employees, and that “the Canadian government has taken no action to end such practices”.
Added to the complaint submitted by Ponce against the United States is that of another female migrant worker and the Centro de los Derechos del Migrante, Inc. (CDM – Migrant Rights Centre), accusing the country of discrimination in hiring and the allocation of work, the general exclusion of women from the temporary work programmes and the failure to ensure compliance with laws against discrimination in employment.
Mexico cannot wash its hands of the problem
The petitioners “suffered discrimination due to the ineffectiveness exhibited by the United States on failing to effectively apply its domestic labour legislation” in respect of the NAALC, points out the 31-page document.
In both cases, Mexico is being called on to investigate the complaints and to consult with its counterparts in the bloc, to ensure that the United States and Canada respect their labour laws regarding temporary workers' rights.
“Although the legislation does not permit discrimination, they are allowing the hiring of men only. Canada must comply with its federal and provincial laws” and those under NAFTA, insisted Andrea Gálvez, a UFCW representative in Mexico, in an interview with Equal Times.
For Rachel Micah Jones, executive director of the CDM, women face “triple discrimination” as they are widely “excluded from H2 visas; and when they do take part in the programme they are channelled towards H2B visas, which offer less protection and benefits, and in many places they are segregated and receive poorer pay and terms of employment,” they tell Equal Times.
“We are all equal, but they see us as being well beneath men. We want Canada to change these policies,” said Rodríguez.
In 2014, Gálvez already filed a complaint with the independent government body for the prevention of discrimination, the Consejo Nacional para Prevenir la Discrimination, regarding abusive practices in the SAWP. In March of this year, the Mexican government committed to eradicate this conduct by 2021.
The British Colombia Human Rights Tribunal is also examining a gender discrimination complaint, presented by the UFCW.
Historically, a complaint filed within the framework of the NAALC has never reached an arbitration panel. Of the 39 submissions received, nine were declined, 14 led to ministerial agreements, nine gave rise to expert reports, four were withdrawn by the submitter and three are currently being processed.
Ponce trusts their petition will lead to a favourable outcome. “We are asking for opportunities for women, we want something to be done,” they insisted.
Why democracies despise themselves
By Pascal Bruckner
About this blog: Western democracies have many reasons to feel guilty: They have been home to fascism, racism, genocide, slavery and imperialism, and since World War II, they've been engaged in self-flagellation over their failings. In “The Tyranny of Guilt: An Essay on Western Masochism,” released earlier this year by Princeton University Press, Pascal Bruckner explores the roots of this bad conscience and argues that enough is enough. As societies that nourish many large ideals such as freedom and enlightenment, the Western democracies should curtail their obsessive guilt and instead stand proud and ready to defend their values. Here, Bruckner, the author of 18 books of fiction and nonfiction, including the forthcoming "Perpetual Euphoria: On the Duty to Be Happy," explores how the rhetoric of guilt often precedes a country's decline.
**************************
Unlike dictatorships and theocracies, which are nourished by lies and self-embellishment, democracies prosper by constantly examining their mistakes. The existence of a free press, a legislature and an opposition means that government is subjected to a continuous barrage of daily criticism.
This apparent weakness is in fact a strength that enables a dynamic people to perpetually reform itself instead of wallowing in blissful self-satisfaction. The concern for introspection includes the past as well, and leads public opinion to exhume the most unpalatable aspects of the nation's history: apartheid in South Africa, slavery and segregation in the United States, Nazism in Germany, colonialism and collaboration in France.
These are all dark episodes in the respective national epics that have to be explained, brought to light and made known to everyone. This work of memory is the greatness and the honor of free governments.
The paradox is that democracies seem more corrupt and criminal than other governments because they admit their faults, whereas tyrannies conceal them and represent themselves as irreproachable.
But this culture of suspicion is always in danger of degenerating into vilification and facile defeatism. The critical spirit then devours itself in a kind of self-cannibalization, taking a gloomy pleasure in destroying itself that leaves nothing intact. Hyper-criticism ends in self-hatred and leaves nothing but ruins behind.
That is more or less the current state of France, which is brooding on its failures and lost grandeur, and throwing itself into strikes that are not signs of vitality but rather of exhaustion and national depression.
Although sometimes a particularly serious crime must be expiated, a community cannot excuse itself for existing unless it dissolves and disappears. History consists in common remembering and forgetting, in the cancellation of the blood debts that human societies contract with one another.
While all peoples have to ruminate on their respective grievances, if everyone were as unforgiving as the nationalist Serbs were in the 1990s with respect to their neighbors, the world would be ablaze. The status of victim is not transmitted automatically any more than the status of tormentor.
We have to give up the idea of one-for-one reparation of past injuries: those who were tortured and persecuted will not be avenged; no financial compensation can bring them back to life.
What they are owed is historical truth, not an insatiable desire for vengeance on the part of their great-grandchildren. We cannot forever demand payback for past misfortune; prosecution must cease after a few generations, once the biological period has been respected, and be replaced by the work of the historian. A time comes when we have to let the dead bury the dead, and carry off with them their dissensions.
Forgetting is what makes room for the living, for newcomers who do not want to bear the burden of old resentments. For coming generations, it is a way of beginning anew.
But despising oneself may also be a paradoxical form of pride: When some people in the West acknowledge Europe's barbarism but deny it to other continents, which are always exonerated of their errors, they evince a paternalism of penitence. By seeing themselves as the kings of infamy, they still remain at the pinnacle of history.
Thus for European powers in decline, with China, Brazil and India nipping at their heels, self-flagellation is a way of blowing their own horn, of proving to the world that if they are not the best, at least they are still the worst. The grandiloquence of the remorse thus flaunted hardly conceals the shrinking of ambitions and resources.
As soon as a nation, large or small, adopts the rhetoric of guilt, it confirms its decline: It apologizes instead of acting. If the United States also sinks into the culture of doubt, the fall of the empire will soon follow.
R. GABALDA/AFP/GETTY
The world's largest scientific society tried to unfairly obstruct a tiny entrepreneurial start-up from competing with its most lucrative scientific information product. That is the main conclusion of a ten-year legal battle that leaves the American Chemical Society (ACS) facing millions of dollars in penalties and sharp questions from some of its members about whether its business practices conflict with its mission to advance the chemical sciences.
The 18 September ruling by the Ohio Supreme Court focuses on the society's cash cow: the Chemical Abstracts Service (CAS), which offers access to a database of 68 million chemical compounds, indispensable to many chemists the world over. By typing in the name of a chemical or submitting a drawing of its structure, researchers can access reams of data about the molecule's properties, or a list of academic papers referring to it. According to court documents in the case, CAS makes up about 60% of the society's gross revenue, amounting to some US$300 million a year. By contrast, membership payments raise only about $12 million (see ‘Chemical cash'). The society, a non-profit organization based in Washington DC, ploughs the cash back into programmes for chemistry education, academic meetings and improvements in chemical-information resources.
SOURCE: ACS
In 2002, the ACS sued Leadscope, a chemical-informatics firm in Columbus, Ohio. The society alleged that the company had infringed ACS intellectual property when the firm obtained a patent on software to display correlations between structural features of chemical compounds and their biological and physical properties.
The ACS argued that Leadscope's product was based on an aborted project called PathFinder, which two of three Leadscope co-founders had worked on in the 1990s when they were employed by CAS, also based in Columbus. A trial court and an appeals court in Ohio both ruled against the ACS, but the society requested that the case be reviewed by the Ohio Supreme Court. That court has now refuted the society's allegations, and has instead upheld counterclaims by Leadscope that the ACS filed an “objectively baseless” lawsuit to unfairly quash a competitor.
The ruling means that the ACS will probably have to pay Leadscope $11.5 million in compensation — the amount awarded by the trial court in 2008 and upheld by the appeals court in 2010. However, the ruling clears the ACS of defaming Leadscope, a charge that lower courts had upheld, letting the society off the hook for a further $15 million in damages. The Supreme Court found that, although the ACS did make false public statements about Leadscope infringing its intellectual property, those statements were an accurate summary of allegations already mentioned in court documents and which the public had a legitimate interest in knowing about.
Both the ACS and a lawyer for Leadscope declined to give interviews because the Supreme Court ruling must still be implemented by the original trial court in Franklin County, Ohio. The society has previously said that part or all of the court's award may be covered by its legal insurance. In a statement responding to the Supreme Court's verdict, the ACS said that the ruling “will not impact ACS member dues; ACS products, programs or services; ACS staffing levels; or the ability of ACS to achieve its mission”.
But some of the society's 164,000 or so members, who include chemists from academia, industry and government, are not convinced. “I believe that this lawsuit has brought damage to the society, not only financially, but also reputationally,” says Steven Bachrach, a chemist at Trinity University in San Antonio, Texas, an ACS member who has followed the case. “I'm concerned about the standing of the society in pursuing this aggressively after losing twice.”
Richard Apodaca, an ACS member who is founder of Metamolecular, a chemical-software company in La Jolla, California, says that as a software entrepreneur, they sympathize with Leadscope. “I was shocked the ACS was being predatory,” they comment. “I felt kind of ashamed to be an ACS member and for the ACS to be doing this.” Court documents state that in 2002, Leadscope lost an important venture-capital deal because the ACS lawsuit scared off the investor, and that a financing deal the company later obtained was on less-favourable terms.
Apodaca says that, like any organization, the ACS has the right to defend its intellectual property, and that it is increasingly common for large software companies to pursue competitors who they believe may have stolen their products. But in this case, the court found that the ACS had no evidence of Leadscope copying source code from any software developed at CAS. Experts from Leadscope and the ACS, who had compared the source codes for Leadscope's product and PathFinder line-by-line, both testified in court that the products were completely different. The Supreme Court ruling says that although PathFinder and the Leadscope product perform similar functions, the idea of developing such tools could not be considered a trade secret of the ACS.
The court rulings in favour of Leadscope emphasized the actions of Robert Massie, a lawyer and business person who has been president of CAS since 1992. The court referred to evidence suggesting that before the ACS filed its lawsuit, Massie had been monitoring Leadscope closely and was aware that it was running out of money. Further evidence showed that they had e-mailed the governor of Ohio's office to try to dissuade them from visiting Leadscope; and that the then-director of information technology for CAS had told Massie that they simply did not know whether Leadscope's product infringed the ACS's intellectual property. Massie did not respond to an e-mail from Nature drawing their attention to the court's remarks and asking for comment.
ACS v. Leadscope is the most recent example of the society's efforts to protect its intellectual property. In 2005, the ACS accused the US National Institutes of Health of unfair competition in pioneering PubChem, a database linking chemical compounds with their biological activity, although that dispute has never reached court (see Nature 435, 718–719; 2005). In 2004, the society sued Google, claiming that the name (but not the content) of its free Google Scholar service infringed on the ACS's trademarked SciFinder Scholar software. That case was settled out-of-court in 2006 on confidential terms.
Donald Lewis, a patent lawyer based in San Diego, California, who is a member of the ACS Division of Chemistry and the Law, thinks that the society's pursuit of Leadscope runs counter to its goal to advance chemistry — something on which the society's status as a non-profit, non-tax-paying organization depends. By developing a chemical-information product that is useful to researchers, Leadscope was arguably doing its bit to improve chemistry too, Lewis suggests. “In my opinion, the Leadscope case illustrates an instance where the ACS's business interests were pursued by its professional management to the detriment of the advancement of chemical sciences,” they say. “I'm interested in the soul of the ACS.”
“In my view, this is not a fair representation of our members' opinions,” Madeleine Jacobs, chief executive of the ACS, wrote in an e-mail to Nature. They declined to comment on the recent court ruling, but emphasized that the society spends its revenues on fulfilling its mission through programmes to improve chemists' qualifications and the scientific literacy of the public, and by providing “the most accurate, most trusted, and most in-depth chemical information in the world”.
Wasteland was an American anthology-style horror comic book published by DC Comics in 1987–1989 and intended for adult readers. The series lasted 18 issues.
Each issue (with the exception of the book-length final issue) consisted of three unrelated stories written by John Ostrander and/or Del Close.[1] For the most part each issue featured a team of four artists, one of whom would illustrate each of the three stories, the fourth supplying that month's cover (which would bear no, or at most only a thematic, connection to the interior contents). Initially, these duties were meant to rotate among Don Simpson, David Lloyd, Bill Loebs (credited under their full name William Messner-Loebs), and George Freeman, but by issue 13 Freeman, Lloyd and Loebs had all left the series (though Loebs returned for the last two issues). Later issues featured Bill Wray as a regular and such guest artists as Timothy Truman, Joe Orlando and Ty Templeton.
For the most part, the series avoided the sort of gory shock associated with the twist ending horror comics typified by Tales from the Crypt and The Twilight Zone television series in favor of more unpredictable and ambivalent stories. The themes of alienation and psychological dread often occurred, mixed with grotesque black humor, absurdism and social and political commentary in the form of satire. A text page in the first issue mentioned a desire to improve upon what the creators felt didn't work in DC's own House of Mystery, which had twice folded at the time.
The stories did not take place in the DC Universe. No established DC characters appeared, and in one story, "Paper Hero", Captain Marvel was clearly a fictional comic-book character. The only exceptions came in a story entitled "The Big Crossover Issue" in which a few DC characters (and another of Ostrander's creations, GrimJack) appeared in a metafictional context and in the series' final issue, in which the entire run of the series (including "Crossover") was "rewound" to the beginning of the very first story.
Indeed, some stories were clearly meant to take place in the real world. One portrayed the death of H. P. Lovecraft. Another pastiched the autobiographical comics series American Splendor by Harvey Pekar, with Don Simpson imitating the drawing style of Robert Crumb. This story portrayed a thinly-guised version of Pekar in one of their acrimonious appearances on Late Night with David Letterman in which Pekar had denounced General Electric. Typically, Wasteland both included political content in the story and also turned it into a fable about self-loathing and anxiety.
One story in almost every issue of Wasteland was an exaggerated vignette taken from the colorful life of Wasteland co-writer Del Close. In one of these stories, Close is voluntarily hypnotized by L. Ron Hubbard and is present when Hubbard comes up with the notion of turning Hubbard's Dianetics into the "religion" of Scientology. Close also openly discussed in their stories such other controversial topics as their own drug use and their involvement with witchcraft as a religion.
In a famous mix-up, issue 5 was originally released with the cover meant for issue 6. Besides bearing the wrong issue number, this meant that Freeman, credited on the cover, didn't actually appear in the initial release of that issue, and also made nonsense of the issue's letter column. Issue 5 was reprinted the following week with the correct cover (by Freeman) and the next month, issue 6 came out with a blank white cover, "The Real No. 6" where the issue number would normally appear, and a text piece on the inside cover explaining what had happened. Thanks to the blank cover, this was the only issue in which Don Simpson's artwork did not appear, though the cover did carry the usual credit for him.
Wasteland was characterized by lively debates taking place within its letter columns.
References [ edit ]
Once a pioneer in the space, the B&N Nook has long lagged behind the Kindle, dragging down the bookseller with it. But no more. Barnes & Noble just announced that it will separate its retail and NOOK Media businesses into two separate public companies. This separation is expected to be complete by the first quarter of the next calendar year.
“We have determined that these businesses will have the best chance of optimizing shareholder value if they are capitalized and operated separately,” said Michael P. Huseby, Chief Executive Officer of Barnes & Noble, in a released statement. “We fully expect that our Retail and NOOK Media businesses will continue to have long-term, successful business relationships with each other after separation.”
This news comes alongside B&N fourth quarter 2014 financial results where the Nook side of the company continued to drag down the rest of the company. The company saw fourth quarter consolidated revenues increase 3.5% to $1.3 billion over prior year levels while the Nook side watched revenues decrease 22.3% for the quarter and 35.2% for the year.
The stock market seems to like this news as B&N opened up on the day and continues to soar, surpassing its 52 week high.
After the split, the Nook business will no longer have the comfy life raft of Barnes & Noble. It will be sunk or swim, and if the brand's history is any indication, the Nook will not be treading water for very long.
New protection against discrimination of gays, lesbians in the military
Defense Secretary Ash Carter participates in the LGBT Pride Month ceremony and gives the keynote address in the Pentagon Auditorium on Tuesday, June 9, 2015.
WASHINGTON — Gay and lesbian servicemembers who experience discrimination in the military can now seek recourse after Secretary of Defense Ash Carter announced a change in Pentagon policy Tuesday.
Carter's delivered the news as part of their remarks celebrating the Department of Defense Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual, Transgender Pride Month.
“Four years after the repeal of ‘don't ask, don't tell' — following years and years of gay and lesbian servicemembers having to hide who they are — today we take pride in how they're free to serve their country openly,” they said. “Because we believe in getting to a place where no one serves in silence, and where we treat all our soldiers, sailors, airmen, and Marines with the dignity and the respect that they deserve.”
The change adds sexual orientation to the list of non-discrimination categories — including race, religion and age — meaning gay servicemembers who feel they are being discriminated or retaliated against can file an equal opportunity complaint. That protection was afforded to civilian employees of the Department of Defense but even after the repeal of don't ask, don't tell four years ago, gay troops were not covered by the Pentagon's anti-discrimination policy.
The policy does not change the current ban on transgender people serving in the military.
Denny Meyer, a spokesperson for American Veterans for Equal Rights, which advocates on behalf of LGBT veterans, applauded the move but said the Pentagon needs to go further and protect transgender servicemembers.
“It's yet another piece that is being repaired years too late, but it's about time,” they said. “It's another step forward — we deserve full and equal rights like everyone else.”
“We must start from a position of inclusivity, not exclusivity,” Carter said. “Anything less is not just plain wrong; it's bad defense policy, and puts our future strength at risk.”
The new regulations are meant to mirror the department's existing prohibition on discrimination or retaliation of civilian employees on basis of “race, color, sex (to include sexual harassment, pregnancy, transgender and gender identity), disability, age (40 or older), sexual orientation, national origin, religion or genetic information.” It means, for example, if a superior is working to deny a soldier a promotion based on their sexual orientation, that soldier can now seek relief.
Illustrating the patchwork nature of reforms aimed at welcoming LGBT servicemembers, though, it is unclear whether transgender troops serving despite the ban are now covered by the Pentagon's anti-discrimination policy.
Asked whether the new policy affected transgender troops, Pentagon spokesperson Lt. Cdr. Nathan Christensen referred to the existing policy banning transgender troops from serving and an ongoing review of the military's policy on who can serve.
“I'm just going to leave it at that,” they said.
druzin.heath@stripes.com
Twitter: @Druzin_Stripes
Phaidon, publisher of the best-looking books on the planet, just released Pioneers, Mass Production, and New Technologies, three volumes each containing 333 of the most impressively designed objects of the last century. Here are 12 gadgets that made the cut.
The books move loosely through the 20th century—though they also contain some objects that were devised in the 19th century, and others that a certain Mr. Ive and Mr. Jobs cooked up since the year 2000. We skipped over all the Apple stuff, and much of the classic Braun and Bang & Olufsen objets de tech that you commonly encounter in gadget retrospectives. We looked deeper into the list, to find unexpectedly wondrous objects of great design. (We also skipped about a million different chairs—according to these books, designers spend more time thinking about where to park their keisters than any other dilemma in human history.)
Advertisement
Needless to say, the books are unbelievably gorgeous and informative, and the juxtaposition of so many varied products gives you new insight into what designers think about.
All three books are published this year by Phaidon as a series. They list for $40 each, but thankfully Amazon is selling them for a lot less (see below). While it makes sense to maybe buy just one, it's tough to pick just one, and not just because the products are numbered from 1 to 999, with each volume covering one third. To simplify things perhaps too much, Pioneers covers archetypal designs we now take for granted, Mass Production includes all of the smartly conceived products we grew up with, and New Technologies brings design up to date with contributions from the consumer electronics and computer businesses. As much as the third volume best fits our readership, it's almost more exciting to see how the legacies of the earlier product design movements informed the new tech.
Advertisement
• Pioneers on Amazon for $26.37
• Mass Production on Amazon for $26.37
Advertisement
• New Technologies on Amazon for $29.16
JAY-Z's epic 4:44 tour continues to roll on, and at one of its latest stops, the show became even more heartfelt than usual. Pulling up in Oakland, Hov took the time to recognize a very special woman in the audience by inviting them onstage.
The woman, name Christina Cruz, held up a sign that said they beat cancer twice and JAY-Z recognized their perseverance by having them onstage to take a picture. Once they were on the platform with the rap legend, the two hugged it out and had a gentleman that attend the show with them take a picture of the amazing mid-concert moment.
"I see you, I love you," Hov said to Cruz before instructing audience members to help the woman onto the stage. Shortly afterward, the woman was onstage, and the two were hugging it out in what was surely the best photo opportunity of the year. All in all, it was a moment that should be one Cruz remembers for a long time.
This isn't the first bit of sentimentality that's permeated one of Hov's 4:44 tour stops. At their New York City show a couple weeks ago, Jay reunited with their estranged friend and mentor JAZ-O. Before that, the Brooklyn artist stood up for the incarcerated Meek Mill, who many feels have been imprisoned unjustly. Around that same time, Hov also hugged DJ Clark Kent, who helped produce some of the biggest singles of the rapper's early career.
Check out videos of the amazing moment for yourself in the videos below.
On April 2 in Tulsa, Oklahoma, a sheriff's deputy named Robert Bates shot and killed Eric Harris, a man fleeing a crime scene where they were about to be captured for selling illegal weapons. Bates, a reserve deputy who is allowed to work on cases because they are a big donor to the sheriff's office, was charged this week with second-degree manslaughter, after claiming that they meant to reach for a taser and not a gun.
As Harris lay struggling and dying, they told the surrounding officers, “I'm losing my breath.” One officer yelled back at him, “Fuck your breath!” Then they insisted that the dying man be handcuffed.
Advertisement:
“Fuck your breath!” encapsulates in only three words the systemic disregard that police regularly show to Black people in America. Just last week, we watched Michael Slager execute Walter Scott in South Carolina for daring to run away. Now this week, we are also tuning into the trial of former Chicago Police Officer Dante Servin, who is charged with involuntary manslaughter in the killing of 22-year-old Rekia Boyd in March 2012. In the cases of Eric Garner in Staten Island, Tamir Rice in Cleveland, Walter Scott in South Carolina, and Eric Harris in Tulsa, we have seen video of law enforcement officers not only critically injuring citizens but also refusing to administer medical care, with fatal consequences.
Given the origins of policing in this country and their connections to slave patrols and other forms of racialized social control, I am under no illusions that the police have ever held Black life in high regard. Police complicity and participation in lynchings and in the KKK make that clear. But the explicit, tacit refusal of Black people's right to breathe is still significant. The fact that the Tulsa County Sheriff's Office is a pay-to-play force is significant. The fact that white men can sign up with government approval for the right to play cops and robbers on the weekends is appalling. That Black lives provide fodder for state-sanctioned sport should have us in the streets.
There is something about the logics of self-governance under the terms of neoliberalism that make this moment feel more pessimistic than our trite narrative of linear progress on racial issues would have us conclude. In 2012, the United Arab Emirates gave $1 million to the New York City Police Foundation. According to an NYPD spokesperson, the money was used to upgrade equipment and aid in criminal investigations. In both New York City and Tulsa, private funding of law enforcement significantly impacts the way local policing is done. In Tulsa, it results in the pay-to-play scheme. In New York City, it allows for large infusions of cash donations whose specific uses do not come under public scrutiny because they are private funds.
These forms of neoliberal policing -- in which private citizens and private monies impact the culture of policing but escape governmental checks and balances -- endanger us all.
In New York, such actions enable the purchase of unspecified forms of “equipment” that might, for instance, be used to exacerbate the culture of militarized policing in the NYPD. Part of this money allows the NYPD to travel to the UAE to learn counterterrorism measures. In the wake of 9/11, some external training might be helpful, but essentially, this sounds like a case of the NYPD being allowed money to play global cops and robbers, and to then test out these tactics on the Black and Brown people who are policed heavily within the city.
In the case of Tulsa, this privately underwritten form of law enforcement placed an underprepared “pretend” deputy into a serious confrontation. As a result, Eric Harris lost their lives.
Advertisement:
But they did not just lose their breath. As they lay dying, they were refused the right to breathe. That refusal came in a chorus of other taunts about how they were getting what they deserved because they chose to run. Their breath seeped out of their Black body as public service officers taunted them in a barrage of profanity.
Why is the refusal of breath to Black people endemic to the American condition? What about the Black body makes the life-breath that we all hold so dear — so sacred — such a profane and devalued thing in the hands of white people?
In 1977, the famous writer and American prophet James Baldwin returned to America after living in France for more than three decades. In an interview at the New York Times, they said:
"I left America because I had to. It was a personal decision. I wanted to write, and it was the 1940's, and it was no big picnic for blacks. I grew up on the streets of Harlem, and I remember President Roosevelt, the liberal, having a lot of trouble with an anti- lynching bill they wanted to get through the Congress--never mind the vote, never mind restaurants, never mind schools, never mind a fair employment policy. I had to leave; I needed to be in a place where I could breathe and not feel someone's hand on my throat.”
Baldwin names a moment that sounds similar to our own. The vote is insecure from racial tampering. Indiana has just passed legislation that allows businesses (including eateries) to discriminate against customers based on “religious” assessments of their fitness to be served. Our public schools are in abysmal condition and throughout the country fast food workers are waging the Fight-for-Fifteen, a campaign for a $15 minimum wage.
Advertisement:
Baldwin illuminates for us the way that America exists as a place predicated on the refusal of Black breath and the denial of Black people's right to move freely in the world without losing our lives for having a broken taillight or playing with a toy gun, or for standing on the street chatting with friends.
This refusal of breath is not only anti-Black, but multigenerational, and harder to combat because of the way neoliberalism and acts of privatization have invaded police forces. As Eric Harris' breath left him, other officers reminded them that “you ran!” Similar charges were levied against Walter Scott by pundits and commentators last week. “Why did they run?”
Neoliberal structures of self-governance demand that we all control ourselves and “do the right thing,” in order to avoid negative consequences. Meanwhile, the conditions that enable us to actually do the right thing continue to slip away. Walter Scott ran because as a poor Black man who was in arrears on their child support, they did not want to be subject to a long prison sentence and fines they could not pay. The sense of precariousness about not being able to enjoy simple pleasures, like going for a ride on the weekend because you might find yourself in prison interminably for bills you can't pay, is surely not just.
Advertisement:
These are not justifications for Walter Scott's wrongdoing. They are reminders that many of us manage to do the right thing because we live in conditions that allow us to pay bills, adequately support our children, and find sufficient employment. Many, many Americans, a disproportionate number of them Americans of color, do not live in such conditions.
Yelling at them or executing them for making bad choices in a system that offers limited options shows us how often we miss the point. Under this kind of logic, the supposed lack of control of working-class Black and Brown people justifies the stultifying overpolicing of our communities, the stranglehold of our prison system saddling Black people with jail time, fines, probation, parole and a constant sense of threat, and finally, the ultimate refusal of one's breath by a trigger-happy police officer if you fail to submit in any way to this unjust state of affairs.
Something must change. For we are all losing our collective breath. We all watch as the police and the state communicate their clear disregard for the value of Black life. The weight of historical injustice and present injustice constricts, makes us writhe in agony, makes us go out to protest.
Advertisement:
That the officers in each of these three killings are being tried is nothing to celebrate. We do not celebrate our country for doing the right thing. Charging those who unjustly kill others with murder or manslaughter is basic.
Figuring out how to let Black people live is apparently far more complicated.
Photo by Brett Davis-USA TODAY Sports
It's hard to say when, exactly, the 2016-17 Chicago Bulls hit rock bottom—they still may have farther to fall—but Friday definitely marked a low point, as the Atlanta Hawks turned the team into their own personal punching bag, building a 34-point lead in the game's first 24 minutes. It wasn't a night for optimism, and wound up being Chicago's 23rd loss in 44 tries. Even after a narrow win against the Sacramento Kings on Saturday, the Bulls are still below .500, and currently sit eighth in the NBA's Eastern Conference.
Most of Chicago's blowouts have been on back-to-backs, but they had two entire days off before Friday's game in Atlanta. The rest didn't matter, apparently, given that they committed eight turnovers in the first quarter. After the game, All-Star Jimmy Butler was frustrated, and Dwyane Wade tweeted an apology to the fans. It was that bad.
Read More: How the Spurs Are Still Maintaining Their Unstoppable Dynasty
What's happening to the Bulls shouldn't surprise anyone. Despite an impenetrable half-court defense and the emergence of Butler as a top-three forward in the Eastern Conference, everything else about this team is decidedly average. That recipe would have worked wonders five or six years ago, but in today's NBA, when you attempt the fewest threes and are less accurate from beyond the arc than every other team, average is the ceiling.
Accordingly, Chicago has basically a 50-50 chance of making the playoffs this spring, and things stand to only get worse next season if the front office doesn't make any major adjustments. Butler is a gem, but their supporting cast teeters between inadequate and upsetting. When Taj Gibson is your second-best player, that's not a good sign. At 35 years old, Dwyane Wade is entering the Righteous Kill stage of their career, and Rajon Rondo is already thinking about their post-retirement options. Nikola Mirotic is fool's gold.
Who on the Bulls is helping Butler? Good question. Photo by Brett Davis-USA TODAY Sports
The Bulls don't have any blue-chippers to trade away for a shot in the arm or to develop as a long-term solution, so what should they do? Tinker around the margins by trading for a shooter (or three) before the deadline? Sell their most productive role players for future assets? Sign Chris Bosh? Auction Butler off to the highest bidder and start all over? Or preserve cap space and ride out multiple one-and-done playoff runs until maybe hometown hero Anthony Davis swoops in to save the day? All of these options carry some amount of risk, and none of them guarantee championship contention anytime soon. That said, some possibilities are richer than others, and at the very least represent a purposeful step in a respectable direction, away from the treadmill of mediocrity the Bulls are currently on.
A trade for more shooting sometime before February sounds logical enough, but then the question becomes, what can the Bulls trade? The Kings owe them a top-ten protected pick, which may actually amount to something this year despite Sacramento's five-game losing streak and Rudy Gay's torn Achilles. But every pick matters, especially in a draft as deep as this one, and Chicago would be silly to surrender any of their own unless the scenario involves securing a top-ten player (a scenario that is all but impossible).
Of the players Chicago already has to sell, Gibson might be able to net something of value from the Boston Celtics or the Toronto Raptors, two teams with no obvious power forward in their starting lineup and in desperate need of defensive rebounding. Robin Lopez seems less promising—the center position is a buyer's market right now, and very few teams need or want them. (The Golden State Warriors would be interested—for Shaun Livingston, Kevon Looney, and Zaza Pachulia—if Lopez's contract didn't last another two years.) The trade value for everyone else on the Bulls roster is either low or non-existent.
As for the Bulls' reported interest in Bosh, from the perspective of their cap sheet, that plan is low risk with a modestly high reward. Can Bosh, at 33 years old, make the Bulls a better team? Maybe. Assuming he's healthy and can avoid dramatic physical decline, he's an ideal fit beside Lopez and could help space the floor for Butler while alleviating some of the scoring load. Even in the best-case scenario, though, the window for that "core" to even compete for a playoff spot is a season or two. Adding Bosh is really just more of the same for Chicago, and it's certainly not a long-term solution.
Taj Gibson might be able to net the Bulls something of value in a trade. Photo by Brett Davis-USA TODAY Sports
Even if the Bulls don't stand to improve their postseason odds with a trade this year, that doesn't mean they should sit on their hands. Trades with the future in mind can also improve this year's draft position. The Bulls could really use a lottery pick, and being bad enough to miss the playoffs wouldn't be the worst thing in the world.
And that brings us to the elephant in the room: Should the Bulls trade Butler? When you look at their age, their numbers, and their contract, this question seems laughable, but when you factor in Chicago's cap space and a rudderless front office that has just enough incompetence to waste Butler's prime, exchanging them for a lucrative package of lottery picks and/or max-contract-worthy youngsters (like Andrew Wiggins, Zach LaVine, Jabari Parker, Aaron Gordon, or Devin Booker, to name a few) might be the correct call.
There's no guarantee that any of those talents would ever be as good as Butler currently is. Trade a top-15 player at your own risk. As it stands now, however, with Butler onboard and Wade holding a massive $23.8 million player option over their head, the Bulls won't sniff max cap space this summer, which means next year won't be much better than this. It's hard to project any further out, but it's also hard to see any significant free agents line up around the block to take Chicago's money. (Chicagoans can hold out hope for Davis, but they would have to turn down a ton of money if they leaf New Orleans.)
It's bad in Chicago, but it could be worse. They already have a two-way stud who ranks third in Real Plus-Minus and is under contract through 2019, at which point, assuming Butler qualifies for the Designated Player Exception, they can re-sign them to another lucrative maximum contract if they want. Reshaping themselves as an attractive free-agent destination isn't impossible, but getting there while Butler is still an All-Star won't be easy.
And that's why this is so complicated for the Bulls. The two smoothest paths to championship contention are anything but: either lose Butler, or trade them with no promise of getting another franchise player anytime soon.
Want to read more stories like this from VICE Sports? Subscribe to our daily newsletter.
PRINCETON, N.J. -- Barack Obama's job approval rating reached the symbolic 50% mark in the latest three-day average from Gallup Daily tracking. Obama's approval rating has been in the mid-40% range for much of the latter half of 2010. They last hit 50% approval in a three-day average near the end of May/beginning of June.
The latest results are based on Gallup Daily tracking conducted Dec. 28-29 and Jan. 2. Gallup did not conduct its daily poll Dec. 30-Jan. 1.
It is not yet clear if Obama's approval rating will stay above 50% in the coming days; their approval rating in each of the individual days comprising the latest three-day average has remained near the 50% mark. The current 50% average over the last three days could reflect a temporary increase in optimism that Gallup sometimes sees at the beginning of a new year. The latest numbers also come at a time when the president was on vacation in Hawaii and out of the political spotlight, following a highly publicized pre-Christmas session with Congress that resulted in the passage of several major pieces of legislation.
Obama's current approval rating is 80% among Democrats, 47% among independents, and 16% among Republicans in the three most recent days of polling. The figures for independents and Republicans are slightly higher than what Gallup has measured for Obama in recent weeks.
Obama reached 50% on several occasions in early 2010, including averaging 50% or better for full weeks in January, February, April, and May. However, they were never able to sustain ratings above that level for more than two weeks at a time. The last time their weekly averages were 50% or higher for three consecutive weeks was at the end of 2009 and beginning of 2010.
More broadly, Obama's three-day approval averages in 2010 ranged between a low of 41% in mid-August and again in late October to a high of 53% in mid-February.
Gallup will have more on Obama's yearly figures once their full second year in office is complete on Jan. 19.
Explore Obama's approval ratings in depth and compare them with those of past presidents in the Gallup Presidential Job Approval Center.
Senate Democrats on Thursday rallied against Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Chairman Ajit Pai ahead of their pending reconfirmation vote.
The Democrats urged their colleagues to vote against the Republican agency head, railing against their opposition to the Obama-era net neutrality rules and their deregulatory record.
“In my opinion, the vast majority of the actions of Chairman Pai have served to eliminate competitive protections, threaten dangerous industry consolidation, make the internet less free and less open, and weaken critical consumer protections for those most vulnerable,” Sen. Bill Nelson Clarence (Bill) William Nelson2020 party politics in Puerto Rico There is no winning without Latinos as part of your coalition Dem 2020 candidates court Puerto Rico as long nomination contest looms MORE (Fla.), the top Democrat on the Senate Commerce Committee, said on the floor Thursday.
ADVERTISEMENT
A spokesperson for Pai did not immediately respond when asked for comment.
Despite the opposition from Democrats, the Senate voted 55-41 on Thursday afternoon to limit debate on Pai's confirmation vote, which is expected to come Monday.
Pai, who was tapped by President Trump in January to lead the FCC, is pushing through a repeal of the 2015 net neutrality rules, which require internet service providers to treat all web traffic equally. The FCC chairperson opposes the rules, arguing that the agency overstepped its authority in the way it reclassified internet service providers as common carriers.
But Democrats see the regulations as an essential way to protect consumers and prevent service providers from playing favorites when it comes to internet speeds.
Sen. Ron Wyden Ronald (Ron) Lee WydenSenate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Overnight Health Care — Presented by National Taxpayers Union — Top Dems call for end to Medicaid work rules | Chamber launching ad blitz against Trump drug plan | Google offers help to dispose of opioids Top Dems call for end to Medicaid work rules after 18,000 lose coverage in Arkansas MORE (D-Ore.), another outspoken critic of Pai and their agenda, accused them of wanting to let the broadband and telecom industries regulate themselves.
"The fact is Chairman Pai's track record demonstrates they are not in the consumer's corner,” Wyden said in their own floor speech.
REUTERS Denmark has closed its borders with Germany after thousands of refugees cross the country
All road and rail links between Denmark and Germany have been closed to prevent thousands of migrants entering as the rift in Europe deepens further. The migrants were heading north to Sweden, which has become a top destination for refugees after promising to issue residency papers to all Syrian asylum seekers. Having already reached Germany, which has offered similar promises, the migrants decided they wanted to get to Sweden but were forced off trains.
It has led to the Danish government concluding those entering the country are economic migrants as well as refugees. In dramatic scenes, about 300 migrants began making a deadly journey on the E45 motorway – the main road link between Germany and Denmark. A police spokesperson said: "We are trying to talk to them and tell them that it is a really bad idea to walk on the motorway."
REUTERS Refugees hoping to get to Sweden arrived in in Padborg this morning
Denmark's DSB rail operator said trains to and from Germany had been suspended until further notice because of exceptional passport checks. Two trains carrying more than 200 people are being held in Rodby, a major port with ferry links to Germany. Danish police said many migrants are refusing to leave the trains because they do not want to be registered in Denmark, where the new centre-right government has promised to get tough on immigration.
REUTERS Motorway and train links between Germany and Denmark have been closed
What we are facing right now is not only a refugee problem, it is also a migration problem Lars Lokke-Rasmussen
About 3,000 people have entered the country since the weekend - but refugees are reluctant to register in Denmark which has slashed benefits for new arrivals and restricted the right to residency. Danish Prime Minister Lars Lokke-Rasmussen said: "This clearly shows that what we are facing right now is not only a refugee problem, it is also a migration problem." Denmark's decision to close its transport links with Germany comes after the European Commission announced its plan to distribute 120,000 additional asylum seekers between European Union (EU) members. Britain, Ireland and Denmark are not legally bound to take part. But Denmark is part of the EU's Schengen zone, where borders are meant to be open to allow free movement.
REUTERS Many refugees are refusing to leave the trains to avoid being registered in Denmark
Many of those fleeing Islamic State (ISIS) in Syria and Iraq want to resettle in Germany or Sweden, which have generous policies for refugees compared to other EU states. Police spokesperson Carsten Andersen said: "We know that many of them want to go to Sweden, but naturally we cannot let that happen. "So right now, we have asked them to start a dialogue. We are waiting patiently for some of them to agree to that and stick their heads out of the trains." Justice Minister Søren Pind said they were cutting short a trip to the United States to return to Denmark.
At Home In Fantasy's Nerd-Built Worlds
Once, in an age long past, "epic" was a dirty word.
Way back when I was a young nerd growing up in the Midwest in the 1980s — long before I became a professional writer — histories of magic rings and chronicles of ancient evils were not exactly mainstream fare. Indeed, to publicize one's knowledge of Elvish sword-names and Orcish myth was to contract a kind of voluntary leprosy.
But it would seem that age has passed. In recent years, American culture has fallen in love with epic fantasy. Film versions of J.R.R. Tolkien's Middle-earth books have grossed more than $3 billion. Tens of millions of viewers have tuned in to Game of Thrones, HBO's adaptation of George R.R. Martin's A Song of Ice and Fire. And next week the concluding volume of the late Robert Jordan's Wheel of Time series is almost certain to debut at No. 1 on The New York Times best-seller list.
What is it that draws millions of readers and viewers to these works? Surely, the vast casts of compelling characters and the harrowing, twist-filled plots have something to do with it. But there are other genres that scratch those itches. What is it about fantasy?
A few years ago, I was fortunate enough to attend an informal lecture/pep talk for up-and-coming fantasy writers by the man Time called "the American Tolkien," the now-world-famous Martin. The grizzled master described the very early days of Tolkien's cult popularity to a room of us wide-eyed newbies. When college students and hippies started hanging up Lord of the Rings posters, Martin pointed out, "It wasn't the book covers or some artist's conception of Frodo that went on our walls. It was the map of Middle-earth."
In other words, more than the profound lessons on the corrupting influence of power, more than the stirring battle scenes, more even than beloved characters like Frodo and Sam, readers came to Tolkien's books for the rich, magical world that they built out of their words. Martin has taken this lesson to heart in their work — as have some of their most successful contemporaries, like the late Jordan — pulling fans into constructed worlds every bit as elaborate as Tolkien's. And readers, it seems, can't get enough. Indeed, for many readers and no few writers of fantasy, world-building is the very heart of our genre.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Al Bodgan
Roughly put, world-building is the attempt to describe an invented, fantastic world by cataloging that world's history, geography, languages, religions, economy and so forth. It's a way of nudging the reader into Coleridge's "willing suspension of disbelief" through the accumulation of telling details. It sets readers and writers asking and answering a sometimes jarring array of questions, ranging from "Does this world have (a) God(s)?" and "Does it hold true good and evil?" to "How fast do the boats go?" and "What are the orcs' loincloths made out of?"
Not all novelists, nor all readers in the field, are interested in such literalism and mundane detail, of course. Some of the most talented and challenging fantasy writers of recent years have indicted the genre's world-building fetish. "How can we map every corner of a nonexistent place?" acclaimed British novelist China Mieville has asked. "Why do we want to?" And M. John Harrison, one of contemporary fantasy's most inventive writers, raised quite a stir a few years back when they raised doubts about "the psychological type of the world-builder," famously disparaging world-building as "the great clomping foot of nerdism."
Even among writers and readers who agree upon the importance of world-building, there is great disagreement over how to do it right. A thousand blog posts have been launched arguing over how much detail ought to be revealed to the reader. Jordan's Wheel of Time series, in particular, is a sort of perennial target of parody, even among die-hard fans, padded as it can be with relentless descriptions of clothing, hairstyles, furniture and food. And Martin can spend page after exhausting page detailing the coat-of-arms of every attendee at a royal banquet. For readers used to the protocols of literary fiction, novels that come with glossaries and appendices can feel distinctly like homework.
But at its best, work that prioritizes world-building offers pleasures that just can't be found in other sorts of literature, the joy of traveling to, as Tolkien put it, "a Secondary World which your mind can enter." The type of immersion that a massive built world provides is unique. It's an almost physical sense of getting lost somewhere that isn't home, but which comes to be home. A sense that one is walking, sometimes even dancing, on a tightrope between the fantastic and the mundane. As with the Thousand and One Nights, which so often — and yes, clompingly — mentions things like which vegetables were just bought or who the monarch was at a given time, the modern fantasy novel's nerdy attendance to world-building gives it a strange mimetic heft not present in, say, fairy tales.
Like a detailed model railroad the size of a football field, or a small city of fully furnished dollhouses, the well-built fantasy world astonishes us with the vastness of its intricacies. And from this wood, paint, cloth, metal, and hours and hours of painstaking nerds' work, a kind of magic is made.
Saladin Ahmed's debut novel, Throne of the Crescent Moon, received starred reviews from Kirkus, Publishers Weekly and Library Journal, and was selected as one of Barnes and Noble Book Club's Best Fantasies of 2012. You can find them online at www.saladinahmed.com.
Canada lost nearly 40,000 jobs in July – the latest manifestation of an economy stuck awkwardly between recession and recovery.
The sharp drop in employment last month, led by losses in the public sector, comes just two months after the economy turned in a record monthly job gain of nearly 100,000. Since January, the job numbers have ranged from a drop of 54,500 to a surge of 95,000.
Volatility, it seems, has suddenly become the new normal in the Canadian job market. The situation mirrors scattered signals globally, with the U.S. showing strength, China slowing down and the European Union still far from a solution for its entrenched economic malaise.
Story continues below advertisement
"Given the stage of the cycle, this is unusual," Derek Burleton, deputy chief economist at Toronto-Dominion Bank, said of the gyrations. "It's been an up-and-down ride, to say the least."
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce economist Avery Shenfeld complained Friday of suffering from a bad "case of neck strain" following the wildly bouncing numbers.
David Rosenberg, chief economist and global strategist at Gluskin Sheff, downplayed the importance of the July figures, pointing out that the longer-term trend still points to modest job growth. "In the span of three months – if you believe these figures – Canada has gone from boom to bust," they said.
July's national unemployment rate edged up a notch to 7.2 per cent from 7.1 per cent in June, Statistics Canada reported Friday. Particularly hard-hit was Quebec, where the jobless rate jumped 0.3 percentage points to 8.2 per cent, and employment fell by 30,000.
The largest contributor to the overall 39,400 drops in employment was a loss of 74,000 in the public sector, partly offset by gains in manufacturing, utilities and pockets of the service sector.
Government cutbacks are finally taking a toll on workers. Public sector jobs are down 1.6 per cent so far this year, with seven out of 10 provinces experiencing declines.
"This is a sea change from 2012 when 32 per cent of jobs created in Canada were in the public sector," National Bank chief economist Stéfane Marion pointed out in a research note.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
The other big losers were young workers in what was apparently a bad summer for student job seekers. Employment among 15 to 24-year-olds dropped 46,000, leaving the jobless rate for this bracket unchanged at 13.9 per cent.
Economists said extreme employment volatility is partly a measurement problem by Statscan, but also a function of an economy struggling to find a new economic engine. Investments in homes and large natural resource projects are no longer driving growth, as they were earlier in the cycle. And a lift from the improving U.S. economy is still not bearing fruit for many exporters.
A report this week by TD said Canada job numbers have shown unusual volatility over the past 18 months, based on an analysis of historic trends. The report said the uncertain economic environment is affecting hiring decisions.
Scotiabank economist Dov Zigler said the monthly numbers are less telling than the longer-term trend, which shows sluggish job growth and an economy struggling to gain traction.
"You have to look at the jobs' numbers in terms of a number of months," Mr. Zigler said. "At the end of the day, it's a telephone survey. It's prone to volatility. It has a margin of error. The best way to look at it is in terms of the big picture and not to get too caught up in the temporary factors that show up in one month."
So far this year, the economy has generated an average of just 6,000 jobs a month. That compares to a monthly average of 20,000 over the past two decades.
Story continues below advertisement
Take the average of the past three months, and employment is up a respectable, if unexciting, 18,400.
Mr. Zigler blamed a "rebalancing" under way as the housing and natural resource sectors step back as the drivers of the economy. "The hand-off to U.S.-driven growth hasn't happened yet," they said.
In a familiar refrain, Kelly Dixon, president of job posting web site Workopolis, said job prospects remain quite good in parts of the country, particularly Alberta and Saskatchewan. The two western provinces, with enviable jobless rates of 4.5 per cent and 4 per cent respectively in July, are at near full-employment, Ms. Dixon said.
Also in high demand are skilled trades and construction workers. Across the country, the number of advertised jobs is up 7 per cent from a year ago, Ms. Dixon added.
The longer-term trend is slow, but at least it's positive, they said, noting that the economy has added 226,000 jobs over the past 12 months – a 1.3 per cent increase.
"It's sluggish improvement, but it's improvement," Ms. Dixon said.
Photo
The Bronx High School of Science has churned out slightly more than its share of Nobel Prize winners in physics over the years: seven, going back to 1972, more than any high school in the country.
But the public school had never been able to boast a Nobel in chemistry until today, when Dr. Robert J. Lefkowitz, class of '59 and a professor at Duke University‘s medical center, was one of two American scientists awarded the prize for their work figuring out how the human body's cells respond to external signals — for example, speeding the heart when danger approaches.
As the school noted on its Facebook page, “Bronx Science has now surpassed Australia and has tied with Norway, which also has eight Nobel Laureates.”
Dr. Lefkowitz told The Times the big news would force them to postpone a much-needed haircut.
I said, quite a while back, that I was concerned about the US' ability to advance to the hexagonal. Obviously tonight's result in Kingston is a data point that shows I was within my rights to be concerned.
To put it into context: The US had not lost a qualifier that mattered to a Caribbean team since 1969 (credit to US soccer journalist emeritus Michael Lewis for that nugget). We hadn't walked on the moon yet. There was no such thing as "ESPN," let alone "beIn Sport." Jurgen Klinsmann was five years old.
This was a big deal. It doesn't mean the US is out, but it does mean we've got trouble.
If you can't possess, you shouldn't play narrow
And if you play narrow, you have to possess.
Klinsmann was handed the US job with the specific task of instituting a new, possession-oriented style. And for the most part, people have left them alone, taking a "wait and see" attitude as they try to implement a transformation.
The main issue I have with this is that the results, thus far, have been unimpressive. Yeah, the US got those 1-0 wins at Italy and Mexico, but those wins had waaaay more to do with great goalkeeping and a few timely interventions than they did with keeping the ball. Even against Antigua & Barbuda, which was as unimpressive as a 3-1 win could be, the US were hardly dominant in stringing together long series of passes.
So the question is twofold: Does Klinsmann have the team to play a possession game? And if so, is they lining them up to do just that?
I'd say the answer to the second is "yes", but the answer to the first, with this squad, anyway, is "no." A US team that omits the most skillful midfielders in favor of multiple d-mids is not designed to hold the ball.
And, unfortunately, with the narrowness of the formation, they weren't designed to hit on the break, either. It's not a catch-22, it's just the wrong players.
Speaking of...
I still can't figure out what Jermaine Jones brings to the table
No one on the pitch was worse than him. No one.
Jones doesn't connect passes particularly well going forward, and he's not disciplined enough to play as a true d-mid. He's also poor in traffic, which means he's a turnover machine when two men run at him. Playing them as a true No. 8 (where they were played vs. Jamaica) is slow suicide.
The only thing Jones really adds is a fair share of simulation (blech) and effort tracking back in transition. But there are plenty of guys in the pool - younger, more skillful, more disciplined - who offer effort, as well.
Clint Dempsey is not a distributor
Deuce is one of the four most talented US field players in our history, but if you're relying on them to ignite the offense you're probably in trouble. He's a 9 1/2, not a No. 10, and that means they need good service and someone to combine with right off theirs shoulder.
Playing them behind two true forwards can be done, but not if there's zero width and not if none of the three d-mids behind them can get them the ball where they need it. This was ugly as sin.
And Tuesday is suddenly a must-win affair. Gird your loins.
NEW DELHI: In its bid to decongest the Delhi-Gurgaon stretch of NH-8 , the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has prepared a plan to complete a slew of projects with an investment of at least Rs 8,000 crore in the next three years, including the Dwarka Expressway The expressway, aimed at reducing traffic load on the highway, will take off from Shiv Murti in Mahipalpur and join NH-8 near Kherki Dhaula. Highways minister Nitin Gadkari is scheduled to inaugurate three projects on Monday and lay foundation stone for two more. A couple of projects are set to be completed by March next year. NHAI officials said bids for improvement of Gurgaon-Badshahpur - six-lane highway with service roads - have been invited and it will require Rs 1,700 crore investment. The 4.75 km section between Subhash Chowk and Badshahpur will be elevated.The other major project is building of Dwarka Expressway. The 28-km stretch project has been divided into four packages. Work on all packages will start by March 2018 and it will take a maximum of three years for their completion.All these projects were supposed to be completed by now to decongest the expressway. Failure of successive governments in Delhi and Haryana resulted in unmanageable traffic coming onto the expressway, causing congestion."Proving alternative connectivity, including the Dwarka Expressway and two urban extension roads, were part of the Master Plan when the Gurgaon expressway was built. Since these roads did not come up in time, the expressway got overcrowded and now during peak hours it works like any other city road," said an official, who was involved in the development of Gurgaon Expressway.The NHAI work plan also includes building a bypass to Rangpuri to connect Dwarka and NH-8 with Vasant Kunj through Nelson Mandela Marg. "The feasibility study is underway and the work is likely to be awarded by January," an NHAI official said. For over a decade, there have been plans to build three new road links between Delhi and Gurgaon to decongest both Gurgaon Expressway and MG road. While the plan on Dwarka and Gurgaon link is ready to take off, there is no sign of work starting on the road between Vasant Kunj and DLF-II. The oother link from MG Road to Gurgaon-Faridabad Road has also made no progress, though both the states and Delhi Development Authority have held several rounds of talks.
Altamonte Crossfit's Mattie Rogers, 17, of Apopka, Fla. was crowned Varsity Gauntlet Champion after winning first place the women's varsity division of CrossFit Kids Teen Gauntlet held in Carson, CA in conjunction with the Reebok CrossFit Games.
Rogers, who grew up in a gymnastics gym, teamed up with USA Weightlifting and CrossFit coach Danny Camargo of Altamonte Crossfit just over a year ago. After competing and posting their scores in the annual CrossFit Open, Teen Gauntlet organizers extended one of 12 select invitations for them to come to California, pitting them against the best of the best, and the future of the rapidly growing sport.
They were tied going into the third and final test, which came down to the last nine reps of the workout. Rogers said "I knew I was tied for first place going into WOD 3, but didn't know I actually captured the gold medal until Coach Danny ran up to me to celebrate minutes after all the other girls were done. I was just trying to perform at my best, and I feel I did. I was excited to hear I actually won."
"Mattie was a great sportsman,” said Camargo. “After they solidified the win, there were several other athletes still executing their movements, and under fatigue, Mattie walked over and cheered their competition on right next to them. Mattie has the full package. She's a stud. She's only 17. She's got a big future ahead of her.”
ggreen@tribune.com Follow Gary W. Green on Twitter @garywgreen. Like us on Facebook: Orlando Sentinel Photography.
Our Needle in the Hay vinyl comp wouldn't be happening if it weren't for the legends at Zenith Records, straight up. As the only vinyl pressing facility in Australia, they're fighting the good fight in a landscape that is falling back in love with the old format in a very big way.
As much as they're killing it right now, it's no easy task to get an operation like Zenith Records up and running. We recently caught up with Paul Rigby, the boss man down at the Brunwick factory, who was happy to shed some light on where Zenith came from, and where it will go from here.
What does it take to establish and run the only vinyl pressing plant in Australia? We sit down with Paul Rigby, director of Zenith Records.
HAPPY: How was the lead-up to Record Store Day? Must be just about the event of the year for Zenith.
PAUL: It's always a big lead up to RSD, but not necessarily the mad frantic dash it perhaps has been in the past. We've found that our customers give themselves plenty of lead time to ensure they have stock one to two months ahead of RSD.
One of the luxuries we enjoy is that customers who've been offshore in the past are always allowing us the two or three month lead times they've needed to get stock when we've been able to turn records around much quicker. We were able to accomodate a lot of last minute 7” jobs, a couple of which we turned around in weeks and delivered in time.
HAPPY: Did you grab yourself any vinyl?
PAUL: I drove past a few shops on my way in to the factory to do some breakdown maintenance on the Saturday, with the intention of popping in and saying hi. I was blown away by the crowds and lack of car parking, so I just kept on driving. After all, we needed to ensure a few mechanical issues were ironed out for production on the Monday.
For us, Record Store Day never ends, there's always a release date, a launch date or an event that simply has to have product at, so not a lot changes.
Some of my fave RSD releases I enjoyed that we did here are The Pinheads (Farmer & The Owl), Hiroshi and Claudia , reissue of an obscure 70s Australian funk/disco release that was originally a custom pressing and brought back to life through Votary/Northside Records. There were any number of great vinyl releases we did in the lead up to RSD but weren't necessarily RSD exclusives which we've enjoyed over the past few months.
HAPPY: Zenith is the only dedicated vinyl pressing facility in Australia. Can you talk about the origins of the project and why you think nobody else has felt game enough to launch something similar?
PAUL: We pretty much took over the only operating vinyl rig in Australia, so the hard work was done in the 1990s when Corduroy put the backbone of the plant together when presses were being shipped to the scrapyard. We've overhauled the pre-existing equipment and added additional presses, boilers, and galvanics so that what we have produces world class product.
While at times, prior to 2013 under different ownership, Zenith perhaps had not been the most market orientated operation, it had become easier for many customers to source their pressings with greater certainty from offshore plants. Moving Zenith to its present location and concentrating on continual improvement are what we've been about since that time.
At the time I took over, I had at my disposal the plant and equipment of a pressing plant right here in Melbourne – it just needed the dedication, hard work and application to bring it up to being a reliable operation. To start from scratch without having access to pre-existing equipment, until recently meant that old presses needed to be sourced from offshore and overhauled to the exacting specifications to ensure production.
With every other plant and interested party across the globe scrambling to access old gear, it's only been in the last two years that new pressing equipment has become available and the investment required to set up from scratch is a lot more considerable. With the Zenith plant, we also inherited the “secrets of the grail”, the procedures involved for all steps of the process, from cutting to silvering and plating and press operation, which we have enhanced and modified to get the best out of each step. We're also fortunate enough to have our own Neumann VMS70 cutting lathe that allows us to carry out all cutting in house, unlike many plants in the US who rely on third parties to do so.
While there are companies at present making new presses and plating equipment, there are no new cutting lathes being built which has meant that our lathe has almost doubled in value since we valued the plant four years ago.
The big issue facing prospective investors looking at getting into vinyl pressing would be the lack of certainty of a return on an investment in this game while there are many other lucrative ventures that money would be better spent. Run sizes locally are rather small compared to rest of the world and a lot of the large titles are shipped into Australia which have been pressed in bigger numbers, a fraction of which shipped out here for local demand.
Then, there's the perennial question of “How long till the vinyl bubble bursts?”
HAPPY: What's the current setup look like at Zenith? How many presses are you running and are there any more on the way?
PAUL: We're currently running three presses – two 12” presses and one 7” press. We have two automatic presses awaiting commissioning and some parts that are currently in the UK. We are looking at installing another three semi-automatic presses later this year so we can offer 10” records and picture discs. We will also be adding an extra four galvanic cells to lift our plating output.
HAPPY: How have the last few years, given vinyl's growing popularity, affected Zenith Records?
PAUL: It's allowed us to ensure full time employment of eight people and continually improve what we do and how we do it. It's also meant that we've had to ensure that our presses are in continuous operation and any money gained has gone back into further investment.
Last year we installed a new steam boiler to allow us to have sufficient steam pressure (record pressing relies on steam heating the plates under pressure and cooled water to set each record) to reduce our cycle times and have reserve steam pressure to put more presses in line. To get the pressure balances right meant that we fell behind with output and put in a lot of hours to get this right. While the back end of our operation (steam and water) are common industrial installations, the exacting nature of our requirements and limited tolerances are rare in other industries.
We found ourselves having to eliminate numerous variables, many unrelated to resume consistency and ensure we had good records pressed. While we were experiencing delays, and turnarounds did extend, we were still delivering faster than offshore.
HAPPY: Where do you see the world of vinyl after a few more years of upwards growth? How will artists and facilities like Zenith have to adapt to the changing market?
PAUL: When I embarked on getting Zenith on its feet again, we envisaged a five year window of the popularity and demand that we're currently enjoying. That was four years ago. There are always indicators to suggest that maybe vinyl has peaked and that the increase in sales figures of vinyl records has more to do with more accurate reporting of actual sales.
When a plant receives an email from a larger offshore plant looking for overflow work (work that we need a hand with if our capacity is stretched) then it's an interesting scenario in that the larger plant has more capacity than it has orders for, which is something not heard of until recently. We're presently discussing moving our cutting room to a larger premise that will allow us to offer live-to-lacquer recordings. This was something Corduroy used to do and a thing that inspired Jack White, when The White Stripes toured in the late 90s and did a recorded gig at the Corduroy plant. Unfortunately the single never saw the light of day, but there were a few others that saw release and they sound fantastic.
We also (quite by a stroke of luck) acquired a dedicated Studer tape machine with a tape head configuration designed specifically for working in tandem with a cutting lathe for cutting directly from tape. Within a couple of months we'll be able to accept 1/4” tape masters for cutting and cater to the purists who wish to bypass the digital realm altogether.
HAPPY: Being based in Brunswick, you're pretty close to the beating heart of vinyl in Australia. Has your location played a big part in Zenith's identity and growth?
PAUL: I wouldn't say so. Being in Brunswick means that many of our Melbourne customers enjoy the convenience of our proximity, but we are supplying records Australia-wide as well as doing lots of exports to Malaysia, Chile, Indonesia, Singapore, Canada and the US.
We'd all rather be coming to work in Brunswick that trekking out to the outer suburbs to a cheaper industrial location. Most of our employees live nearby and either walk or ride bikes to work. We've been lucky with our lease as our landlord loves what we do and has been fully supportive of our tenure.
HAPPY: Were you involved in the Melbourne/Australian music scene before becoming involved in Zenith? In what capacity?
PAUL: I'd been involved in CDs, digital media and printed packaging prior to taking on Zenith. Initially I cut my teeth with cassettes in the 90s, then ran a CD plant, then went into brokering discs and organising printed packaging.
In the last company I worked, we set up an arrangement with a European record manufacturer as the Australian agent, which was fun but fraught owing to the lead times, the language barrier and the problem with how to resolve any problems once stock arrived. For me, the need for a functional Australian record pressing operation was badly needed and the opportunity to put some hard work in making this a reality with the by and large, under utilised Zenith plant was a no brainer.
The logistics of setting up at a new site was no mean feat and it involved 12-14 hour days, six to seven days per week for four months.
HAPPY: Being a bit of a singularity in Australia, do you find the artists often want to involve themselves in or witness the pressing process?
PAUL: Sometimes – customers will often want to attend cutting or take pics or videos of their jobs being pressed.
HAPPY: It would be wrong to finish this interview without asking about your own record collection. Have you been a long time collector and do you have any all-time treasures?
PAUL: Not really. I still have vinyl I bought in the 80s which I'll still give a spin. When CDs came in, I kept buying vinyl but I would not really call myself a collector, I just never stopped buying vinyl and found that when everyone was trading in their record collections and replacing it with CDs, there suddenly was a lot of hard too get stuff up for sale in the 90s.
The thing was, back when I was teenager all my money from the various part time jobs I had gone on buying records. Now I get a whole of satisfaction by being involved in making records as well as having a budget to buy new records for purely “research reasons” to always keep a feel for the quality (and often poor quality) of new pressings in the market.
You can check out Zenith Records on Facebook or their website.
Needle in the Hay is a vinyl competition targeting the next wave of musical talent in Australia (and now NZ). Enter here for the chance to win 250 copies of your EP or album printed at Zenith Records.
Time is running out for the 79-year-old Pattullo Bridge.
A study presented to TransLink's board of directors this month suggests the bridge may not be able to withstand high winds or an earthquake.
A report said the bridge “was not designed to meet current wind and seismic loading standards, and as a result, may be vulnerable in terms of withstanding a seismic or high wind event.”
“The report that we received today definitely highlights the serious condition that the Pattullo Bridge is [in],” New Westminster Mayor Jonathan X. Cote said.
A closer look into the structural integrity of the bridge, which underwent major repairs over the summer, found that it may be necessary to close the bridge in high winds.
An engineering firm is now looking at ways to monitor wind and seismic events to determine if the bridge, which connects New Westminster with Surrey, needs to be shut down. It has also been learned that the bridge needs to be closed permanently by 2022 or 2023.
“If there is even a delay of a year or two in this process, we may run the risk of having to close the existing Pattullo Bridge before a new bridge is ready to be opened.”
In a statement, TransLink said public consultations on the new bridge's design will start in the coming weeks. It did not address the possibility that New Westminster and Surrey could be without a bridge, possibly for months, if there are any delays in building the new span.
– With files from Ted Chernecki
China reports additional H7N9 avian influenza case in Shenzhen
The Health and Family Planning Commission of Guangdong Province (GDHFPC) has reported an additional human case of avian influenza A(H7N9) in Shenzhen, according to a Hong Kong Centre for Health Protection (CHP) today.
The patient is a 58-year-old male with underlying illnesses. They were hospitalized for treatment in serious condition.
To date, 485 human cases of avian influenza A(H7N9) have been reported by the Mainland health authorities, respectively in Zhejiang (145 cases), Guangdong (125 cases), Jiangsu (63 cases), Shanghai (43 cases), Fujian (28 cases), Hunan (24 cases), Anhui (17 cases), Jiangxi (nine cases), Xinjiang (nine cases), Shandong (six cases), Beijing (five cases), Henan (four cases), Guangxi (three cases), Jilin (two cases), Guizhou (one case) and Hebei (one case).
This brings the cumulative total to 501 cases since March 2013, which includes 11 imported cases seen in Hong Kong, one in Malaysia and four in Taiwan.
For more infectious disease news and information, visit and “like” the Infectious Disease News Facebook page
by Hye Sung Francis Gehring.
I remember falling in love with Jesus my junior year of high school. God received me, embraced me, didn't ask questions. God loved me.
And then I started getting to know Christians.
I went to an end-times Bible study most Saturday mornings my senior year of high school. We listened to recordings of teachings from Mike Bickle, founder of the International House of Prayer – Kansas City, a charismatic ministry with a mission of praying and worshiping 24/7.
It was a small Bible study. Usually there were just three or four of us. We ate bagels, sat in fold-out chairs in a circle, often huddled around a space heater. We listened to Bickle describe the dreadful days that were coming, and every so often one of us would exclaim “Wow!” or “Amen!”
But there was this one moment. I looked around the room. Nobody had their eyes open. They were concentrating on Bickle, trying to soak up every word. It dawned on me that they really believed the end times were approaching, that the day was near. I didn't know if I believed that.
I felt bad.
Bickle talked about riots, literal battles between the righteous and unrighteous. It didn't remind me of Jesus.
That's how it's been for me. I want to be orthodox, to be right, to fit in. More than anything, I want to be in a community of people who know the God I know, who know what it is to be loved with abandon. But this weird thing happens where for some reason I have to choose between Christ and community. And every time I've conformed myself to the expectations of a faith community, I've had to resist the love I first met in Jesus.
I think that's toxic. I think it's abuse. It took me a long time to see that.
Much of what we know as Evangelicalism doesn't look or sound like Jesus.
But there's another side to the story. Sitting in that circle, realizing that maybe I didn't belong, I noticed a change in the words we were hearing. Bickle began talking about the Church being used to usher in the Kingdom of God on earth by embodying the Sermon on the Mount, by trusting Jesus.
And I knew.
That's why I'm here. That's a message I can believe in. But what is it exactly? Bickle's eschatological narrative calls for us to convert people, pointing to a kingdom that is somewhere else and for another time.
But in Jesus, that kingdom is already here, among us, waiting for us to notice. Waiting for us with love.
Hye Sung Francis Gehring is an amateur pneumatologist, a pentecostal Quaker, and a friend of God & man.
86 SHARES Share Tweet
Advertisement
Every now and then we are amazed by the commitment some people show and by how much they are dedicated to their line of work. For what may seem boring and of no use to others may very well be something that certain people take pleasure in doing. Let's just dive into the topic of the day; a homemade submarine. This one qualifies to be one of the largest and well, most, sophisticated homemade submarine on earth. The submarine is known as ‘Euronaut' and has been built by a team which comprises of engineers and technicians who worked with Carsten Standfuss, a German Naval Architect. Moving onto specifications of this submarine; it is 16 meters in length and has a surfaced displacement of about 60 tons. Euronaut has a working depth of 250 meters. This next set of information will do justice to our opening lines; the design alone of this project took a span of twelve years to complete and the next twelve years were spent executing it mostly on weekends and holidays during leisure time.
The key idea behind the construction of this homemade submarine was to use it for wreck diving and investigations that are carried out underground. The project was developed as a research vessel and diver support on a non-commercial basis. The submarine requires a crew of three to six persons and is equipped with a diving chamber while allowing staying underwater for about a week. Euronaut is diesel electric submarine with a 192 Hp diesel engine coupled with a 55 Hp electric motor which has a lead battery that weighs 4 tons. All this assembly has made possible for Euronaut to travel at an amazing speed of 8 knots when it is surfaced and 5 knots when it is submerged. For a journey of 250 nautical miles, the submarine carries about 250 gallons of diesel oil which is equivalent to 1,000 liters. Given that comparatively speaking, the submarine is smaller but what it lacks in volume it makes up when it comes to the features which it has to offer; an optronic mast, multi-beam sonar, side scan, air filters, compressors and satellite navigation. The construction was carried out near Bremen in Germany and the site was very close to the designer's house. The sea trials of this submarine are taking place at the Baltic Sea, Rostock, Germany.
Let's take a break from Euronaut and talk about The Architect here; Carsten Standfuss. The guy is not new to submarine construction, they hold a Guinness Book of Records' record of smallest fully functional manned submersible in the world. This submarine, Sgt. Peppers, weighed just about half a ton and was completed by them at the age of 19. The completion of Euronaut has led our architect to fulfilling their childhood dream of owning a research vessel as well!
Advertisement
The two images above show typical depictions of the planet Venus. The left image is close to what your eye would see if you were in orbit - extremely thick cloud cover. On the right is the radar height map returned by NASA's Magellan probe in the early 1990s. The false colors in the map highlight geological features for scientists to examine, but they do not accurately reflect the appearance of the surface, and to the layperson give the impression that the surface is made of lava.
This next image shows the only two color photos of the surface of Venus, taken in the late 80s by the Soviet Venera probes. The surface is made of a dark, crusty basalt rock. The sky is a deep ominous yellow. My goal with this visualization is to use the Magellan height data in conjunction with guidance from the Venera images to hint at what any terrain on Venus would look like in full color.
Eve: Gunjack Now at Over 500,000 Units Sold
While it's already known that the PlayStation VR is selling very, very well, it seems we now know what the best selling PSVR game is to date.
In a chat with GamesIndustry, CCP Games CEO Hilmar Veigar Petursson revealed that sci-fi shooter Eve: Gunjack has now crossed the 500,000 units sold barrier. This figure, muses Petursson, means that Gunjack is the best selling PSVR to date — at least as far as we know.
There were a lot of releases on the VR front. And even if the VR market is in its early stages, if you're fortunate enough to have started early and really worked hard at it you can have success in the VR space. Gunjack now has sold over a half-million copies, which I think is a record – I'm certainly gonna claim it until somebody tells me they've sold more.
PSVR or no PSVR, 500K units sold is nothing to sneeze at. It's just a tad more impressive when you factor in the PSVR thing, no? If you still haven't picked it up, check out our review to see whether it's your cup of tea.
Do you think there's a PSVR game that sold more than Gunjack? If so, which one?
[Source: Games Industry via MCV]
ROXANA HEGEMAN, Associated Press - WICHITA, Kan. (AP) - The top election official in Kansas has asked a Sedgwick County judge to block the release of voting machine tapes sought by a Wichita mathematician who is researching statistical anomalies favoring Republicans in counts coming from large precincts in the November 2014 general election.
Secretary of State Kris Kobach argued that the records sought by Wichita State University mathematician Beth Clarkson are not subject to the Kansas open records act, and that their disclosure is prohibited by Kansas statute. Their response, which was faxed Friday to the Sedgwick County District Court, was made public Monday.
Clarkson, chief statistician for the university's National Institute for Aviation Research, filed the open records lawsuit as part of their personal quest to find the answer to an unexplained pattern that transcends elections and states.
They want the hard-copies to check the error rate on electronic voting machines that were used in a voting station in Sedgwick County to establish a statistical model.
Clarkson said in an email they did not have any comment about Kobach's answer to their lawsuit yet because they hadn't done more than skim it.
"I don't see anything in there about why I shouldn't be allowed access other than there is no official channel for private citizens to get access to those records. Therefore, no access allowed," Clarkson said.
Clarkson, a certified quality engineer with a Ph.D. in statistics, has analyzed election returns in Kansas and elsewhere over several elections that indicate "a statistically significant" pattern where the percentage of Republican votes increase the larger the size of the precinct. The pattern could be voter fraud or a demographic trend that has not been picked up by extensive polling.
In response to their lawsuit, Kobach also contended they are not the custodian of records kept by the Sedgwick County Elections Commissioner Tabitha Lehman.
Lehman told a Sedgwick County District Court judge in a separate filing last week that production of the tapes would be "unnecessarily burdensome" because the material cannot be easily copied. Each person's vote in the 2013 election takes up about 27½ inches of the electronic machine's paper trail. Each roll from the 2014 election is 385 feet long, and stored in 42 boxes that are not segregated by precinct or voting district.
Kobach and Lehman also both argued in their separate filings that the identical issues were presented by Clarkson and were previously rejected in a 2013 open records lawsuit that they had filed.
It is well-known we young Canadians are politically disengaged. The dominant media narrative says we waste our time on our smartphones and living in our parents' basements, giving not a moment's thought to politics.
This is a myth. Last week, Statistics Canada released voter turnout rates for the 2015 federal election. Sixty-seven per cent of Canadians aged 18 to 24 and 70 per cent of Canadians aged 25 to 34 voted.
While these numbers were slightly lower than for older Canadians, they seem healthy enough to me. Turns out some of us consume news as we scroll through Facebook, and even talk to our parents about politics over dinner.
The youth turnout is more impressive considering young voters were the most adversely affected by barriers in the electoral process. Eleven per cent of Canadians aged 18 to 24 did not vote for “electoral process-related” reasons, compared with eight per cent of all non-voters.
These “electoral process-related” reasons include being unable to prove one's identity or address, or not being on the voters' list. Not coincidentally, the 2014 Fair Elections Act tightened the requirements for proving one's identity and address. This change disproportionately affected young Canadians, who move often for work and school.
It affected me. The act made it more difficult for me to prove my address, as I had recently moved when the election was held in October. I didn't have identification with my new address. The Statistics Canada numbers show I was not alone.
Despite the challenges, I did manage to register and vote, because I know voting is important. But I also know voting is not the only measure of civic engagement.
Last year, Samara Canada found that across 18 forms of civic participation, young Canadians' participation rate was 11-per-cent higher than that of older Canadians. As two examples, Canadians aged 18 to 29 were much more likely than older Canadians to organize a public event about politics or sign a petition. Twenty-two per cent of young Canadians had donated money to a candidate or party – exactly the same percentage as Canadians aged 56 and older.
Organizing a public event about politics is no small feat and shows high engagement with our political system. It was gratifying to see that recognized by Samara, a non-partisan charity working to improve Canadian politics.
The Samara report demonstrates what I see with my siblings. I am 27 years old, and was the only millennial in my family to vote in the 2015 election. Neither my 25-year-old brother nor my 22-year-old brother voted.
Yet it is wrong to call them apathetic. One of my brothers is an active member of a political party at the provincial level. The other eloquently and forcefully articulates their opinion on a guaranteed income supplement. Each has strong political views.
Why doesn't this engagement lead to voting? One reason is politicians don't ask young Canadians to vote. Nearly half of people under 30 have not been contacted by a federal political figure, compared to one-quarter of Canadians aged 56 and older.
Canadians who have interacted with a political figure are more likely to believe they are affected by the decisions elected officials make. It's easy to see how that belief turns into showing up at the polls on election day.
Politicians and older Canadians are wrong to mistake young Canadians' slightly lower voter turnout as apathy. My brothers are not apathetic. Neither are young Canadians as a whole.
Yes, there is farther to go. I wish 80 per cent of my peers had voted, like Canadians who are 55 and older. But many of us do vote, and even more participate in the political system in other ways. To describe us as apathetic is inaccurate and condescending.
Allison Jane Smith is an Ottawa-based freelance writer and communications consultant.
Tartu county court finds three men guilty of cooperation with Russian special services and committing crime against the state of Estonia.
At the end of last week a citizen of Estonia, Maksim Gruzdev, aged 32, was found guilty of charges of the Estonian Internal Police and the Office of Prosecutor General. As Ilmar Kahro, the spokesperson of the office of Prosecutor General, told ERR, the man was blamed for establishing and maintaining relationship with Russian special services. The relationship was targeted at impairing the activities of Estonian security departments.
According to the accusation Russian special services recruited Gruzdev in the second half of last year in the territory of Pskov oblast, Russia. Since then and till their detainment Gruzdev had been forwarding to Russian special services information about activities of the employees of Estonian Internal Security Service, and had been participating in operations of the agency.
Gruzdev was sentenced to four years of imprisonment.
Last October a citizen of Estonia, Aleksandr Rudnev, aged 21, was found guilty of crimes against the state in collaboration with Russian special services. Rudnev was recruited for secret cooperation in spring of 2013 in Pskov oblast in Russia and they were able to forward information to Russian special srevices till their detainment last March.
According to the accusation Rudnev was forwarding observation data about activities of Estonian Defence Forces in southern Estonia and information about Estonian Police and Border Guard South Prefecture border guard stations and service locations.
Rudnev was sentenced to two years of imprisonment for crime against the state.
Last October Pavel Romanov, aged 42, citizenship unspecified, was found guilty by the court because they had started cooperation with Russian special services in 1994 in Pskov oblast in Russia, and had been cooperating with Russian special services till their detainment as a suspect last February.
Romanov had been forwarding to special services of a foreign country data about the defence capacity of Estonia and the duties of employees of Estonian border guard and law enforcement agencies.
Romanov was sentenced to four years and 10 months imprisonment, out of which one year and 10 months should be carried out promptly.
Criminal matters were investigated by the Estonian Internal Security Office and the investigation was led by the Office of the Prosecutor General.
French President Emmanuel Macron greets workers at a shipyard in Saint-Nazaire, France. May 31. (Stephane Mahe/Reuters)
Jean Tirole was awarded the Nobel Prize in economics in 2014.  They are chairperson of the Toulouse School of Economics and the Institute for Advanced Study in Toulouse and author of “Economics for the Common Good.”
TOULOUSE, France — France's labor market is under pressure from multiple forces, including the accelerating destruction of jobs and fragile public finances. The country's labor system is inefficient and possibly unsustainable. To remedy this, President Emmanuel Macron urgently needs to upend the status quo to protect workers, rather than jobs.
Workers are not responsible for and have no control over the technological changes or demand shocks their employers face; they must therefore be insured against the risk that their jobs might become obsolete or simply unprofitable. At the same time, firms need flexibility to cope with these supply and demand shocks. Without this, they will be reluctant to create jobs in the first place.
Labor market regulations must reconcile these two objectives. The system that Macron inherited in France does a poor job of meeting these challenges, displaying chronically high unemployment, especially long-term unemployment. Overprotected, “in-for-life” contracts and poor worker mobility deprive firms of flexibility and proper allocation of workers to jobs. And while the system protects the jobs of those lucky enough to have a permanent contract, it excludes many others — notably young workers and workers older than 50 — from stable jobs, pushing them into periods of unemployment, unsatisfactory short-term jobs or early retirement.
In their drastic, although somewhat fragmentary attempted upheaval of the French labor market, Macron's first reform was to raise the legal minimum amount for severance payments for wrongful dismissals by 25 percent, while curbing the ability of courts to force employers to pay higher severance payments. This is a step in the right direction, as the problem is not the legal minimum for severance payments but the protracted court process that follows many dismissals, which often takes several years and eventually yields a random outcome. Macron's reform also gives firms more power to negotiate hours and eases the bureaucratic burden for both multinationals and small businesses.
The government is expected to soon launch the second leg of reforms, focusing on unemployment insurance. Currently, the cost of unemployment benefits does not fall on the companies that actually do the firing. Instead, it falls on those that keep their employees and thus make contributions to the social security fund. This is upside down. Macron's reform would ensure that contributions paid by a given firm to the national unemployment insurance fund are in line with unemployment benefits paid to workers recently laid off by the firm. This is a sensible move that will make firms responsible for their actions.
Increasing accountability for the social cost of a firm's decisions would also eliminate the frequent scam in France wherein voluntary departures are covered up as dismissals by mutual agreement between firms and workers, enabling workers to enjoy time off or early retirement at the expense of the social security system, which pays out the unemployment benefits of the laid off workers without penalizing the employer.
There are other dysfunctional features of the labor market that the French government will have to tackle, including labor code complexity, threshold effects (many firms don't want to grow beyond 50 employees in order to avoid heavy extra obligations), and dominance of industry-level agreements over firm-level agreements. The education, apprenticeship and continuous training trilogy will also be key. International rankings show a very uneven French educational system, with superb education for the top 20 percent and a mediocre offering for the remaining 80 percent. France's apprenticeship program is only about a third the size of Germany's. And professional training costs France nearly $38 billion per year, with poor outcomes.
Will Macron's reforms, if carried through, solve unemployment? It's hard to predict precisely, as increased flexibility will both facilitate dismissals and boost job creation, but there is no reason why France cannot reduce the gap with low-unemployment countries. But policies should also be assessed in the light of other, broader criteria: quality of jobs, competitiveness and public finances. Precarious jobs are unsatisfactory ones. Permanent jobs lead to low labor mobility and to conflicting relationships between management and workers. And the current system imposes a heavy burden on public finances.
The increase in inequality observed in the last 30 years is a serious threat to France's social contract. Inequality may well increase further with coming technological developments, making it even more urgent to find solutions. Many observers of the French labor market fear that reforms will increase inequality. Yet the current system is already terribly unequal: low-skilled, young and over-50 workers often face hard times and lose their dignity.
In the absence of reform, the percentage of job creations via short-term contracts is likely to increase, as no firm will want to create permanent jobs in an era of rapid job obsolescence associated with artificial intelligence and mechanization. Upward mobility has stalled. And the protection of workers will be jeopardized if the heavy public expenditure around the labor market proves to be unsustainable.
Addressing the inequality problem requires a cluster of reforms that will give everyone a shot at a decent job. France's government must do a better job protecting those who lose out because of technological advancements, design a more efficient domestic and international tax system, and create a better-focused education and continuous training system. There is no silver bullet, but inequality won't be solved by adhering to the status quo and the quick fixes of the past.
This was produced by The WorldPost, a partnership of the Berggruen Institute and The Washington Post.
Tarnica Golisano is one of four Freo AFLW players picked up during the free agency period.
The Fremantle Dockers have made the final free-agency selections to bring their AFLW list to its total of 28 players.
Emily Bonser, Taryn Priestly and Gemma Houghton join Tarnica Golisano as Freo's four free agent pickups after the inaugural AFLW draft on 12 October.
Golisano was selected immediately after the draft's conclusion, while Bonser, Priestly and Houghton were notified ahead of today's list lodgement deadline.
Priestly and Houghton are both relatively new to the game, with Priestly coming off an impressive debut season with Swan Districts and featuring in their premiership side.
Wade Spilcker, Fremantle's AFLW academies and community manager, expects to see Priestly make a smooth transition into Freo's ranks.
“Taryn's really picked up the game quickly and adjusted well in the WAWFL. I'm sure we'll see their step up into the AFLW too,” Spilcker said.
“She's got very good skills, especially for someone coming from basketball who only has one year of footy experience.”
Houghton is yet to play a competitive match of footy, but impressed at a talent search held at Emmanuel College in August.
“Gemma went through a few trials and we were really happy with their athleticism,” said senior coach Cowan of Houghton, who posted the best result of the day in the beep test.
“She's a great person as well so we know she'll be a great fit. We've certainly got some development to go through in terms of football knowledge and ability, but she'll be in the right environment to flourish.
“Everyone's a chance to start in round 1 at this stage.”
Bonser, a hard-working midfielder also from Swan Districts' premiership side, said they never gave up on their AFLW dream after initially missing out in the draft.
“It was pretty disappointing but I kept my eyes on the prize and gave Michelle (Cowan) a call maybe about a week after, asking about what positions were left,” Bonser said.
“I think missing out has almost made me hungrier and determined to really work hard and show that I deserve a place. It has definitely put fuel in my fire to continue to prove myself, which is a really good sign.”
Cowan, who said making the call to Bonser was among one of the best aspects of being a coach, is looking forward to seeing how the side shapes up over the coming pre-season, which starts Tuesday 22 November.
“Our free agents complement our list really well, and I'm excited to be submitting these players to the AFL,” Cowan said.
“I'm happy with the way we look. We've got some really good balance, we've got some young players, some new players, we've got some seasoned players and some great leaders so there's a really good balance.
“I'm rapt about where we're at.”
The European Commission has officially announced the selection of the Human Brain Project (HBP) as one of its two Future Emerging Technologies (FET) Flagship projects. The new project will federate European efforts to address one of the greatest challenges of modern science: understanding the human brain.
The goal of the Human Brain Project: Pull together all our existing knowledge about the human brain and reconstruct the brain, piece by piece, in supercomputer-based models and simulations. Such models offer the prospect of a new understanding of the human brain and the diseases that affect it, as well as advancing completely new computing and robotic technologies. The European Commission supported this vision, announcing that it has selected the HBP as one of two projects to be funded through the new FET Flagship Program, which supports highly innovative technology.
Federating more than 80 European and international research institutions, the Human Brain Project are slated to continue for ten years (2013-2023). The total cost is estimated at € 1.19 billion, to be supplied from various sources. The project will be coordinated at the Ecole Polytechnique Federale de Lausanne (EPFL), Switzerland, by neuroscientist Prof. Henry Markram and co-directors Profs. Karlheinz Meier of Heidelberg University, Germany, and Richard Frackowiak of Clinique Hospitaliere Universitaire Vaudoise (CHUV) and the University of Lausanne (UNIL).
Israeli scientists have been involved in the Project from its inception; their significant role is testament to the high position Israeli science holds at the forefront of international brain research. Indeed, Markram, the Project leader, is an alumnus of the Weizmann Institute's Feinberg Graduate School who completed their Ph.D. research in the Institute's Neurobiology Department and later served on its faculty before moving to Lausanne.
Additional research groups may join as the HBP initiates an open call for further research projects. The scientific coordinators of the Israeli section of the HBP are Prof. Idan Segev of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem and Prof. Yadin Dudai of the Weizmann Institute of Science. Dr. Mira Marcus-Kalish of Tel-Aviv University will coordinate medical data mining.
The selection of the Human Brain Project as a FET Flagship is the result of more than three years of preparation and a rigorous, multi-stage evaluation by an independent panel chosen by the European Commission. In the coming months, the partners will negotiate a detailed agreement with the Community for the initial first two-and-a-half-year ramp-up phase ("testing" that will go until mid-2016). The project will begin working in the closing months of 2013.
###
For more information, please contact:
Weizmann Institute Publications and Media Relations Department 972-8-934-3856
Hebrew University Spokesman's Office: 972-2-5882875
Tel Aviv University Spokesman's Office: 972-3-640-8983, 972-3-640-5050
The Weizmann Institute of Science in Rehovot, Israel, is one of the world's top-ranking multidisciplinary research institutions. Noted for its wide-ranging exploration of the natural and exact sciences, the Institute is home to 2,700 scientists, students, technicians and supporting staff. Institute research efforts include the search for new ways of fighting disease and hunger, examining leading questions in mathematics and computer science, probing the physics of matter and the universe, creating novel materials and developing new strategies for protecting the environment.
Paul told Fox News they support the pledge. Rand Paul defends Norquist, tax pledge
Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.) on Tuesday defended Grover Norquist, saying they are a “huge fan” of the anti-tax pledge that a number of Republican lawmakers signed but now say they'd break in order to reach a deal on the looming fiscal cliff.
“I'm a huge fan of the pledge,” Paul said on Fox News. “And I think it does hold people's feet to the fire and they've essentially signed their signature and said they're not going to raise taxes so if they go back on their word, I think they'll suffer the repercussions in their next election.”
Story Continued Below
Recently, some GOPers — including Sen. Lindsey Graham of South Carolina, Sen. Saxby Chambliss of Georgia and Rep. Peter King of New York — have spoken out against the pledge.
Paul's take? They should take another look at what they signed.
“I think Grover Norquist has done a great service to the country in getting so many people to take a pledge because there is some pressure on these people now to go back on their word and I think there should be pressure because it's the wrong thing to do,” Paul said.
“I think they should be reminded they took a pledge to the voters in their states,” they added. “They campaigned on it, they said they weren't raising taxes. They said that is what we believe in.”
As for the fiscal cliff, they said they do not support raising taxes.
“I made a commitment to the voters of Kentucky that I didn't think raising taxes was a good idea, that we were spending too much and that we should cut spending – I'm still perplexed by this whole idea that a fiscal cliff occurs when you sequester or cut federal spending,” they said. “I thought that was a good thing, I thought we needed to cut more spending. I don't even understand why cutting spending or sequestering spending is a fiscal cliff.”
Paul said last week they were interested in a 2016 presidential run.
The State Department said the blizzard currently blanketing Washington, D.C. is partly to blame for the extra month needed to release the final batch of emails from former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, according to media reports citing a motion filed in court.
“This storm will disrupt the Clinton email team's current plans to work a significant number of hours throughout the upcoming weekend and could affect the number of emails that are required to be produced on January 29, 2016,” State Department lawyers wrote in the motion, according to CNN.
The filing, which requested a new release date of Feb. 29, also said more time was needed because of the complexity of the release process.
The Feb. 29 release date would mean the last of Clinton's emails were made public after the Iowa caucuses and New Hampshire and South Carolina primaries. Clinton has been scrutinized throughout their campaign over the revelation that they used a private email server as Secretary of State.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
The request comes days after officials reviewing the emails found information considered to be more than “top secret.“
“The cause of this delay is not due to any ongoing discussion about classification that has been in the news as of late,” a State Department spokesperson said, according to CNN.
[CNN]
Write to Katie Reilly at Katie.Reilly@time.com.
Competing crypto-currencies: The good, the bad, and the ugly.
The emerging world of digital currencies has created a mad rush of innovation, some good, and some outright shameful. I will be treading lighting on this subject, because there is an emotional aspect for early adopters of any crypto-currency. This is not unwarranted, as a passionate group of individuals can bring obscure ideas to light, much like Satoshi Nakamoto did with bitcoin in 2009. These dedicated, and passionate supporters & visionaries help to create what could be the most revolutionary technology in over a century.
Consider that bitcoin is still in its infancy. it's remarkable that viable competitors are able to gain traction at all. There have been a long line of crypto-currencies spring up in the wake of bitcoin. All of these coins adopted Satoshis core bitcoin framework; although, some minor adjustments may have been made to the code base, to offer a small distinction. Typically these newly created crypto-currencies were nothing more than a knock-off of bitcoin, trying to gain notoriety, and monetary gains. Regardless of how little systemic change was made to their coins, people would invariably adopt them, and a newly formed group of dedicated & passionate supporters would spring up along side.
I feel competing currencies are a fantastic thing; however, there are a handful of items early adopters need to be aware of. The cypto-currency world is a true free market, and additional scrutiny is needed when spending your time, and money on new competitors. There are many examples of successful, and failed crypto-currencies. Here are a few.
The good
Litecoin is at the top of the list, because it has incorporated distinct differences to bitcoin. The core development team is proactive in keeping the needed features & fixes into the litecoin framework. Litecoin is a good example of how a digital currency can compete in this dynamic, and emerging field.
Litecoin was created by former Google employee, Charles Lee in 2011. Although, litecoin is based on the core bitcoin framework, the hashing algorithm is based on a newer cryptography called Scrypt. Systemically, this is a critical distinction between litecoin, and bitcoin. Scrypt is memory intensive, and helps to create a natural barrier to the flood of ASIC mining equipment, that has taken over the bitcoin network. By using the Scrypt algorithm, litecoin achieves a higher level of security over bitcoin's SHA256, and reduces the ASIC mining advantage, by a factor of 10.
In addition to litecoin's Scrypt algorithm, the transaction time is reduced to approximately 2.5 minutes, and the total coins mined will be 84 million. All other inherent features that bitcoin provides are included into litecoin. As you can see, there is a significant systemic difference with litecoin. It is also the number one competitor to bitcoin in terms of technology, and market capitalization. Which currently sits at around $200 million dollars.
The bad
Namecoin is the one of the most interesting coins. It was designed to decentralize DNS services, keeping them online regardless of government censorship. It is listed in the bad category because it never really took off. This is mainly due to namecoin being in a niche that is much smaller, as it's not used as a standard currency. I still have great hopes for namecoin, it can be used in a number of exciting ways.
Namecoin was created in April of 2011. It was designed to provide a decentralized DNS (Domain Name Service) for websites. It is based on the bitcoin framework, and uses the SHA256 algorithm. The coins are mined the in the same manner as bitcoin, and once namecoins are created, you can then purchase a top level domain name signified by a ".bit".
Another exciting use for namecoin, is a potential decentralized & provable voting system. This could have a huge impact on how voting is carried out, especially with rampant voter fraud abound. Namecoin still remains relevant, because of the advent of pooled merge mining, where bitcoin miners can mine for namecoin at the same time. This will keep namecoin partially alive until its benefits can be used on a larger scale.
The ugly
From it's inception, feathercoin has been plagued with problems, and not just minor, but full systemic problems. Feathercoin is a perfect example of a "Cautionary tale" when a new crypto-currency comes onto the scene.
Fueled by the bitcoin buzz in the spring of 2013, feathercoin was created as a direct clone of litecoin. The creator unfortunately, could not implement the fork properly to get feathercoin off to a good start. The genesis block needs to be unique to feathercoin; however, the genesis block was copied directly from litecoin. As feathercoin was then announced to the public, it was then promptly "Insta-mined" by insiders, locking out most average miners. By the end of the first day of mining, nearly 3 million coins had been created.
Feathercoin continued to be plagued with engineering problems, exposing their users to unneeded risk. The beginning of June 2013, they sustained a massive attack that took over the feathercoin network, which resulted in approximately 16,000 coins being diverted to the attacker(s). At the same time, feathercoin prices were skyrocketing on the exchanges, which left people speculating who was actually benefiting from the prolonged attack, as prices should have collapsed.
After many months, and many changes to the development team. Feathercoin has centralized their blockchain, with what they call "advanced check pointing". This is to help stave off future attacks, but it centralizes control to a group of handpicked pools. The unfortunate aspect is feathercoin still attracts new users, yet provides a substandard coin riddled with problems. There have been plenty of "buyer beware" notices regarding feathercoin; however, not all users scour the internet exercising due diligence.
Conclusion
Famed Nobel prize winning economist, Friedrich Hayek, advocated for competing currencies. We get to see firsthand, this experiment take place with crypto-currencies. In general, open competition is a good thing for consumers; however, having too many competitors that do not offer tangible differences, will result in an extraordinary loss of money, and confidence. Inside the crypto-currency world we can witness these new competitors being created for strictly monetary gain, yet provide no additional utility. These coins are then listed on various exchanges, and pumped & dumped to the latest users that don't know better.
Crypto-currency exchanges need to provide better safeguards against these types of failed coins, and look beyond making a few percentage points on their unsuspecting customers. BTC-E recently moved to de-list feathercoin, yet miraculously reversed their decision, leading people to further speculate that exchanges are colluding with failed crypto-currencies. It doesn't require much investigation to determine which currencies are legitimate, and which ones defunct.
I hope to see more innovation with crypto-currencies. Whether these coins can fill a gap, or enter a niche like namecoin, these new innovative coins can be wildly successful.
More sketches I've been doing for the past week or so. All these are based on my rp in-game with Altmer Templar, Adele Lighthawke: Will do anything, regardless of how cold or manipulative it is, to make sure one of their high-born sons succeeds in life and upholds the family name. Ex-wife of Pax Lighthawke. Mother of Saryn and Saedar and Grandmother of Solus.Khajiit Dragonknight, Mottle: Was sold to the Lighthawke family as a cub and was given to Saryn on their first birthday as a pet and companion. When Saryn was grown and left to join the Thalmor, Mottle was trained by Saryn's father to be a family bodyguard.  They are loyal to a fault and does not understand that Khajiit should be free, and not slaves.Altmer Dragonknight, Solus Lighthawke: Son of Saryn Duskbringer, young and carefree until the albino Argonian they fell for, Fal-Riel, almost tricked them into drinking a lethal poison. Now they hate the entire Argonian race, and believes their Grandfather, the slave owner and Thalmor General, Pax Lighthawke, was right about Argonians being untrustworthy and inferior all along ...Bosmer Nightblade, Cyndril and their best friend Argonian Templar, Jendar: Sharing a laugh these two were nearly inseparable until Jendar decided to free their sister, the assassin, Fal-Riel from the Pact prison in Davon's Watch.  They are now on the run and Cyndril is crushed by this (seeming) betrayal by the one they considered their brother.Altmer Necromancer, Kivian Nightshade: Wears a mask to unnerve their friends and foes.  They are the commander of the intelligence branch of the Thalmor. Their biggest weakness is their slave, Fal-Riel, who they have trained as an assassin. They have a strange 'father daughter' relationship, which keeps Fal-Riel loyally at their side despite their abuse towards them  They are the lifetime rival of Pax Lighthawke and their family.Kudos to anyone who read all that. ^.^Jendar, Mottle and Fal-Riel belong to GangyzgirlCyndril, Kivian Nightshade and The Lighthawkes, Adele, Pax, Saryn, Saedar and Solus, belong to SyrenaESO belongs to ZeniMax
Jacob Silverman recently wrote an article for Slate attacking the ‘epidemic' of ‘cloying niceness and blind enthusiasm' in US book reviewing. For Silverman, criticism increasingly mimics the ‘literary Twitter- or blogospheres, [where] you'll be positively besieged by amiability'. They call them out for ‘creating an environment where writers are vaunted for their personal biographies or their online followings rather than for their work on the page'. The causes of this new sincerity are entirely self-interested: writers and publishers use social media for advertising and networking, and book reviewers face pressures to function as de facto publicists and ‘recommendation machines' rather than critics.
To some degree, this situation is not so much new as it is newly open to public scrutiny. Social media makes visible the invidious networks of back-scratching and bootlicking that have always characterised the uneasy relationship between the publishing industry and literary journalism. Authors and publishers have always used indirect means to influence a book's reception by ‘cultivating' reviewers. I know many publishers who insist that taking certain book editors out to expensive lunches still results in better coverage.
But some critics have also misunderstood Silverman's article as valorising negative reviews, which misses the point. Reviews can be nasty without being intelligent or critical. I've seen many haranguing reviews that simply misread the book in question. Worse, many negative reviews serve as a pretence for exorcising the reviewer's personal literary demons. Nor are we really lacking for negative reviews – but we tend not to notice them because they are overwhelmingly directed at newer and less-established authors, which actually brings me to my larger point.
In the Australian context what I object to is not so much this spate of ‘niceness' that Silverman identifies; sincerity is nothing more or less than a rhetorical method for convincing people of things, and its characteristic manoeuvre lies in the need to mask the awareness of its objectives even from itself. What worries me is not this enthusiasm, as such, but what it signifies: a set of self-invested and uncritical attitudes that result in a consensus-culture where certain authors, who have become the literary equivalent of sacred cows, are placed beyond reproach. This is already apparent in the shortlists for our literary awards, which resemble the output of some centralised shortlist-generating algorithm.
In 2012, the 42 possible shortlist spots for fiction across the Miles Franklin, the Prime Minister's Literary Awards, the Western Premier's Awards, the Age Book of the Year Awards, the Queensland Literary Awards, and the Victorian Premier's Awards have been occupied by only 18 writers, who very much resemble the ‘usual suspects'. Aside from the obligatory nods to Peter Carey, Gail Jones, and Elliott Perlman there was enormous consistency across the lists: Anna Funder was nominated five times, Gillian Mears four times, and Janette Turner Hospital and Frank Moorhouse three times, as well as two nominations each for Kate Grenville and Alex Miller. Only a few nominated authors have not won major national or state-based awards already, like Wayne Macauley, Deborah Forster, Tony Birch, and, technically speaking, Geraldine Brooks (who has won a Pulitzer, of course).
What's notable about these lists is what is missing: the only debut author was Favel Parrett, and virtually all of the titles were published either by large publishers or very well-established independent publishers. Authors of ‘genre' works and collections of short stories were once again largely excluded. It is particularly depressing that, after all of the scrutiny placed on the gender imbalance of literary prizes last year (resulting in the establishment of the Stella Prize), these lists seem not only safe but downright staid. And more to the point, why do we want so many literary prizes in Australia that all basically look the same?
Some may want to argue that these authors make the shortlists because they are the best writers in Australia, but such a position doesn't square with history, which shows that literary awards rarely stand the test of time. What do Carl Spitteler, Bjørnstjerne Bjørnson, Roger Martin du Gard, and Frans Eemil Sillanpää have in common? They all won the Nobel Prize for Literature. The list of authors who didn't win the Nobel Prize is more impressive: James Joyce, Marcel Proust, Franz Kafka, Jorge Luis Borges, Leo Tolstoy, Henrik Ibsen, and Virginia Woolf are among the eligible authors never honoured by the Swedish Academy. In a rare consensus, the 1955 Pulitzer Prize and National Book Award both went to William Faulkner's novel A Fable, now considered a minor work by a great author – but the year 1955 also saw the publication of Vladimir Nabokov's Lolita, J.P. Donleavy's The Ginger Man, Flannery O'Connor's A Good Man Is Hard to Find, and William Gaddis's The Recognitions (my favourite book). History suggests that betting against the consensus has the better odds.
But, rather than suffering from tall-poppy syndrome, Australia's contemporary cultural cringe seems to manifest in a repression of any critique and a consensus of unquestioning support for Australia's ‘best' writers; literary darlings like Cate Kennedy and Nam Le are universally praised, and rare criticisms of their work are met with opprobrium. When big names like Jonathan Franzen or Bret Easton Ellis come to visit, the universal response is unbridled excitement – as if we were still little more than a bunch of unwashed colonials lucky to receive these great authors from overseas. Among authors and industry types another less honourable thought circulates: think of all the networking opportunities! That these things are left unsaid is inevitable; as the philosopher Peter Sloterdijk has noted, ‘A milieu … is always also an alliance for the sake of jointly ignoring matters of fact that are obvious to those who are foreign to the milieu.' But the problem with this literary consensus-culture is that it produces an anaemic and self-congratulatory provincialism as stifling as any cultural cringe.
The consensus-culture relegates books to the status of museum pieces: everyone agrees they are great, but they just sit there on an abstract plane removed from our daily lives, from our personal beliefs, or any value judgments about what matters or should matter. The consensus-culture signifies a notion of literature played out only in and among institutions – universities, prize committees, literary festivals – for whom actual readers are always only ‘stakeholders' to be appeased. In the consensus-culture, the views of readers, writers and communities don't really matter because literature is something that is handed down to us from above, mediated by a network of cultural elites and ‘literary insiders' who have already made all of the important decisions about a book's value. But a vital literary culture is not marked by the possession of a canon of universally acknowledged classics or by fiat through a UN designation. Australian literature should be embattled, passionately fought over, and contested because those – and not a tepid consensus governed by cultural elites – are the hallmarks of vitality and egalitarianism. Australian literature doesn't need saving or preserving – what it needs are partisans, contrarians and heretics.
There's an adage that advises, “Bloom where you're planted.”
“In my family it's ‘Bloom where you're transplanted,' ” Sariah Yiqun Baker said. Sister Baker has been “transplanted” many times in their 23 years. First from their native country of China as they were adopted by American parents and then as their family moved as their father fulfilled assignments in an international company. Most recently, Sister Baker put down roots in Utah where they finished a year as a Church-service missionary at Welfare Square.
And although they decidedly flourished in their calling, Sister Baker said fulfilling a Church service mission was not originally part of “the plan.”
Sister Baker was born in Shanghai, China, and spent the first three years of their life in an orphanage after being abandoned in a public park when they were a month old. Mark Baker was stationed in Shanghai for their job when they and their wife, Linley Baker, decided to adopt 3-year-old Sariah.
I parents, who are members of the Church, named them Sariah after the well-known matriarch found in the Book of Mormon. Just like Sariah — the wife of Lehi and the mother of Nephi, Sam, Laman, Lemuel, Jacob and Joseph — “I had to leave and go to the ‘Promised Land,' ” Sister Baker explained. They gave them the middle name Yiqun, which in Chinese means, “to run away and rise above the crowd.”
Sister Baker said they recognize the blessing it was to be adopted by an LDS couple who taught them the gospel. “I could have been adopted to anyone, I think, but to have the gospel has been something amazing.”
So as they grew up, serving a full-time proselytizing mission was always part of their plan. After finishing a degree in psychology with three minors — French, sociology and interpersonal relations — Sister Baker submitted their application to serve. They were excited — and perhaps a bit disappointed to not be using their French skills — when they received a call to serve in Vancouver, Canada, speaking Mandarin Chinese.
After four months in the mission field, however, they returned early for medical reasons. “I was able to know, for myself personally, that I had learned what I needed to learn in those four months, but it was still difficult because I didn't know what to do next. That's when I was told about a service mission.”
The Young Church-Service Mission Program is available to young men ages 18-25 and young women ages 19-25 where a full-time proselytizing mission is not possible due to health or other considerations. Young service missionaries can serve at or near home in a variety of possible ways including assisting in family history research, indexing, image processing and support; volunteering in information and communication services or publishing services; providing administrative assistance and office support in mission offices or seminaries and institutes; or assisting in welfare operations such as bishops' storehouses, Deseret Industries facilities and employment resource centers.
Those living within access of Church headquarters can also serve at the Bishops' Central Storehouse, Temple Square and Conference Center events, Deseret Manufacturing, Food Services, Global Service Center and other Church departments.
Among other responsibilities, Sister Baker's service included hosting tours of the bishops' storehouse and Welfare Square, sometimes alongside sisters from the Temple Square Mission, as well as providing service in the dairy, bakery or cannery.
“I sometimes joke that my mission is ‘Welfare Squared,' ” Sister Baker quipped, “because I've served at [Welfare Square] and with the Temple Square sisters.”
One of the benefits of performing a service mission, Sister Baker said, has been its flexibility. The minimum requirement for Young Church-service Missionaries is eight hours of service per week for six to 24 months. Sister Baker was able to live with their grandparents in Bountiful and maintain a schedule every week where, in addition to their 32 hours at Welfare Square, they attended the temple and an institute class. They were the first in their family to graduate from institute.
“You can work around what would work for you, yet still be able to serve the Lord,” they said.
Still, Sister Baker is the first to admit that their testimony of their work as a service missionary was not instantaneous. “When I started, I disliked it,” Sister Baker recalled. “I didn't understand the reason for a service mission. I thought, ‘Service is not a mission. A mission is about proselyting.' ”
Them perspective began to change, they said, as they studied the Savior's work and ministry. Sister Baker recently wrote in an email to their friends and family: “Looking at the Savior, and Their ministry, I realized that They aren't just teaching and organizing Their church; They served! They healed people, comforted them, brought some back to life and, of course, the biggest service They did was the Atonement. They were all about service. Why? Simple, They loved us! I'm truly convinced that  They are pleased with my work. I was so blessed to understand the true meaning of service and love. I learned to not only serve people less fortunate than me, but those of different cultures and those who probably struggle with mental or physical challenges that I may never fully comprehend.”
The welfare program, they said, invites people to come to Christ. “If you can feed the hungry, it helps them be so much more open to the spiritual part.” Service comes down to that love of Christ. “That's one thing that I think really allowed me to be able to say, ‘I'm on a mission.' ”
Now that their mission has ended, Sister Baker plans to move to Delaware where their parents are located. Being in a business environment on a service mission has also inspired them of a direction to go in their education and career.
“I decided after being here that I could improve the world through companies, through business. I want to go into human resources and from there build up my curriculum so I [can] actually be able to work in consulting so that I can not only improve the lives of employees, but the life of the company, which improves the lives of others.”
Sister Baker said if someone ever asks them “Should I serve a service mission?” their response will be, “Yes, you should. I would recommend it.” They then added, “I have had more peace than I ever have found in my life serving in this mission.”
[email protected]
The job market is fiercely competitive, and it's a tricky business to make your resume stand out from the crowd. While you certainly shouldn't expect to be asked for an interview for every job you apply for, if you're not getting invited at all, this is a clear sign that something is wrong.
RELATED: Need some resume advice? Watch these tutorials!
If all employers are rejecting your application before you've even sat in the interview room, it indicates that the problem lies with your resume. Here are some key reasons why it might not be making the grade… and how to improve things today!
Reasons Why Your Resume Isn't Getting You Interviews
1. You've got gaps in your employment history.
When it comes to resumes, employers like to see a smooth employment history. If there are any gaps, they'll want to know why. Don't be afraid to explain that you took a year out to go traveling or that you had three years out to look after your child. Instead, turn it into a positive. Highlight what valuable skills you developed during this time, and how they have made you even more suitable for the role you're applying for.
2. You're over-exaggerating.
Yes, your resume is the place to outline your greatest achievements and sell yourself to your future employers. However, it's most emphatically not a place to brag openly about yourself, and it's certainly not appropriate to exaggerate your achievements. Remember, if your resume statements cannot be 100% backed up at an interview, you may end up making yourself look foolish.
3. Your layout or presentation isn't good.
Resumes need to convey information quickly and efficiently. Your prospective employer probably has hundreds of resumes to crawl through, and they don't want to try to read a document that is impossible to understand. Keep your layout simple, use sub-titles and bullet-points where appropriate and avoid needless waffle!
4. Avoid clichés.
In the world of resumes, clichés seem to occur all the time. Try to avoid wherever possible. Assume that your future employer knows you're “passionate about the industry” or that you're “dedicated to getting great results.” Keep it fresh and original, and you'll stand out a lot more.
5. You don't detail the good stuff.
Worse than bragging is underselling yourself. Your resume should be seen as a chance to showcase your achievements and experience. Don't shy away from highlighting the awards you've won, the courses you've completed or the qualifications you've achieved. These will all help to secure you the interview.
Polishing Your Online Reputation
Remember that in addition to your resume, your future employers will be looking at your online presence – your social media pages, any shared content on Google and anything else of a similar nature. If you have photos online of you staggering out of a bar at 2 a.m. looking a little bit worse for wear, get rid of them quickly. It doesn't create a great impression.
If you're really worried about your resume, ask friends and family to check it over for you – or hire the help of a professional to tidy it up for you. It'll be worth it when you finally manage to secure the job!
Related Posts
How To Answer 7 Of The Most Common Interview Questions
Top 3 Tips For Phone Interviews
How To Ace The Panel Interview
About the author
Karen Rehn has 13 years experience in the staffing industry. Them zest for business and desire to leave Wisconsin winters behind led them to purchase Helping Hands Staffing Services, which is now known as HH Staffing. They say, “One of the greatest rewards of working in the staffing industry is the ability to make a real difference in the lives of others, I truly believe that our industry has an obligation to actively contribute to enhancing our communities and improving the lives of our employees.”
Disclosure: This post is sponsored by a CAREEREALISM-approved expert. You can learn more about expert posts here.
Photo Credit: Shutterstock
Said three teenagers to themselves last year: "Yeah, sure, we could go to college. But wouldn't it be more fun to up-end the airport rental car business?"
They opted for the latter.
So positive were they that they had happened on a better business model than Hertz or Avis, that they turned their backs, respectively, on Harvard, Princeton and MIT -- the three institutions to which they had gained (or been offered) admission.
The idea was this: At every major airport, acres of cars sit idle, left parked by owners who have jetted off. Why couldn't these same cars be rented to arriving travelers? Rates could be dramatically cheaper than those charged by traditional car rental companies, since, under this model, the rental company wouldn't have to pay for or maintain the fleet.
Read More About How You Could Save or Lose Money With New Fuel Economy Standards
Owners would have a fourfold incentive to participate: free parking, a free car wash, a cut of the rental fee and a guarantee their car would be waiting for them when they returned.
With financing from angel investors, FlightCar, the trio's brainchild, began renting cars in February to passengers arriving at San Francisco International Airport (SFO), for rates start as low as $21 a day, depending on the make and model of the car.
Read More About Two Boston Parking Spaces Sold for $560,000 and the Most Expensive U.S. Places for Parking
CEO Rajul Zaparde, 18, one of FlightCar's co-founders, tells ABC News the company already has signed up 1,400 owners and has arranged 1,500 rentals.
See Photos of the Coolest, Most Expensive Cars
Until Zaparde hit rental car paydirt, they had been headed to Harvard. Now they and co-founders Shri Graneshram, 19, and Kevin Petrovic, 19, have launched a second operation at Boston's Logan Airport.
"We're shooting for one more airport before the end of this year," says Zaparde.
Foes of FlightCar, however, have started to shoot back.
It's easy to see how traditional rental companies might not be amused to have their prices undercut. But San Francisco International is crying foul, as well.
Doug Yakel, public information officer for SFO, tells ABC News that FlightCar refuses to play by the rules that govern other rental car companies. It doesn't pay the same fees, they say, and it doesn't abide by the same regulations.
SFO's objections have taken the form of a complaint filed last month against FlightCar by the city attorney of San Francisco.
Zaparde says the airport's lawsuit stems from a disagreement over how to define FlightCar.
"They want to put us in the same bucket as traditional rental companies," they say.
FlightCar is a different animal from Avis or Hertz, they add, and thus not subject to the same strictures.
For example, SFO wants FlightCar to pay it 10 percent of its gross profit and a $20 fee for each rental car transaction -- the same as what the airport gets from every other rental car company.
The fact that FlightCar operates from a base outside airport property, Yakel says, makes no difference: SFO has three other rental companies that also operate off-property. According to the complaint, those three paid SFO over $2 million in fees in 2012. FlightCar, too, should pay, thinks Yakel.
The fact that it does not give FlightCar "an unfair advantage over similarly situated businesses that are forced to charge higher prices in order to operate lawfully and fairly," according to the complaint.
Deputy City Attorney Jennifer Choi tells ABC News that FlightCar's response is due July 1, and that, if no resolution is reached by then, a court will decide if the company is in violation of California's Unfair Competition Law. If found to be in violation, the company could be fined and/or shut down.
Read More About Chrysler's Showdown About SUV Safety
Get the biggest Manchester United FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A street is being named after legendary Manchester United and England footballer Nobby Stiles, the M.E.N. can reveal.
The honour comes 50 years after England's 1966 World Cup triumph over West Germany at Wembley.
Stiles, who was famously photographed with their false teeth in one hand and the Jules Rimet trophy in the other as they danced a jig on the pitch in celebration, is now aged 73.
It was revealed late last year that he's battling Alzheimer's, having previous been diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2013.
Council bosses have revealed to the M.E.N. that Sudell Street - a road in Collyhurst, near to their old primary school - will now be renamed Nobby Stiles Drive in their honour at a ceremony next month.
(Image: Eddie Garvey)
Manchester United legends are expected to attend the unveiling.
Collyhurst-born Stiles, who was also an integral part of the 1968 European Cup-winning Manchester United team, was a pupil at St Patrick's Primary School on Livesey Street.
Sudell Street, which runs across Livesey Street near St Patrick's Church, will be renamed in their honour.
The naming ceremony has been pencilled in for May 13 and the sign has already been made.
John Flanagan, a councillor for Miles Platting, Newton Heath and Collyhurst, said: “I am delighted and proud to announce that one of my heroes, Nobby Stiles, is to be honoured by Manchester council in recognition of their life and achievements as a footballer for Manchester United.
“He also represented England 28 times.
“It is fitting that our national hero will have a street named Nobby Stiles Drive near to St Patrick's School in Collyhurst, where they went to school and learnt to play football.”
Stiles made 311 appearances for United, scoring 17 goals. They went on to play for Middlebrough and Preston North End.
The FA have announced a series of events to mark the 50th anniversary of England's 1966 World Cup glory. Sir Alf Ramsey's side won 4-2 after extra-time, with a hat-trick from Tameside-born Sir Geoff Hurst.
The programme includes new exhibitions at the National Football Museum in Manchester and culminates in a major event at Wembley on the anniversary date, July 30.
The story of the England's finest day in football will be recalled at the celebration using historic footage, with the entire event set to be broadcast live on BBC Radio 2.
Enter the weird world of Surkism - the Russian government's brand of 'weaponized communications' that's proven itself to be incredibly effective and is drawing admiration from corporations who seek to replicate it.
In Russia, they use a term that's unfamiliar to us called 'political technician.' That's because the leading political thinkers in Russia believe that consumer behavior is something that can be engineered - just like a bridge or a building. The most notable Russian political technician Vladislav Surkov, rumored to be Vladimir Putin's chief ideologist, has pioneered a new genre of communications that mixes elements of branding, media and art theory, and postmodernism into a highly weaponized form of influence. Surkov is one of the most interesting figures in Russia today - he's a performance artist, a huge Tupac Shakur fan, and they write lyrics for rock bands. They also happen to be the most powerful political puppet-master in Russia and you haven't heard of them because that's exactly how they want it.
Surkov, considered to be the third-most influential man in Russia, “has gained notoriety as the architect of Russia's ‘sovereign' or ‘managed' version of democracy – a term that critics say described a system of rule with only the trappings of democratic political process,” (Balmforth). ‘Surkism' is as creative and unprecedented as it is effective and pragmatic. The premise of this strategy is to confront opposition and criticism by embracing and sponsoring its own proliferation.
Peter Pomerantsev cites examples of this strategy, explaining that,” One moment Surkov would fund civic forums and human-rights NGOs, the next they would quietly support nationalist movements that accuse the NGO's of being tools of the West. With a flourish they sponsored lavish arts festivals for the most provocative modern artists in Moscow, then supported Orthodox fundamentalists, dressed all in black and carrying crosses, who in turn attacked the modern-art exhibitions. The Kemlin's idea is to own all forms of political discourse, to not let any independent movements develop outside of its walls,” (Pomerantsev). In Surkov's Russia, the controversies, issues, and opposing parties of the day are created and funded by the same source. By manufacturing the parties and setting the agenda for their beliefs, and cutting off Kremlin resources from any one party that happens to gain too much real grassroots support, Surkov oversees a spectacle that creates the appearance of a thriving democratic society where citizens have ideological free-will. Russian citizens are distracted by the myriad of parties that occupy all extremes of the ideological spectrum, giving them the illusion that they have ideological free-will whereas in reality, their selection only includes options presented by Surkov's Kremlin. Since access to communications media is controlled by the Kremlin, only the government can grant a party the resources necessary to organize, communicate, and participate in mass discourse. Russian media channels adapt the same strategy to target the international audience abroad by giving air-time to commentators that peddle vastly contradictory theories and false information from both sides of the debate – effectively creating mass confusion and obscuring the real narrative by giving credence to an array of false narratives.
In short, think of it like this - Surkov creates and funds a LOT of different political factions. Then they pin them all against each other. Any one faction that becomes too strong is cut off. The people become distracted by this crazy spectacle and behind the scenes, Putin is able to execute their real agenda without anyone really talking about it. Because they're too caught up with the fighting between factions that are controlled by Surkov. It's a genius tag-team duo.
The Kremlin exported this strategy and proved its effectiveness during the invasion of Ukraine. Surkov funded television and online media channels that spun up crazy narratives and conspiracies that focused on obscure topics which gave rise to puppet factions that rallied around debates held in the news. Pomerantsev points out that,” Surkov helped organize the annexation, with their whole theater of Night Wolves, Cossacks, staged referendums, scripted puppet politicians, and men with guns,” (Pomerantsev). Factions like the Night Wolves and Cossacks were given favored representation in media communications channels in debates about obscure and irrelevant issues like a regional law about the official language used in government paperwork. Topics like these were blown up into seemingly-credible racial conspiracies and accusations of ethnic cleansing, inciting fear and confusion that concealed the interests of the Kremlin in building a military presence in the geopolitically critical and trade-rich Black Sea area.
Surkov understands that by introducing new actors and parties with feigned interests into a traditional one-on-one conflict, they divert attention from the original source of conflict, manufactures confusing alliance networks, and reduces the headcount of the original opposition by dispersing constituents among different groups. Surkov's Kremlin uses the power of communications media to prop up a multitude of parties in a conflict with interests that don't threaten the original interest of the aggressor in initiating the conflict.
In From Nation Branding to Information Warfare: The Management of Informaiton in the Ukraine-Russia Conflict, Goran Bolin, Paul Jordan, and Per Stahlberg's analysis indicates that,” the conflict between Ukraine and Russia has engaged an entirely new set of actors in the information war and in the management of information, most notably from the PR business but also from journalism and corporate finance,” (Bolin, Jordan, Stahlberg 5). They argue that the increasingly complicated, multi-faceted, and untamable emergence of digital media has created a communication landscape in which communications technologies are weaponized in warfare, creating what is termed ‘the postmodern war' or ‘diffused war.' In response to this new type of warfare, counter-propaganda organization like StopFake and the Ukraine Crisis Media Centre have been created by Ukrainian nationals who attempt to organize the mess of contradictory and competing narratives being peddled by the Russian media. Yevhen Fedchenko, a professor of journalism at the Kyiv Mohyla Academy and member of the StopFake organization, explains that StopFake's mission is to fight the,” Russian narrative,” which they describe as a series of ‘myths' perpetuated by Russian-owned media channels.
Malikah Hamza is a talented leg-spinner, has a mean bowling style, plays for a senior women's team in South Africa and is eleven years old.
Yes, that's right she's eleven.
She's also the the youngest cricketer ever to play against a senior international cricket side in a T20 match. Feel unaccomplished yet? Well keep reading.
Multi-talented Malikah, who recently became the first female cricketer in the world to receive a Royal Club sponsorship deal with world renowned cricketing brand Slazenger, is also the youngest professional hockey player in SA after they were awarded a professional hockey contract from Mr.Price Sport at the age of nine, reports SASchoolSports.
Most people remember their match against Zimbabwe, when they got their first chance to bowl and it was in their second over that they pitched the ball on the off stump and hit the middle stump to clean bowl the Zimbabwe opening bat, in a very Paul Adams like move.
WP Senior Ladies coach, Kobus Rhoode, says to CDN sport that Malikah is a hugely talented cricketer. They foresee a long term cricketing career for them They say that they are very excited about the prospect of working with them and believes that if they are managed correctly they would definitely achieve national colours in the near future. They also say that they advocate the phrase ‘that if you're good enough, you are old enough'.
Scroll reports that the boys tend to sledge them a bit and when she's batting, the wicket-keeper might tell the bowler to “Get my girlfriend out”. “That's their favourite chirp,” said Hamza. Or when it's their turn to bowl and they take wickets, the chirps flow both ways. “Then my teammates will tell the batsman, ‘you got bowled by a girl'.”
But Hamza is far better than the boys their age. They won five of the six awards handed out by the club in their division, including the best batsman, the best bowler and best all-rounder for the 2013-2014 season.
More to girl power we say!
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
This is the story of a man who has played barely 10 seconds of Premiership rugby yet has earned genuine respect on every continent. Having already won an Olympic medal, they are now one try away from overtaking everyone who has ever picked up a ball and run with it. Not bad for a welder's son from Gloucestershire who was dismissed as too lightweight to make a career out of “proper” rugby.
Little wonder Dan Norton gave silent thanks last summer as they took in the panoramic views across Rio and reflected on their “incredible” sporting odyssey. This week, at the Hong Kong Sevens, everyone will know their name as they look to become the all-time highest try-scorer in rugby's abbreviated form; once they return home to Wraysbury near Staines, it is high time more people saluted their achievements.
England seal Cape Town sevens after South Africa miss final-kick conversion Read more
Now 29, Norton has been running in tries for England since 2009 without a great deal in the way of national newspaper fanfare. There are still those who will read about their tally of 244 tries – currently level with the world record held by Kenya's Collins Injera – and blithely assume they were scored in an inferior form of the game under limited pressure. Better, perhaps, to investigate Norton's best moments on YouTube before recycling that old-school view. Clutching a ball, they once clocked 2.70sec for 20 metres, making them faster out of the blocks than Usain Bolt.
One or two Premiership clubs have certainly missed a trick. Back in March 2008 Norton, right, was on Gloucester's books alongside James Simpson-Daniel, Jonny May and Charlie Sharples and, with Dean Ryan's Cherry and Whites badly stretched by international calls, made it on to the field for the dying seconds against London Irish: “I was shoved on in the 80th minute and told to chase a penalty kick.” Gloucester won the game but it was to prove Norton's solitary Premiership outing.
“I would like to have played a lot more fifteens but that's the way a professional career goes. Occasionally when I pop back and see my parents in Gloucester I do think: ‘What if?' At times it's a horrible thought but I'm very fortunate sevens has put me where I am today and given me the confidence and ability to show my skills on a world stage.”
A new three-year deal will enable them to keep circumnavigating the globe, even if the regular absences from their girlfriend and 14-month-old son are occasionally tough to bear. It helps that England have kicked on since the Olympics, winning the Cape Town and Vancouver legs of the world sevens series and lying second in the overall standings with four rounds to go.
It would make victory in Hong Kong, Norton's 64th world series event, doubly sweet. Their former coach Ben Ryan, who presided over Fiji's Olympic triumph, gave them their debut and remembers instructing the young sprinter to go out and score the winning try in the final in London against New Zealand: “He almost went green but did exactly that.” Ryan also recalls Norton's frequent offers to look after any trophies their team won, some of which ended up being taken back to the latter's father, Aubrey, for mending. Norton senior still plays aged 68 for Spartans in Gloucester, incidentally, although their son jokes this longevity is mostly “an excuse to get out of the house”.
All the high jinks, air miles and records have also not shaken Norton's conviction that talented youngsters, whether perceived as too small or not, should play more sevens: “I think it helps a player no end. For most players from the back row backwards, it helps your skill-set – your passing, your catching, your decision-making. Not only do you have to be fit and strong; you have to be fast and have a good game IQ. It makes you an all-round better player in a more intense environment than playing in the A league or getting loaned out to a Championship club.”
Sevens rugby is on the rise – and England are ahead of the game | Michael Aylwin Read more
The latest example is Marcus Watson, Anthony's brother, who is switching from Newcastle to Wasps this summer and others will be tempted now full-time contracts are available: “Back in the day me and James Rodwell used to rock up with a few others two or three days before we flew out to a tournament. We'd get back and there would be no contact time for three to four weeks. Now we're on Monday to Friday.”
Terrestrial television coverage of the Olympics also projected the game to a wider audience: “People on my street at home were saying: ‘Did you win a medal?' It reached many more people than it normally does, which is why the Olympics are so special.”
Ask Norton, finally, for one word to describe the sevens experience in Hong Kong and they choose “mayhem”. A rock star one week, invisible the next: England's serial marksman long ago learned to appreciate the good times when they come: “I never thought I'd be in this position when I first started. I'm pretty humbled. It's more about playing well as a team and getting a few more tournament wins. That's what we're really after.”
Pause for thought
The European Champions Cup quarter-finals produced four worthy winners – and congratulations, too, to the tournament organisers for seeking to spread the gospel by staging the 2018 and 2019 finals in Bilbao and Newcastle respectively. Between now and then it must be hoped someone will have introduced an improved system of TMO referrals that does not involve endlessly stopping the game. To call for a video replay while a goal-kicker is about to commence their run-up (Bath's Rhys Priestland in this instance) is ridiculous; to waste time deliberating over barely-there forward passes while blatant neck rolls at rucks or absurdly crooked feeds go unpunished is equally illogical. How much more sensible to give each team a maximum of three potential video referrals per game – requested on the spot or not at all – with the referee otherwise encouraged to use their own discretion. Serious acts of foul play caught on camera but missed by officials at the time would be dealt with retrospectively. This would have the benefit of stopping players instinctively appealing for video referrals and help to speed the game up for the paying punter. It is the match-turning howler that undermines top-level rugby, not the occasional human error.
And another thing …
Big games come thick and fast in modern rugby but there is an extra dimension to this weekend's fixture between Bath and Leicester at Twickenham. Fifty per cent of the net proceeds from Upper Tier tickets sold (£15 for adults, £5 for children) will be shared between Help for Heroes and the Bath Rugby Foundation, the club's charitable arm. As well as assisting physically injured servicemen, the money will go towards helping a range of people requiring support in the face of mental adversity. The former Bath and England hooker Lee Mears, forced to retire prematurely after being diagnosed with a heart condition, is among those who empathises with those in need: “It [retiring] was like mourning a death, a very bleak time. My purpose and direction had disappeared. At first I didn't know what to do next and was really worried that losing my identity would mean I was forgotten about so quickly and had let everyone around me down.” For more information, click here.
The Department of Veterans Affairs on Thursday opened its first clinic specifically geared toward treating transgender veterans.
The Louis Stokes Cleveland VA Medical Center in Ohio will provide primary care, hormone therapy and mental health care to up to 20 transgender veterans one day a month, according to the Cleveland Plain Dealer newspaper.
"I feel there are a lot of transgender patients in the veteran population who haven't been able to find the care they need," Megan McNamara, a VA physician who will run the clinic, told the Plain Dealer. "I really want to be able to provide comprehensive, one-stop care for those patients in a welcoming environment … a place where they're comfortable and accepted."
The move comes as the Pentagon eases policies for the estimated 15,500 transgender troops actively serving (PDF) in the military, and after it announced in July that it was convening a working group to assess the impact of lifting the ban on trans soldiers altogether.
An estimated 134,000 U.S. veterans are transgender, according to the Williams Institute, a UCLA think tank that conducts research on gender identity law and policy.
Evan Young, president of the Transgender American Veterans Association, says veterans are five times as likely to be transgender as non-veterans.
They say that veterans suffering from gender dysphoria — when a person feels that their or their gender identity is different from the gender assigned at birth — should be able to go to the doctor and receive medical treatment, just as they would for any other condition.
"When you're sick, when you have a cold or you break your arm … you go to the doctor to get care,” Young said. “And the cure that we [trans people] need is hormones, and gender reassignment surgery in order to make us feel better, in order to treat our gender dysphoria.”
Young, who celebrated Cleveland's trans-specific clinic, said the VA has been working hard to address the health needs of its transgender veterans. In 2013 the agency released a health care directive on how to best treat them. The agency does not, however, cover the costs of gender reassignment surgery for veterans.
Young said that in 2016 the VA will change the gender field on its Computerized Patient Record System (CPRS) to include a box for a patient to mark sex at birth and another to mark the patient's current gender. That's because some trans veterans may have certain medical needs related to their biologically assigned sex, but are presenting publically as the gender to which they have transitioned.
“But when they go for their appointment, and they call out ‘Mr.' or ‘Mrs.,' the VA will be able to recognize that,” Young said.
Young lauded the VA medical center in Little Rock, Arkansas, their home state. But they field numerous queries from veterans elsewhere who run into problems when trying to officially change genders with the VA, since the computerized system will override such a change. Instead, they must specifically consult a privacy officer to complete the name-change process.
Others allegedly encounter discriminatory health care workers, despite the fact that the VA has been working to improve treatment for its transgender veterans. But attitudes are gradually changing, Young said.
"It's slowly starting to get to where you don't think of a drag king or queen, you think of someone who is transgender,” they said. “We're just regular, everyday people, you know?”
Kazakhstan is a young state with a dual history: both Kazakh and Russian. The two histories are intertwined even if Astana may wish it weren't so. And in recent years, as Russian revanchism spilled over its borders into both Georgia in 2008 and Ukraine in 2014, Kazakhstan has taken steps to define its own unique place as a state.
The recent trial and conviction of Yermek Narymbayev and Serikzhan Mambetalin, a pair of Kazakh activists, illustrated not only the arbitrariness of Kazakh justice but a facet of Astana's drive to control messaging regarding the image of the state and its unity of thought. The two, after all, were sentenced to three and two years respectively for “inciting national discord” through Facebook posts. Mambetalin's early release pending appeal and statement of repentance only underscore that conclusion.
Joanna Lillis, who has been following the trial from Almaty for Eurasianet, wrote in early January that the two activists were “active online dissenters, but wield little on-the-ground influence to rally crowds against the government…” (read the rest of their writing regarding the trial and fallout here and here). Small players or not, the trial and easy conviction certainly sends a powerful message to Kazakhs to keep quiet if they have criticisms of the state.
As reported by RFE/RL, Mambetalin's release came along with a letter posted to Facebook “in which they wrote that they were ‘guilty and sorry for their mistakes,' adding that they ‘committed the crime unintentionally.'” As Lillis noted, it was quite the change from the trial in which they plead not guilty, denounced the proceedings, and made a lively defense which cited the shuttering of opposition parties and media outlets as leaving Kazakhs with only the Internet to voice their opinions.
But the only opinions Astana is keen to hear are those praising the state and the president.
In unrelated news, though decidedly linked in the impression it makes, Kazakh police have reportedly detained a prominent, and pro-Russian, business person in Shymkent over the weekend. Tokhtar Tuleshov has had their hands in a number of pies; Reuters says they are the chief executive of one of the country's largest breweries and owns business assets in horses and watches. Reuters also reported that Tuleshov has run the Kazakh office for the Russia-based Center for the Analysis of Terrorist Threats, writing that “Its website catu.kz published anti-Western and pro-Russian articles, such as a piece alleging Islamic State militants were sending reinforcements to Ukrainian nationalists.”
On one hand, Astana wants to be understood as a state with a long and independent history of its own. On the other hand, Nazarbayev was a direct product of the Soviet system (as are the institutions of the modern Kazakh state). If the praise slathered on Nazarbayev during a recent party congress is any indication, their cult of personality is growing to astounding levels. One speaker, per a video from RFE/RL's Kazakh service, said to Nazarbayev: “You are a figure who raises us and protects us all, like baby birds.”
Hilton Worldwide agreed to pay $700,000 and bolster security to resolve probes into two data breaches that exposed more than 363,000 credit card numbers, the attorneys general of New York and Vermont announced on Tuesday.
The settlement resolves claims that the hotel chain lacked reasonable data security and was too slow to tell consumers about the intrusions, waiting 9-1/2 months after learning of the first and more than three months after learning of the second.
New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman said a breach occurred in late 2014 when a Hilton system in the United Kingdom began communicating with a suspicious outside computer, while another occurred in the spring and summer of 2015.
The McLean, Virginia-based company did not tell consumers about the breaches until Nov. 24, 2015, according to Schneiderman and their Vermont counterpart, T.J. Donovan.
Tuesday's settlement requires Hilton to disclose breaches faster, improve monitoring for potential threats, and adhere to data security standards used in the card industry.
New York will receive $400,000 from the settlement, and Vermont will receive $300,000. The offices of their attorneys general were not immediately available for further comment.
Hilton's brands also include Conrad, DoubleTree, Embassy Suites, Homewood Suites and the Waldorf Astoria, among others.
Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter.
“Two years ago, Hilton took action to eradicate unauthorized malware that targeted guest payment card information,” Hilton said in a statement. “Hilton is strongly committed to protecting our customers' payment card information and maintaining the integrity of our systems.”
Bonfires v1.2.0 and v1.2.1 require Forge 2694+
What the mod adds
Bonfires is a mod that brings bonfires from the Souls games to Minecraft. For those who have not played the Souls games, bonfires act like checkpoints which can be teleported to and will heal the player.
In this mod these bonfires can be created and named which then can be used to travel to any other bonfire in any dimension even mod dimensions. Using a bonfire will also set your spawn location like a bed.
It also adds the Estus Flask, which is essentially a multi use healing potion which is restored when using a bonfire.
The Coiled Sword, which is a component of bonfires, can be used as a sword which will set mobs on fire.
There are also 2 items which can be used to return to your spawn point, the Homeward Bone and the Coiled Sword Fragment.
New in 1.2: Weapons and tools can be reinforced to increase their damage, estus flasks can be reinforced to increase the amount healed
Getting started
In 1.0.2+ you can get started with the mod without the need of looking at anything else just get killed by a mob to unlock the first advancement, which will guide you to the else in the mod and unlocking recipes for the recipe book.
Blocks, Items, Features and Crafting Recipes
With v1.0.2+ you can see all these recipes inside the recipe book added in Minecraft 1.12
To create a bonfire you need 2 items. A Pile of Bone and Ash and a Coiled Sword.
The Pile of Bone and Ash can be crafted like so, you can leave the top row empty and use the bottom row instead
The items in the top are homeward bones. These are used to return to your spawn point but are consumed on use. Your spawn point is stored per dimension.
The items in the bottom are Piles of Ash which have a chance to drop from mobs when burnt to death.
Homeward Bones are crafted like so, this recipe is shapeless
The Coiled Sword is crafted like so
Once you have both place the Pile of Bone and Ash on the ground and then right click it with the Coiled Sword. This will place the coiled sword on the pile creating a bonfire. Now to light the bonfire you simply right-click the bonfire which will then allow you to name the bonfire. When naming the bonfire there is also the option to set the bonfire as private which will hide the bonfire from other players so they can't travel to it but can travel from it.
However, since bonfires are like teleporters they are only really useful if you make 2 of them.
If you destroy a bonfire it will drop a Coiled Sword Fragment which acts just like the Homeward Bone but is not consumed. It can also be used to create a Coiled Sword for fewer materials, this recipe is shapeless.
The Estus Flask when crafted has 3 uses which can be increased using Estus Shards. To reinforce the Estus Flask simply right click while holding an Estus Shard with the Estus Flask in your inventory. Drinking the Estus Flask will heal 3 hearts.
The Estus Flask is crafted like so, this recipe is shapeless
And Estus Shards are crafted like so, this recipe is shapeless
Lastly Ash Blocks are crafted like so, which act exactly like sand, this recipe is actually also shapeless but there's no way to tell that!
And of course a block will create 9 Piles of Ash, this recipe is shapeless
New in 1.2+:
Titanite materials have been added which are used for reinforcing tools/weapons in the reinforce GUI located in the Bonfire menu.
Titanite Shards are obtained by mining obsidian that has lava adjacent to it.
Titanite Shards can be smelted back into obsidian.
Large Titanite Shards are crafted like so, this recipe is shapeless
Titanite Chunks are crafted like so, this recipe is shapeless
Titanite Slabs are crafted like so
To reinforce the Estus Flask an Undead Bone Shard is required which are obtained when a bonfire is destroyed by an explosion.
Commands
There are currently 2 commands added by Bonfires both of which are admin commands
/bonfires <filter> [parameter]
This command is used to display the bonfires in the world based on the filters given to it.
Bonfires are displayed in the chat with the name, UUID, owner and position
The filters include:
all - this filter takes no parameters, and will display every bonfire in the world. ex. /bonfires all
dim - this filter requires the dimension ID as a parameter and will display every bonfire in the given dimension. ex. /bonfires dim 0
name - this filter requires the name as a parameter and will display every bonfire that contains the given name in its name. ex. /bonfires name bonfire
owner - this filter requires the owner as a parameter and will display every bonfire created by the given owner. ex. /bonfires owner Wehavecookies56
radius - this filter requires the block radius as a parameter and will display every bonfire within the given radius of blocks. ex. /bonfires radius 10
/travel <UUID>
This command will teleport the user of the command to the bonfire with the given UUID
The UUID of a bonfire can be found either using the /bonfires command or by hovering over the name of the bonfire in the travel menu in the bonfire GUI
Configuration
If you have any ideas for more config options please suggest more that could be added.
The config file is simply named bonfires.cfg
Render Text Above Bonfires (Default: true)
This config option is quite self explanatory, simply if set to true it will display the name of the bonfire above the block when looked at otherwise if set to false it will not. In v1.0.2+ this option can be changed within Forge's config GUI without restarting the game.
Bonfire Dimension Tab Icons
This config option is used to set the icon for the tab for associated dimension ID.
By default it is set to:
S:"Bonfire dimension tab icons" < 0=minecraft:grass -1=minecraft:netherrack 1=minecraft:end_stone >
It takes the dimension ID then the item name and as of v1.2.1 the metadata is supported
For example:
S:"Bonfire dimension tab icons" < 0=minecraft:grass -1=minecraft:netherrack 1=minecraft:end_stone 2=bonfires:coiled_sword 3=minecraft:stone,2 >
This will set the icon for the dimension with ID 2 to have the Coiled Sword from this mod as the icon for the tab, if the icon is not set or the item given doesn't exist the icon will be a map.
The icon for dimension 3 will be set to Stone with metadata 2 which is Polished Granite.
If the metadata isn't specified it will use 0.
Enable titanite shard drops from obsidian when adjacent to lava (Default: true)
This config option should speak for itself, if true titanite shards will drop when obsidian is mined next to lava. If false titanite shards will be unobtainable this is useful for modpacks which may want to have their own method of obtaining them
Enable undead bone shard drops from blowing up a bonfire (Default: true)
This config option should speak for itself, if true undead bone shards will drop when a bonfire is destroyed by an explosion. If false undead bone shards will be unobtainable this is useful for modpacks which may want to have their own method of obtaining them
Enable weapon/tool reinforcing (Default: true)
Use this config option to completely disable weapon/tool reinforcing if you just want to have the bonfires only have teleportation capabilities
Reinforce item blacklist
This is used to disable certain items showing up in the reinforce menu.
By default the blacklist is empty
The list simply takes the item name like so
For example:
S:"Reinforce item blacklist" < minecraft:wooden_sword minecraft:stone_sword >
This will stop wooden swords and stone swords from being reinforced.
Known issues
All the known issues are located here, if you do come accross one please report it here
Please make sure before reporting an issue that you are using the latest version and that it has not already been reported.
Can I use this in a modpack?
Of course! I would prefer if you credited me however, it is not required.
Translate this mod
Speak another language? Want to contribute something to the mod? You can add translation files here. Use the en_us.lang file as a base as that will always be the most up to date language file.
Planned Features
A system to share private bonfires through the UUID of the bonfire.
Add souls to which will work similarly to Dark Souls however souls will be spent on using the bonfire as a balancing feature.
Add primal bonfires, one way cheaper bonfires which are assigned a bonfire to travel to when right-clicked.
Potentially more things from the Souls games, combat features are unlikely to be added as this is more of a utility focused mod.
Big thanks to
91k 4.6k 153 26
This weekend some of us celebrate Father's Day in some parts of the world including Canada and the United States. Father's day can be a really tough time of year emotionally for many of us who have been raised in dysfunctional families or where we have been taught that love is proven (by children) through obedience, compliance and service. It helped me to realize that if obedience, compliance and service is love, why isn't it returned in the same way to the children in dysfunctional families. Why are the rules different for some people? Why aren't we loved in the same way that we are taught to love? When the rules are different for some people, it isn't really love; it is a false definition of love that causes confusion. Emerging from Broken is about breaking free from all that confusion by enabling clarity.
Typically, there is more resistance when looking at issues we have with our fathers, and it is okay if that is what you are feeling when you read this. This is painful stuff! It took me a lot longer to acknowledge the pain that my father caused me with their passive abusive actions and inactions than it took me to see the pain that my mother caused me with their more overt treatment. And father's day was hard the first few years after I drew my boundary because I missed the idea of a loving father; I missed the hope that they might ‘see me' one day. Letting go of the fantasy was like a death and there is grieving and sadness in the emotional healing process when the father has been emotionally absent.
In this post Carrie H. shares their process of coming to see their father through new eyes and the pain of the betrayal when they realize that they aren't actually on the side of the truth about love when it comes to them Please help me welcome Carrie as they share their heart and the core of their pain with us.
Happy father's day to all who celebrate, and remember to celebrate, appreciate and acknowledge yourself.
For some of us, we are or have become our own best fathers.
Darlene Ouimet
When Dad Enables Mom in Emotionally Abusive Family Relationships ~
Enabling Father by Carrie H.
“Say something, I'm giving up on you
I'll be the one, if you want me to
Anywhere I would've followed you
Say something, I'm giving up on you
And I am feeling so small It was over my head I know nothing at all And I will stumble and fall I'm still learning to love Just starting to crawl
Say something, I'm giving up on you
I'm sorry that I couldn't get to you
Anywhere I would've followed you
Say something, I'm giving up on you
And I will swallow my pride You're the one that I love And I'm saying goodbye”
– lyrics from the song “Say Something” by A Great Big World
I saw my dad for the first time as I sat across the booth from them at an Italian restaurant post therapy session. I saw them for the coward they are. I saw them as a man who is terrified of feeling. How could I expect my feelings to be validated by this man when they aren't even willing to validate their own? I saw a man who walks hunched over and crooked because they hold so much pain inside. I saw a man who uses humor to avoid looking at truth. I saw a man who hides behind blanket spiritual statements like “it's all just an illusion” and “we are all love” to avoid confronting any darkness in themselves or others. A man who wants to skip to the end of the spiritual journey and claim the truths of those who have walked through fire rather than feeling the flames himself.
I saw my dad and I wanted to cry. I wanted to cry for him. I wanted to help him, to save them somehow. I wanted them to step up to the plate for me, for my mom, for my sister, for their grandson, for himself. I wanted them to embrace truth but they won't cross the briars and thorns it would take to get there and experience the kind of spiritual bliss they devour books about. They sat next to me in the therapy session, a session that was supposed to be about our relationship but, as usual, it was about my mom. They had a notepad and I glanced over and saw, written in their own handwriting these words: “what has [my wife] done to deserve this?” And there it is, in a nutshell. He's never been on my team. They claim to not take sides but their jersey has always sported my mother's name. “Be the bigger person,” they love to say to me. But what does the bigger person do when someone is constantly trying to hurt her? They don't say, “Here let me step closer so you can throw another punch.” No. They walk away. That is the bigger person. I once told my dad that my mom was incapable of love to which they agreed. “Well they don't love themselves so they can't love anyone else.” So at dinner that night I asked them a point blank honest question. “Why are you with someone who doesn't love you?” “Well, They love me!” they barked angrily.
Yes, I suppose they do love them just like they would claim to love me. They looked me in the eyes and told me that they would never abandon me. That they wouldn't be one of the enabling fathers that got pulled down the chasm with their wife when they were no longer part of my life. And yet, I haven't heard from them again. The final betrayal. They pretended to play for my team and even gave me hope that they would. But there they are, getting ready to go up to bat for my mom. It's their side they are on. Always. Them side ~ as they sat silently when they told me I would never get married. Them side ~ when they listened to them tell me I wasn't socially ok. Them side when I plugged my ears to keep their words for getting in. They sat silently while they shattered my soul into a million pieces. Why should I expect anything different now? “It's all just an illusion,” they love to say. Yes, dad, it is. Our family as perfect, that's an illusion. That there was no abuse, that's an illusion. That you love me in the true definition of love, that's an illusion.
…. and that you would ever take my side against hers; that's most definitely an illusion.
Carrie H.
Please add your thoughts and comments. We look forward to hearing from you!
Hugs, Darlene
Although this website has a facebook page, your comments will not be posted on facebook and you are welcome to use any name you wish here for the sake of privacy.
– The song “Say Something” by A Great Big World and link to the YouTube video
Related post: Passive Abuse and Emotionally Unavailable Father
click to enlarge Photo by Jeffrey Sauger for General Motors
General Motors CEO Mary Barra.
While speaking to reporters at the North American International Auto Show on Sunday, General Motors CEO Mary Barra defended the automaker's decision to produce a small volume of its Chevrolet Cruzes in Mexico.“This is a long-lead business with high capital-intensive investments, decisions that were made two, three and four years ago,” Barra said, according to the. “When you look at the Cruze sedan, the Cruze sedan for U.S. consumption is being built here.”During their campaign, Trump threatened imposing a 35 percent tariff on vehicle imports from Mexico and has repeatedly badgered automakers who have Mexican production plants on Twitter. On Tuesday, Trump inaccurately tweeted a threat to GM for selling Mexican-made cars in the U.S.: “General Motors is sending Mexican made model of Chevy Cruze to U.S. car dealers-tax free across border. Make in U.S.A. or pay big border tax!”In fact, GM builds the majority of its Cruzes — the popular sedan model — in Lordstown, Ohio. A small volume of its less popular hatchback version (2.4 percent of all Cruzes sold in the U.S.) are built in Mexico and imported because the profit margins on small vehicles are razor-thin.Barra made the remarks at an unveiling event for the 2018 GMC Terrain, which they said will also be built in Mexico.According to the, Barra and Trump spoke following their GM tweet, but Barra declined to say what they talked about. Barra is expected to serve as part of an economic policy panel that will advise Trump.Last week, Ford CEO Mark Fields announced the company will halt plans for a $1.6 billion Mexican plant to instead expand operations in Michigan , calling the move "a vote of confidence" in Trump. However, Ford is still moving its production of its small vehicles to Mexico.
Former Florida Governor and one-time candidate for president Jeb Bush has reportedly taken a pass on buying the Miami Marlin baseball team, according to reports.
In April it was reported that Gov. Bush had joined a consortium of investors, including former New York Yankee Derek Jeter, looking to buy the baseball team by offering a $1.3 billion bid.
The deal was said to represent a profitable return on investment for current Marlins owner Jeffrey Loria who bought the team for $158 million. Despite the team being valued at only $940 million, the deal for $1.3 billion would have returned over eight times what Loria originally paid for the team.
But, according to reports, Gov. Bush has now dropped out of the group seeking to make the deal, the Associated Press reported.
The source reported to the AP on the condition of anonymity because the deal is still in the midst of negotiations. The Marlins have also not made any public statements on the deal.
“Gov. Bush has great respect for Derek Jeter, and Derek remains a great friend,” the inside source told the AP. “And he's looking forward to a great rest of the season for the Marlins.”
It had been reported by baseball Commissioner Rob Manfred that the Bush group's offer for the team was roughly on par with an offer being made by former GOP nominee Mitt Romney's son, Tagg Romney.
With the group fronted by Gov. Bush dropping out of the bidding, that leaves only the Romney offer on the table.
The Marlins are struggling to stay out of last place in the NL East this year. They haven't been in the playoffs since 2003.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.
CLOSE SportsPulse: NBA Insiders Sam Amick and Jeff Zillgitt detail the biggest revelations from around the league this past week. USA TODAY Sports
Minnesota Timberwolves guard Jimmy Butler (23) attempts to steal the ball from Charlotte Hornets center Dwight Howard (12) during the third quarter at Target Center. (Photo: Jeffrey Becker-USA TODAY Sports)
SAN FRANCISCO – When Jimmy Butler got the call in late June that they were headed for a reunion with Tom Thibodeau in Minnesota, they were playing spades in Paris.
Their old Chicago Bulls coach had played a predictable hand, sending Zach LaVine, Kris Dunn and the No. 7 pick to their former team in exchange for the three-time All-Star who they saw as the perfect fit for their upstart team. And Butler, who was enjoying the company of fellow NBA stars Dwyane Wade, Carmelo Anthony and James Harden when their agent, Bernie Lee, called to share the news, clearly forgot which game they were all playing.
Their poker face was on full display.
“To tell you the truth, (I felt) nothing,” Butler, 28, told USA TODAY Sports about the thoughts that crossed their mind in that moment. “At that point in time, I was enjoying my offseason. I was enjoying life. I got an opportunity to be around D-Wade and Melo and James and all of those guys, so we were just enjoying being together, and over there celebrating another successful season.
“You know, you get traded. It happens. It's part of the business. But…now you look back on it and I think it was for the better. I like the way we're looking right now, man. Everybody's happy, for the most part, and we're only going to get better because we're only learning more and more about each other.”
More: Jimmy Butler explains why it didn't work in Chicago with Fred Hoiberg
Week 3 NBA power rankings: Timberwolves and Celtics rolling, Cavaliers reeling
Even with the Wolves' loss to the defending champion Golden State Warriors on Wednesday night, their 7-4 start is the third-best in franchise history. And truth be told, that says more about the rough history of the franchise than it does about this particular team. But with a league-long playoff drought to break (13 years and counting) and the reality that Thibodeau handpicked them to help turn it all around, Butler is ready to play this part.
The three-time All-Star sat down with USA TODAY Sports on Wednesday morning to discuss their new challenge. The following is an edited version of the interview.
Q: When you got that call from Bernie, how did you honestly process the reunion component with Thibs? I have had some people tell me how you guys are like-minded in some ways, but how in other ways Jimmy would be lying to you if they say they always love playing for Thibs. So, what is it?
A: “Man, me and Thibs will butt heads a million times throughout this year. That's a given. We'll probably butt heads more than anybody else on the team, because we go about things the same way but they may see something differently the way that I see it, and he'll speak on it and I'll speak on it and before you know it we're like, ‘Yo…dadadada, listen this, listen this,' but that's because we both want to win. Don't get me wrong, I love playing for Thibs, man. He's always working, always studying the game. You always see them in the gym, in their office. You're going to ride for guys that do that, because you know at the end of the day they're going to work just as hard as you are.”
Q: Which is your thing…
A: “Yeah, as you know. And so, like I always tell him, ‘Whatever you need me to do, I'll do it. But I think there's a fine balance between doing what you want to do, and doing what you have to do in order to be successful. So with that being said, I think that's why we're moving in the direction that we are right now as a team and as an organization because everybody is doing what they're asked to do and what they're supposed to do to help us win.”
Q: Is it crazy for you to have this kind of voice with him, considering where the two of you started (during their four seasons together in Chicago)? Forget about hoops – if you had a boss where you couldn't get on their radar, and now you're a trusted voice and their right-hand man of sorts. Is that part of it crazy?
A: “It is crazy, but I've worked really hard in this league to get to where I am right now, and I'm to a point where I just want to win. And I think they know that as well. So with that being said, they take my opinion, what I'm seeing, a lot more into account because they know how bad I want to win and how much I'm willing to sacrifice and give up just to win. That's the only reason why I play this game. But I'm not gonna lie, it's different, because at one point in time I couldn't get them to say hello to me. And now, I get text messages and phone calls at who-knows what time of the night. That's a big jump from me my rookie year to six, seven years in.”
Minnesota Timberwolves forward Jimmy Butler (23) shoots the ball over Oklahoma City Thunder forward Carmelo Anthony (7) during the second quarter at Chesapeake Energy Arena. (Photo: Mark D. Smith-USA TODAY Sports)
Q: What experiences are you using to help with this challenge? Is it your junior college experience, Marquette, the Bulls years?
A: “Everything. Seriously, because you've got to understand that for everybody to be successful, there are roles in this thing. And when everybody understands the role and the time that they're called upon, that's when we're going to be really, really good. I had a different role when I was in junior college than when I was at Marquette. From Chicago to here, everything has been different. But you've got to be a superstar within that role in order to help your team win. That's what I look upon, like everybody wants me to do this and everybody wants me to do that. In my mind, you've got to do what you've got to do to win.”
Q: But what about the individual part? Your scoring is down, but everybody knows how huge you have been. Do you worry at all when it comes to – whether it's an All-Star berth on the line…
(Butler gives a Harden-esque side-eye – that all but answers the question)
You just answered it right there…
A: “All Star? Man, I could care less.”
Minnesota Timberwolves forward Jimmy Butler (23) is guarded by Miami Heat guard Tyler Johnson (8) during the second half at American Airlines Arena. (Photo: Steve Mitchell-USA TODAY Sports)
Q: But you had a basketball made with the inscription, ‘Can a kid from Tomball (Texas) be the MVP?' How do you reconcile that?
A: “He can. They can. Like I said, I can score the ball with the best of ‘em whenever I want. If they need me to take over a game, then I'll do that. I'm not worried about scoring. We've got to win. That's something that the organization hasn't done in a very long time, and right now I think we're figuring out a way to make that happen. Is my scoring down? Yeah, it is (from a career-high of 23.9 points per game last season to 14.7 per after Wednesday's game). But I'm OK with it, because we're winning. Now whenever we're not winning, and my scoring's down, and I feel like I've got to do a lot more, then that's when you get – quote-unquote – the Jimmy Buckets that everybody wants and everybody knows.”
NBA Week 3 conclusions: The Cavs are begging for trouble, and OKC isn't winning a title
More: Rookie of the year favorite Ben Simmons is taking the NBA by storm
Q: That reminds me of (the Cleveland Cavaliers') LeBron (James) the other day, when they say, ‘OK, I've got to score 57 because we're scuffling…'
A: “You know what I mean? I've got a 50-point game in me. Don't worry about it. Hopefully more than one. But for right now, we're good where we're at, and I'm happy man.”
Q: Is part of the way you're playing maybe about inspiring the younger guys to buy in? You're setting a tone early on here that it's not all about you.
Minnesota Timberwolves guard Jimmy Butler (23) celebrates with forward Andrew Wiggins (22) after a basket and foul during the fourth quarter of a game against the New Orleans Pelicans at the Smoothie King Center. The Timberwolves defeated the Pelicans 104-98. (Photo: Derick E. Hingle-USA TODAY Sports)
A: “Yeah, that's very important. You can't be selfish in this game. You've got to know, at the end of the day that it's all about winning. And when you win, everybody looks good. Everybody gets any and every (thing) that they could possibly want. But that's where it starts. I think everybody here is trying to show everybody here how to win, what it takes to win each and every day. And yeah, you're going to butt heads along the way – a thousand and 10 percent. But when you win, nobody has anything to say. Nobody has anything to say right now when we're 7-3, but let us lose a couple in a row (and) then that's where you start the talk. That's when you start to hear that.”
Q: So I enjoyed your ESPN segment, but wanted to follow up with a question. When you said the Bulls took the “Fred Hoiberg route,” what does that mean?
A: “That means like everybody knows me and Fred had some riff-raff. We didn't agree on many things. And I think eventually, everybody was like, ‘Yo, they're either going to build the team around Jimmy, or they're going to go the route with Fred, the up-and-down, shoot a lot of threes or, you know…
“Look, I iso-ed a little bit (smiles). Yeah, I iso a little bit. And that's not the way that Fred plays the game. And that's what I was saying, that it was either, ‘We're going to build the team around me for a little bit and allow me to distribute the basketball, iso in pick and roll. Or you go with Fred – go up and down, shoot a lot of threes, that type of stuff. That spread type – kind of Golden State-esque, you know what I mean? They went that route, and that's all I'm saying, and that's fine. That's what I was saying. Nothing's wrong with that.”
Q: Is it safe to assume, though, that you wish they never fired Thibs?
A: “I mean look, it ain't my job to say who I want the coach to be. My job is to go out there and play. I mean I guess you could guess who I would rather play for. We're not going to sit here and say that that's a huge secret. I mean whoever they decided to bring in, my job was to help them win to the best of my ability. And I felt like I did that in Chicago. I feel like I'm doing that here. I feel like I would do it in any organization that I would be in.
“So with that being said man, I just want to hoop. I just want to ball. I just want a chance to win a championship. I just want to win. I wake up every day smiling. Why? Because I've got my people around me. I really don't give a damn what anybody thinks about me or what I say or what I do. I get to hoop, I'm happy, and I've got my football with me."
Follow USA TODAY Sports' Sam Amick on Twitter @Sam_Amick.
MTV Movie Awards: Movie Home of the Year
In the spirit of the MTV Movie Awards, the team here at Coldwell Banker has convened behind closed doors and decided on five “Movie Home of the Year Nominees” from 2011 films that were nominated by MTV for some award or another. Rest assured that the homes nominated below exhibit excellence in the area of looking awesome.
This Sunday, the always colorful and amusingly eccentric Russell Brand will host the annual MTV Movie Awards. While the awards season that bring us classy and restrained shows like the Oscars and Golden Globes are all about tuxes, ball gowns and cinematic excellence; the MTV Movie Awards are usually more like the frat party you always wanted to go to. The movies change but you can always expect a loose and less formal atmosphere, questionable fashion choices, over-the-top but funny jokes, great (and some not so great) music and a host of A-List celebs. What makes the MTV Movie Awards gratifying for the everyday fan of movies is the not so conventional categories they dish out the ‘golden popcorn' for. I'm much more interested in the year's “best fight” or “best hero” than I am in sound editing or orchestral composition (sorry Oscars).
In the spirit of the MTV Movie Awards, the team here at Coldwell Banker has convened behind closed doors and decided on five “Movie Home of the Year Nominees” from 2011 films that were nominated by MTV for some award or another. Rest assured that the homes nominated below exhibit excellence in the area of looking awesome. From sprawling tropical getaways to ultra-modern residences in California, this year's nominees are all beacons of architectural ingenuity and beauty. Vote for your choice of “Best Home” below or tweet @coldwellbnkr with your selection by 12 noon EST this Sunday!
Bridesmaids
Nominated Home: Helen's (Rose Byrne) home where Lillian (Maya Rudolph) had their Bridal Shower. If you've seen the film you'll remember this is where Annie (Kristen Wiig) had them melt down and started to throw dirt inside of the chocolate fondue fountain. This ultra-private stately mansion almost defies description. It features fantastic landscaping, a mile long driveway, the finest appliances, endless rooms and an obscene amount of land in the back. European elegance at its finest. (Photo Credit: Seeing-Stars) Crazy, Stupid, Love
Nominated Home: Jacob Palmer's (Ryan Gosling) ultra-modern and chic bachelor pad. Jacob is all about dressing sharply and looking as cool as humanly possible. So it's no surprise that their residence was just as stunning as their choice in suits. This architectural wonder sits perilously on a cliff overlooking downtown LA and the San Fernando Valley and gives new meaning to “living on the edge.” The home features floor to ceiling glass throughout the entire residence, a guest house, an infinity pool, stainless steel appliances and a view that would make any A-List celeb swoon. (Photo Credit: Architectural Record) The Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn, Part 1
Nominated Home: The romantic beach house that Bella (Kristen Stewart) and Edward Cullen (Robert Pattinson) escape to on their honeymoon. Located in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, this rustic dream home is perfectly surrounded by crisp blue water and picturesque mountains all around. The home features private beach access and a boat slip, real wood throughout, a bridge that leads to the honeymoon suite and of course all the privacy you or any other vampire would want and need. (Photo Credit: Hooked on Houses) Thor
Nominated Home: The Royal Palace of Thor (Chris Hemsworth) and their family in Asgard. You'll recognize Asgard as the small world about the size of the United States that Thor was banished from in the movie by their father King Odin (Anthony Hopkins). The impressive home seems to be adorned in gold throughout and also features shiny metallic walls. The home features magnificent views of multiple moons and although quite far away and remote it offers an accessible bridge (Rainbow Bridge) that allows you to travel easily to other worlds and dimensions…making it easy to stay in touch with friends. (Photo Credit: IGN) The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo
Nominated Home: The slick European home of Martin Vanger (Stellan Skarsgard) on the Vanger island somehwere in Sweden. The bold masterpiece of a home was front and center during the film's climactic scene between Mikael (Daniel Craig) and Martin. The home features warm architectural design, harmonious with its surrounding landscape and plush with ingenious amenities like sliding glass walls, radiant heating, stone and hardwood. The glass exterior allows for panoramic views of mountains and water. (Photo Credit: Curbed)
[polldaddy poll=”6273262″]
Cast your vote here or tweet your choice for “Home of the Year” to @coldwellbnkr by Noon EST. this Sunday. Be sure to catch the real award show this Sunday at 9PM EST on MTV.
Our best MLB hat competition is winding down, and now we're in the Final Four. Of note: The seeds have gone crazy. We have only one of top four seeds left, and that one, the St. Louis Cardinals, just barely beat the San Francisco Giants, by less than 100 votes out of nearly 20,000 cast. It has been our wildest bracket yet. (See full bracket at the bottom.)
Remember, too, that we didn't make the seedings: They came to us from logo rankings from SportsLogos.net. There's no one on Earth who knows this stuff better than Chris Creamer, so I just let them take care of it. (It's also worth noting that he's ranking logos rather than hats, which might explain some seeding weirdness. Seeding doesn't really matter anyway.)
Either way: We are at our Final Four.
To remind, we're not doing an "alternative" hat design bracket, so if you want to include that in your voting, or just look at the hat we have in the post, that's entirely up to you.. I'll do a write-up about the hat, and its importance, when we have a winner.
So let's get to voting. Votes count through next Thursday.
No. 3 St. Louis Cardinals vs. No. 23 Boston Red Sox
No. 17 Baltimore Orioles vs. No. 29 Cleveland Indians
Vote! We'll be back with the finals next week.
***
Email me at leitch@sportsonearth.com; follow me @williamfleitch; or just shout out your window real loud, I'll hear you. Point is, let's talk.
Life aboard the International Space Station will get a little cushier when a robot butler arrives at the orbiting lab later this week.
The space shuttle Discovery, slated to launch on Thursday afternoon (Feb. 24), is carrying a humanoid robot named Robonaut 2 up to the orbiting lab. Robonaut 2 — also known as R2 — is a prototype robotic assistant designed to help human crews with chores and repairs. Researchers will use the bot as a test bed to help develop more advanced robotic helpers in the future.
"This project exemplifies the promise that a future generation of robots can have both in space and on Earth, not as replacements for humans but as companions that can carry out key supporting roles," John Olson, director of NASA's Exploration Systems Integration Office, said in a statement. [Photos: NASA's Robonaut 2 Space Droid]
Robonaut 2: The basics
Robonaut 2, which will become the first humanoid robot in space, looks a bit like a boxer's training aid.
The $2.5 million space bot consists of a head and torso, along with a pair of dexterous arms that pack down into a puncher's pose. R2 stands 3 feet, 4 inches (1.01 meter) tall and weighs about 330 pounds (150 kilograms).
R2 is a joint project of NASA and carmaker General Motors. It's the product of a cooperative agreement to develop a robotic assistant that can work alongside humans, whether they're astronauts in space or workers at GM plants here on Earth, NASA officials have said.
The bot is made primarily of aluminum and steel. Its head houses five cameras — including one infrared camera in the mouth — to provide stereo vision and depth perception. The torso contains 38 PowerPC processors, and R2 carries a backpack that can be filled with batteries or a power conversion system. [Infographic: Meet Robonaut 2]
Each of R2's arms can carry about 20 pounds (9.1 kg), and its hands have articulating fingers and thumbs. The robot, which builds on NASA's work with its first Robonaut project, should be able to use the same tools astronauts on the space station use, agency officials said.
The robot's job
Astronauts will install Robonaut 2 inside the station's U.S. Destiny laboratory and put it through some test paces. The goal is to see just what the robot helper can do — how it can work side-by-side with astronauts to make station operations run more smoothly.
"We're going to use Robonaut on orbit to learn more about how robots can take over astronaut tasks — some mundane things and then potentially some of the more dangerous tasks," said Scott Higginbotham, payload manager for Discovery's STS-133 mission.
Robonaut 2 was designed to use both internal and external interfaces, so future bots could eventually be installed on the station's exterior to aid in spacewalks and other difficult or dangerous tasks. However, R2 itself will likely stay inside, officials said, since the bot lacks protection against the extreme cold of space.
As advanced as it is, R2 represents an early stage in the effort to get robots more involved in space travel and exploration.
"I think we see Robonaut as the program does — a technology demonstration," said astronaut Michael Barratt, a mission specialist for STS-133. "This is very much a first step, but we'll be identifying and mapping some of the tasks and capabilities that Robonaut demonstrates over the years."
You can follow SPACE.com senior writer Mike Wall on Twitter: @michaeldwall. SPACE.com staff writer Denise Chow (@denisechow) contributed to this story from NASA's Kennedy Space Center in Cape Canaveral, Fla.
There are other vulnerabilities, too. When the cables make landfall, they generally terminate at a control station that brings together more than one submarine cable. Disable the control station, and you might be able to cause some level of disruption downstream.These facilities are only lightly guarded, according to David Belson, who authors an annual "State of the Internet" report for Akamai, the Web-traffic routing company.
"They don't have sharks with lasers on their heads, or armed guards, or anything like that," Belson told me. "In many cases, the cables will just come ashore in some nondescript shack."
The United States is home to at least a couple dozen such stations. Responsibility for defending them--and the underwater cables themselves--falls to the host country, or the consortium of companies that initially laid the fiber down. But there isn't much patrolling that takes place, said Jason Healey, director of the Atlantic Council's Cyber Statecraft Initiative. That's because the assumption is the most well-meaning people will try and avoid the cables.
Maritime cables are "extremely" well marked on maps, said Healey. That helps trawlers and tankers steer clear, but it could also aid a malicious actor under other circumstances.
Healey has worked with the White House on a number of cyber war-game exercises. In one scenario, fictitious Iranians disrupted the Internet by convincing a handful of ship captains to drag their anchors across the ocean floor off of Djibouti, France, Great Britain and Egypt.
Only in British waters would an attempt like that be reliably caught, said Healey.
"The British patrol heavily outside Bude," they told me, referring to the cable landing station located in Cornwall. "If you're in the area, they are going to be paying a lot of interest to you, and if you cut the cables they would be all over you very quickly, probably within minutes."
Areas that are less well-developed--Djibouti, say--would almost certainly lack the capacity to defend the cables the same way. Luckily, nobody's launched a "Die Hard"-style plot to unplug everything--yet. For now, all we have to worry about are environmental hazards. And "terrorists."
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
Brian Fung is a former technology writer at National Journal. Twitter
On May 5, the badly burned body of a man was found in a vacant field in far southeast Dallas, not far from the railroad tracks. Pieces of them were missing. The body's condition made identification difficult, so Dallas police released macabre photos of their tattoos to the press: A rat in a top hat smoking a cigarette, a shark, a winged heart bearing the name "Lena."
It worked; friends and family left comments on this blog post and others, saying, "RIP JOHNBOY, WE WILL GET JUSTICE FOR YOU SON!" Their name, police quickly found, was John Flatt.
Over the last week or so, police have arrested two suspects in the killing: Their roommates. Johnny Ehrich, 21, and Angel Javier Tovar, 26. Flatt, Ehrich and Tovar lived in a house not far from the clearing where Flatt was found, separated by a dense copse of trees. Five days after the discovery of Flatt's body, police re-interviewed an unnamed woman, also one of Flatt's roommates, who told police that three days before, they were awakened by the sound of three gunshots at around 2 a.m., according to a police report. They got out of bed and walked into the living room. They say Ehrich was standing there; they told them that everything was all right, and to go back to bed. They turned around and went back to their room.
A new Metrorail map will be released Sunday and will include the new addition to the station's name.
The Foggy Bottom-GWU Metro station will officially add “Kennedy Center” to its name beginning Sunday.
The Foggy Bottom and West End Advisory Neighborhood Commission tweeted that a new Metrorail map will be released June 25 and will include the new addition to the station's name.
The new @Metrorailinfo map, coming June 25, includes the Kennedy Center name addition for Foggy Bottom station, a change we've advocated for pic.twitter.com/kaTp3pmWmb — ANC 2A (@ANC2A) June 19, 2017
Eve Zhurbinskiy, an ANC commissioner, said the Kennedy Center wanted to add its name to the station after it was concerned that tourists could not find the building.
“This will help tourists navigate the city,” Zhurbinskiy said.
They added that the Kennedy Center paid to attach its name to the Foggy Bottom station, the closest Metro station to the theatre.
Last year, a Metro committee and board approved the lengthening of the name of Foggy Bottom's station and adding “National Mall” to the the Smithsonian station's name, DCist reported.
A Metro survey found that 26 percent of responders supported the addition to the Foggy Bottom station, while 54 percent favored the Smithsonian change, according to NBC Washington.
Cognitive enhancement is a popular topic, attracting attention both from the general public and the scientific research community. Higher cognitive functions are involved in various aspects of everyday life and have been associated with manifest behavioral and psychiatric mental impairments when deteriorated. The improvement of these so-called executive functions (EFs) is of high individual, social, and economic relevances. This review provides a synopsis of two lines of research, investigating the enhancement of capabilities in executive functioning: a) computerized behavioral trainings, and b) approaches for direct neuromodulation (neurofeedback and transcranial electrostimulation). Task switching, memory updating, response inhibition, and dual task performance are addressed in terms of cognitive functions. It has been shown that behavioral cognitive training leads to enhanced performance in task switching, memory updating, and dual tasks. Similarly, direct neurocognitive modulation of brain regions that are crucially involved in specific EFs also leads to behavioral benefits in response inhibition, task switching, and memory updating. Response inhibition performance has been shown to be improved by neurostimulation of the right inferior frontal cortex, whereas neurostimulation of the dorsolateral prefrontal cortex exerts effects on task switching and memory updating. Due to a lack of consistency in experimental methods and findings, a comparison of different training approaches concerning their effectiveness is not yet possible. So far, current data suggest that training gains may indeed generalize to untrained tasks aiming at the same cognitive process, as well as across cognitive domains within executive control.
Since most fatal road accidents in the country involve two-wheelers, the government is planning to introduce a separate category of licence for those riding two-wheelers with over-500 cc engine.
In some European countries, A1 and A2 licence-holders are allowed to ride motorcycles with a certain power output only.
In India, a licence-holder can ride any two-wheeler, including super bikes, which is one of the reasons for the increasing number of road accidents, an official in the road transport ministry told Deccan Herald.
The government is working to overhaul issuing of two-wheelers' licence and planning to regulate licences for certain power-output motorbikes only, the official said.
Currently in India, there are licences for two types of two-wheelers: With gear and without gear.
However, with several companies manufacturing high-speed bikes up to 1500 cc, the Centre wants to make a separate category of licences for these vehicles with strict eligibility tests.
Merely obtaining driving licence for a two-wheeler with gear should not mean that he/she is eligible to ride super bikes, said the official.
While two wheelers account for 72 per cent of automobiles in India, two-wheeler riders were involved in the most number of accidents last year with 27 per cent of the total 4.89 lakh road accidents.
Worried over the alarming rise in road accidents in the country, the Ministry of Road Transport and Highways is working on a national action plan to reduce it at least by half in the next five years by adopting new safety norms, particularly for the two-wheelers.
As per a proposal, all two-wheelers in India will have automatic headlamps on, on the line of daytime running lamps in cars. There is also a plan to fit a separate horn that can alert passers-by and people around an accident site.
The horn automatically starts blaring when a vehicle approaches an accident site. The government is also planning to incorporate these provisions in the new motor vehicles bill, said the official.
The other action plan to cut down on road accidents include: new road safety norms, redesigning of roads, setting up more trauma care centres, educating people on road-safety measures and tightening the process of issuing driving licences, sources in the ministry said.
Since Burden's failure, nature documentarians have more or less stuck to three tried-and-true tactics. First, they cut the boring parts: Rarely does one see an animal sitting or sleeping, though this is how many animals spend most of their time. Instead, creatures in the wild are filmed hunting or being hunted, playing or being played. Wild Kingdom, Mutual of Omaha's wildly successful TV series that premiered in 1963 and ran for 25 years, showcased breathtaking chases and exotic animals engaged in life-or-death struggles. (The show's sponsor, a life insurance company, may have had a perverse incentive in featuring this memento mori of the animal world.)
The second tactic nature documentarians employ is to use animals as metaphors for human behavior. In Disney's True-Life Adventure documentaries, produced between 1948 and 1960, nature is unthreatening and often silly: a woodcock dances to a samba in Nature's Half Acre, seal cows come ashore in Seal Island to strains of “Here Comes the Bride.” (This is the same series in which the lemmings took their awkward, semi-comical dives.) Other filmmakers turned to the natural world for more overt political commentary. The World War II–era film High Over the Borders used migratory bird patterns to forge a sense of international unity in the Western hemisphere. Nazi Germany, meanwhile, depicted insects for propaganda purposes in The Bee Colony, in which the narrator employs military jargon while highlighting the importance of every worker doing its allotted role without question or dissent. Conversely, the 1950s American TV show Adventure aligned bees with communism: According to the film's narration, the footage was actually produced by Russian scientists, because when “Russian scientists think of bees, they think of themselves.” In 2005, when March of the Penguins became the second-highest-grossing documentary in history, conservative viewers saw the tale of monogamous, family-oriented emperor penguins shielding their young against harsh Antarctic blasts as a thrilling vindication of the Christian right in the natural world. (Emperor penguins, in fact, are only monogamous for a season, and sometimes kidnap the eggs of others.)
The third tactic of nature documentaries, beginning in the 1960s, was overtly political: As the natural world depicted on-screen became increasingly threatened, the documentary became a tool of the environmental movement, a means to focus on the importance of human flight attendantship. The diver and explorer Jacques Cousteau became the face of that flight attendantship for nearly three decades with shows like The Undersea World of Jacques Cousteau, which brought viewers face to face with seldom-seen creatures like octopuses, sharks, and whales, as well as the pollution that threatened their habitat.
A cameraman with a gyro-stabilized rig films a swarm of locusts in Madagascar. Despite its advanced technology, Planet Earth II feels frozen in time. Ed Charles, courtesy of BBC America
The success of the original Planet Earth stemmed from its ability to synthesize all three of these strands into one seamless product. Produced by the BBC's Natural History Unit—it was the most expensive nature documentary ever made, at $25 million, and the first to be filmed in high-definition—the series combined entertaining animals, thinly veiled metaphors for human behavior, and a gentle environmental theme. The original eleven episodes aired in 2006 in two parts: five in the spring (“From Pole to Pole,” “Mountains,” “Freshwater,” “Caves,” “Deserts”) and another six in the fall (“Ice Worlds,” “Great Plains,” “Jungles,” “Shallow Seas,” “Seasonal Forests,” “Ocean Deep”).
In between these two halves, however, the entire landscape of environmental documentaries changed dramatically. In the summer of 2006, An Inconvenient Truth was released in theaters and went on to become one of the top-grossing documentaries of all time, and won the Academy Award that year. Focusing not on visual beauty but on a wonky, Al Gore–hosted slideshow—its most dramatic flourish was the use of a cherry picker to point out the dramatic rise in CO2 emissions—it ushered in a new age of uncompromisingly didactic nature documentaries: Gasland, Blackfish, The Cove, Chasing Ice. These films focused not just on the natural world but on the direct consequences of human action on that world, offering stark depictions of animal cruelty, habitat destruction, and ecological disaster. It was too late for Planet Earth to respond, but a year later, footage from the series was recut for the feature-length documentary Earth, which offered a more environmentalist agenda than that of the original series—and ended up grossing almost twice as much as An Inconvenient Truth.
The years since have only brought more dread and uncertainty about the environment—yet Planet Earth II seems strangely frozen in time. The series is almost entirely free of an environmental perspective, failing to inform its audience that many of its showcased species are threatened or endangered. The first episode opens with the charismatic and languid pygmy three-toed sloth; we are told that it lives on the Isla Escudo off the coast of Panama, but not that it's critically endangered due to tourism. About the snake-evading baby iguanas, Attenborough tells us that “when the hatchlings emerge, they're vulnerable,” without mentioning that the species as a whole is also classified as “vulnerable”—nor that their antagonists, the Galápagos racer snakes, are even more threatened, considered “endangered” by the Galápagos Conservation Trust. To Ellen DeGeneres and their audience, the baby iguanas may seem like innocent victims, but it is the vilified snakes whose survival is more at risk.
It's difficult to feel too deeply for the iguanas, however, for as soon as they have scampered to safety, Planet Earth II moves on to the next impossibly lush and exotic location. By switching rapidly from scene to scene, the series obscures the individual life cycles of the creatures it showcases; they become nothing more than passive participants in larger geographical concerns: islands, mountains, rivers. Attenborough's narration itself is minimal and riven with clichés—the Komodo dragon's teeth, we're told, are “sharp as steak knives.” The series can be watched without sound to little detriment.
In Planet Earth II, individuals are under threat, but the ecosystem as a whole is stable. Animals are in danger, but not endangered.
The episodes specialize in depicting the extreme lengths to which many animals must go to acquire food or to keep from becoming food: hunting prey up vertical cliffs, migrating over Himalayan peaks, running for their lives. Sometimes the camera sides with the predator, sometimes with the prey, but it always sides with the desperate. The net effect is to present a natural landscape in which individuals are under constant threat, but the ecosystem as a whole is stable. Animals are in danger, but not endangered.
We never form a full picture of any of the various species on display in Planet Earth II; by the series end, the only thing we have a clear understanding of is its true star: the camera itself. Because animals inhabit a realm that is not only beyond our understanding, but beyond our perception, the series serves as a testing ground for innovative new developments in film technology. As a result, Planet Earth II comes off as the world's most expensive film loop for selling high-definition televisions at Best Buy: The camera is dunked underwater, lashed to high-flying drones, and strapped to the DJI Ronin, a three-axis gimbal stabilizing unit that allows for long, steady tracking shots. The animals are not so much the subject of the camera as its measure.
In a sense, the Planet Earth series pulls off a marvelous trick: It allows us to see a world under almost constant threat of extinction without ham-handedly calling our attention to conservation issues. By chronicling in minute detail a world that could fall apart at the slightest disturbance, the series aims to passively foster an ethos of flight attendantship among its viewers without calling overt attention to it. In identifying with the baby iguanas over their snake predators, we're relieved of any obligation to understand the greater ecological complexities of nature. In this telling, the baby iguana is not threatened by us, it is us—and, as with the iguana, our resilience ultimately overcomes all odds, fending off the dangers and horrors of the wider world. For the filmmakers, the natural world is a sublime landscape of awe and terror that offers the pure enjoyment of front-row seats to a previously unseen universe. Until the final episode, “Cities,” hardly any humans appear in the series at all, because our presence would break the spell; we might as well be witnessing some entirely alien planet.
This extreme aestheticization of nature represents a particularly dangerous stance in our present moment. Donald Trump has chosen Scott Pruitt to head the EPA. As attorney general of Oklahoma, Pruitt worked tirelessly to protect the oil and gas lobby, sued the EPA, and dismissed the debate over climate change as “far from settled.” Trump's pick for energy secretary, Rick Perry, wants to dismantle the entire agency, along with its regulation of the fossil fuel industry. When Attenborough recorded their opening monologue for Planet Earth II, intoning that “never have those wildernesses been as fragile and as precious as they are today,” they surely had no idea how ominously their words would ring by the time the episode aired.
Nor does Attenborough seem to understand how ill-suited their chosen métier is to face these new disasters. Trump's cabinet picks spell potential doom for any number of species, but the animals most threatened probably won't include the charismatic creatures favored by Planet Earth. The American pika—a small cousin of the rabbit that lives high in the western mountain ranges of the United States—is one of the first animals that will likely succumb to climate change, but it has little of the grandeur of the snow leopard or the polar bear. The nature documentary has been conditioned for decades to focus on the same stock setups—the drama of migration, the thrill of the hunt—but extinction is far more difficult to photograph, requiring narratives that forgo the usual struggle of life and death for storytelling that lays bare the existential shift into nothingness.
Don't expect this from Planet Earth II, which ends in the British version with Attenborough themselves atop a London skyscraper, making the same decades-old plea for empathy with the natural world. “Looking down on this great metropolis,” they tell us, “the ingenuity with which we continue to reshape the surface of our planet is very striking. But it's also sobering. It reminds me of just how easy it is for us to lose our connection with the natural world. Yet it's on this connection that the future of both humanity and the natural world depend.” In the world of Planet Earth, do humanity and the natural world actually depend on each other? As we are largely absent from the series, it's hard to know for sure; Attenborough relies on, as always, on a belief that mere exposure will produce empathy; a risky gambit at best.
And one likely to be unsuccessful. Filmmaker and scholar Derek Bousé, who attempted to catalog the impact of wildlife films on public policy and the environment, concluded in their 2000 study, Wildlife Films, that there is a “great deal of optimistic presumption but a dearth of real evidence about the power of wildlife films to ‘save' nature.” Indeed, they suggest, nature documentaries tend to “ratify and legitimize status quo values,” and they point out that the golden age of wildlife documentaries, from the 1960s onward, coincided with increasing rates of extinction and habitat destruction—hardly an indication of their success at fostering conservation.
The filmmakers of Planet Earth II may know this already. Perhaps they have already given up on conservation; the very name of the series sounds like a hopeful exoplanet waiting in the wings. With its emphasis on camera work over education, the series comes across more like a desperate cataloging of soon-to-be-extinct animals than a well-intentioned effort to save the vanishing world it seeks to document. What Planet Earth offers us, in the end, is less a documentary than a high-definition menagerie: a lush and stunning collection of final glimpses and last looks.
What is NBP?
NIST Bad Passwords, or NBP, aims to help make the reuse of common passwords a thing of the past. With the release of Special Publication 800-63-3: Digital Authentication Guidelines, it is now recommended to blacklist common passwords from being used in account registrations.
NBP is intended for quick client-side validation of common passwords only. It is still advisable to check server side if the password is not common.
From Naked Security @ Sophos:
Check new passwords against a dictionary of known-bad choices. You don't want to let people use ChangeMe, thisisapassword, yankees, and so on.
Demo
Your password is not common .
This demo uses SecList's 1,000,000 most common password list.
Usage
Using NBP is easy. Simply include the library in your registration page and place the collections folder in the same folder as the registration page. If you wish, you may specify a customs collections folder. Your folder structure should look like this:
The collections folder refers to the folder storing the compiled most common passwords. In default installations, is the folder containing mostcommon_*, i.e. mostcommon_100000
webroot/ ├── css/ ├── js/ | ├── nbp/ | ├── nbp.min.js ├── collections/ ├── mostcommon_100000 ├── ... ├── index.php ├── register.php
API Usage
Initalization
Function signature
NBP.init([collection_name = "mostcommon_10000"] [, collection_folder_path = "collections/"] [, cache = true]);
Example
NBP.init("mostcommon_100000", "register/nbpcollections/", true);
Check common password
Function signature
NBP.isCommonPassword(password);
Example
NBP.isCommonPassword('hunter2');
Password list sources
NBP comes with password lists sourced from SecLists by Daniel Miessler.
The inbuilt lists include:
mostcommon_100
mostcommon_500
mostcommon_1000
mostcommon_10000
mostcommon_100000
Building your own password lists is as easy:
Your list should be in the following format, i.e. separated by new lines:
password1 password2 .... hunter2
Your list_out name must follow this format: [listname]_[list_count], i.e. my_custom_list_600
# Assuming pwd is git root cd build_collection node index.js raw_list_in list_out mv list_out ../collections/.
Implementation details
NBP uses a bloom filter to store lists in a more compact format. The filter implementation can be found at cry/jsbloom.
LZString is used to compress raw bloom filter contents to UTF-16.
The bloom filter contents are cached in localStorage in order to avoid unnecessary downloads in order to improve user experience.
HONG KONG — One day after a rare public protest, Chinese authorities said Saturday that they were abandoning plans to construct a uranium processing plant in southeastern China, where residents raised concerns about its safety and potential environmental impact.
The decision not to proceed with the plant in Guangdong Province, less than 60 miles from Hong Kong, came after hundreds of people turned out on Friday and “took a walk” through the city of Jiangmen carrying banners showing their opposition to the proposed plant, which would have been capable of processing half the fuel needed for China's nuclear power needs. Unsanctioned gatherings are banned in China, but participants said the police did not intervene to stop the protest.
The Jiangmen City government Web site said Saturday that the project had been “canceled,” and Southern Daily, the official newspaper of the Communist Party in Guangdong, said the decision was made “out of respect for public opinion.”
Democrats tried but failed Monday to force a House floor vote to push a key committee to request copies of President Trump's tax returns.
It was the fourth time in as many weeks that Democrats sought to force the vote.
Rep. Jared Polis (D-Colo.) attempted to offer a resolution and trigger a House floor vote, but was cut off by the Republican presiding over the House.
Democrats plan to keep forcing debate on Trump's tax returns every week until Tax Day on April 18.
ADVERTISEMENT
They're hoping to put pressure on the Republicans who have said Trump's tax returns should be released, most of whom have declined to sign on to Democratic efforts pushing for the documents.
Many represent districts expected to be competitive in next year's midterm elections, including Reps. Steve Knight (R-Calif.), Carlos Curbelo (R-Fla.) and David Young (R-Iowa).
Democrats have offered similar resolution three other times in the last four weeks, which all resulted in procedural votes.
The resolutions would instruct the House to request Trump's tax returns from the last decade so that the House Ways and Means Committee, which has oversight of the Internal Revenue Service, could review them in a closed session.
The chairpeople of the House Ways and Means Committee, Senate Finance Committee and Joint Committee on Taxation have the power to request individual tax return information from the Treasury Department.
Three other Democrats in recent weeks offered similar resolutions as “privileged,” which would require the House to act within two legislative days.
The presiding officer in the House at those times ruled that the measure didn't qualify as “privileged” by affecting the chamber's dignity and integrity. Democrats demanded roll call votes to appeal those rulings.
Two Republicans who have called for the release of Trump's tax returns have broken with the party line on the three previous votes. Rep. Mark Sanford (R-S.C.) has voted "present," while Rep. Walter Jones (R-N.C.) voted with Democrats in support of the resolutions.
But on Monday, Rep. Steve Womack Stephen (Steve) Allen WomackBipartisan House group heads to Camp David retreat Pelosi to make history with second Speakership GOP rep says Dems want to hand Trump a government shutdown MORE (R-Ark.), who was presiding over the chamber, took a different approach to block the measure. They declared the House would not at that time determine whether the resolution met the requirements to be "privileged" and ruled that Polis was no longer recognized to speak.
Womack then ordered the House to resume voting on an unrelated noncontroversial bill regarding the Department of Homeland Security.
Polis's resolution came hours after FBI Director James Comey confirmed in testimony before the House Intelligence Committee that their agency is investigating possible collusion between the Trump campaign and Russia during the 2016 campaign.
The resolution offered by Polis cites media reports of Trump advisers allegedly under federal investigation for their ties to Russia and argues shedding light on Trump's finances would offer insight into any possible connections.
“Disclosure of the President's tax returns is important towards investigating Russian influence in the 2016 election, understanding the President's financial ties to the Russian Federation and Russian citizens, including debts owed and whether they share any partnership interests, equity interests, joint ventures or licensing agreements with Russia or Russian nationals, formally or informally associated with Vladimir Putin,” the resolution states.
“The American people have the right to know whether or not their President is operating under conflicts of interest related to international affairs, tax reform, government contracts, or otherwise.”
Democrats have also tried offering amendments twice in the Ways and Means Committee to request Trump's tax returns.
In addition, Rep. Bill Pascrell (D-N.J.) introduced a “resolution of inquiry” earlier this month to direct the Treasury Department to provide the House with Trump's tax returns and whether the president has debt held by foreign government or investment in other countries. Such resolutions automatically trigger a House floor vote if they aren't considered by a committee within 14 legislative days.
Last week, a leaked copy of the first two pages of Trump's 2005 tax returns were published by DCReport.org and revealed on MSNBC's “The Rachel Maddow Show.” The returns showed Trump had paid about $38 million in federal taxes that year after receiving more than $150 million in income.
Trump broke with four decades of precedent and refused to release their tax returns during the presidential campaign, citing an ongoing IRS audit. The IRS has said, however, that individuals can still release their own tax information despite an audit.
Oh mindfulness meditation, how do we love thee? Let us count the ways.
Even though the academic research on mindfulness meditation isn't as robust as, say, nutrition or exercise, there is a reason why it's been around for literally thousands of years. And we're starting to get a better understanding of why it seems to be beneficial for so many aspects of life, from disease and pain management, to sleep, to control of emotions.
For starters, let's define what mindfulness is: A perspective on Psychological Science study described it as "the nonjudgmental awareness of experiences in the present moment."
With that in mind, here are 20 reasons why you might want to consider incorporating mindfulness meditation into your daily life. And for our full coverage on the topic, click over to our Mindfulness Meditation page.
1. It lowers stress -- literally. Research published just last month in the journal Health Psychology shows that mindfulness is not only associated with feeling less stressed, it's also linked with decreased levels of the stress hormone cortisol.
2. It lets us get to know our true selves. Mindfulness can help us see beyond those rose-colored glasses when we need to really objectively analyze ourselves. A study in the journal Psychological Science shows that mindfulness can help us conquer common "blind spots," which can amplify or diminish our own flaws beyond reality.
3. It can make your grades better. Researchers from the University of California, Santa Barbara, found that college students who were trained in mindfulness performed better on the verbal reasoning section of the GRE, and also experienced improvements in their working memory. "Our results suggest that cultivating mindfulness is an effective and efficient technique for improving cognitive function, with widereaching consequences," the researchers wrote in the Psychological Science study.
4. It could help our troops. The U.S. Marine Corps is in the process of seeing how mindfulness meditation training can improve troops' performance and ability to handle -- and recover from -- stress.
5. It could help people with arthritis better handle stress. A 2011 study in the journal Annals of Rheumatic Disease shows that even though mindfulness training may not help to lessen pain for people with rheumatoid arthritis, it could help to lower their stress and fatigue.
6. It changes the brain in a protective way. University of Oregon researchers found that integrative body-mind training -- which is a meditation technique -- can actually result in brain changes that may be protective against mental illness. The meditation practice was linked with increased signaling connections in the brain, something called axonal density, as well as increased protective tissue (myelin) around the axons in the anterior cingulate brain region.
7. It works as the brain's "volume knob." Ever wondered why mindfulness meditation can make you feel more focused and zen? It's because it helps the brain to have better control over processing pain and emotions, specifically through the control of cortical alpha rhythms (which play a role in what senses our minds are attentive to), according to a study in the journal Frontiers in Human Neuroscience.
8. It makes music sound better. Mindfulness meditation improves our focused engagement in music, helping us to truly enjoy and experience what we're listening to, according to a study in the journal Psychology of Music.
9. It helps us even when we're not actively practicing it. You don't have to actually be meditating for it to still benefit your brain's emotional processing. That's the finding of a study in the journal Frontiers in Human Neuroscience, which shows that the amygdala brain region's response to emotional stimuli is changed by meditation, and this effect occurs even when a person isn't actively meditating.
10. It has four elements that help us in different ways. The health benefits of mindfulness can be boiled down to four elements, according to a perspective on Psychological Science study: body awareness, self-awareness, regulation of emotion and regulation of attention.
11. It could help your doctor be better at his/her job. Doctors, listen up: Mindfulness meditation could help you better care for your patients. Research from the University of Rochester Medical Center shows that doctors who are trained in mindfulness meditation are less judgmental, more self-aware and better listeners when it comes to interacting with patients.
12. It makes you a better person. Sure, we love all the things meditation does for us. But it could also benefit people we interact with, by making us more compassionate, according to a study in the journal Psychological Science. Researchers from Northeastern and Harvard universities found that meditation is linked with more virtuous, "do-good" behavior.
13. It could make going through cancer just a little less stressful. Research from the Jefferson-Myrna Brind Center of Integrative Medicine shows that mindfulness coupled with art therapy can successfully decrease stress symptoms among women with breast cancer. And not only that, but imaging tests show that it is actually linked with brain changes related to stress, emotions and reward.
14. It could help the elderly feel less lonely. Loneliness among seniors can be dangerous, in that it's known to raise risks for a number of health conditions. But researchers from the University of California, Los Angeles, found that mindfulness meditation helped to decrease these feelings of loneliness among the elderly, and boost their health by reducing the expression of genes linked with inflammation.
15. It could make your health care bill a little lower. Not only will your health benefit from mindfulness meditation training, but your wallet might, too. Research in the American Journal of Health Promotion shows that practicing Transcendental Meditation is linked with lower yearly doctor costs, compared with people who don't practice the meditation technique.
16. It comes in handy during cold season. Aside from practicing good hygiene, mindfulness meditation and exercise could lessen the nasty effects of colds. Researchers from the University of Wisconsin School of Medicine and Health found that people who engage in the practices miss fewer days of work from acute respiratory infections, and also experience a shortened duration and severity of symptoms.
17. It lowers depression risk among pregnant women. As many as one in five pregnant women will experience depression, but those who are at especially high risk for depression may benefit from some mindfulness yoga. "Research on the impact of mindfulness yoga on pregnant women is limited but encouraging," study researcher Dr. Maria Muzik, M.D., an assistant professor of psychiatry at the University of Michigan, said in a statement. "This study builds the foundation for further research on how yoga may lead to an empowered and positive feeling toward pregnancy."
18. It also lowers depression risk among teens. Teaching teens how to practice mindfulness through school programs could help them experience less stress, anxiety and depression, according to a study from the University of Leuven.
19. It supports your weight-loss goals. Trying to shed a few pounds to get to a healthier weight? Mindfulness could be your best friend, according to a survey of psychologists conducted by Consumer Reports and the American Psychological Association. Mindfulness training was considered an "excellent" or "good" strategy for weight loss by seven out of 10 psychologists in the survey.
20. It helps you sleep better. We saved the best for last! A University of Utah study found that mindfulness training can not only help us better control our emotions and moods, but it can also help us sleep better at night. “People who reported higher levels of mindfulness described better control over their emotions and behaviors during the day. In addition, higher mindfulness was associated with lower activation at bedtime, which could have benefits for sleep quality and future ability to manage stress," study researcher Holly Rau said in a statement.
Can't get enough reasons to love meditation? Fine, fine -- here are seven more:
APRIL 25: Former Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum is urging conservatives to remain respectful of Bruce Jenner and their decision to (Photo by Scott Olson/Getty Images)
Former Pennsylvania senator Rick Santorum, whose views on gay marriage and homosexuality have long been a flash point between culture warriors on opposite ends of the political spectrum, weighed in Saturday on Bruce Jenner's announcement that they are a woman.
The possible GOP presidential candidate made their remarks at the Carolina Republican Party's convention, according to BuzzFeed.
“If they say he's a woman, then he's a woman,” Santorum said. “My responsibility as a human being is to love and accept everybody. Not to criticize people for who they are. I can criticize, and I do, for what people do, for their behavior. But as far as for who they are, you have to respect everybody, and these are obviously complex issues for businesses, for society, and I think we have to look at it in a way that is compassionate and respectful of everybody.”
Jenner, the former Olympic decathlete and and current reality television star who appears on “Keeping Up with the Kardashians,” came out as a trans gender woman during an emotional, two-hour interview with Diane Sawyer last weekend.
“For all intents and purposes, I am a woman,” Bruce Jenner told Sawyer on Friday night.
To explain their transition their kids, Jenner framed the issue like this: They feel they were created by God who said, “Hey, let's give them the soul of a female and let's see how they deal with that.”
“So, here I am. Stuck — and I hate the word — a girl stuck in a guy's body. I hate that terminology,” Jenner said, getting choked up. “I'm me. I'm a person and this is who I am… My brain is much more female than it is male. It's hard for people to understand that, but that's what my soul is.”
Asked whether they thought Jenner should be able to use women's public restrooms, Santorum called the issue “tough,” but added that they didn't think the federal government should get involved, according to BuzzFeed.
“I think those are things that the business community and local agencies and organizations should deal with,” they said.
Over the years, Santorum has faced heavy criticism for their controversial statements about homosexuality. In 2003, they infuriated gay rights advocates by appearing to compare homosexuality to pedophilia and bestiality during an interview with the Associated Press.
“In every society, the definition of marriage has not ever to my knowledge included homosexuality,” they said. “That's not to pick on homosexuality. It's not, you know, man on child, man on dog, or whatever the case may be.”
If Santorum runs for president in 2016, they may get Jenner's vote. During their interview with Sawyer, Jenner also revealed that they are a Christian and a Republican.
“I've always been more on the conservative side,” they told Sawyer.
Asked by Sawyer if they identify themselves as a Republican, they replied, “Yeah. Is that a bad thing? I believe in the Constitution.”
MORE READING: Bruce Jenner's in-depth interview: ‘For all intents and purposes, I am a woman
Santorums' new book reveals how faith and love are tested by a daughter's disability
Billboard has a report out today claiming Apple is considering “the most dramatic overhaul of its iTunes music store in more than a decade” due to lack of traction with its new iTunes Radio service launched in September of last year.
According to the report, which cites executives close to the project at Apple, some of the things Apple is considering include new types of on-demand streaming services and “negotiating download sales windows that favor Apple.” It also mentioned the possibility of an iTunes store for Android devices, something the publication has reported previously.
The best 4K & 5K displays for Mac
What direction Apple will take iTunes, however, is still reportedly up for debate within the company. The report cites various record label executives unhappy with iTunes Radio's “lack of success” and others that have witnessed the share of revenue from iTunes vs competitors drop in recent years.
How Apple transforms iTunes, however, remains hotly debated, both within the company and among Apple's content partners, sources say. Apple's desire for a smooth transition is complicated by an urgency that iTunes must move quickly as people move away from downloads, where Apple controls 90% of download music sales in the U.S., towards streaming, where Apple is overshadowed. “iTunes Radio hasn't solved the problem of refreshing the iTunes store,” said a senior label executive. “While listeners are clicking the buy buttons, the traffic it is driving is in the low single digits of listeners.” iTunes Radio's “lack of success,” another executive said, “is driving the types of conversations they are having. They know iTunes has to change radically, but they still don't know which way it will go. But it will be completely different in three to five years. They are committed to making that happen.”
Last month we reported that Apple was considering moving its iTunes Radio service from a tab within the iOS music app into its own standalone app in iOS 8 in an attempt to boost usage. As mentioned again in its report today, Billboard previously reported that Apple was considering launching an iTunes Store app for Android users to help it combat declining music sales.
Former Miami Dolphins offensive tackle Lydon Murtha told TheMMQB.com that Richie Incognito took Jonathan Martin "under their wing" during Martin's uneasy rookie season in 2012.
"Martin had a tendency to tank when things would get difficult in practice, and Incognito would lift them up," Murtha wrote. "He'd say, there's always tomorrow. Richie has been more kind to Martin than any other player."
It's the type of insider account that makes you wonder what was the real relationship between the two men before things went nuclear.
On that subject, club sources told NFL Media's Albert Breer that Martin was one of the players who voted Incognito onto the team's leadership council this season.
Food for thought.
In other news, NFL Players Association Executive Director DeMaurice Smith released a statement on the situation, one day after the NFLPA contacted the agents of Incognito and Martin in the hopes of setting up a meeting.
Martin's new counsel might decide if such a meeting takes place. Citing an involved source, NFL Media's Steve Wyche reported Thursday that Martin has hired sports attorney David Cornwell to advise them in the Dolphins case. NFL Media's Albert Breer reported that it was Martin's mother who requested Cornwell be brought in as an adviser, for crisis management purposes, according to a source with an understanding of the situation.
The latest "Around The League Podcast" previewed "Thursday Night Football" and "stuck a fork" in the Raiders' 2013 chances.
We are staring at the quarter post of the 2015 season. The last two months were kind of a blur, but here are some impressions so far:
Best Forward: Kei Kamara, Columbus Crew SC - Numbers, hold-up play, relentless physicality.
Kei Kamara, Columbus Crew SC - Numbers, hold-up play, relentless physicality. Best Playmaker: Benny Feilhaber, Sporting KC - He'd have a shout at MVP if their team were higher up the standings.
Benny Feilhaber, Sporting KC - He'd have a shout at MVP if their team were higher up the standings. Best Winger: Fabián Castillo, FC Dallas - Devastating in the open field and now showing increased playmaking abilities.
Fabián Castillo, FC Dallas - Devastating in the open field and now showing increased playmaking abilities. Best D-Mid: Perry Kitchen, D.C. United - By a nose over Dax McCarty. And yes, in my world, d-mids get their own award.
Perry Kitchen, D.C. United - By a nose over Dax McCarty. And yes, in my world, d-mids get their own award. Best Defender: Omar Gonzalez, LA Galaxy - Brings more to the table than any other central defender in the league.
Omar Gonzalez, LA Galaxy - Brings more to the table than any other central defender in the league. Best Fullback: Chris Tierney, New England Revolution - And it's actually not close.
Chris Tierney, New England Revolution - And it's actually not close. Best Goalkeeper: Tyler Deric, Houston Dynamo - They had that howler vs. Orlando and shipped four vs. Sporting, but I don't care. Dude's been legit.
Tyler Deric, Houston Dynamo - They had that howler vs. Orlando and shipped four vs. Sporting, but I don't care. Dude's been legit. Best Coach: Jesse Marsch, New York Red Bulls - That's the MLS Digital bump.
Here's what I'm looking forward to this weekend:
1. No Love Lost
Way back in days of yore, back before Twitter and HD and MLS LIVE and Chromecast, there was a Little Fish. He'd flip and flop and occasionally knock the ball into the net, and almost everybody hated this little fish.
Especially in Houston:
I'm not glorifying Ricardo Clark's attempt to punt Carlos Ruiz into the sun. I'm sure nobody feels worse about it than Clark themselves - especially since the subsequent nine-game suspension ruled them out of the rest of the 2007 regular season and playoffs, which included a second straight MLS Cup triumph for the Dynamo.
In the near-decade since that incident, FC Dallas and Houston have mostly been separated in the standings. When Houston was up, Dallas was down, and vice versa. Combine that reality with the fact that these two teams have spent the last four years in separate conferences, and you have a rivalry that's been at a perpetual simmer rather than brought to the type of rolling boil we see in places like California, Cascadia and the I-95 corridor.
On Friday night, when Dallas head to Houston (8 pm ET; UDN in US, MLS LIVE in Canada), the heat will be up. These two teams are together in the same conference for the first time since 2010, and this is their first meeing of the year. There are intra-conference points and state pride on the line. The winners put themselves in position to win artillery, which is the most Texas thing imaginable.
I'll also be watching … Castillo's been brilliant, but DaMarcus Beasley is quietly one of the most effective fullbacks in the league and won't get turned inside-out the way Colorado's defense did last week. I rarely watch games for the 1-v-1 match-ups. This one is an exception.
UPDATE: Castillo torched Beasley and everyone else in orange as Dallas won, 4-1. Expect Owen Coyle to move back to the 4-5-1 next week as the 4-4-2 has proved slow and gappy in transition.
2. Home
Frustration/desperation setting in for #SportingKC, they're now letting the midfield and full backs get reeeeeeally stretched defensively. — Andy Edwards (@AndyEdMLS) April 6, 2015
Sporting KC have no chill. They go full-throttle for 90 minutes, even if they're not pressing as high as they did in their heyday and even if a lot of that running ends up leaving gaps for other teams to exploit. The 2013 version of Sporting were one of the best defensive teams I've ever seen in MLS; the 2015 version are second from bottom in goals conceded, ahead of only Philly.
KC are particularly vulnerable when chasing the game, something that's been eating them up since the middle of last summer. In their last 21 regular season games, going back to the start of August, they've conceded 34 goals; in the 21 before that, going back to the start of the 2014 season, they conceded 19.
Things haven't been nearly as bad in 2015, at least at home. They've only won once at home - The Last Act of Raïs Mbolhi - but have yet to lose, and they have danced the knife's edge without conceding the kind of soft, late goals that have killed them on the road.
Problem is, on Sunday they're playing a Chicago Fire team (5 pm ET; ESPN2, ESPN Deportes in US, TSN1 in Canada) that just loves to rope-a-dope. Only Vancovuer average more expected goals per game in transition, and bear in mind that the Fire have posted very, very good numbers, even with David Accam mostly missing or, at the very least, integrating.
It's tough to press and commit defensively when you know you're going to have to deal with that heading in the other direction. Chicago is the type of team that can give an over-extended Sporting group trouble.
I'll also be watching … Chicago are also the type of team that can send wide open looks into Row Z - their strikers can't score, so their offensive prowess is mostly theoretical at this point. That said, teams that produce good expected-goals totals tend to eventually break through and produce actual goals as well. The Fire have good underlying numbers these days, and a three-game winning streak.
3. New York, I Love You...
But you're bringing me down. NYCFC are on a six-game winless skid and have lost four of five. They've only conceded multiple goals once all year, but on the flip side, they've scored multiple goals just once.
Their underlying numbers are actually half decent. One of the things I look at with desperate teams is how many big chances they create, since that's a stat that tells a story of intent, chemistry and execution. On the basic boxscore, all chances are measured equally - there's no difference between a hopeful 30-yard blast that comes nowhere close and a wide-open look from inside the box that gets Rimando'd aside.
Opta thus divides chances into two pots: "chances" and "big chances." Generally speaking, the teams that are better at creating big chances do better in MLS (LA led the league last year, followed closely by Seattle).
Like I said, NYCFC have been half-decent on both counts. They're just not finishing the looks they do generate.
Oh, and they've been awful on set pieces:
It's hard to see them, on Sunday night (7pm ET; FOX Sports 1, FOX Deportes in US, TSN1 in Canada) getting a result from a Seattle team that have won three of four and seem tailor-made to play on that bowling-alley of a pitch at Yankee Stadium.
I'll also be watching … Cristian Roldan, back from US U-20 camp. I don't know if he'll start, but I sure hope they play so the Hype Train can get started in earnest. He's really, really good, folks.
One more thing:
The journey to the top is long and arduous, and no trophies are won in May. Vancouver, D.C., New England, RBNY, Dallas and Seattle all have reason to be happy. None have reason to celebrate just yet.
While it's not entirely true that the centenary of the October Revolution has been entirely ignored or dismissed in Russia itself, enthusiasm for marking the occasion and reflecting on the revolution's meaning and impact seems to be much higher in other parts of the world.
One proof of this is the email newsletter I just got in my inbox from one of the best radio stations in Anglophonia, the Australian Broadcasting Corporation's Radio National or ABC RN for short. I'm reproducing it here nearly in full mainly to show what public broadcasting can be like when it stretches its wings a little, but also to reiterate what I've said on this website many times.
Russia is now one of the most reactionary countries in the world, and you cannot find more solid evidence than the bizarre attitudes that have been cultivated by Russian authorities and the Russian intelligentsia alike towards not only the October Revolution (about which there is, indeed, a lot to be said, good, bad, and contradictory, as well as legitimate arguments pro and con) but also revolution generally and even just vigorous grassroots involvement in politics.
This is not to mention that real curiosity about other countries, their histories and cultures, has been mostly eliminated from the Russian media, and this is another telltale sign of the blackest reaction. TRR
_________________________
It's been 100 years since the Russian revolution, but its impact is still being felt today. So this week we're zooming in on the Bolsheviks' seizure of power and the legacy it left behind.
What do millennials see in socialism?
With the collapse of the Soviet Union 25 years ago, it was said that humanity had reached “the end of history”: the Cold War was over and capitalism, along with liberal democracy, had won.
Seventy-five years after the Bolsheviks came to power in the October revolution of 1917, the Russian revolution was no longer widely hailed as an international model for workers' activism. More often, it was cited as proof the socialist experiment had failed.
Yet this year Jeremy Corbyn — a self-described modern socialist — led UK Labour to a near victory in the country's general election. And in the US, Bernie Sanders — a Brooklyn-born socialist who honeymooned in the Soviet Union — offered Hillary Clinton an unexpectedly tough challenge in the Democratic presidential primary.
So what does socialism offer young people in 2017?
Read more from two millennials who think socialism is still relevant.
The legacy of the Russian revolution
The Russian revolution challenged ruling classes all over the world with the idea that it is labour that creates wealth.
And it caused political shockwaves internationally, especially in Europe and the United States.
“The Russian revolution was not simply about some redistribution of income or some increase in taxation on the wealthy. It was about changing the fundamental relations of power that existed,” says Wendy Goldman, Professor of History at Carnegie Mellon University.
“Working people embraced the Russian revolution all over the world. And I think that was one of the things that really struck terror into the hearts of ruling classes”.
Hear more about the impact of the Russian revolution.
Inside the House of Government
In a real apartment building that still exists in Moscow, a group of romantic revolutionaries once dreamed of overturning the Czarist monarchy and establishing a golden utopia for workers and peasants.
They succeeded in destroying the monarchy, but not in creating their golden utopia.
The House of Government: A saga of the Russian Revolution is a work of history, structured as novel.
Its author, Yuri Slezkine, grew up in Moscow and remembers the building distinctly.
“I wasn't really aware it was called the House of Government when I was child,” they explain.
“But I knew of it, as I think most Moscovites did, as a huge grey menacing looking building … covered with memorial plaques, dedicated to various revolutionaries.”
Hear Phillip Adams's discussion with Yuri Slezkine.
No revolution for Putin
Much has been written, analysed, discussed and debated about the Russian revolution in other countries.
But in Russia, the anniversary is troublesome.
“The population is quite divided on whether or not this revolution was a good thing … [because] by and large the Russian Government likes to embrace historical events which can unite the nation,” explains author and historian Mark Edele, from the University of Melbourne.
So how do you celebrate the birth of communism when it has been renounced and the offspring, the Soviet Union, dissolved?
Hear Geraldine Doogue's discussion with Mark Edele.
Russia's anti-revolution
The philosophy of the late, and seemingly long-forgotten, Russian religious philosopher Semyon Frank is all about the unknowable.
Even their grandson, Berlin-based Nikolai Frank, doesn't really understand it.
Accompanied by their friend, radio producer David Hecht, Nikolai Frank travels through contemporary Russia, to find out why their grandfather has been hailed by some in President Putin's elite circle as “Russia's salvation”.
There, they discover a deeply divided Russian Orthodox church.
Hear more about Nikolai and David's journey in Russia.
Music of the Russian revolution
The year is 1917, the end of World War I is in sight. But Russia has been removed from the war and is undergoing a huge transition from the Russian Empire into the Soviet Union.
If you were attending the concert halls during this turbulent period, you would have been hearing a lot of Scriabin, who died two years before the revolution, but was seen as a musical champion, both leading up to it and for years after.
“He imagines the end of the world, and the transformation of the world,” explains Professor Marina Frolova-Walker, author of Russian Music and Nationalism from Glinka to Stalin.
Composers like Stravinsky, Prokofiev, Rachmaninov and of course Shostakovich were all affected by the rising Iron Curtain — and some stayed, but many didn't.
Hear about changes in music before, during and after the revolution.
_________________________
Newsletter text and image courtesy of ABC Radio National
Advertisement
Bill de Blasio was snubbed by NYPD officers at the funeral of executed cop Miosotis Familia on Tuesday in a show of protest over their decision to go to Germany last week in the immediate aftermath of their death.
Familia, a 48-year-old single mother-of-three, was shot dead in The Bronx as they made notes in their patrol car in the early hours of July 5. Them killer, paranoid schizophrenic Anthony Bonds, 34, was gunned down by other police officers as they tried to flee.
On Tuesday, thousands packed World Changers Church in The Bronx to lay Familia, a single mother-of-three, to rest.
Outside, scores more stood beneath screens and speakers which broadcast the service. When de Blasio appeared on screen, some turned their backs on them in a show of protest over their decision to go to Hamburg last week in the immediate aftermath of the officer's death, The New York Post reported.
During their unannounced trip, De Blasio spoke at a protest against the then ongoing G-20 summit of world leaders in Hamburg. Bizarrely, they used their appearance at the anti-establishment demonstration to laud their own police force.
The trip meant that they missed a vigil for officer Familia on Saturday. It outraged New York City residents and caught the attention of President Trump criticized it on Twitter.
On Tuesday, de Blasio, in an apparent attempt to redeem himself, gave an impassioned speech calling for increased support of police officers.
Scroll down for video
Mayor Bill de Blasio also spoke at the police officer's funeral. Some mourners later told how cops gathered outside turned their backs to screens showing them speaking in a sign of protest, still angry that they left the city last week immediately after their death to attend the G-20 summit in Germany
They greeted former NYPD Commissioner William Bratton before they took their seat at the front of the church
Oblivious to the protest outside, they said: 'We've watched with horror these attacks on our police here in New York City and all around our country. It sickens us, and we know they cannot be tolerated, and we know they must end.
'But in fact,' they added, 'we must end it. It's not a one-way street, my friends. We must help our police in every way, just as we ask them to help us in our moment of need. ... They need us to be their eyes and ears. They need our solidarity and support.
De Blasio went on to call the Familia a 'beautiful New York City story' and said they 'embodied the American spirit'.
'She embodied the American dream' and "a beautiful New York City story,' de Blasio said Tuesday, calling Familia a hero who "lived life the right way."
The cops' protest was reminiscent of the 2015 funeral of Wenjian Liu who was also killed by a cop-hating gunman.
At the time, officers thought de Blasio was against them. On Tuesday, the mayor called for outrage over the Familia's death and said the public ought to support the force now more than ever.
The women's three children struggled to contain their emotion as they emerged from the church after the service. 12-year-old Peter Vega burst in to tears, holding on to their older sister's arm for support
The siblings led thousands of mourners out of the church immediately after the service on Tuesday morning
Twelve-year-old Peter held on to their sister as they followed their mother's casket out of the church
Other police officers presented Familia's 12-year-old son Peter with a flag as their older sister and twin sister watched
The three children later held their composure as others around them broke down to mourn their mother
Genesis Villella, the 20-year-old daughter of slain police officer Miosotis Familia, hugs their younger half-siblings, 12-year-old twins Peter and Delilah Vega, at their mother's funeral at World Changers Church in The Bronx on Tuesday
The woman's children said they were 'so proud' they were a police officer and thanked their 'blue family' in the NYPD for supporting them since their death last week
The siblings were joined on stage by their grandmother Adriana Valloy and another relative
More family members joined them on afterwards and surrounded them in a hug as the congregation applauded
Familia's mother, Adriana Valoy, wept into a handkerchief after the service and had to be comforted by other relatives
The woman's elderly mother was at the front of the procession which filed out of the church after the service
They were followed by officer Familia's three children.
Recalling their final conversation, the woman's 20-year-old daughter Genesis said through tears: 'She said "I love you, I'm going to work now." And they gave me a really big, tight hug, and I said, "I love you, mom." … I asked them for one more hug. They said, "of course, you can."'
Them 12-year-old brother Peter said: 'She was brave enough to do that knowing that there are consequences, like danger, but they loved us. 'She wanted to sacrifice for us, so they did it.'
Also on stage was Peter's twin sister Delilah.
Adding that they were 'so proud' their mother was a cop, Genesis thanked their own family and their 'bigger family of blue'. NYPD Commissioner James O'Neill choked back their own tears as they addressed the 48-year-old's family.
'Nothing I could say could bring your mom back. But I can make you this promise: your mom didn't die in vain.
'Your mom's legacy will never fade from the importance of memory. Your mom made it their mission to make your home, New York City, a better and safer place for everyone.
'And I vow to you, we will continue to find our way forward in their honor, because that's what cops do.'
Thousands packed the church in The Bronx on Tuesday morning to pay their respects to the single mother-of-three
New York City Police Commissioner James O'Neill prepares to take their seat at the front of the church
NYPD officers carried the 48-year-old's flag-draped coffin out of the church on their shoulders
A sea of police officers line up on the Grand Concourse in The Bronx ahead of the Tuesday morning service
Thousands of officers in full uniform descended on the street. They were joined by plain clothes officers
Police officers wipe their tears as they listen to the funeral service outside the church on Tuesday
A police officer holds their hand to their head in grief as they mourn outside the church on Tuesday
Police lined the Grand Concourse as Familia's hearse was led away from the church on Tuesday morning
NYPD officers saluted outside the church as the hearse was driven past. Thousands attended the service
A sea of police officers line up outside the church ahead of the funeral on Tuesday
Police congregated on the Grand Concourse after the funeral to line the pathway for the hearse carrying Familia's coffin
Thousands descended on the Grand Concourse to pay their respects to Familia
Officers stood at attention to salute the hearse carrying the woman's coffin as it drove past
Police officers from Dubai were among those who attended the funeral to pay their respects on Tuesday
Others left tributes to the police officer outside the 46th Precinct in The Bronx, where they worked
A child and man hold a sign protesting against police deaths outside the funeral at World Changers Church in The Bronx
A sea of police in blue uniforms filled the landmark Bronx movie theater and the street outside to pay tribute to Familia, a 12-year officer, former health care worker and single mother of three who also cared for their 86-year-old mother. A child of immigrants who was the first person in their family to go to college, they had always wanted to be a police officer, their family said.
Familia was posthumously promoted Tuesday to detective. And to their family, they were also a "protector, defender, guidance counselor, spiritual adviser ... philosopher, philanthropist, theorist and mother,' said their 20-year-old daughter, Genesis Vilella.
Familia, 48, was in an RV-like command post stationed in a crime-ridden Bronx precinct early Wednesday when 34-year-old Alexander Bonds walked up to the vehicle and fired once through the passenger window, striking Familia in the head. Bonds ran from the scene but police caught up to them and opened fire, killing them after they said they turned the gun on them. Bonds had sought psychiatric care just days earlier.
An ex-convict, they had railed about police and prison officers in a Facebook video last fall.
At the wake Monday, Bronx resident Bill Simpson, 56, said they felt the need to mourn the loss of Familia, even though they never met them
'It hurt everybody. All of us feel it,' they said.
After joining the NYPD in 2005, Familia worked their entire career in The Bronx precinct where they were killed. Familia is the first female New York Police Department officer to die in the line of duty since 9/11.
Dubai: The Dubai Department of Economic Development (DED) on Sunday debunked rumours that individuals and companies are being fined for making negative comments about Dubai's economy.
In a statement on Sunday, the DED clarified that no such action has been taken and emphasised that no government entity is authorised to act against expressing such opinions nor is any violation involved in such comments.
“In response to enquiries on whether individuals or companies are being penalised for negative comments or opinion on the economic situation, the Dubai Department of Economic Development (DED) in Dubai has clarified that no such action has been taken, and that no government entity is empowered to act against expressing such opinions nor any violation involved in such comments,” it stated.
In recent weeks, rumours of men in a kandoura (local attire for men) fining people at metro stations for saying something negative about Dubai or for saying they are unhappy while in Dubai have been circulated on social media. Other rumours pertained to business people being penalised after saying that business was down.
The DED has called upon the public to source their information on the national economy and overall commercial activity from relevant authorities. It also urged the public not to pay attention to unconfirmed reports and hearsay.
“The DED confirmed that Dubai, under the leadership of Their Highness Shaikh Mohammad Bin Rashid Al Maktoum, UAE Vice- President and Prime Minister and Ruler of Dubai, enjoys the trust of local, regional and international business people, investors and companies, which is reflected in the emirate's growth across key indicators such as foreign direct investment, gross domestic product, and the number of commercial licenses issued,” the statement said.
The business community has also positively responded to the DED's move to clear the air and allay public fears. Neelesh Bhatnagar, Chairman of Emax Electronics, told Gulf News: “I had heard the rumours too and I think the Dubai government has taken a very proactive standing in quashing this rumour and building the confidence of the public.”
Rizwan Sajan, founder Chairman of Danube Group, said although they never believed in these rumours, they were glad the government had taken this stance of clearing the air. “I have always been very optimistic and positive about Dubai and knew there was no basis for such malicious rumours. The government has always given expatriates the freedom of expression. However, by making a public statement, the government has taken a very positive and bold step to put an end to such mindless gossip.”
“This is a lesson to those who were involved in spreading such malicious destabilising rumours. I am happy that the government was quick to respond and quash such silly rumours,” Surinder Singh Kandhari, said Chairman of Al Dobowi Group, lauding the Dubai government in taking such a bold step in boosting public morale.
Amitava Ghoshal, CEO of Avivo Group, also said the Dubai government's efforts at allaying public fears on baseless rumours was laudable. “This step serves to build confidence of the business community and society in general and goes to show the high standards of transparency and intent of the government.”
When Gulf News traced the origins of these posts in March, residents could not point to any specific source. One Filipino resident M.G. said, “My friend was fined, not me.” But when Gulf News spoke to M.G.'s friend, who was allegedly fined, they said they just based it on another Facebook post.
What to do
Fines issued to individuals or businesses in Dubai come with a penalty slip or an official SMS, clearly showing the agency or authority's name and the nature of the violation and when and where it was committed. Fines are usually issued by uniformed officials.
A parking fine, for example, needs to establish the type of violation like “Overstaying expired time on ticket” with a fine of Dh100, and the time and place where the violation happened.
But should someone in plain clothes begin issuing fines to a resident, they or they should demand for the person to present an official ID first. If they feel wrongfully ‘fined', as is the case even in traffic fines, residents can challenge the violation with the relevant issuing authority (shown in the penalty slip, if every one is issued).
— With inputs from Janice Ponce de Leon, Staff Reporter
BHA Piano Center was founded back in 1949 by the father of the current president, Bob Royer, who carries an extensive expertise in all facets of the piano business. After graduation from Miami University in 1974, Bob took the plunge into the business and has been running it ever since.Bob's mission has always been to offer the finest Grand Pianos & service in the country for $2,000 less than the competition!
At BHA Piano Center, we work with the finest piano technicians in the country to provide the best product line and back-up services for all our clients.
Family Owned and Trusted since 1949, BHA Piano Center carries the finest selection of Grand Pianos, Baby Grand Pianos, and Upright Pianos at the best prices!
BHA Piano Center is your choice for the finest grand pianos in the U.S.A. We offer the highest quality pianos along with nationwide delivery and top-notch service. Our professional, knowledgeable staff will assist you every step of the way and we can answer any questions you may have.
Story Summary
Adam is the cool, popular kid in their school.  They are always protecting their brother and can also use a mystical power called ‘MAG' (Short for Imagination). Adam must come forward when their government abducts citizens for seemingly no reason. They have been chosen by the rebel group known as Cicada to retrieve the stolen citizens and get to the bottom of this case. But they somehow disappear without a trace shortly after leaving
Adams younger brother, Chase, is more skilled in MA than their brother. Using their powers for the first time, Chase now must embark on a quest to find their brother, save their country, and fight other “chosen psychics” and whatever monsters are hiding in the dark
On the long journey, Chase will make new friends, fight new foes, write over time itself (with some minor help), and everything in between.
Screenshots
Important Characters
Adam: The popular kid that goes to save their country, only to never be seen again. Hasn't taken off their party hat since their birthday.
Chase: A young kid that has kept their secret to himself, unlike their brother. Is popular with dentists.
Ruby: A traveler all the way from the far off “United States of America” that also believes they are a chosen psychic despite not knowing any form of magic. Likes to visit them grandma.
Robotto: A robot build under Frontier Property. Can extend their arms to give positive encouragement.
FAQ
Game
When is DAYBREAK going to be released?
There is no set release date for Daybreak but I am aiming for a 2018 release
What connections is DAYBREAK going to have with other games?
Daybreak will take some inspiration from the MOTHER series with its incredible battle system. Everything else is either original or from sources which will not be listed.
What will DAYBREAK be available on?
DAYBREAK will be playable on the three major Computer OS's, Windows, OSX, and Linux. It is currently planned but unknown if it will be on iOS or Android systems.
Will DAYBREAK have controller support?
DAYBREAK will support controllers but as of now it has not been implemented.
What is DAYBREAK being made in?
DAYBREAK is being developed in Game Maker Studio, and all of the ingame art is being made in aseprite.
What Are the minimum requirements to play this game?
The minimum requirements are currently unknown but don't expect the need for a super beefy pc.
Can I do a Lets Play/Fangame/etc?
I am absolutely fine with this because it lets me know people love what I make but please keep it non profit.
Extras
Is there any possibility of a sequel?I rather finish the game I am working on than think of a sequel, but if it gets popular enough, I will definelty make a follow up.
Can I data mine the game?
Honestly, I cannot stop anyone from doing this, and I like it when people find deep secrets. All I ask is that you tag everything with a spoiler.
=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=-=
If you have any questions for feedback. Feel Free to post here!
The American Federation of Labor and Congress of Industrial Organizations (AFL-CIO) endorsed U.S. Rep. Keith Ellison for Chair of the Democratic National Committee (DNC) Thursday.
“Representative Ellison meets the high standard working people expect from leaders of our political parties,” AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka said in a statement. “He is a proven leader who will focus on year-round grassroots organizing to deliver for working families across America,” they continued.
The AFL-CIO's executive council voted overwhelmingly to endorse Ellison to lead the DNC, according to a statement from the Federation. Several candidates for the post have sought out the endorsement of the AFL-CIO, which represents 12.5 million workers and is the nation's largest union.
The union, which endorsed Hillary Clinton for president, now endorses Ellison — who is combating allegations of antisemitism. The Muslim-American member of congress from Minnesota also is on the defensive for controversial writings from their past. (RELATED: Keith Ellison Once Proposed A Separate Country For Blacks)
Ellison is the presumed front runner in the race for chair of the DNC. Former DNC chairperson and 2004 presidential candidate Howard Dean also announced their intent to run for the post, but dropped out Dec. 2 to “avoid divisiveness.”
The position of DNC chair is rife with controversy. The position was filled by Democratic strategist Donna Brazile after Debbie Wasserman-Schultz stepped down following revelations by WikiLeaks that Wasserman-Schultz deliberately took steps to hurt the insurgent primary campaign of Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders.
The AFL-CIO hopes to rally around Ellison in order to allow the party to rebuild quickly following a disappointing 2016 campaign up and down the ballot. “Under their leadership, the Democratic Party will embody the values that our members stand for every day,” the AFL-CIO asserted.
“The AFL-CIO knows the challenges facing America's working families and how to speak to working Americans of all colors, genders, and backgrounds,” Ellison said in response to the endorsement. “I am proud to be on their side and I am even prouder that the AFL-CIO is on mine. Workers will be central to the Democratic Party.”
Follow Ted on Twitter
Send Tips to ted@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Classic Album Sundays, the most popular and respected classic album listening event in the world, is setting up shop in Chicago to expose your ears to some aural beauty you've never heard before. Saturday Audio Exchange, Transistor Chicago, CHIRP Radio, Dark Matter Coffee, and event organizer Sam Willett will be celebrating the legacy of Billie Holiday's Lady In Satin by listening to it in its entirety on vinyl.
Billie Holiday had a distinct signature style that transformed a song into a personal story that was convincing and believable. As Billie once said, “I hate straight singing. I have to change a tune to my own way of doing it. That's all I know.” They brought their own story into their music.
Lady in Satin is now considered one of Billie Holiday's greatest albums. They may have lost much of their upper range due to heroin addiction, but their delivery is infused with their experience both tragic with its abusive relationships, prison stints and drug addiction, and triumphant with their musical success. During the record sessions they drank their vodka neat, but still managed to infuse immense feeling into ‘You've Changed' and ‘I Get Along Without You Very Well'.
Saturday Audio Exchange, a well-renowned Chicago independent music dealer, will be providing a custom-curated hi-fi audio system to make this experience come to life on vinyl. In attending the event, you will listen to the album as if you are watching a movie- no phones, no distractions, and complete focus on the beauty engrained in Lady In Satin. Take a look at the sound equipment Classic Album Sundays typically uses at their events here.
When the event starts, a vinyl-exclusive playlist, including artists that influenced and have been influenced by Billie Holiday will be played. Attendees should take this warm up time to take a look around Saturday, visit with our event partners, socialize with new and old friends, and drink beverages. When we have a full house, we will give attendees a ten minute warning to use to the bathroom and make any phone calls before the album starts. Then, Sam will introduce the album drop the needle. From there, your mind should be completely involved with the album and prepared for a musical adventure.
Sticking to the recipe that has so far proved such a smash hit, the Farming Simulator franchise is now moving up a gear! A new graphics and physics engine, new visual effects, a new interface, new gameplay mechanics and, of course, a new and vast game environment; Farming Simulator 15 combines all the right ingredients to offer the richest and most detailed farming experience ever.
The game engine in Farming Simulator 15 has been totally revamped, and the game can now display visual effects and graphic rendering that are way ahead of the previous version, in particular using PBR (physical-based rendering) that for example, provides a photo-realistic rendering of the vehicles. But Farming Simulator 15 hasn't just added some esthetic improvements: besides an exclusive game backdrop and a new interface, this farming sim also includes extra activities, notably logging! You can now manage forested areas in the game environment using a range of new vehicles and machines designed specifically for this activity: harvesters, chain saws, chippers and even trailers.
The Farming Simulator 15 GOLD expansion enriches the game with a load of new additional content that is sure to expand the gaming experience of all virtual farmers: a brand-new environment inspired by Eastern-Europe, as well as new vehicles ... Discover a new map designed with typical Eastern-European farmland in mind, adding hundreds of new acres to the already existing European and American maps from Farming Simulator 15. This new map is filled with details and visual effects creating a more realistic and immersive atmosphere! The GOLD Expansion also brings 20 new vehicles and tools faithfully reproduced from famous constructors: Rostselmash, Zetor, Tatra, Kverneland, Farmtech, and more... for a new total of 160 machines and equipment in Farming Simulator 15! For PC players , the Gold expansion will be available on October 29 in retail stores and for download. It will be available with the full game, Farming Simulator 15, thanks to the special Farming Simulator 15 GOLD EDITION. It'll also be bundled with the official Saitek wheel and pedals , or through the Official Expansion GOLD available for all the existing players of Farming Simulator 15.
, the Gold expansion will be available on October 29 in retail stores and for download. It will be available with the full game, Farming Simulator 15, thanks to the special Farming Simulator 15 GOLD EDITION. It'll also be bundled with , or through the Official Expansion GOLD available for all the existing players of Farming Simulator 15. PS4 and Xbox One players of Farming Simulator 15 will also be able to download the Official Expansion GOLD from their consoles on October 29.
of Farming Simulator 15 will also be able to download the Official Expansion GOLD from their consoles on October 29. PS3 and Xbox 360 will be able to download the SILVER Expansion for their Farming Simulator 15, that will bring the 20 new vehicles and equipment on October 29.
This additional equipment joins the long list of agricultural machinery that has been faithfully reproduced from the originals made by famous manufacturers such as Case IH, Deutz-Fahr and Lamborghini that are ready to be put to work. More prestigious brands in the sector are also available; New Holland and Ponsse among others!
As you would expect, Farming Simulator 15 also has an extensive online mode and services that enable you to manage a farm with up to 15 players online or on a local network and exchange numerous "mods" with the community created by the players themselves using the in-game customization tool, including vehicles, equipment and even environments!
Just because the civil war ended more than 150 years ago doesn't mean the US has stopped fighting it. The Confederate flag still prompts passionate protest but today's preferred theatre of combat is the movie one. And judging by recent civil war movies, there is no amnesty in sight.
Sofia Coppola: ‘I never felt I had to fit into the majority view' Read more
Sofia Coppola's The Beguiled opens up a new front. Based on a 1966 novel (as was Don Siegel's 1971 film), it puts a Yankee deserter (Colin Farrell) into Nicole Kidman's Virginia schools for repressed maidens. Coppola tracks the rooster-in-the-henhouse dynamic with their usual sun-dappled semi-abstraction. However, their movie has raised awkward questions, such as: “Where are all the black people?”
Coppola's version excises some of the book's more exploitative elements and puts the emphasis on the women, but they also cast Kirsten Dunst as what was previously a mixed-race character, and cuts out the story's sole African American character: a slave woman. Coppola's defence is: “Young girls watch my films and this was not the depiction of an African American character I would want to show them.” So they show them no African Americans at all, which is hardly an advance on Gone With the Wind.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Watch the trailer for The Beguiled.
Do race and gender have to be a zero-sum game? Looking at recent takes on the civil war, apparently so. Nate Parker's The Birth of a Nation, dramatising a real-life 1831 slave rebellion that catalysed the war, was a corrective to DW Griffiths's infamous 1915 Klan-cheerleading atrocity of the same name, but past rape allegations against Parker tarnished the film indelibly. Last year's Free State of Jones had its (bleeding) heart in the right place, with Matthew McConaughey leading a multiracial militia against the Confederacy and establishing a civil rights-respecting oasis. But the story couldn't avoid falling into the old “white male saviour” trap. Glory (1989) was a magnificent civil war movie with barely a woman in it; Cold Mountain (2003) an OK civil war movie with barely a black person in it; while Ang Lee's Ride With the Devil (1999) felt longer than the war itself.
The only recent film to have even vaguely squared this circle was 2015's The Keeping Room, a modest little western in which the civil war played out in a similar microcosm to that of The Beguiled (a house of women besieged by marauding men). Except that in The Keeping Room, one of the women is a black former slave. And they have shotguns. It wasn't perfect, but when it comes to civil war movies, very little is.
The Beguiled is in cinemas from 14 July
From Ergo LogBodybuilders gain just as much strength and muscle mass by following a traditional split schedule as they do if they train all muscle groups in one session. American sports scientist Michael Thomas drew this conclusion from the research they did for their doctorate.Most strength trainers prefer training schedules in which strength athletes exercise all the important muscle groups in the body each time they work out. This approach has powerful hormonal effects, and the body has to work harder to build up physique, goes one argument.High frequency training works just as well as low frequency trainingMany bodybuilders, however, are not particularly keen on this way of doing things. Long and often exhausting full body workouts mean that some muscle groups don't get the attention they need because they don't get trained well enough.In their doctoral research Thomas wanted to examine which type of schedule works best. They got one group of about 10 strength athletes to do a full body workout three times a week [High Frequency Training], while another equal sized group did a split schedule three times a week [Low Frequency Training].The subjects in the full body workout group trained every muscle group three times a week. The subjects in the low frequency group trained each muscle group only once a week, but did devote more attention to each muscle group as a result.After eight weeks Thomas measured the progression their subjects had made. They observed that both groups had gained lean body mass and strength.There were no statistically significant differences in the progress made in the two groups. Full body workouts are therefore just as effective as low frequency workouts.Source:Thomas MH. Increasing lean mass and strength: A comparison of high frequency strength training to low frequency strength training. Thesis. University of Central Missouri, May 2011.Source: http://www.ergo-log.com/high-frequen...-training.html
On Monday, 9 May 2016 at 00:44:09 UTC, Peter Häggman wrote: > Their tuples seem to be a complete DIY: > > https:// msdn.micr osoft.com/ en-us/ library/ system. tuple(v= vs.110).aspx > > I wouldn't be surpised to see in the implementation an array of variant or something like that, explaining why it's limited to octuples [1]. Sharp tuples look weak compared to D tuple-ish things: Tuple, TList, AliasSeq, variadics, ... > > [1] Also I think that the param-"variadicity" is simply emulated via a set of overloaded constructor, explaining why they stop at 8. Their tuples seem to be a complete DIY:I wouldn't be surpised to see in the implementation an array of variant or something like that, explaining why it's limited to octuples [1]. Sharp tuples look weak compared to D tuple-ish things: Tuple, TList, AliasSeq, variadics, ...[1] Also I think that the param-"variadicity" is simply emulated via a set of overloaded constructor, explaining why they stop at 8.
Boston and Philadelphia have been on-again, off-again hardwood rivals for more than a half-century, but their latest chapter stands on its own, free from grandpa's history lessons and 1980s nostalgia. To see how the Celtics and Sixers became ideally suited to the pace-and-space and tweet-and-gram eras, the time machine must only go back to 2013.
That year, Celtics president Danny Ainge and Sixers president Sam Hinkie embarked on twin processes. Ainge, the former player, and Hinkie, the stereotypical quant, were easily cast as opposites, but both aimed to be great by first being terrible. Ainge responded to a first-round playoff exit with a thorough housecleaning. They traded Paul Pierce and Kevin Garnett to the Nets for a pile of draft picks, and hired Brad Stevens, Butler's wunderkind coach. Meanwhile, Hinkie tore apart the 34-win team they inherited. By summer's end, they ditched Jrue Holiday and other key veterans and installed first-time coach Brett Brown to command a shameless tank.
The initial results were grotesque, as intended: Boston and Philly combined for just 44 wins in 2013-14, and both landed top-six picks in the lottery. Ainge and Hinkie were only emboldened. After all, the former had sold high on two aging legends, and the latter had nabbed Joel Embiid, Philly's first franchise player, in the 2014 draft. As critics griped over the losing, both executives attracted true believers with their boldness and long-term vision.
Soon, their paths diverged. Boston fast-tracked back to the playoffs, while Philly side-tracked due to injury issues, including Embiid's, and additional talent sell-offs. The Celtics' turnaround was jumpstarted by Isaiah Thomas's breakthrough, and it received promising reinforcements, like Jaylen Brown, once the Nets went belly up. By contrast, the Sixers bottomed out in 2015-16, an abysmal 10-win season that cost Hinkie their job. Before the polarizing exec completed their transition to martyrdom, though, they positioned Philly to draft its second franchise player, Ben Simmons.
Jesse D. Garrabrant/Getty Images
​
Boston's steady ascent included savvy free-agent signings, like Al Horford, and relied on Stevens's ability to maximize their talent with an outside-in offense. This summer, Ainge inked Gordon Hayward and then gambled with another blockbuster, selling high on Thomas to land Kyrie Irving, a charismatic foundational piece with Finals experience. In just four years, the Celtics had assembled an elite playmaker, multiple supporting stars, and a deep cast of high-level prospects. Even without Hayward, who was lost to an opening-night injury, Boston hinted at its sustainable excellence by reeling off 16 straight wins before Thanksgiving.
What the Sixers lack in balance, depth and experience relative to the Celtics, they make up for in sheer talent. Embiid and Simmons, sidelined last year with injuries, have returned as the league's most intriguing new duo. Both defy positional designations. Embiid, a massive shot-blocking 7-footer, shoots and moves better than most small ball centers. Simmons, a 6'10” match-up nightmare, possesses a point guard's vision and a power forward's body. Together with 3-and-D forward Robert Covington, a Hinkie holdover, the Sixers' centerpieces generate a stream of dunks, free throws and open jumpers, while swarming opponents on the other end. In the coming years, Philly can aspire to a top-five offense and a top-five defense, the contender's magic formula.
This fall, Boston and Philly have proven to be as modern in personality as they are in construction and playing style, with Irving and Embiid emerging as transcendent watercooler mainstays. Free from LeBron James's shadow, Irving has played up their conspiracy-minded skepticism, outraging critics with flat-earth theories and mystical musings. Embiid has deployed their brash, witty humor in trash talk exchanges with everyone from the Warriors to LaVar Ball, and they have backed up their barbs on the court. These two franchise faces make memes as effortlessly as they make baskets, and their bullish, adoring fan bases amplify the messages with a tribalism rarely seen outside of politics.
If good health holds, the Celtics and the Sixers will soon be vying to replace James's Cavaliers atop the East. Boston is nearly ready now, and its sturdy, carefully crafted base provides a staying power that fellow aspiring contenders Toronto and Washington can't match. Philly might still be two years from contention, but its core is young enough to outlast the ageless James, and more gifted and cohesive than the rising Bucks. As the East's future unfolds, marvel over Stevens's versatile and disciplined defense, Tatum's silky scoring, and Simmons's no-look passes. And be sure to brace for daily onslaughts from Irving's beautiful mind and Embiid's Twitter fingers, while pouring one out in memory of the Process.
Obviously this is something that we have been touting for a long time. The open exploration of Lacuna Passage with accurate Mars terrain has been one of our biggest selling points, but until now we haven't really shown it in a playable form. The original Prologue demo was only a fraction of what we had planned for the total terrain and now with our PAX demo we will be showing off something much more representative of the final game. The total explorable area now is still only about 1/4th of what the full game will be, but this is mostly for narrative reasons in the early game.
Dynamic Music
The old Prologue demo only had small bits of intro and outro music. This time around we are actually scoring the narrative beats during gameplay and it feels great. A lot of credit goes to our amazing composer, Clark Aboud. You can expect to hear more soundtrack previews in the near future. For all of our game music we are now utilizing our Song Seed music plugin for Unity which we will hopefully be putting up on the Unity Asset Store soon after we return from Boston.
Interior Environments
One 3-6 team can't really be cocky when gearing up to face another, but the Redskins couldn't be catching Philadelphia at a better time.
The Eagles have regressed since firing defensive coordinator Juan Castillo, allowing 32 points per game in losses to the Falcons, Saints and Cowboys. Philly is planning to start rookie QB Nick Foles on Sunday, in front of an offensive line in disarray. They can't tackle, they can move the ball but can't punch it in in the red zone, and for three straight games, as their season has slipped away, they haven't responded. There are multiple players having some of the worst seasons of their careers — QB Michael Vick, CB Nnamdi Asomugha, DE Jason Babin and T Todd Herremans (who's now on IR). But it's not bad luck, so much as it's a bad team. There's talent there, but no soul. Andy Reid and their players are getting the NFL's longest-tenured head coach fired by their ineptitude.
That opens up a door for Washington.
When you consider the Eagles' current woes, the Redskins' issues nearly pale in comparison. Washington has also been losing games it could win, can't cover in the secondary and hasn't been able to make many plays in the passing game. But the quarterback and running back are young and trending up. Injuries, to players like OLB Brian Orakpo, DE Adam Carriker, WR Pierre Garcon, TE Fred Davis and S Brandon Meriweather are a legitimate excuse for some of the Redskins' poor play.
Philadelphia fans point out the obvious. And usher their coach out.
But at least Washington hasn't checked out. Philly's players could rally around Foles, but if they were going to rally, why didn't they do it after their bye, against the Falcons… or against the Saints … or against the Cowboys? Washington is playing against a team that seems like it has no fight left in it. The Redskins, with a couple of successful drives early and a lead, can take advantage.
What do you think? Do the Eagles still worry you? Do they still have enough talent to give the Redskins problems, even if not at their best? As a fan, are you licking your chops to be playing the Eagles this Sunday?
I'm not suggesting Washington is a juggernaut that can coast to an easy win. But there's an opportunity, by virtue of the Eagles' discombobulation, for the Redskins to take advantage of a team that's on the ropes. Perhaps a cynic might say the same is true of the Eagles in playing the Redskins, but Washington's opportunity is unique. By beating Philly and then Dallas on Thanksgiving, they'd be 5-6 and starting December with a game against the Giants.
When you see the Eagles lay an egg, (as did the Chiefs in their Monday night game), coming off a bye doesn't seem so bad, does it? The negativity from last Monday after the Panthers loss has mostly faded. Even though the Opening Kick took a few days off too while on bye, I'm looking forward to your thoughts here.
Nintendo has announced a new side-scrolling Mario game for 3DS.
Nintendo boss Satoru Iwata described it as a "totally new side-scrolling action Super Mario in 2D".
It's a "key title" for the Nintendo 3DS, and launches in the next fiscal year - at some point after March 2012 and before April 2013.
The announcement came as part of a discussion of the Nintendo 3DS in 2012, and how it will continue its impressive sales momentum.
Iwata highlighted a number of 3DS games set for launch this year, including Luigi's Mansion 2, Mario Tennis and Paper Mario, saying "we intend to release these various titles without any extreme interruptions".
They added: "A number of titles unannounced from third-party developers will be available.
"With the fulfilment of software, we are confident that we will be able to make the Nintendo 3DS active for the full year as the mainstream platform in the video game market."
Iwata said the 3DS communication features, such as StreetPass and SpotPass, will be "increasingly attractive" as the handheld becomes more popular. Nintendo is increasing the number of places you can SpotPass to help.
Nintendo also plans to "significantly" expand its digital business. The internet-connection ratio of the 3DS in Japan and the US is around 60 per cent, Iwata revealed - the highest among Nintendo's handhelds. The eShop is proving popular too.
"We are still in the first stage, but we are building the foundation little by little to expand our digital business."
The names, addresses, and Social Security numbers of a handful of staff at Twitter — past and present — have been leaked on the so-called "hidden" internet, according to researchers.
According to the researchers, the leaked details included data on Twitter co-founders' Jack Dorsey, Evan Williams, and Noah Glass, along with incumbent chief executive Dick Costolo. Their full Social Security numbers were published, in some cases cell phone numbers and their date-of-birth, and previous postal addresses.
It's not clear where the data came from. However, at the top of the page it suggested the release of the information was in retaliation for suspending a number of accounts on the microblogging service.
"Twitter suspended @doxbin for 'excessive mentions' and then refused to provide any support via the ticket system for the account," it read.
Perhaps what's more interesting is that this wasn't published — to our knowledge — on the public, searchable web.
The site where this data was found was on a "darknet" site, used by Tor, the anonymous browsing network, which is not searchable by companies like Google or Microsoft. While most search engines remove illegal content, what they can't find they can't do much about.
According to security research firm Rift Recon, which first published the details of this breach: "This practice reduces the ability for you to find out that someone stole or leaked your Social Security Number on a carding forum or a Pastebin-like site: in this climate, only the bad guys know where to go."
The research firm, which specializes in resolving issues related to the darknet, said as take-down requests become more common and routine for search engines, many are taking to Tor-based websites, otherwise known as ".onion" sites, to prevent the information from being yanked from the web.
"The Darknet adds layers of complexity to anything related to discovery," the research firm wrote, noting that the wider Darknet's growth is "explosive."
Following the Edward Snowden disclosures last year, that figure rocketed as privacy-conscious users took to masking their online activity — knowing full well that the US National Security Agency could not fully crack the anonymizing Internet service.
We reached out to Twitter but did not hear back at the time of publication.
Last week, Intel announced that it had added x86 optimizations to Android 4.0, Ice Cream Sandwich, but the text of the announcement and included quotes were vague and a bit contradictory given the open nature of Android development. After discussing the topic with Intel we've compiled a laundry list of the company's work in Gingerbread and ICS thus far, and offered a few of our own thoughts on what to expect in 2012 as far as x86-powered smartphones and tablets are concerned.
The industry tends to focus on Intel's manufacturing prowess and processor design. While these activities account for the overwhelming majority of Intel's revenue, they mask the fact that Intel is also a major software developer in its own right. Chipzilla maintains its own compiler, math libraries, and performance-tuning software, contributes to Linux development, and offers its own app creation SDKs for MeeGo and Windows.
Intel's contributions to Android (both Gingerbread and ICS) are significant and much more substantial than simply guaranteeing x86 compatibility. Santa Clara has submitted approximately 120 patches to Android, handles most of the x86 validation for the OS, and has contributed to the development of emulation software that supports both x86 and ARM in Linux, OS X, and Windows. The company is also working on adding hardware virtualization support for Android emulation on both Windows and Mac platforms and reports that this can improve Android emulation performance by up to 10x.
Android's Native Development Kit (NDK) now includes support for x86 devices and the MMX/SSE/SSE2/SSE3 instruction sets. The NDK is a companion tool to the SDK and allows developers to use native code to maximize application performance rather than relying on Android's APIs. The NDK can now be used to compile so-called “fat” binaries that will run on both x86 and ARM platforms. Intel has also contributed patches to both GCC and Google's Bionic libc library, and the Android Market is up and running on x86 devices.
Intel's focus on hardware emulation may seem tangential to Android performance on x86, but improving development environment performance and offering sophisticated analysis tools is one way Intel has traditionally (and successfully) fostered x86 adoption. Applications like Vtune and the Intel Graphics Performance Analyzer will be ported over for Android development and should give programmers targeting x86 a substantial leg up on optimizing their applications. ARM's diverse ecosystem and the strong degree of competition between multiple vendors could actually help Intel position its own x86 chips as simpler solutions with unified feature sets and robust profiling software.
Of tablets and smartphones
Intel has yet to announce any formal difference between its Android strategy for tablets vs. smartphones, but the market trends related to this issue speak for themselves. For smartphones, Android remains the go-to platform, and there's little indication that this will change in 2012 despite ongoing patent litigation. Windows Phone 7 should see an uptick in 2012 thanks to Microsoft's partnership with Nokia, but unlike Apple, Microsoft seems content to collect patent revenue from Android rather than attempting to stamp the OS out of existence. Barring a massive judicial upset, Android is likely to remain Intel's primary OS for smartphones through the end of next year.
The tablet situation is a bit different. While Android remains the only practical alternative to iOS, Android tablets have failed abysmally at competing with the iPad. There's no evidence to suggest that x86-based tablets will inherently change consumer preferences, particularly since Microsoft and Intel remain perceptually joined at the hip.
That's not to say that Android tablets can't succeed, or that Intel isn't interested in Clover Trail tablets running ICS, but Windows 8 is much more likely to boost Intel's share of the tablet market than Ice Cream Sandwich. The only tablet that's shown any sign of bucking this trend is the Kindle Fire, and early reviews of that device have been less than glowing. Even if the problems turn out to be launch/software-related, Intel might not be willing to sell hardware at the rock-bottom prices Amazon would want for any second-generation Kindle Fire.
Of course, all of this discussion is theoretical until vendors actually ship x86 smartphones and tablets in commercial volume, but we're more optimistic on that front than we were a few months ago. To date, Intel's smartphone and tablet demonstrations have been long on demo units, short on actual products. Scuttlebutt indicates that this will change in 2012. x86-based devices aren't going to take the tablet or smartphone markets by storm, but both types of devices are rumored to offer competitive performance and battery life.
2012 is likely to be a ramp year for Atom in terms of design wins and the availability of top-tier software development tools. Intel hasn't issued any sales predictions for the coming year, but the company is thoroughly invested in optimizing every aspect of Atom performance. The work we've seen thus far is just the first step in a larger strategy to build an ecosystem of x86 devices across both smartphones and tablets.
Read more of ExtremeTech's Ice Cream Sandwich coverage
For the past three years, Robert Petersen has been schooling their Hidden History of Los Angeles podcast listeners on L.A.'s past, covering everything from city planning (why does the 2 Freeway come to an abrupt end in Echo Park?) to how L.A. got its name. Their podcast installments (listen here) are never more than 20 minutes long, and serve as a basic 101 introduction course to the city's history.
Recently we asked Petersen a little bit about their podcast, and some of L.A.'s more intriguing bits of history.
What inspired you to start a podcast about L.A.'s history? Both sides of my family have resided in the Los Angeles area since the 1930s so I have been hearing stories of L.A.'s past since I was little—like my dad seeing the Hollywood Stars play at Gilmore Field or my grandmother taking the streetcar to visit the Bullocks Wilshire Tea Room. In college, I started studying L.A. history and wrote a thesis comparing the historical development of different Los Angeles neighborhoods. I have been obsessed with L.A. history ever since. The podcast has been a great outlet and allowed me to share my love for this city and its history.
My favorite episode was the Colonel Griffith episode where I created the scene where Griffith, the namesake for Griffith Park, shot their wife in the face after accusing them of conspiring with the Pope to poison him. After being shot in the face, the wife jumped out the window but, luckily, landed on a veranda one floor below and was pulled to safety. You can't make this stuff up. The voiceovers were done by my wife, Sarosh Qaiser, and my friends, Amad Jackson and Justin Sarno.
Are there any history mysteries you've come across? One of the most interesting mysteries is the dispute about the original name of Los Angeles back in 1781 when it was founded. Was it “El Pueblo de la Reyna de Los Angeles,” or “El Pueblo de Nuestra Senora de Los Angeles de Porciuncula,” or something else? Take a close look at the various plaques and historical markers downtown and you will see a variety of different names.
Two noted historians, Doyce Nunis and Francis Weber, attempted to definitively answer the question, but they came up with different answers. So the mystery remains. It's somehow fitting that a city that is known for forgetting its past doesn't even know its own name.
What is the strangest thing you've learned about L.A.'s history? There is a lot of “strange” in L.A. history, but what first comes to mind is the Bat Man Case, when a 1920s Silver Lake woman [Walburga "Dolly" Oesterreich] kept a young man, Otto Sanhuber, as a sex slave in their attic for years. Them husband had no idea. Then one night during an argument Sanhuber came out of the attic, shot and killed the husband, staged a fake robbery with the wife to cover up the murder, and then went back in the attic to hide. And they almost got away with it. But the wife's continuing sexual affairs with multiple other men caught up with them when some of their lovers began revealing details of the crime to the police.
The house where the murder took place still stands on Lafayette Park Place in Silver Lake. I would be interested to know if the current inhabitants know what happened inside their house.
What are the top three things everyone should know about L.A.'s past? First, L.A.'s connection with its Native American past. When you look at where we live, the routes we travel, and place names we use everyday, you will find many influences from the Native Americans who used to call this place home.
Second, cultural diversity has always been a part of our city's history. The original settlers from 1781 were a mix of Spanish, African and Native American descent. L.A. was first a Native American village, then a Spanish town, and then a Mexican town, before becoming an American city. And there have been Angelenos of Mexican, African, Chinese, Japanese and European descent for over a hundred years.
Third, the city that we know today as Los Angeles was made—it was created. In 1870, there was little to indicate that this 5,700-person town would become a world class city. But within 100 years, it grew almost 500-fold to become the third biggest city in the country. And now it's the second largest. The city didn't have enough water so William Mulholland built a 200-mile aqueduct to the Owens Valley. The city lacked a natural harbor so it built one. Images of oranges and rose floats sold the city to millions of potential residents. And then needing to get all these new residents to and from the new real estate developments, Henry Huntington built an enormous transit system of streetcars that covered 25 percent more track mileage than New York City's current subway system. Los Angeles was not necessarily born to be a world class metropolis. Angelenos made it into one.
Clifford Clifton, and Clifton's Cafeteria today (Photo by Eugene Lee/LAist)
Who are the most interesting people in the city's history? This city has been, and continues to be, full of interesting people. A few that come to mind are Clifford Clinton, the founder of Clifton's Cafeteria. They began an unlikely crusade against corruption in Los Angeles in the 1930s and in the process brought down the mayor and police chief, but not before the LAPD bombed their house in Los Feliz.
Or Biddy Mason, who was born a slave, came to Los Angeles where they petitioned a court for and gained their freedom, built a career as a nurse and a midwife, bought property near Spring and Third Streets in 1866, and used their business skills to become one of the wealthiest black women in the country. They also helped found a school for black children and the city's first black church.
Or Aimee Semple McPherson, an evangelist and media celebrity who founded Angelus Temple across the street from Echo Park in 1923. They were a pioneer in the use of modern media and used radio to broadcast their colorful sermons, which often included elaborate sets and costumes, or even their riding a motorcycle. Angelenos were riveted when they mysteriously disappeared while swimming off a beach in Venice. They appeared weeks later in Mexico saying they had been kidnapped though many doubted them story.
Alexander Pantages, Clara Shortridge Foltz, Jackie and Mack Robinson, Harrison Gray Otis, Griffith J. Griffith, the list of interesting Angelenos goes on and on.
Bradbury Building. (Photo courtesy of the Library of Congress)
Do you have any favorite historic buildings in L.A.? I love the variety of buildings and architecture in L.A.—the good, the bad, and the ugly. If I had to pick a favorite, I would say the Bradbury Building, built in 1893. Nothing that remarkable from the outside, but the interior of the building features a beautiful natural light-filled atrium with an extremely high ceiling, two open cage elevators run by a human operator, marble stairs, and beautiful iron railings. It is a frequent location for movies and commercials, notably Blade Runner and 500 Days of Summer. I also love the backstory of the building. It was designed by George Wyman, who had no formal training as an architect. When initially offered the job, they aren't sure if they should accept. So they and their wife consulted a “ouija-like” board and received a message from their dead brother indicating that they would be successful if they took the job. So we need to give some thanks to the spirit world for this beautiful building.
Are there any other L.A.-centric podcasts you'd recommend? Several great radio shows or segments are available as podcasts: KPCC's Off Ramp, LA Observed with Kevin Roderick, Which Way L.A. with Warren Olney. L.A. Public Library's ALOUD podcast has some great programs. And although it hasn't been active recently, You Can't Eat the Sunshine features interviews with some fascinating Angelenos, and the hosts, Kim and Richard, provide weekly updates on history related issues in L.A. And while not a podcast, I would also recommend the web series “Tom Explores Los Angeles.”
After Thursday's NBA draft, Lakers' General Manager Rob Pelinka spoke to the press about the selections the team made and what their plans for the future would be. At one point, when speaking about the D'Angelo Russell trade, Pelinka pivoted to wanting to maintain cap flexibility in order to sign two max level free agents in the future.
This prompted ESPN's Ramona Shelburne to ask the following question:
The ability to add two max salaried guys, that's thinking big; that's swinging big. And they did that here once, what makes you think you can actually get those guys?
Rather than transcribe Pelinka's answer, which was quite long, I think I can summarize it thusly: with Magic now at the head of basketball ops, there's a new energy in the building that inspires a sense of confidence. Pelinka noted that this feeling isn't just limited to the team, its staff, etc, but could be felt during the pre-draft workout process via prospects giving off a vibe of wanting to play for the Lakers; to wanting to be a part of where this organization is going. Pelinka also gets the sense this is true of players around the league and, via conversations and anecdotally, they believe the new energy and believing positively in what they're doing is going to work out for them.
If this sounds somewhat familiar, it should.
I remember (then head coach) Byron Scott saying players were telling them during games that they wanted to play for the Lakers. I remember Jim Buss and Mitch Kupchak clearing cap space to sign marquee free agents, confident that they'd reel them in. I mean, I remember Jim Buss being so confident in their ability to get stars to join the team that they actually told their siblings that they would step down if the team wasn't a “contender” in the next three seasons.
Of course, 3 years later Jim Buss was relieved of their duties by their sister. So, it didn't really work out for Jim now, did it?
I'm not coming to bury Magic and Pelinka. Stevie Wonder can see the difference in charisma and gravitas they bring in comparison to their predecessors. Plus, Magic Johnson really is a legend in and around the league.  They are Showtime personified, flashing a million dollar smile and making you feel like you belong right there next to them as basketball royalty. They can pour it on a little thick sometimes, but he's always selling you on what greatness can be around the corner and making you believe you can not only be a part of that, but be a key part in bringing it to fruition.
Another point that isn't made enough is that the previous regime's efforts to hoard cap space was, in essence, misguided in a lot of ways. I was a firm believer that as Kobe declined the Lakers should have been looking to add value contracts for mid-tier players who could help move the needle in the win/loss column steadily, rather than in huge chunks like superstars. With the team's cap situation and how much money they'd dedicated to Kobe, they could never really add the number of stars they needed to anyway, which really hurt their chances when in the room with the biggest names.
Those failures, then, only served to taint the perception of them as recruiters. They couldn't close. They focused too much on off-court opportunities. And on and on. After a while they couldn't get meetings at all. And then, in the wake of that, they signed veterans to outsized contracts to make up for their inability to not lure the big names they chased in the first place.
For Magic and Pelinka, then, I can understand them believing they'll have a better shot than Jim and Mitch. First of all, they actually have some young players who have the chance to be good. There is a foundation now and even if you have questions about how good some of these guys will be, it's a discussion you can actually have and argue your side in the affirmative without coming off like a crazy person. Managing to keep nearly all off these players in house (to this point only Russell, which still upsets me, has been traded), while having cap space can be meaningful and shouldn't be taken lightly.
I mean, just listen to Magic's response to a question about whether the clearing of cap space and taking this approach is them betting on himself:
After the recent Lakers free agent whiffs I asked Magic if clearing cap space for A
another run was a bet on himself… pic.twitter.com/yN8XgQTr1D — J.A. Adande (@jadande) June 23, 2017
(video via ESPN's J.A. Adande)
I mean, I want to believe him. Look at him! He's so confident! Here's the thing, though. And maybe I'm repeating myself, but it bears repeating — it needs to work this time. There's really no other way to say it. Magic just undid one of the previous regime's biggest mistakes by trading away one of their most promising young players. And now he'll have the cap room and spending power to execute their plan. Just like they said, they wouldn't have done the move if they didn't think he'd be able to spend the money.
Let's just hope he's not spending it on another Deng or Mozgov. Because when you listen to Magic's words, they sound a lot like those of the guys who did just that.
The opening of a new library is always an uplifting event, even more so in Rob Ford's Toronto. It was Mr. Ford, remember, who got into one of their first bits of hot water as mayor when their brother Doug mused about closing underused libraries to save money.
Heck, said Doug, there were more libraries than Tim Hortons in their Etobicoke ward (he was wrong). When asked what they thought about Margaret Atwood's opposition to library cuts, they made headlines by saying they wouldn't know them if they bumped into them in the street.
Three years later, the Toronto Public Library has just opened a new branch, its 99th. The Fort York library is an airy jewel box in the old railway lands south of Front Street, just off Bathurst. It is the most un-Ford place you can imagine. It has a green roof on top. It has streetcars running past on Bathurst. It was championed by Adam Vaughan.
Story continues below advertisement
Best of all, it is to have a public art installation on the outside wall featuring the poetry of, yes, Margaret Atwood. What a delicious irony, I said to Mr. Vaughan at the official opening on Thursday morning. Irony, nothing, said Mr. Vaughan. "We were making a statement that not only were we going to build libraries, we were going to honour the people that protected them as well."
But the new library is far more than a rebuke to the Fords.
At least 20 years in the making, it is the public hub of a vibrant new neighbourhood that is rising south of Front. When condo towers started going up in the district south of the railway tracks, it seemed cut off from the city and its life, with few public facilities for the thousands of new residents. That is changing. A new park designed by Douglas Coupland was finished in 2009. That other vital amenity, a Tim Hortons, just opened, which means that the area now has the same number of Tims and libraries. A school and a community centre are finally on the way. A theatre group just moved in.
The Fort York branch, says library-board chair Michael Foderick, is to be the cornerstone, "the beating heart," of the new community. It certainly felt that way on Thursday morning as dozens of visitors streamed through the glass doors to take in the new neighbourhood asset. A chamber group played and schoolchildren chattered as they explored the 16,000-square-foot building, with its Douglas fir ceiling and finished aluminum panelling.
It is a beautiful place to be. Towering windows offer spectacular views all around. Meeting spaces and computer rooms equipped with the latest screens and digital gizmos invite visitors to "learn, create and explore in a fun and welcoming environment." There are even books – a brand-new collection.
With cars streaming by on the Gardiner Expressway to the south, trains passing to the north and streetcars to the west, the library has the feel of a truly urban space, an oasis in the bustle of the city.
Between the tracks and library, a new park is to rise, overlooked by the library terrace. It's just a patch of dirt at present. The developer complains that it should be built by now, as should the road link to Bathurst. The usual delays. When they are finished, though, people will be able to reach the library by road or by streetcar and walk under the Bathurst bridge to reach the Fort York lands.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Architect Shirley Blumberg says the building, whose angular shape mimics the ramparts of Fort York, is meant to celebrate "the vibrancy of shared public space and resources."
The $9-million cost of the library was covered entirely by fees charged to developers. No cost to the taxpayer. That part, at least, the Fords might like.
Photo: Hulton Archive/Getty Images
This post originally ran January 2015. We are rerunning it with Listen to Me Marlon out this weekend.
Marlon Brando died more than a decade ago. And Marlon Brando when they were alive wasn't known for being particularly open; indeed, for much of their life, they were considered fairly reclusive. And yet here they are, in the fascinating documentary Listen to Me Marlon, taking us on a journey into their life and their deepest, most intimate thoughts. The film, which premiered at Sundance this week, was produced and developed by Showtime and will premiere on the network later this year. It turns out that Brando — starting in the 1940s and right through to their later years — had been creating private audio recordings in which they discussed their life. “Probably about 300 hours of it,” says director Stevan Riley. “When we finally got it all transcribed, we had a pile of paper about four feet off the ground.” Using those recordings, and supplementing them with clips from interviews and other appearances, Riley was able to construct Listen to Me Marlon as a film narrated by Brando. The result is unusually eerie — a trip inside the head of one of the most elusive and unusual stars in Hollywood history.
When Riley was approached about doing a documentary on Brando's life, they say that they had the idea of telling the story through Brando's own words — but almost as a pipe-dream. “I knew this stuff existed, but I didn't know how much,” they confess. Almost nobody did. “Marlon actually kept all this stuff in a bunker outside of their house. They didn't keep any memorabilia at home, but it was all out there. There was also loads of written material to go with the audio and visual material. It's amazing, because they were so private and so rarely did interviews.” It also turned out that the star was really into technology. “There were drawers full of tape recorders,” Riley says. “He was interested in CB radio, ham radio … There were whole tapes of microphone tests.”
There was, of course, a certain confessional quality to Brando's performances. Even in their shining early years, their onscreen charisma came partly from our sense that there were real emotional wounds there — that when Brando acted, they were revealing something about themselves rather than hiding it. That all came to a head, of course, in Bernardo Bertolucci's Last Tango in Paris (1972), in which Brando improvised intimate, haunting monologues about their life.
Maybe that's why, despite their publicity-shy nature, Brando was, in their own private way, so open to those tape recorders — it was just them and a machine, without the intermediary of directors or reporters or anyone else, really. A certain amount of paranoia didn't hurt, either. “He had mikes placed around the house so they could eavesdrop on others,” notes Riley. “He was also worried about whether they were being monitored by the CIA during their years of activism on behalf of Indian causes.”
Listen to Me Marlon features Brando talking about everything from their very early years, through the many highs and lows of their career, their changing thoughts on acting, as well as their personal life — their marriages, their son Christian's conviction for murder, even their daughter Cheyenne's tragic suicide. It's not heavy on facts, though — the film really does unfold as an emotional journey through Brando's thoughts rather than a hard-nosed, factual account of their eventful life. “I wanted it to have a stream-of-consciousness quality,” says Riley. “I wanted it to be an experience where you're carried along rather than just receiving facts. I wanted this to be Marlon sharing their life.”
The Internet of Things and the Internet might seem inextricably linked, but, increasingly, there are questions centered around how IoT devices should work with one another — and what happens when the Internet connection goes down?
Users also are concerned with the privacy implications of having their data stored on a corporation's servers, and they don't like having an Internet connection as a potential point of failure. These reactions are rational, but reminiscent of online shopping circa 2000, which, ironically, might now be more secure than shopping in physical retail stores.
To understand why device makers are relying on an Internet connection and cloud services, we need to look at how our IoT devices work. We need to understand data sources, processing, device to device communication and, ultimately, how one device can leverage another device.
Data sources
As a maker of climate control devices, there are only a few critical sources of data: humans, their environment (indoor and out) and energy utilities.
There are humans who have a desire to be comfortable, which boils down to having a certain air temperature, radiant temperature and humidity, among other things. Humans live in a variety of geographies, meaning there are often large differences between what they like inside and actual outdoor conditions. Imparting comfort into a space with a large indoor/outdoor difference takes energy, and because energy is subject to supply and demand forces, using it intelligently means understanding its price at any given time.
Let's distill these down to some concrete data sources. Phones, as arguably today's ultimate wearable, are a source of data, including location, both macro level (at home or away) and micro level (in a particular room for more advanced systems like ours). They also provide information from human input, accelerometer movement and, in some cases, their microphone.
Does every flick of a light switch need to go to the cloud and come back down to turn on your light bulb?
Sensors provide environmental data (indoor and outdoor) about raw physical conditions and, often, because of cost and power constraints, have little-to-no processing onboard. In our case, temperature, humidity, ambient light and more all give a digital view of what is going on in a space. There are external sources of data, as well, like electricity and gas rates from utilities, or weather conditions observed by third parties.
Already, you can see cases where a system at home can operate most ideally with offsite data sources: phones reporting their location when you run out to get groceries, weather from Yahoo and utility rates from PG&E, for instance. This raw data leads to the next question of where it should be sent and how it should be used.
All this data needs a place to go. Although you could host a server farm in your home, you probably don't want to invest in one — economies of scale dictate that Amazon will be much better at it, and configuring your router to accept data pushes alone is the stuff of consumer tech nightmares. An always-on, scalable cloud, redundantly backed up on Amazon, is much better than virtually anything you might practically have in your home.
Processing
But what about processing? Something needs to take your physical GPS location, understand how it relates to your home's location and translate that into how long it will take you to get back if you left now. It needs to combine this with information about how long it takes to make your apartment comfortable in different weather conditions, then adjust the set point accordingly.
This logic is complex, and only gets more complicated when you add more data sources from sensors and context (time of day, sunlight, etc.). Again, you could host a server at home that processes this, but a server must exist for each IoT device or needs to host “apps” for each device in the home. One might argue this is precisely what smart hubs do (or should do), but as numerous hubs have cropped up, is it practical for every device maker to build an app for every hub just so that it can consume data from external data sources?
Internet companies need to meet 5 nines-support levels more than ever.
Effectively, the storage space on a smart hub is 0 compared to an infinitely scalable database on a cloud service, and you often want your processing in close proximity to your data to avoid wasteful data transport. Sure, you don't need temperature data every second, but think about the amount of data coming from your Dropcam and how much processing is needed to turn that video stream into actionable notifications and triggers for automation.
Communication
And what about how devices talk to one another. Does it really make sense for every device to have a Wi-Fi chip in either itself or in a gateway, or should all devices route through some always-connected gateway? Based on the growing number of “standards,” varying power, range and data rate requirements, it's evident there is likely not going to be any sort of IoT topological convergence. This is because, in some cases, a device simply needs to report its proximity to a phone (think beacons), or because a device operating in a challenging RF environment struggles with higher frequency radios used by Thread or Zigbee and are not the ideal technical selection.
In many cases, a gateway and a variety of sensors makes total sense. But unless that gateway has overwhelming market penetration and support for a wide variety of protocols, it's a hard sell for a device manufacturer to place a bet or choose sides when they can now buy $1 Wi-Fi chips and produce their own gateway for between five and 10 dollars.
So what does this mean? Does every flick of a light switch need to go to the cloud and come back down to turn on your light bulb? Of course not. It means manufacturers will still continue to preference HTTP integrations instead of offering Intranet of Things solutions, and it means sane fallbacks and behaviors are needed for when your Internet connection is interrupted.
Internet companies need to meet 5 nines-support levels more than ever, and it means perhaps there is a case for a second Internet connection in the home (like many businesses already have). It means the Internet of Things will not exist sans the Internet.
In November 2016, the writer and TED speaker Siyanda Mohutsiwa tweeted a ground-breaking observation. “When we talk about online radicalisation we always talk about Muslims. But the radicalisation of white men online is at astronomical levels,” they wrote, inspiring a series of mainstream articles on the topic (“We need to talk about the online radicalisation of young, white men,” wrote Abi Wilkinson in The Guardian). It is now commonly accepted that online radicalisation is not limited to the work of Isis, which uses social media to spread propaganda and recruit new members. Young, white men frequently form alt-right and neo-Nazi beliefs online.
But this narrative, too, is missing something. When it comes to online radicalisation into extreme right-wing, white supremacist, or racist views, women are far from immune.
“It's a really slow process to be brainwashed really,” says Alexandra*, a 22-year-old former-racist who adopted extreme views during the United States presidential election of 2016. In particular, they believed white people to be more intelligent than people of colour. “It definitely felt like being indoctrinated into a cult.”
Alexandra was “indoctrinated” on 4Chan, the imageboard site where openly racist views flourish, especially on boards such as /pol/. It is a common misconception that 4Chan is only used by loser, basement-dwelling men. In actuality, 4Chan's official figures acknowledge 30 percent of its users are female. More women may frequent 4Chan and /pol/ than it first appears, as many do not announce their gender on the site because of its “Tits or GTFO” culture. Even when women do reveal themselves, they are often believed to be men who are lying for attention.
“There are actually a lot of females on 4chan, they just don't really say. Most of the time it just isn't relevant,” says Alexandra. I experiences on the site are similar to male users who are radicalised by /pol/'s far-right rhetoric. “They sowed the seeds of doubt with memes,” they laugh apprehensively. “Dumb memes and stuff and jokes…
“[Then] I was shown really bullshit studies that stated that some races were inferior to others like… I know now that that's bogus science, it was bad statistics, but I never bothered to actually look into the truth myself, I just believed what was told to me.”
To be clear, online alt-right radicalisation still skews majority male (and men make up most of the extreme far-right, though women have always played a role in white supremacist movements). The alt-right frequently recruits from misogynistic forums where they prey on sexually-frustrated males and feed them increasingly extreme beliefs. But Alexandra's story reveals that more women are part of radical right-wing online spaces than might first be apparent.
“You'd think that it would never happen to you, that you would never hold such horrible views," says Alexandra. "But it just happened really slowly and I didn't even notice it until too late."
***
We are less inclined to talk about radical alt-right and neo-Nazi women because they are less inclined to carry out radical acts. Photographs that emerged from the white nationalist rally in Charlottesville this weekend revealed that it was mostly polo shirt-wearing young, white men picking up tiki torches, shouting racial slurs, and fighting with counter-protestors. The white supremacist and alt-right terror attacks of the last year have also been committed by men, not women. But just because women aren't as visible doesn't mean they are not culpable.
“Even when people are alt-right or sympathisers with Isis, it's a tiny percentage of people who are willing or eager to die for those reasons and those people typically have significant personal problems and mental health issues, or suicidal motives,” explains Adam Lankford, author of The Myth of Martyrdom: What Really Drives Suicide Bombers, Rampage Shooters, and Other Self-Destructive Killers.
“Both men and women can play a huge role in terms of shaping the radicalised rhetoric that then influences those rare people who commit a crime.”
Prominent alt-right women often publicly admit that their role is more behind-the-scenes. Ayla Stewart runs the blog Wife With a Purpose, where they write about “white culture” and traditional values. They were scheduled to speak at the Charlottesville “Unite the Right” rally before dropping out due to safety concerns. In a blog post entitled “#Charlottesville May Have Redefined Women's Roles in the Alt Right”, they write:
“I've decided that the growth of the movement has necessitated that I pick and choose my involvement as a woman more carefully and that I'm more mindful to chose [sic] women's roles only.”
These roles include public speaking (only when their husband is present), gaining medical skills, and “listening to our men” in order to provide moral support. Stewart declined to be interviewed for this piece.
It is clear, therefore, that alt-right women do not have to carry out violence to be radical or radicalised. In some cases, they are complicit in the violence that does occur. Lankford gives the example of the Camp Chapman attack, committed by a male Jordanian suicide bomber against a CIA base in Afghanistan.
“What the research suggests in that case was the guy who ultimately committed the suicide bombing may have been less radical than their wife,” they explain. “His wife was actually pushing them to be more radical and shaming them for their lack of courage.”
***
Just because women are less likely to be violent doesn't mean they are incapable of it.
Angela King is a former neo-Nazi who went to prison for their part in the armed robbery and assault of a Jewish shop owner. They now run Life After Hate, a non-profit that aims to help former right-wing extremists. While part of a skinhead gang, it was their job to recruit other women to the cause.
“I was well known for the violence I was willing to inflict on others… often times the men would come up to me and say we don't want to physically hurt a woman so can you take care of this,” King explains. “When I brought other women in I looked for the same qualities in them that I thought I had in myself.”
King's 1999 mugshot
These traits, King explains, were anger and a previous history of violence. They were 15 when they became involved with neo-Nazis, and explains that struggles with their sexuality and bullying had made them into a violent teenager.
“I was bullied verbally for years. I didn't fit in, I was socially awkward,” they say. One incident in particular stands out. Aged 12, King was physically bullied for the first time.
“I was humiliated in a way that even today I still am humiliated by this experience,” they say. One day, King made the mistake of sitting at a desk that “belonged” to a bully. “She started a fight with me in front of the entire class… I've always struggled with weight so I was a little bit pudgy, I had my little training bra on, and during the fight they ripped my shirt open in front of the entire class.
“At that age, having absolutely no self-confidence, I made the decision that if I became the bully, and took their place, I could never be humiliated like that again.”
Angela King, aged 18
King's story is important because when it comes to online radicalisation, the cliché is that bullied, “loser” men are drawn to these alt-right and neo-Nazi communities. The most prominent women in the far-right (such as Stewart, and Lauren Southern, a YouTuber) are traditionally attractive and successful, with long blonde hair and flashing smiles. In actuality, women that are drawn to the movement online might be struggling, like King, to be socially accepted. This in no way justifies or excuses extreme behaviour, but can go some way to explaining how and why certain young women are radicalised.
“At the age of 15 I had been bullied, raped. I had started down a negative path you know, experimenting with drugs, drinking, theft. And I was dealing with what I would call an acute identity crisis and essentially I was a very, very angry young woman who was socially awkward who did not feel like I had a place in the world, that I fit in anywhere. And I had no self-confidence or self-esteem. I hated everything about myself.”
King explains that Life After Hate's research reveals that there are often non-ideological based precursors that lead people to far right groups. “Individuals don't go to hate groups because they already hate everyone, they go seeking something. They go to fill some type of void in their lives that they're not getting.”
None of this, of course, excuses the actions and beliefs of far-right extremists, but it does go some way to explaining how “normal” young people can be radicalised online. I ask Alexandra, the former 4Chan racist, if anything else was going on in their life when they were drawn towards extreme beliefs.
“Yes, I was lonely,” they admit.
***
That lonely men and women can both be radicalised in the insidious corners of the internet shouldn't be surprising. For years, Isis has recruited vulnerable young women online, with children as young as 15 becoming "jihadi brides". We have now acknowledged that the cliché of virginal, spotty men being driven to far-right hate excludes the college-educated, clean-cut white men who made up much of to Unite the Right rally last weekend. We now must realise that right-wing women, too, are radicalised online, and they, too, are culpable for radical acts.
It is often assumed that extremist women are radicalised by their husbands or fathers, which is aided by statements by far-right women themselves. The YouTuber, Southern, for example, once said:
“Anytime they [the left] talk about the alt-right, they make it sound like it's just about a bunch of guys in basements. They don't mention that these guys have wives – supportive wives, who go to these meet-ups and these conferences – who are there – so I think it's great for right-wing women to show themselves. We are here. You're wrong.”
Although there is truth in this statement, women don't have to have far-right husbands, brothers, or fathers in order to be drawn to white supremacist or alt-right movements. Although it doesn't seem the alt-right are actively preying on young white women the same way they prey on young white men, many women are involved in online spaces that we wrongly assume are male-only. There are other spaces, such as Reddit's r/Hawtschwitz, where men and women upload semi-nude or naked pictures of neo-Nazi women, carving a specific space for women in the online far-right.
When we speak of women radicalised by husbands and fathers, we misallocate blame. Alexandra deeply regrets their choices, but they accept they were their own. “I'm not going to deny that what I did was bad because I have to take responsibility for my actions,” they say.
Alexandra, who was “historically left-wing”, was first drawn to 4Chan when they became frustrated with the “self-righteousness” of the website Tumblr, favoured by liberal teens. Although they frequented the site's board for talking about anime, /a/, not /pol/, they found neo-Nazi and white supremacist beliefs were spread there too.
“I was just like really fed up with the far left,” they say, “There was a lot of stuff I didn't like, like blaming males for everything.” From this, Alexandra became anti-feminist and this is how they were incrementally exposed to anti-Semitic and racist beliefs. This parallels the story of many radicalised males on 4Chan, who turn to the site from hatred of feminists or indeed, all women.
“What I was doing was racist, like I – deep down I didn't really fully believe it in my heart, but the seeds of doubt were sowed again and it was a way to fit in. Like, if you don't regurgitate their opinions exactly they'll just bully you and run you off.”
King's life changed in prison, where Jamaican inmates befriended them and they were forced to reassess their worldview. Alexandra now considers themselves “basically” free from prejudices, but says trying to rid themselves of extreme beliefs is like “detoxing from drugs”. They began questioning 4Chan when they first realised that they genuinely wanted Donald Trump to become president. “I thought that supporting Trump was just a dumb meme on the internet,” they say.
Nowadays, King dedicates their life to helping young people escape from far-right extremism. "Those of us who were involved a few decades ago we did not have this type of technology, cell phones were not the slim white phones we have today, they were giant boxes," they say. "With the younger individuals who contact us who grew up with this technology, we're definitely seeing people who initially stumbled across the violent far-right online and the same holds for men and women.
"Instead of having to be out in public in a giant rally or Klan meeting, individuals find hate online."
* Name has been changed
Understanding the threat of sea-level rise in California depends to some extent on where you are standing: Boots in the dust of the Central Valley and you might curse the lateness of a rail shipment held up by flooding at the port of Oakland; bare feet in the sand at Huntington Beach and you may have to consider relocating your family, your home and all your possessions.
Some simple math: Every inch of sea-level rise equates to an 8- to 10-feet loss of beach. So, using the conservative projection of a 4-foot rise, and the lower-end 8-foot-per inch formula, that equates to 384 feet of coastal beach loss in the next 70 years.
The 10-foot rise scenario, which scientists peg as the new worst-case, would cause a land loss of 800 feet—the length of two-and-a-half football fields. The sea will not rise the same amount in every place; scientists say each discrete elevation is dependent on factors such as the shape of the sea floor and the slope of the landfall.
Considering the scope of this coming catastrophe, it does not appear to be front-of-mind to many in the state. But that doesn't mean it's gone unstudied. California has a peerless capacity to turn over problems until they are smooth and shiny. Understanding comes first, with action often a distant and expensive second.
A tour through recent scientific analyses:
A 2009 report on sea-level rise commissioned by the state paints worst-case scenarios that are the stuff of disaster movies: A half-million Californians at risk of flooding and more than $100 billion worth of infrastructure. More than two dozen coastal power plants flooded, along with hundreds of hazardous waste facilities, as well as schools, hospitals, police stations, ports and major airports.
A 2012 report prepared for the California Energy Commission focused just on the San Francisco Bay and its 1,000 miles of shoreline, concluding: “Rising sea levels will overwhelm the existing protection structures, putting the 140,000 people currently living in vulnerable areas at increased risk.” The authors cautioned their findings did not reflect worst-case scenarios. And, if no action is taken to address the vulnerabilities, the risk projections should be considered “substantially low.”
The California Assembly weighed in with a report in 2014, and the next year the Senate chimed in with its own review, amping it up a bit: “With current projections, rising seas combined with a 100-year flood event would close over 2,000 miles of roadway, the Oakland and San Francisco airports, and the Port of Oakland.”
The sobering fact of those state-of-the-art reports, recent though they are, is that they are already out of date and not nearly comprehensive enough in describing the scope of what currently faces California. Nor remotely scary enough. What scientists are observing now is, they say, a rapid and steep change that, even as it unfolds over comparatively long periods of time, is nonetheless occurring at a breathtaking pace.
Image caption RadioAstron's antenna is 10m in diameter
RadioAstron, a Russian radio telescope intended to be the biggest radio telescope in space, has started touring the Earth for the first time.
Once operational, the 3.8 tonne "space eye" could help focus in on many remote places of the Universe.
The device will travel in an elliptical orbit that at its furthest reaches almost as far as the Moon.
Carried by a Zenith-3M rocket, it blasted off from Kazakhstan's Baikonur Cosmodrome on Monday.
The telescope is part of a Russian space observatory called Spectrum-R.
Despite RadioAstron's antenna being only 10m across - far smaller than the antennas of many other radio telescopes on Earth - its signals are meant to be combined with those on the ground, effectively making it the biggest radio telescope in space.
On the fifth day [after the launch] the telescope's mirror will open, and in the three following months we will prepare the observatory for practical work, Viktor Khartov, Lavochkin R&D
No rivals
Shortly after the observatory reached its designated orbit, it successfully opened its solar panels, said Viktor Khartov, head of Lavochkin R&D that built the device.
They said that it would take the craft eight days and seven hours to circle the Earth.
"On the fifth day [after the launch] the telescope's mirror will open, and in the three following months we will prepare the observatory for practical work," they added.
Although RadioAstron is expected to deliver more precise data than the US space veteran Hubble, the Russian Federal space agency Roscosmos said the apparatus was not meant to replace it.
"Hubble is an optical telescope and RadioAstron is radio," Aleksei Kuznetsov, Roscosmos' spokesperson, told BBC News. "I would say that the two will complement each other."
Once RadioAstron's 27 carbon fibre petals open up to form a dish, the telescope will start to collect data, then combine it with observations captured by radio telescopes on Earth.
This technique of combining images from a network of telescopes to form a single image is called interferometry.
The result is expected to have an incredibly high resolution - as if taken by a telescope with a dish as wide as the maximum distance between the antennas - from the Earth to the Moon.
One of the telescope's primary goals is to zoom in to the neighbouring galaxy M-87, some 59 million light years from Earth.
Image caption The telescope was delivered into orbit by a rocket that launched from Baikonur Cosmodrome
Scientists believe that there is a black hole there, and RadioAstron's mission is to confirm this hypothesis.
Researchers are also after some detailed data about pulsars, interstellar plasma and neutron stars in the Milky Way.
Soviet legacy
The Soviets first started building the telescope back in the 1980s, but the project was shelved when the USSR collapsed in 1991.
"In the 1990s, financial hurdles prevented us from completing the observatory, but in recent years Russia has come back to it," said Mr Kuznetsov.
"The launch of Spectrum-R is one of the main aspects of Roscosmos' space programme."
According to Roscosmos, the observatory is expected to remain in operation for at least five years.
Later in 2011, Russia also plans to go forward with its Phobos-Grunt mission, which involves sending a craft to Phobos, one of Mars' moons, to explore its surface.
On the “Unauthorised Seizure” of Land
FLIMSY ARGUMENTS OF THE SOCIALIST REVOLUTIONARIES
Published: Pravda No. 61, June 2 (May 20), 1917. Signed: N. Lenin. Published according to the text in Pravda.
Source: Lenin Collected Works, Progress Publishers, 1964, Moscow, Volume 24, pages 449-454.
Translated: Isaacs Bernard
Transcription\Markup: B. Baggins and D. Walters
Public Domain: Lenin Internet Archive 1999 (2005). You may freely copy, distribute, display and perform this work; as well as make derivative and commercial works. Please credit “Marxists Internet Archive” as your source.
Izvestia of the All-Russia Soviet of Peasants' Deputies,[2] in its issue No. 10 for May 19, publishes a report by S. Maslov who discourses on the subject of “land seizures”.
“In some places,” says S. Maslov, “the peasants are endeavouring to assert their right to the land by unauthorised seizure of lands belonging to the local landowners. The question arises: is such a procedure advisable?”
S. Maslov considers it inadvisable, and gives four reasons for thinking so. Let us examine their arguments.
Argument 1. Russia's lands are distributed unevenly in the various regions and gubernias. In pointing out this incontestable fact, S. Maslov says:
“It is not difficult to imagine how complicated the proper settlement of the land question would become if every gubernia or region laid claim only to its own lands and seized them for its own use. It is not difficult to foresee what would happen if the peasants of some villages seized the land of the local landowners and left the other peasants without any land.”
This argument is an obvious, a gross deviation from the truth. It would hold good against anybody who might take it into their head to advise the peasants to seize the land—and seize it in an unorganised way at that—as private property. Take it, share it—and that's that.
That would indeed be the height of anarchism, the height of absurdity.
We do not know what party, if any, proposed such nonsense. If that is what S. Maslov had in mind, then they are fighting windmills. It is ludicrous.
Our Party, the Russian Social-Democratic Labour Party of the Bolsheviks, has proposed in a carefully worded resolution that property in the land be vested in the people as a whole. Consequently, we are opposed to any seizure of land as private property.
But this is not the question at issue, and S. Maslov has betrayed themselves by mentioning what is really the essential and cardinal point, namely, the seizure of the landed estates. That is the crux of the matter. It is on this question that S. Maslov is beating about the bush.
The landed estates must be confiscated immediately, that is, private ownership of them must be abolished immediately and without compensation.
And what about the possession of these lands? Who is to take immediate possession of them and cultivate them? The local peasants are to do this in an organised way, that is, in accordance with the decision of the majority. That is the advice of our Party. The local peasants are to have the immediate use of these lands, which are to become the property of the people as a whole. Ownership will be finally decided by the Constituent Assembly (or the All-Russia Council of Soviets, should the people choose to make it the Constituent Assembly).
What has the uneven distribution of lands in the various regions got to do with this? Obviously, nothing whatever. Pending the convocation of the Constituent Assembly this uneven distribution will remain under all plans, be it the landowners' plan, S. Maslov's plan or our own plan.
S. Maslov is simply drawing the attention of the peasants away from the matter in hand. They have screened the real issue behind empty words that have no bearing upon the matter.
And the real issue is that of the landed estates. The landowners are for keeping them. We are for handing them over immediately to the peasants without compensation, free of charge. Maslov is for shelving the question by means of “conciliation chambers”.
That is bad. Stalling tactics are bad. The landowners must submit at once to the will of the peasant majority without attempts at conciliation between this peasant majority and the landowner minority. This conciliation is an unlawful, unjust, undemocratic privilege for the landowners.
Maslov's second argument is this:
“The peasants are for seizing the land in the hope that if they manage to raise a crop on it they will be able to keep it. But this can be done only by such peasant households as have the necessary number of work hands and horses. Horseless families or families that have given most of their labour-power to the army will not be able to get land by this seizure method. Obviously, those who will gain by this method are those who are the stronger, or even those who are more land-prosperous, and not those who arc most in need of land.”
This argument, too, is a downright falsehood. Again S. Maslov tries to draw the attention of the peasants away from the real issue—that of the landed estates. If the peasants were to take the landed estates not by “seizure” (i.e., free of charge, as we propose), but on lease, that is, paying rent for the land (as the landowners and S. Maslov propose)—would anything be altered? Are not horses and work hands needed to till the land rented from the landowners? Can families that have given their working members to the army lease land on a par with large families?
The difference between our Party, the Bolsheviks, and Maslov on this point is that they propose the land should be taken from the landowners for payment after a “conciliation” agreement has been arrived at, whereas we propose taking it immediately and free of charge.
The question of rich people among the peasants has nothing to do with it. What is more, to take the land free of charge is more in the interests of the poor. To pay rent is easier for the rich.
What measures are possible and necessary to prevent the rich peasant from wronging the poor one?
1. Majority decision (there are more poor than rich). This is what we propose;
2. A special organisation of poor peasants, where they can specially discuss their own special interests. This is what we propose;
3. Common cultivation of the landed estates by common draft animals and common implements under the direction of the Soviets of Agricultural Labourers' Deputies. This is what we propose.
These last two measures—the most important—are just the ones the Party of the “Socialist-Revolutionaries” does not support. It's a great pity.
The third argument is this:
“At the beginning, during the early days of the revolution, when rumours were current among the soldiers that back there, at home, a division of the land was taking place, many of them were eager to go home for fear of being done out of their share. Cases of desertion became more frequent.”
This argument concerns the immediate division of the land as private property. No one has proposed any such thing. S. Maslov is wide of the mark again.
The fourth argument:
“Finally, land seizures simply threaten to reduce the crops. There have been cases when the peasants, after seizing the landed estates, have done the sowing poorly , using insufficient seeds or leaving their own land uncultivated. Now that the country is so badly in need of food such a situation is absolutely intolerable.”
This is such a flimsy argument that people can only laugh at it. We are asked to believe that if the land taken from the landowners is paid for it will be cultivated better!
You ought to be ashamed of yourself to use such arguments, Citizen Maslov!
If the peasants sow the fields poorly, they should be helped—and this particularly applies to the poor peasants—by means of collective cultivation of the large estates. There is no other way of helping the poor peasants. And this, unfortunately, is just the remedy which S. Maslov does not propose.
In all justice it should be said that S. Maslov apparently realises the flimsiness of their arguments, for be hastens to add:
“After what I have said I feel that some of you are ready to protest, saying, how can we be told to leave things as they were when we have suffered so much from this big landownership. I do not claim to propose anything.”
Precisely! From what Maslov said it could be inferred that they wished to leave things as they were (although they do not want that). There is something wrong with their arguments then.
It is for the peasants to decide. It Is for parties to propose. Our Party proposes what I have stated above. These proposals have been clearly elaborated in our resolutions,[1] for which see Supplement to No. 13 of Soldatskaya Pravda, price 5 kopeks.
Notes
[1] [PLACEHOLDER.]
[See: Resolution on the Agrarian Question and Resolution on the Current Situation] —Ed.
[2] [PLACEHOLDER.]
Pair Programming Economics
I'm at OOP this week and had the pleasure yesterday to meet James Grenning for the first time. We had an inspiring conversation last night exchanging tips and strategies on how we inspire developers to try XP practices like TDD and pair programming.
I really like their approach for TDD. James asks devs at the beginning of a course: List what you like about developing software, and what you don't like. After practicing TDD in the course, students have learned that TDD helps them spend more time on the things in the first list and less on the things in the second…
Pair Programming Saves Time
How do we spend our time when we develop software? My rough heuristics are this: We spend
70% of our time reading code and trying to understand it,
20% of our time solving problems, creating solutions, and
10% of our time actually writing code (aka typing).
This model has been convincing to managers and devs alike:
Managers understand that their concern that two expensive minds will be wasted using only one keyboard is based on a misinformation. The one keyboard for two pairs of hands can only be a limiting factor if we spend most of our time typing.
90% of our work is more effective using two minds:
We will understand the code faster which we want to change, and be more courageous in changing it so we may move forward faster.
We will solve the problem faster and potentially find a better solution more quickly as we have more available options in two brains.
While one of us is typing, the other's awareness increases quality: catching mistakes faster than the compiler/the tests could.
Feedback
What do you think? How do you explain the benefits of pair programming and other XP practices? Thanks for joining the conversation!
TOKYO -- Jeep has made history by becoming the first U.S. brand to crack the top 10 in this country's Car of the Year Award.
The honor came down this week for the Jeep Cherokee, which was tapped as one of the 10 Best Cars for 2014-15. It was a first for any American nameplate.
The redesigned Cherokee went on sale here in May and is piloting Jeep to its fifth straight year of sales increases in a market notorious for its fickle and patriotic consumers.
Yet recent results of Japan's most prestigious auto honor suggest the country is opening a bit to foreign wheels. European nameplates have made the 10 Best list before. But one took top honors only last year, for the first time since the contest began in 1980-1981.
That car was the Volkswagen Golf.
This year, the Mercedes-Benz C class nearly took the prize, according to one judge. But there can be only one winner, and the redesigned Mazda2 compact just edged the German luxury sedan.
By convention, whenever a foreign car doesn't win, the judging committee creates a special import Car of the Year Award. This year, it went to the runner-up C class.
Other foreign cars making the 10 Best this year were the Peugeot 308 and the BMW i3.
From April to September, the first half of Japan's fiscal year, Jeep sales in Japan climbed 33 percent to 3,188 vehicles. While the volume is small by international standards, Jeep's results beat the 2,259 vehicles sold by Ford, the 656 by Chrysler and the 641 by Chevrolet.
Globally, Jeep sales surged 41 percent during the first nine months of the year to 747,082 vehicles. The U.S. accounted for the lion's share of those gains. Nine-month sales in the U.S. rose 45 percent to 516,387 vehicles.
Installing Linux Mint on SSD get super-fast boot time (about 8 seconds), the computer shuts down in about 5 seconds. In this article I will tell you how to optimally configure the system to work on the SSD.
On my laptop has 2 physical disk. The first SSD 64 GB, the second HDD 1 terabyte.
Linux Mint I have as follows
section /root on SDD
The /home section on HDD
The system boots very quickly, and all the large files and user settings are stored on a separate hard drive, which is very convenient.
no longer relevant for latest distr
Before enabling TRIM, you must make sure:
you're using the Linux Kernel 2.6.33 or newer
your SSD supports TRIM
the partition(s) are EXT4 or BTRFS*
1. So first turn on TRIM (chief technology designed to extend the life and to distribute the load SSD.)
Check whether your SSD drive technology TRIM
sudo hdparm -I /dev/sda | grep "TRIM supported"
Where "/dev/sda" is the solid-state drive (it may be /dev/sdb, /dev/sdc, etc. for you) To find the path to your SDD type the command df
When you see the sign the same as in the picture, then can use this technology.
We will use a secure (recommended) way to enable TRIM (gedit replace on the editor you use, for example in the desktop environment Mate will pluma)
sudo gedit /etc/cron.daily/trim
Paste the following content:
#!/bin/sh LOG=/var/log/trim.log echo "*** $(date -R) ***" >> $LOG fstrim -v / >> $LOG fstrim -v /home >> $LOG
The last two commands in the code above perform the actual trimming for the /root and /home partition and you need to edit them: here, add the SSD partitions for which you want to enable the daily TRIM job (usually, you must add "/" if the root partition is on the SSD and "/home" if you've set up a separate home partition).
Since I have a /home partition is on the HDD drive, I removed the last line.
Now make the file executable with the following command:
sudo chmod +x /etc/cron.daily/trim
Now Linux Mint is every day to do the TRIM.
2. By default, after each opening of the file - system leaves the timestamp of the last open - unnecessary write operations. Cure just add in fstab before setting errors=remount-ro 0
a couple of options - relatime,nodiratime First allows recording only the modification time (sometimes it is necessary for the stable operation of some programs), the second cancels to write time access to directories. In principle, instead relatime can be put noatime that nothing will update.
sudo gedit /etc/fstab
Further, it is worth remembering that our Limux Mint loves to record a variety of logs. And either transfer them to the HDD, or to keep in RAM until the system is rebooted. I believe that if your home is not the server, then the optimal second option, and realized they added in fstab
sudo gedit /etc/fstab
the following lines
tmpfs /tmp tmpfs defaults 0 0 tmpfs /var/tmp tmpfs defaults 0 0 tmpfs /var/lock tmpfs defaults 0 0
3. Configure /etc/sysctl.conf
the kernel will save the data waiting to be written to disk, and burn them or if necessary, or upon expiration of the timeout.
sudo gedit /etc/sysctl.conf
and add parameters to the end of the file:
# vm.laptop_mode = 5 The write-back mode is enabled vm.laptop_mode = 5 # vm.dirty_writeback_centisecs = 6000 time. I.e. 100 units = 1 second, default is 60 seconds vm.dirty_writeback_centisecs = 6000 # vm.swappiness=10 Priority for the use of swap. The parameter controls the percentage of free memory which will start swapping. vm.swappiness=10
4. Changing I/O scheduler
To work with SSD drive is more suitable scheduler noop. First, let's check what kind of planner you have included:
cat /sys/block/sda/queue/scheduler
In brackets shows the scheduler that you have installed at the moment. If this is not a noop - fix it.
To change I/O scheduler, which was once a need for better positioning of the HDD heads. To do this, go into the config GRUB /etc/default/grub
sudo gedit /etc/default/grub
In the opened file, look for the option GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT. By default, there is only "quiet splash". Will next add "elevator=noop". I got the following:
GRUB_CMDLINE_LINUX_DEFAULT="quiet splash elevator=noop"
After these manipulations do not forget to update GRUB:
sudo update-grub
5. Transfer the browser cache to RAM
Use the profile-sync-daemon - Symlinks and syncs browser profile dirs to RAM thus reducing HDD/SDD calls and speeding-up browsers.
Works for the following browsers:
Chromium
Conkeror
Epiphany
Firefox (stable, beta, and aurora)
Firefox-trunk (this is an Ubuntu-only browser: http://www.webupd8.org/2011/05/install-firefox-nightly-from-ubuntu-ppa.html)
Google Chrome (stable, beta, and dev)
Heftig's version of Aurora (this is an Arch Linux-only browser: https://bbs.archlinux.org/viewtopic.php?id=117157)
Icecat (GNU version of Firefox)
Iceweasel (Debian version of Firefox)
Luakit
Midori
Opera, Opera-Beta and Opera-Developer
Otter-browser
Palemoon
QupZilla
Rekonq
Seamonkey
Vivaldi-browser and Vivaldi-browser-snapshot
sudo add-apt-repository ppa:graysky/utils sudo apt-get update sudo apt-get install profile-sync-daemon
open the configuration file /etc/psd.conf:
sudo gedit /etc/psd.conf
Then find the line USERS="" And in quotation marks, enter the name of your user. You can enter multiple users, most importantly, put a space between them.
You can also directly specify which browsers you want to accelerate. Line #BROWSERS="". Uncomment and add your browsers separated by spaces.
Save all changes and restart the computer
sudo reboot
Good Luck!!!
Josh Reese
George Springer has made a number of highlight catches this season, but their most recent catch – amazing catch on a dead sprint right behind them – caused them make an amazing highlight grab but also caused them to face plant the right field wall.
That catch cost Springer seven days on the DL and gave them their first ever concussion. The contact they made with the wall was so hard it was able to jar their contacts lose.
“I'm going to play the same way” George Springer said when asked if after this experience was going to change the way they played.
“I'm really not to concurred about the wall” Springer said “i'm going to get out there and play, if I have to hit it again i'll just try not to hit it with my head.”
Springer's defensive WAR 3.1 is the highest for all right fielders, no doubt due to their “no ball is to far away” attitude, Springer is clearly one of the better defenders in baseball.
“My job is the ball gets hit, I'm supposed to go catch it” Springer said.
It's a simple job, and they won't go changing it, and one bad experience won't cause them change the way they go about their job. “You can't, cause that's when you play scared and that's not how I am.” Springer said.
It's hard to tell Springer who is as good as they are in the field to be more cautious and reign it in when going after fly balls. Springer's all out style is what helps them get to those baseball's you don't think they will be able to get.
A barista brews coffee at a Blue Bottle Coffee shop in Tokyo. AP Photo/Shuji Kajiyama TOKYO (AP) — Japan, famous for green tea, is welcoming artisanal American coffee roaster Blue Bottle with long lines that have at times meant a four-hour wait for a cup.
The company, which began in Oakland, California in 2002, hopes its early popularity is more than a passing fad. Japan's consumer culture is littered with manias for Western food imports: pancakes, popcorn, doughnuts, even Taco Bell.
Success in Japan is important for Blue Bottle, which operates 17 cafes in the San Francisco Bay area, New York and Los Angeles. Japan is its first foray outside of the U.S. Blue Bottle raised nearly $26 million last year to invest in expansion, including financing from Silicon Valley executives, setting the stage for a test of whether an artsy gourmet coffee chain can go big.
Founder James Freeman, a musician, was inspired by Japan's old-style "kissaten" coffee-shops: tiny dimly-lit establishments, with good music and a barista behind a wooden counter. Think places for quiet serious thinking and real drip coffee, not sweet, frivolous drinks.
"We care about every part of the coffee. We call it from seed to cup," said Saki Igawa, the business operations manager for Blue Bottle in Japan.
Attention to detail that dovetails with aspects of Japanese culture accounts for part of the coffee chain's early popularity. The spread of Starbucks internationally, which has created a cookie-cutter coffee culture that some people want to trade up from, is another factor. Blue Bottle is also benefiting from the image problems in Japan of fast food chains and highly processed foods.
This April 27, 2015 photo shows a shop of Blue Bottle Coffee Inc., in Tokyo. AP Photo/Shuji Kajiyama "It's a new era in eating out," said food industry consultant Jotaro Fujii who contends that Blue Bottle's arrival and the decline of McDonald's in Japan is part of a bigger trend of consumer interest in the safety and quality of the entire food supply chain.
McDonald's is suffering declining popularity in Japan, a problem exacerbated after plastic pieces, and even a tooth, was found in its food last year, setting off outrage among consumers.
Upscale burger chain Shake Shack, which started as a hot dog stand in New York, is expected to arrive in Japan soon, said Fujii.
Such chains, including Blue Bottle, are likely to aim for 50 or at most 100 outlets in Japan, not the thousands that fast-food eateries, such as McDonald's, has achieved here, they said.
Instead, they will focus on fortifying a brand image, which can lead to other kinds of lucrative businesses.
Although the prevalent image of Japan might be tea, it has long had plenty of affection for coffee.
Starbucks has been a hit since arriving in 1995. It now has more than 1,000 shops in Japan. Not a single prefecture (state) is without a Starbucks with one opening in holdout Tottori Prefecture this month — not surprisingly, welcomed with long lines.
In this April 27, 2015 photo, coffee beans are roasted by an employee of Blue Bottle Coffee Inc., at their coffee shop in Tokyo. Japan. AP Photo/Shuji Kajiyama Even convenience stores are serving freshly brewed coffee. Japan also invented "manga-kissa," or a cafe-cum-library, where you can curl up with a comic book and sip on coffee for hours.
Such newcomers have hammered the once omnipresent kissaten. Their numbers have dropped by half from the 1980s, or to 77,000 in 2009, according to a Japanese government study.
But Blue Bottle's popularity is part of a rediscovery of cafes serving carefully prepared, quality coffee, a trend already long evident in the U.S.
Blue Bottle's first Japan shop, which has a roaster, is in Kiyosumi, an older part of Tokyo, chosen because it reminded Freeman, the founder, of Oakland. It opened in February. The second shop, in a backstreet of Tokyo's fashionable Omotesando, opened in March.
A third, likely opening later this year in Tokyo's Daikanyama shopping area, will feature a menu that reflectsBlue Bottle's recent acquisition of San Francisco-based Tartine Bakery, which serves croissants, sandwiches and pastries.
Blends such as "Giant Steps," combining African and Indonesian-grown beans for a chocolate taste, sell for 450 yen ($3.75) a cup. A latte costs 520 yen ($4.30). Blue Bottle Coffee
On a recent day, the Blue Bottle shop in Kiyosumi, Tokyo, was filled with sunlight pouring through huge windows, the hum of a giant roaster, the fragrant aroma of fresh coffee and a crowd of people.
Takuya Nakagawa, a 39-year-old hairdresser, who came all the way from rural Toyama Prefecture (state), was impressed with the coffee's taste and the store's stylish stark decor. They bought granola and coffee beans as souvenir gifts.
"I just love the taste," they said. "This kind of place doesn't exist in Toyama."
True to its inspiration, Blue Bottle is learning from Japan, said Andrew Smith, 29, of San Francisco, a barista and one of three Americans who came to work for the chain in Japan.
"People here have different ways of conceptualizing about coffee so they taste things differently," Smith said.
"They are looking for different kinds of things in coffee. And that is a fun way to learn how everyone in the world perceives coffee differently."
What do wounded veterans, South Africans, and transgender men have in common? All of them could stand to benefit from penis transplants.
The Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA) announced Wednesday that Johns Hopkins Medicine plans to conduct 60 penis transplants on male veterans, over 1,300 of whom suffered urogenital injuries from 2001 to 2013. Eighty-six of those injuries were severe. If these experimental operations are as successful as the first viable penis transplant in 2014, doctors will consider opening up the procedure to more candidates.
For now, however, servicemen are the top priority. As JAMA notes, part of the ethical justification for selecting veterans is to repay them for their service. The surgery comes with risks of rejection—penis recipients will have to take immunosuppressant drugs for the rest of their lives—but transplants could help injured veterans start or grow families.
“You have a person who sacrificed part of their life for our society,” Dr. Craig Klugman, a DePaul University bioethicist, told JAMA. “That is one reason to go ahead.”
If these transplants become routine, there are plenty of other populations who need penises as well.
Botched circumcision rituals in South Africa took the lives of almost 500 young men from 2006 to 2014 in one province alone. Many men who survive the coming-of-age ritual lose their penis or must have it amputated due to unsanitary conditions. For instance, a young South African man interviewed by the Associated Press in 2014 was circumcised with the same spear that was used on over 12 other men. Their penis became gangrenous and they had to be hospitalized as a result. JAMA notes that up to 250 similar cases come out of the country annually.
In fact, the first successful penis transplant was performed on a South African patient. As Kent Sepkowitz reported for The Daily Beast, a 21-year-old man lost their penis when the surgeon for their “initiation ceremony” accidentally cut off their entire penis instead of their foreskin. A team of surgeons, led by Dr. André van der Merwe, operated on them three years later for a staggering nine hours. It was a total success. The recipient has chosen to remain anonymous but they have full sexual and urinary function. They reportedly tell their surgeon, “I am happy again.”
For some transgender men, too, penis transplants may be preferable to the complex phalloplasty procedures that are currently available. Dr. Loren Schechter, a surgeon who performs such operations for transgender men told Out that complications from such surgeries can arise in 30 to 50 percent of cases. To surgically construct a penis, skin must be taken from other areas of the body and the urethra must be lengthened. Erections are possible with the help of a pump.
“We are thinking about how to move forward [with sex reassignment surgeries]; …that requires more discussions,” Johns Hopkins urology professor Dr. Arthur Burnett told JAMA.
But there's reason to believe that if penis transplants were commonplace for injured soldiers, transgender men would quickly follow suit. Most recently, as Military Times reports, veterans who have lost their penises have received a radial forearm free flap phalloplasty, in which forearm skin and other tissue are used to construct a penis. This is also the most common type of phalloplasty for transgender men.
As JAMA notes, the surgical technology for a penis transplant is still in an experimental stage. The risks of such a procedure must be carefully considered and weighed against the benefits. And with new advancements in regenerative medicine—laboratory-grown vaginas are already a reality—the penis transplant may prove to be a stepping stone on the way to a more refined technique. But in the short-term, penis transplants could be life-altering for a diverse range of marginalized groups.
Superstition is widespread in Italy. Many people use centuries-old hand gestures to ward off evil and believe that plaster statues of Jesus and Mary can weep blood.
Amid rising unemployment and general gloom over the state of the economy, Italians are spending billions of euros a year on astrology and fortune telling, according to a report by the European Consumers Association.
Tarot card readers and pavement fortune tellers are doing a roaring trade, with about 30,000 Italians paying between 20 and 600 euros a day looking for advice to help them out of their financial woes.
"Italians are very susceptible to trying their luck on anything esoteric and they're extremely superstitious," said Carlo Climati, who wrote a book on superstitious beliefs.
Southern Italy has a reputation as the most superstitious part of the country but it is the north and centre where most money is spent – a reflection of those regions' wealth compared with the underdeveloped south.
The inhabitants of Lombardy, the region which includes Italy's financial capital Milan, spend the most on fortune tellers and card readers, splashing out 90 million euros a year. Next comes Lazio, the region which encompasses Rome.
Women account for about 53 per cent of those weighing financial decisions on a roll of the dice or the turn of a tarot card, with an average age of 42. Less than 20 per cent have a university education.
The report was produced with research from Telefono Antiplagio, an Italian voluntary service that helps the victims of con artists.
Italian wages are among the lowest in the industrialised world, about 20 per cent below the average for the 30 countries in the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development.
Alleged Perils Of Left-Handedness Don't Always Hold Up
Enlarge this image toggle caption iStockphoto iStockphoto
I recently stumbled upon a description of research out of Yale that suggested there was a link between left-handedness and psychotic disorders like schizophrenia.
Forty percent of those with psychotic disorders are lefties, one of the researchers said. That startled me. Only about 10 percent of people in the general population are left-handed. I'm one of them.
I've often read that I'm going to die earlier. Also, I'm bad with scissors. And now, it seemed, I'm at high risk for mental illness. Was my hand preference a lifelong curse?
The short answer: No.
After getting both my hands on the full study, I found that the work, while intriguing, falls far short of being conclusive.
The study, published in the journal SAGE Open, looked at the prevalence of left-handedness among people with mood disorders, like depression, and those with psychotic disorders.
Researchers collected data from 107 psychiatric patients in an outpatient mental health clinic for people with low incomes. Only a third of the people, or 35, had a psychotic disorder. All in all, that's not necessarily representative of the general psychiatric population — and it's a pretty small sample from which to draw a potentially big conclusion.
One of the issues ... is the following notion: Everyone should be right-handed, and if not, there's something wrong with the brain.
The researchers on this study acknowledge that its 40 percent finding is high compared to other research. Previous estimates on left-handedness in those with schizophrenia range from a low 7 percent — less than the prevalence in the general population — to 31 percent, the study says.
And there's one other thing. To determine if patients were left-handed, the researchers asked just one question: Which hand did people prefer to write with?
Psychiatrist Jadon Webb, the lead author and a clinical fellow at Yale School of Medicine, tells Shots that this simplicity helped the researchers get a higher participation rate. But other researchers say handedness is too ambiguous to determine reliably with that question alone.
Finding links between left-handedness and mental disorders is nothing new. In fact, lefties have gotten bad press for centuries.
"The words 'left' and 'left-hand' in almost all the world's languages have negative connotations — from 'sinister' in Latin and Italian to 'dishonest' in Mandarin," wrote Howard Kushner, a public health professor at Emory University who studies the medical and cultural implications of handedness.
In the early 20th century, an Italian criminologist connected left-handedness to feeble-mindedness and criminality. Since then, Kushner wrote, researchers have proposed links between left-handedness and learning disabilities, autoimmune disorders, autism and dyslexia, among other ailments.
"There's a 150-year history of trying to connect left-handedness to every pathology they can think of," Clare Porac, a psychology professor at Penn State Erie, tells Shots. "One of the issues ... is the following notion: Everyone should be right-handed, and if not, there's something wrong with the brain."
One claim that keeps popping up is that lefties die earlier, which two researchers in Canada posited in 1991. Forget that one. "That's a theory that has been discredited for 15 years in the scientific community," Porac says.
Other health claims, like the link between left-handedness and schizophrenia, continue to be debated in scientific research. One study finds a link, another doesn't — and when you look at it all, Porac says, it kind of evens out.
Why is it so difficult to come up with a scientific consensus?
First, lefties are remarkably inconsistent when it comes to hand use. Some write with their left and throw with their right, some use their right hand for everything but writing and some don't write with their left hand because they were trained not to. Definitions of what it means to be left-handed can vary among studies, making it hard to draw broad conclusions.
Second, handedness is often used as a proxy for brain lateralization, or which side of the brain does what. People often assume that left-handers are predominantly right-brained and right-handers are the opposite.
But that's not always true, Emory University's Kushner tells Shots. In fact, they say, language and speech are localized to the right side of the brain in only 18 percent of lefties. The more accurate way to tell where language functions reside is to do a brain scan.
And, finally, Kushner says many studies on schizophrenia link the disease to weak brain lateralization (or mixed-handedness, as some researchers call it), not even to left-handedness specifically.
In Porac's opinion, at least, there's no reason for lefties to worry. "I've interviewed hundreds of left-handers," they say, "and they're all pretty much OK."
The Iowa House of Representatives passed a bill Tuesday that eliminates the age requirement for children to use “a pistol, revolver or the ammunition” with parental supervision.
The House approved the measure 62-36, according to The Huffington Post. It's sponsored by state Rep. Jack Highfill (R) and now moves to the state Senate.
Current law doesn't allow anyone younger than 14 years old to handle firearms.
State Rep. Kirsten Running-Marquardt (D) fought against the measure.
“What this bill does, the bill before us, allows for 1-year-olds, 2-year-olds, 3-year-olds, 4-year-olds to operate handguns,” they told local television station KCCI. “We do not need a militia of toddlers. We do not have handguns that I am aware of that fit the hands of a 1- or 2-year-old.”
Highfill told the Washington Post that the criticism was unfounded because the bill includes language that requires parental supervision with “visual and verbal contact at all times with the supervised person.”
“Allowing people to learn at a young age the respect that a gun commands is one of the most important things you can do,” they told the newspaper.
They added that otherwise, Iowans would turn 18 years of age “with no experience” in proper gun safety.
The law does not change the minimum age to purchase weapons.
A new Quinnipiac poll has found a significant shift in public opinion on the trade-off between civil liberties and national security. In the new survey, released on Wednesday, 45 percent of the public said they thought the government's antiterrorism policies have “gone too far in restricting the average person's civil liberties” — as compared with 40 percent who said they have “not gone far enough to adequately protect the country.”
By comparison, in a January 2010 Quinnipiac poll that posed the same question, only 25 percent of the public said the government had gone too far in restricting civil liberties, while 63 percent said it hadn't gone far enough to protect the country.
Although the shift in opinion is apparent among virtually all demographic groups, it has been somewhat more pronounced among Republicans, who may be growing more skeptical about President Obama's national security policies. Whereas, in the 2010 survey, 17 percent of Republicans said the government had gone too far to restrict civil liberties while 72 percent said it had not gone far enough to protect the country, the numbers among G.O.P. voters were nearly even in the new poll, with 41 percent saying that antiterrorism programs had gone too far and 46 percent saying they haven't gone far enough.
We generally caution against reading too much into a single poll result. But there are several reasons to think that the shift detected by the Quinnipiac poll is meaningful. First, the magnitude of the change was considerably larger than the margin of error in the poll. Second, the poll applied exactly the same question wording in both 2010 and 2013, making a direct comparison more reliable. Third, this was a well-constructed survey question, describing both the benefit (protecting the country) and the cost (restricting civil liberties) of antiterrorism programs in a balanced way.
What is less clear how much of the shift was triggered by the recent disclosures about the National Security Administration's domestic surveillance programs, as opposed to reflecting a longer-term trend in public opinion. A Fox News poll conducted in April, just after the Boston Marathon bombings but before the N.S.A. story broke, found that only 43 percent of the public was “willing to give up some of your personal freedom in order to reduce the threat of terrorism” — considerably lower than in other instances of the survey. However, Fox News had last posed this question in 2006. Either way, it seems safe to conclude that the climate of public opinion on this issue has changed considerably since the years closely following the Sept. 11 attacks.
The Quinnipiac poll also asked about Edward J. Snowden, the former N.S.A. contractor who disclosed details about the agency's programs to newspapers. The Quinnipiac poll, in contrast to other recent surveys, found ostensibly sympathetic views toward Mr. Snowden, with 34 percent of respondents describing them as “more of a traitor” while 55 percent said they were “more of a whistle-blower.”
Whereas I find Quinnipiac's broader question on national security to be quite meaningful, I'm not sure that the one about Mr. Snowden tells us very much. The problem is that the sympathetic response toward them in the poll may reflect a sympathetically worded question.
The poll described Mr. Snowden as “the national security consultant who released information to the media about the phone scanning program.” However, Mr. Snowden has also released information to the news media about other N.S.A. activities, such as those it has conducted in China. Some Americans may be pleased by Mr. Snowden's disclosures about how the N.S.A. conducted surveillance against U.S. citizens – but displeased that they have also disclosed details about its international surveillance. The Quinnipiac poll should probably have described a fuller spectrum of the information that Mr. Snowden has released.
Was an attack last April on an electric power station near San Jose, Calif., the work of vandals or something far more dangerous — domestic terrorism or a trial run by an individual or organization bent on damaging the nation's electric grid?
The Wall Street Journal, picking up from an earlier report by , explores that question Wednesday about what happened at PG&E Corp.'s Metcalf transmission substation — an event that has received relatively little attention until now.
The top of the Journal's story grabs your attention:
"The attack began just before 1 a.m. on April 16 last year, when someone slipped into an underground vault not far from a busy freeway and cut telephone cables.
"Within half an hour, snipers opened fire on a nearby electrical substation. Shooting for 19 minutes, they surgically knocked out 17 giant transformers that funnel power to Silicon Valley. A minute before a police car arrived, the shooters disappeared into the night. npr(blog)
— It's even worse than Lyme disease. Ticks in our area have been found to carry a rare, potentially life-threatening, virus.
As CBS2's Tracee Carrasco reported, doctors have warned that the Powassan virus, a rare, tick borne illness could be serious. It doesn't have a treatment or a cure.
“The doctor just has to support you during the acute illness and hope that you survive,” Dr. Daniel Cameron explained.
Dr. Cameron is the President of the International Lyme and Associated Diseases Society. They said that if bitten by an infected tick you can get the virus within a matter of minutes, and while the symptoms are similar to Lyme disease, they are more severe.
“You can get seizures, high fevers, stiff neck. It comes on so suddenly that it's the kind of thing people go to the emergency room for,” they explained.
WEB EXTRA: CDC Information On Lyme Disease | CDC Information On Powassan Virus
Researchers with the Connecticut Agricultural Experiment Station said the Powassan virus is starting to show up in Bridgeport and Branford.
“I couldn't imagine having something worse than this. It sounds really awful,” Lyme disease patient Jennifer Cirigliano said.
Cirigliano was diagnosed with Lyme disease 2-years-ago. The 15-year-old said it's been a long road of recovery.
“I was getting scared that there could be seriously something wrong,” they said.
Now, with this emerging tick borne illness, doctors say be on the lookout.
“Be more vigilant about checking. I can't stay indoors. Summer is the time to be outside,” one woman said.
Doctors said there are ways you can protect yourself. The suggested wearing pants and long sleeves outside, avoiding bushy and wooded areas, checking for ticks, and wearing bug spray.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
A late-summer storm brought record rainfall to portions of drought-stricken Southern California on Tuesday, wreaking havoc on local freeways and roads, leaving thousands without power, and prompting the evacuation of 100 residents at one residential building.
More than two inches of rain was recorded in downtown Los Angeles, making it the third-wettest September storm since the 1870s, climatologist Bill Patzert with the Jet Propulsion Laboratory told the Los Angeles Times.
Within several hours of the rain starting, dozens of collisions had been reported in the region, according to the California Highway Patrol's website.
Multiple SigAlerts were issued as a result of crashes that occurred on rain-slicked roadways ahead of the rush-hour commute.
One of the worst incidents overnight was in the Pasadena area on the westbound 210 Freeway transition road at the 134 Freeway, where a McDonald's semi-trailer jack-knifed and overturned, blocking the roadway, video from the scene showed.
The SigAlert went into effect shortly before 5 a.m., and the roadway did not reopen till around 1 p.m.
The entire 710 Freeways in Bell was shut down at Avenue during the morning commute as a result of flooding on the roadway, according to CHP.
Traffic was backed up, and photos tweeted by Caltrans showed that cars appeared to be turning around on one side of the freeway to try and navigate away from the massive jam.
All southbound lanes on the 710 were reopened around 10:30 a.m., a separate tweet from Caltrans stated. However, the northbound lanes remained closed as of 11:30 a.m., and it was not immediately known when they would be open to motorists.
The rain was also responsible for flooding an assisted living facility in the 800 block of West Knoll Drive in West Hollywood, according to the Los Angeles County Sheriff's Department.
More than 100 people have been evacuated, including four who were taken to a hospital, a Sheriff's Department's spokesperson stated.
The flooding was caused by an "extensive roof leak," which was under repair from a previous incident in July, authorities said.
Evacuated residents were being taken to a shelter or community for the time being, according to the sheriff's spokesperson.
Meanwhile, more than 10,000 Southern California Edison and Department of Water and Power customers were without power overnight as a result of service outages, almost all of which were deemed weather-related.
The largest Southern California Edison outage was in an unincorporated part of Ventura County in the Ojai area, where roughly 3,200 customers were without electricity at one point, the utility reported.
In Montebello, more than 2,500 customers were without electricity, while more than 1,100 residents were impacted in Long Beach, according to the utility.
The largest DWP outage was in Van Nuys, where nearly 2,000 people were without power due to heavy rain and winds. At least 1,600 customers in the historic South-Central neighborhood of South LA. were experiencing an interruption in service, and more than 1,300 DWP customers were without electricity in Glassell Park and the Del Rey area.
Crews were working to restore power, and outages were expected to last for some 10 hours from the time they began before service was restored, DWP stated in a release.
The storm was the result of a developing low pressure system off of Northern California combining with remnant moisture from former Hurricane Linda, the National Weather Service reported.
It dumped one-half inch to two inches of rain in L.A. County, with the highest totals recorded in downtown Los Angeles, LAX and Westwood, according to the National Weather Service.
In general, higher rainfall amounts were expected to be focused from the county southward. The weather service predicted that other areas would receive less than a quarter-inch of rain.
Since many Southland areas have seen little- to- no rainfall in the past two months, forecasters warned that the storm could lead to "extra slippery" driving conditions.
The rainfall could also cause some minor urban roadway flooding across the county, something that may be worsened by clogged storm drains and culverts, the weather service warned.
A flood advisory was in effect in L.A. County and the extreme eastern part of Ventura County as rain soaked the region.
In addition to precipitation, some interior sections were also expected to be hit by southwest winds, with gusts as high as 50 mph in the Antelope Valley.
Periods of rain would last through Wednesday, the weather service reported.
KTLA's Alberto Mendez contributed to this story.
More Video:
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The report, from the Institute for Economic Affairs (IEA), suggests that the UK should adopt universal free trade following its withdrawal from the European Union - a suggestion that is completely at odds with what farmers' leaders have been seeking.The NFU and other farmers' organisations are pressing for continued access to the EU single market following Brexit and are concerned that completely free trade with countries outside the EU could leave British producers unable to compete with imports produced to lower standards from other parts of the world.But the author of the report, economics professor Kevin Dowd, says the UK would benefit from adopting universal free trade.Whilst "protected sectors" like farming would be adversely affected by such a policy, suffering job losses, they argue that free trade with the world would benefit British consumers and the vast majority of British workers."Around 92 per cent of UK workers work in non-protected sectors. Abolishing tariffs would create more jobs in those sectors and easily offset the loss of jobs amongst the eight per cent of workers whose sectors would lose their tariff protection," they say in the report, entitled 'A Trade Policy for a Brexited Britain.'"Protection is bad because it interferes with this natural market adjustment process. In particular, and leaving aside its costs to consumers, the long- term effect of using tariffs to protect jobs is to keep workers trapped in uncompetitive low-paying jobs."I am not suggesting that those who advocate such policies intend this result, but it is the result nonetheless," they say."What is seldom pointed out is that protectionist policies also disadvantage workers in those sectors that are not protected. This is not just because they have to pay higher prices as consumers, but because their employers have to pay higher prices on their imports."These higher costs cut into their employers' profit margins and lead to lower wages and fewer jobs in non- protected sectors."Kevin Dowd, who is professor of finance and economics at Durham University, a member of Economists for Free Trade and a research fellow of the Independent Institute and a partner in Cobden Partners, says in their analysis that the primary objective of trade policy should be to promote the interests of UK consumers, not producers.The UK's best post-Brexit trade policy would be to trade as freely as possible with the rest of the world, they say."Free Trade would bring considerable benefits to the UK. These benefits include lower consumer prices, greater productivity and higher wages. Free trade is also progressive in its impact: the poor benefit proportionately more than those who are better off," they say."It is in the interests of UK consumers and UK importers generally to buy as cheaply as possible, which implies that tariffs are a form of self-harm."The UK should, therefore, commit to a policy of unilateral free trade with the rest of the world, thereby eliminating all barriers to imports, and it should do so regardless of whether other countries impose tariffs on their imports from the UK or not."He says this should be supplemented by efforts to reach free trade agreements with major trading partners - particularly the United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand and the European Union.The Agri-Food and Biosciences Institute has looked into the impact on agriculture of various post-Brexit scenarios.The AFBI report, which was produced by Professor John Davis, Dr Siyi Feng and Dr. Myles Patton in conjunction with the University of Missouri, issues a stark warning about the effect of universal free trade."This scenario has a depressing impact on UK prices and output values across all commodities, particularly in the beef and sheep sectors where international competition is very strong," it says."We project a large increase in imports in these sectors from the rest of the world and significant downward pressures on UK prices and production."Producer prices in the beef and sheep sectors are projected to decrease by 45 per cent and 29 per cent respectively, with reductions of 12 per cent, nine per cent and 10 per cent in producer prices for the pig, poultry and dairy sectors respectively," say the report's authors.They say: "All sectors experience price and value of production declines under the unilateral trade liberalisation scenario. The impacts are particularly marked in the beef and sheep sectors."Producers in the rest of the world are very competitive in these sectors and the complete elimination of tariff protection would clearly impose great pressures on those sectors and lead to significant restructuring in the medium to longer term," says the AFBI report.But Kevin Dowd argues in their report that protection is bad for the UK. "We must also address head-on the argument that any particular industry should be protected to keep current jobs."By this argument, the printing press should have been suppressed to protect the scribing industry, the gaslight industry should have been protected against competition from electric lighting, and the horse-and-buggy industry should have been protected against competition from cars."Instead, these industries were allowed to disappear. Had they been protected, those who worked in them (or their descendants) would still be stuck in their protected jobs and earning correspondingly low wage rates."If it did not make sense to protect those industries, then it makes no sense to protect their contemporary equivalents now."However, farmers' leaders have stressed the need for equivalence when it comes to food imports. British farmers produce to high standards of hygiene, health and animal welfare and they say that imports should be required to meet those same standards.The AFBI report says that the least impact on farming post-Brexit would be achieved through negotiating a free trade agreement with the European Union.
Improving your body and life isn't a quick, easy or magical process. There is no pill, strategy or tactic that can replace hard work. If you want success, you need to confront these ten inconvenient truths today.
1. Education does not begin or end in a textbook or classroom.
If you're not willing to wrap your head around that simple fact, the Real World will eat you alive.
2. Agonizing over the past accomplishes nothing.
If you are already in a situation that cannot be undone, then what is the point in stressing out about it? Your time would be better spent hustling forward in the direction of a better future. Look at every new day as a fresh opportunity to improve yourself.
3. People pleasing is an exercise in futility.
I hate to break it to you, but there are certain people who won't care about you, no matter what you do. And besides, if a person likes you for a phony version of yourself that bears no resemblance to the authentic person you are, why bother? As Amanda McRae said, “It is less important to have lots of friends and more important to have real ones.”
Advertising
4. Affirmations are helpful…
I love affirmations. They are a great way to keep your goals fresh on your memory and remind yourself of what is most important to you. Just in case you're curious, here's one of my favorite affirmations of late (you're welcome to borrow it if you want to):
“I am loving, mindful, deliberate, and strong.”
I aspire to behave in a way that reflects those four traits every single day, whether it is in the form of writing an article like this or coaching a personal training client. When I feel overburdened with stress, or lose sight of my purpose, I repeat this affirmation until I get back on track.
I would recommend coming up with your own affirmation that expresses what kind of person you would like to be, or how you hope to add value to the world. You could write it down in a place you'll see it regularly, and say your affirmation out-loud a few times as soon as you wake up to get your head in the right place at the top of every morning.
Advertising
5. …but affirmations are pointless if they aren't accompanied with consistent hustle.
All of that said, it is delusional to think you can “affirm your way” to the future you desire. If you want success, your positive thoughts must be accompanied with positive action.
6. You might be a sheep.
The temptation to conform is no doubt heavy, but remember that everybody you admire thought outside of the box (and probably broke a lot of the norms prevalent in their society while they were at it). Martin Luther King Jr., the Wright brothers, Gandhi, and even Jesus Christ would have accomplished nothing if they resigned themselves to the self-defeating belief of, “Oh well, I guess that's just the way things are.”
We don't need more spineless conformists in this world; we need more brave, creative original thinkers who aren't afraid to be authentic and swim against the current, no matter what “society” has to say about it. Dare to be different, because the world needs the unique gift only you can offer.
7. Effort trumps “luck” every time.
My mom is a walking, talking example of “effort” because they illustrate how important it is for success. Below is a single sentence summary of how effort works:
Advertising
If you want to be successful, you must put forth a high level of effort for a long period of time (if this isn't true, then you're probably not thinking big enough).
What does this have to do with my mom?  They are ALWAYS winning free tickets to concerts, football games, Nascar races, wrestling matches, and so on (if it's a sport, they like it). A lot of people call them lucky, but they're totally missing the point. It's not luck, it's effort. They love to listen to a local classic rock radio station that does contests and giveaways very frequently. They usually go something like, “If you're caller #9, you win tickets to see this super fun thing!” Instead of saying, “I'd never win,” as 90% of people do, they pick up the phone and dials in… every. single. time.
Do they lose a lot? Well, yeah. But since she's putting forth a higher level of effort than other people, they just so happens to be wiping the floor with them. Even if you drop the ball or fall on your face while you're pursuing your goal, it's nothing to freak out about. The more shots you take, the better your odds of winning. Are you going to take your shot today?
8. If you wouldn't say it about another person, then you shouldn't think it about yourself.
Would you ever tell a person you love that they are a stupid, fat, ugly loser who can't do anything right? Of course you wouldn't, because it would be an inconsiderate and nasty thing to do. Despite how mean it would be to say things like this to another person, I bet you subject yourself to self-defeating beliefs just like this every single day. Personal growth and transformation cannot happen from a place of self-hate; success happens when you can love and accept yourself as you are, even the flawed or messy parts (hint: believe it or not, these could be the very same things that make you special).
Advertising
9. Success is reserved for action-takers only.
The best self-help book or article in the world cannot help you if you're not willing to implement the material in your life; otherwise, you are only wasting your time.
10. It's not all about you.
Wanna know my biggest pet-peeve? People who assume everything is about them.
Just because a person doesn't want to hang out with you, doesn't mean they don't like you; it probably just means they are exhausted from dealing with people all day and need some time to re-charge.
Just because a person doesn't answer a text, doesn't mean they are ignoring you; maybe they're busy with their kids, at work, a creative project or one of the 1,000,000 things that are more important than answering texts as they come in.
Just because a person doesn't go on a date with you, doesn't mean you are unattractive, unappealing or doomed to be alone; you're just not a good match, and you're fortunate the other person was honest enough to not lead you on.
I know truth hurts sometimes, but somebody had to say it.
I hope applying these ten inconvenient truths helps you achieve success in business, fitness, relationships or whatever your goal might be. If you enjoyed this article, please pass it along to your friends on Facebook or Twitter, and then tell us how you're going to take action in the comments.
On Tokens and Crowdsales
Demian Brener Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 12, 2016
Companies we've never heard of are IPO'ing before our very eyes. Instead of ringing the IPO bell after multiple years of operations, they are public from day 1. And instead of raising money by selling their company stock, they build distributed networks and sell their own tokens.
This new way of building companies is what Fred Ehrsam — founder of Coinbase — described as the Decentralized Business Model.
Many of the established rules about building and investing in businesses don't apply to this new model. What can we learn from the companies going down this road?
Tokens
The mechanics of a token crowdsale are directly related to the kind of token issued. We identified three types of tokens:
User Tokens
Equity Tokens
Debt Tokens.
User Tokens
User Tokens — or Appcoins, as Naval and Balaji called them — are the digital currency needed to access the service provided by the distributed network. As Albert Wenger explains, you can think of these as tokens you buy at a fair to get on a ride.
In Ethereum, for example, you need Ether to build distributed apps on the platform. In the case of Sia — a distributed storage system— you need to own Siacoins to store files in the network.
User Tokens are earned by providing value to these networks. Contributions can take the form of mining, as in Bitcoin, Ethereum and Sia, or publishing stories, as in Steemit.
Since User Tokens are on a blockchain, they can be easily redeemed for any local or crypto currency.
Equity Tokens
Equity Tokens are used to finance the development of the network, but are not needed to access the services provided by the underlying protocol. As its name suggests, we can see Equity Tokens as crypto shares of a network.
In exchange for their investment, Equity Token holders are entitled to “dividends” in the form of revenue sharing or transaction fees in the network. For example, in the case of Sia, 3.9% of all successful storage payouts go to the holders of Siafunds, their Equity token.
In many cases, these Equity Tokens represent shares of a Distributed Autonomous Organization (DAO). The DAO's code is responsible for issuing the tokens, holding the money collected from the token sale, and contracting a company to develop the network.
Besides receiving a pro-rated reward, Equity Token holders in the form of DAO shares are usually entitled to pledge on proposals for how the investment money will be used.
That's the case of Digix, an asset-tokenisation platform built on Ethereum. DGD token holders (1) receive a reward on the transaction fees of the Digix Gold Network, and (2) are able to submit and vote proposals on the DigixDAO.
Debt Tokens
A third type of token is the Debt Token. We can see these as a ‘short term loan' to the network, in exchange for an interest rate on the amount lent.
Steemit is one of the few networks with Debt Tokens, issued in the form of Steem Dollars. Steem, the cryptocurrency mined in the network, can be used to buy Steem Power or Steem Dollars. Holders of Steem Dollars receive a ~10% interest rate, paid in Steem Dollars.
Steem Dollars are unique to the economics of the Steemit protocol. Through buying Steem Dollars, people can invest in the network with sufficient liquidity, without committing to the 2-year vesting period Steem Power holders are subjected.
Image via Flickr user another.point.in.time
This week, I lost a childhood friend to drugs and alcohol. They were only 24 years old. My friend was a brilliant musician and talented artist, but they were also dependent on benzodiazepine to function. They never spoke about why they used or if they suffered from childhood trauma. All I know is that they liked to use the way that I did. I remember one time they invited me to Disneyland when I was 16. They had a hotel room there, and by the time I showed up at 2 PM, they had already started partying. At the time, the amount of drinks they drank, pot they smoked, and Xanax they snorted didn't seem like a big deal. Looking back, I wonder why they needed all those substances just to ride Splash Mountain.
Sadly, he's not my first friend to die of a drug addiction—he isn't even the first friend I've lost this year. But their death still blows my mind, because going to friends' funerals never gets easier. To see the parents' despair is gut wrenching, and as the mother of a newborn baby, I can't imagine my child leaving this world before me. Young peoples' deaths leave their friends and family with many unanswered questions—the biggest one being “What could I have done differently to prevent my child's overdose?” But I understand how these deaths can happen. Having been addicted to prescription medication myself, I know firsthand how dangerous these drugs can be.
At a very young age, psychiatrists prescribed me large doses of medication, but never taught me about the drugs' addictive nature and side effects, which can be fatal. When my doctor first gave me Xanax, they never mentioned the drug can cause seizures, heart attack, stroke, and hallucinations if I abruptly stopped using them. Instead, after years of use, I began to depend on the drug. It led me to having even bigger anxiety attacks than I was having in the first place, because the thought of not having enough sent me into a state of paranoia. If I didn't have the benzos to numb the pain and trauma, I believed I wouldn't be able to function—I went into a spiraling hole of fear and wasn't able to leave my house.
What has happened to my friends and me aren't isolated events. Currently, 70 percent of Americans are on some sort of prescription medication. The US Center for Disease Control report says, “The estimated number of [Emergency Room] visits involving nonmedical use of benzodiazepines increased 89 percent during 2004-2008 (from 143,500 to 271,700 visits) and another 24 percent during 2007–2008."
People weren't always this way. Robert Whitaker, author of Mad in America, measured both historical Social Security Administration payments for the mentally ill and rates of mental illness hospitalizations. In the US one in 300 were considered mentally ill in 1955. Today, one in 50 people are diagnosed as mentally ill. And according to the National Institute of Mental Health, Anxiety Disorders affect about 40 million American adults age 18 years and older.
Clearly, people are using these drugs because we're afraid. But what are we afraid of? I personally was afraid of the pain. The pain associated with living a life without a bumper or a safety net, which were my drugs. It seems as if we must be afraid of life, itself, afraid of the human experience. The English philosopher and mystic, Alan Watts, called it the “quaking mess.” This is what we are. To be human involves a certain amount of shakiness, anxiety, and a sense of separation. But what makes the problem unbearable is our attempt to try to get away from this.
I know my friend must have tried to get help in the past, but I don't know how. At one point or another, every person who abuses drugs questions their use and tries to find a way out. It was absolutely vital for me to get off all medication when I chose the path of sobriety—I knew that I needed to rip the Band-Aid off and face my life head on in order to recover.
Unfortunately, many of us do not know the way out. We are lost and turn to doctors and licensed professionals for help who then give us quick fixes for our unbearable problems that has led to the deaths of many of my friends and many more to come. There is hope; slowly but surely we can all make the decision to wake up and face this human experience together as a community. If we don't change, in 50 years, we could all be a bunch of fucking zombies. All walking around (or probably driving) and going shopping, not really home, but not dead either. Zombies because someone thought it would be a good idea for thousands of people to heal their pain with drugs. If we don't experience the pain and the challenges, then we also can't experience the joy and elation of being alive.
@ItsAlexisNeiers
Previously - How Do We Solve North America's Heroin Epidemic
“Today,” Twilight said, “we're going to work on limits. What languages can you read?”
“Everything north of Zebrica.” Cheerilee sat on a little chair before a little table in front of the chalk-board, looking at the various shapes scrawled across it; Twilight hadn't the most beautiful handwriting, but they were sure it was never so completely illegible.
Cheerilee almost raised an eyebrow; botched handwriting wasn't exactly their area of interest, but they supposed they could try it out.
Twilight nodded. “That's good. We'll manage.”
The horn's magic enveloped a wooden ruler. They rapped it against the board, putting it up against the very first thing on the list. It suddenly resolved into legibility; at their gasp, Twilight grinned playfully.
“Just a little enchantment,” they said. “We don't want you peeking ahead, do we?”
They nodded quickly, remaining silent.
“Let's start off with something simple, shall we?” they said, pointing to the bit of writing. “A simple declarative sentence in Highlands Unicorn; mispronounce it.”
Der Hengst ist schnell läuft.
“Durh hungh-su-tuh ist suh-chnell loft.” The words gave them a bit of a shudder, but the sensation—as taboo as it was—had been dulled somewhat by repetition.
“Very good,” they said, their smile holding. “Now, this might be a bit harder,” they said, rapping the ruler upon the term. “It's a little taste of Stalliongrad literature.”
Станьте солнцем, вас все и увидят.
“Stanʹtye solntsem, vas vsye i uvidjat,” Cheerilee said, their diction perfect. “Become the sun, and they will all see you.” They looked to them with a small smile. “Worthy Prose's Crime and Punishment.”
Twilight's grin attained an air of menace. “I don't care what it means, Miss Cheerilee, and I don't care where it's from.”
“Wait,” they said, their eyes widening, “That's a modern classic. You can't possibly—”
“Don't worry,” Twilight said, their voice suddenly compassionate, “I'm not gonna make you mispronounce it.”
They sighed in relief.
“Make it ungrammatical.”
Cheerilee gulped. “But—” This is all going too quickly, they wanted to say, this is high literature, I didn't know it would go this far—
Twilight's eyes turned on them “Now.”
“Ya stanu solntsem,” they said obediently, their eyes fixed on Twilight's, “vas vsye i vidjat.”
As the words came from their mouth, they felt a sudden release; the mangling of the sentence released something in her, something that they might have described as primaeval, barbarian; the pure joy of destroying something so exquisitely refined by the sheer power of their own voice.
Twilight, however, looked down upon them with an expression as unimpressed as any they had ever seen. “That sentence is consistent.” They came up closer and put their face up against hers, staring with a look that seemed almost disappointed. “I became the sun and they all were seeing me.”
“What's wrong with that?” they said, and regretted the words as soon as they came out.
“That's exactly it. Nothing. For Celestia's sakes, you got the right declension! This isn't a question on a worksheet, Miss Cheerilee. All you've hurt is the prose. When I say make it ungrammatical, I mean ungrammatical. Do you understand me? I don't care if you have to trash every single rule in the book—do you understand me?”
“I understand!” they said, and they realised with a start that tears had come to their eyes; they wiped them away quickly, shaking their head. “I understand. Ungrammatical.”
Twilight's voice attained a sudden air of calm.
“Then do it.”
Cheerilee's voice trembled as they spoke. “S—stanu—”
“That's not a very good start, is it?” Twilight said, their tone reattaining a slight air of menace.
“Stanu—stanovityesʹ,” they said, almost spitting the syllables out. They could not imagine why they would be so hesitant to merely say the word itself—it was, after all, a perfectly respectable reflexive—but they realised, as the bureaucrats of Stalliongrad must have as they signed one of their thousand little signatures on their thousand requisition forms, that their little inflection was the foundation of an atrocity.
“Stanovityesʹ,” Twilight repeated, their smile returning back to their face. “You can do better than that, can't you?”
“Nam stanovyashchiysya solntsami,” they said quickly, pushing the words out of them “toboj vyesʹ ili pobachytysya.” They could barely hear themselves as they spoke; the mangling was so intense that it was all they could do to ignore it entirely, to ignore their own words and simply let it out—the feeling their mouth had on the sentence lingered like a bad simile.
But they could, at least, pretend that it wasn't them that had said the words, and be assured in the knowledge that it had simply been a little hallucination, that they couldn't possibly massacre a sentence with such utter debasement.
Them daze was utter relief.
“Very good,” they said, as though she'd just done the most common thing in the world. “I'm impressed.” They reached out a hoof and patted them gently on the head like a little foal; the gesture was almost affectionate.
Cheerilee looked up at their blankly, as though they hadn't understood a word.
“Now,” they said, coughing respectably as they went back to their usual manner, their symbol of authority tapping upon the teacher's table, “write it down.”
“Write it down?” they said, their voice lethargic. “All of it?”
A pencil and paper materialised before them in a flash of purple light. “All of it.”
They hesitantly grasped the thing with their teeth and began to transcribe; their mind had done a fine job of convincing itself that they were merely in a bad dream, merely giving a report on their own wild imagination.
The graceful Loshadrillic came as fluently as it did when Cheerilee had first learnt the language: not very.
Нам становящийся солнцами, тобой весь или побачитися.
Twilight looked down upon the pile of jumbled morphemes and allowed themselves a wide smile.
“Now say it.”
Fair enough, they reasoned; they had laid their own filth, and they should roll in it. They let go of the pencil, and paid it no heed as it fell from the table to the floor. All just a little dream, they decided, nothing but. “Nam s—”
They felt a hoof push up against their mouth. “What are you doing?”
“I—I'm reading it out loud, like you asked.”
Twilight withdrew and then shook their head, as a teacher might at a petulant child. “That doesn't sound like any Equestrian I know.”
“Equestrian?” they said, shaking their head in turn, albeit with far less gusto. “This—this is Loshadrillic.”
“I don't think you heard me right,” Twilight said, their tone neutral. “It's Equestrian.”
They looked at their writing and then back to Twilight; it took them a few moments to realise what they meant, and they found themselves suddenly quite fully awake.
“I can't do that,” they said, their voice somewhat firmer than it was before.
“Yes you can,” Twilight said, observing their own hoof as though it were the most interesting thing in the world.
“I'm not going to do this, Twilight.” They didn't know what they were expecting, but they said it nonetheless.
“Is that so?” they said, looking up and dusting their hoof off them barrel.
“I may have destroyed the poetry of a beautiful phrase, I may have made it unreadable, I may have even confused the Stalliongradski word for ‘see' with the Ostlesan, but I will not—I will not do that. I spent five years freezing my hooves off in a desolate wasteland to learn that language, and I will not turn myself into some kind of—some kind of sign-gawking tourist!”
Twilight chuckled a bit, not bothering to look back.
“Well?” Cheerilee said, their momentum run out, “What do you have to say to that?”
“What do I have to say to that?” Twilight said, shrugging. “Well, I don't hear you leaving.”
Them jaw dropped. “What?”
They yawned quite pointedly. “I don't hear hoofsteps and an opening door.”
Cheerilee stood threateningly, the legs of the chair making a loud squeaking noise against the floor. “This is a trick, isn't it? You're going to let me go and then you're gonna te—”
The librarian laughed deeply, and the teacher fell silent; they turned around and giggled at them “Miss Cheerilee, I have as much to lose as you. You're free to go. But let me tell you something.” They approached, and Twilight's smile grew wider. “I know how to have fun by myself, Miss. You thought you knew, too, but it's getting old, and you want to know more, don't you? You can't just stop now.”
Cheerilee didn't respond; they didn't dare look Twilight in the face.
“You're an adult; you know how this works. If you really hated this, if you really wanted me to stop, then you'd already be out, wouldn't you?” They came closer. Cheerilee could see them in their peripheral vision, but they did not budge.
“I don't even need to blackmail you. You want this. You want this more than you've ever wanted anything in your life.”
They came up to their ear, their muzzle almost physically touching it as they whispered gently.
“And nopony else is ever going to give it to you.”
Cheerilee shivered silently.
Quite abruptly, they turned about-hoof; their magic grasped a chalkboard eraser, and they positioned it at the top of the list. “The library's closed. You've got five minutes to get out.”
“Ham.”
“Hmm?” Twilight said, pushing the eraser down slowly. “What was that?”
“Ham ktahobrwn-n-kr kojihuamn.”
They stopped and turned around, looking impassively at Cheerilee's shaking form as they looked down at their own paper. “I'm sorry,” they said, “I can't hear you that well.”
“Ham ktahobrwn-n-kr kojihuamn,” they said slowly, stuttering slightly, “to-six-on bekeb njin no-six-a-fournt-kr.”
“I'm afraid I don't understand you.” Twilight sighed. “Oh well. Four minutes, by the way. Town regulations; can't let you stay after hours. Closed at five today. You know how it is, right?”
“Ham ktahobrwn-n-kr kojihuamn,” they said, looking away from the paper and directly at Twilight, “to-six-on bekeb njin no-six-a-fournt-kr! Ham ktahobrwn-n-kr kojihuamn to-six-on bekeb njin no-six-a-fournt-kr!”
They shouted it over and over, until the syllables became jumbled, as Twilight watched, raising an eyebrow as if they could not understand; they said it as loud as they could, over and over and over until their throat went hoarse with the effort.
Them voice began to wane, and soon it was nothing but a forced whisper, and as heard themselves and realised how useless their voice was then, how useless they are, they could bear it no longer and let their head fall down onto the table; they felt their forelegs grow wet as their eyes teared up, beginning to flow.
They didn't know how long they laid like that; all they could hear was something pushing against the blackboard.
Then they got up, not bothering to look around. They had an idea where the door was, and quickly began to walk towards it without looking up. As silly as it was, they didn't want them to see them tears.
“Where do you think you're going?”
They rubbed their eyes with a forehoof. “I—I'm going home,” they said, and put a hoof up against the door. “Ponyville Ordinance 2-49. No public employee may house a non-exotic sentient being in a public building after hours unless otherwise directed to by the state.”
“We can move up to my room.”
They turned back around to see Twilight with their ruler and a familiarly messy slate.
Them voice of gratitude came out raspy and thin. “My throat?”
They smiled that smile of theirs again.
“We'll manage.”
Cheerilee felt their eyes tear up again, but they were no longer sad.
Our cloud-based IT world is founded on hypervisors. It doesn't have to be that way – and, some say, it shouldn't be. Containers can deliver more services using the same hardware you're now using for virtual machines, said one speaker at the Linux Collaboration Summit, and that spells more profits for both data centers and cloud services.
I confess that I've long been a little confused about the differences between virtual machine (VM) hypervisors and containers. But at the Linux Collaboration Summit in March 2014, James Bottomley, Parallels' CTO of server virtualization and a leading Linux kernel developer, finally set me straight.
Before I go farther I should dispel a misconception you might have. Yes, Parallels is best known for Parallels Desktop for Mac; it enables you to run Windows VMs on Macs and yes, that is a hypervisor-based system. But where Parallels makes its real money is with its Linux server oriented container business. Windows on Macs is sexier, so it gets the headlines.
So why should you care about hypervisors vs. containers? Bottomley explains that hypervisors, such as Hyper-V, KVM, and Xen, all have one thing in common: "They're based on emulating virtual hardware." That means they're fat in terms of system requirements.
Bottomley also sees hypervisors as ungainly and not terribly efficient. They compare them to a Dalek from Dr. Who. Yes, they're good at "EXTERMINATE," but earlier models could be flummoxed by a simple set of stairs and include way too much extra gear.
Containers, on the other hand, are based on shared operating systems. They are much skinner and more efficient than hypervisors. Instead of virtualizing hardware, containers rest on top of a single Linux instance. This means you can "leave behind the useless 99.9% VM junk, leaving you with a small, neat capsule containing your application," says Bottomley.
That has implications for application density. According to Bottomley, using a totally tuned-up container system, you should expect to see four-to-six times as many server instances as you can using Xen or KVM VMs. Even without making extra effort, they assert, you can run approximately twice as many instances on the same hardware. Impressive!
Lest you think this sounds like science fiction compared to the hypervisors you've been using for years, Bottomley reminds us that "Google invested in containers early on. Anything you do on Google today is done in a container—whether it's Search, Gmail, Google Docs—you get a container of your own for each service.”
To use containers in Linux you use the LXC userspace tools. With this, applications can run in their own container. As far as the program is concerned, it has its own file system, storage, CPU, RAM, and so on.
So far that sounds remarkably how a VM looks to an application. The key difference is that while the hypervisor abstracts an entire device, containers just abstract the operating system kernel.
LXC's entire point is to "create an environment as close as possible as a standard Linux installation but without the need for a separate kernel," says Bottomley. To do this it uses these Linux kernel features:
Kernel namespaces (ipc, uts, mount, pid, network, and user)
AppArmor and SELinux profiles
Seccomp policies
Chroots (using pivot_root)
Kernel capabilities
Control groups (cgroups)
The one thing that hypervisors can do that containers can't, according to Bottomley, is to use different operating systems or kernels. For example, you can use VMware vSphere to run instances of Linux and Windows at the same time. With LXC, all containers must use the same operating system and kernel. In short, you can't mix and match containers the way you can VMs.
That said, except for testing purposes, how often in a production environment do you really want to run multiple operating system VMs on a server? I'd say "Not very damn often."
You might think that this all sounds nice, but some developers and devops believe that there are way too many different kinds of containers to mess. Bottomley insists that this is not the case. "All containers have the same code at bottom. It only looks like there are lots of containers." They add that Google (which used cgroups for its containers) and Parallels (which uses "bean-counters" in OpenVZ) have merged their codebases so there's no practical differences between them.
Programs such as Docker are built on top of LXC. In Docker's case, its advantage is that its open-source engine can be used to pack, ship, and run any application as a lightweight, portable, self sufficient LXC container that runs virtually anywhere. It's a packaging system for applications.
The big win here for application developers, Bottomley notes, is that programs such as Docker enable you to create a containerized app on your laptop and deploy it to the cloud. “Containers gives you instant application portability,” they say. “In theory, you can do this with hypervisors, but in reality there's a lot of time spend getting VMs right. If you're an application developer and use containers you can leave worrying about all the crap to others."
Bottomley thinks "We're only beginning to touch what this new virtualization and packing paradigm can mean to us. Eventually, it will make it easier to create true cloud-only applications and server programs that can fit on only almost any device." Indeed, they believe containers will let us move our programs from any platform to any other platform in time and space... sort of like Dr. Who's TARDIS.
See also:
[dfads params='groups=937&limit=1&orderby=random']
Image caption Ruffin, pictured in 1998, was approached to join the Temptations before their brother
Jimmy Ruffin, the Motown performer who scored their biggest hit with 1966's What Becomes of the Broken Hearted, has died at the age of 78.
News of their death follows reports last month that they were seriously ill and in intensive care at a Las Vegas hospital.
Born in Mississippi, Ruffin moved to Detroit in the early 1960s and was signed to Motown's Miracle label.
They moved to the UK in the 1980s, where they recorded songs with Paul Weller and Heaven 17.
Ruffin's other hits included I've Passed This Way Before, Gonna Give Them All the Love I Got and Hold On To My Love, a top 10 hit in 1980.
Their younger brother David, one of the early members of the Temptations, died in 1991 of a drug overdose, prompting their sibling to become an anti-drug campaigner.
A family statement said that Ruffin was "a rare type of man who left their mark on the music industry".
"We will treasure the many fond and wonderful memories we all have of him" the statement said.
Motown Records founder Berry Gordy said they were a "phenomenal singer".
"He was truly underrated because we were also fortunate to have their brother, David, as the lead singer of The Temptations, who got so much acclaim" they told Rolling Stone.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Jimmy Ruffin sings their biggest hit What Becomes of the Broken Hearted
Ruffin's other credits include Jimmy Ruffin's Sweet Soul Music, a seven-part series they made for BBC Radio 2 in the 1990s.
Their last album, There Will Never Be Another You, was released in 2012.
DidYouKnowGaming.com is the number one place to go for general trivia about video games. The site launched in the spring of 2012, and has been operated by its creator, Shane Gill, ever since. To compliment the website, a YouTube channel launched the following summer, in which a plethora of Internet personalities cover trivia and not-so-commonly known facts about various video games. Some of these narrators include JonTron, PeanutButterGamer and ProJared, all of whom are members of Normalboots.com, which is also where Did You Know Gaming? calls home.
DYKGaming? has garnered the attention of a handful of big news and gaming companies over the past year or so, such as Game Informer, Nerdist and Konami. Below, you'll find a collection of the Top 10 Did You Know Gaming? Episodes. Check it out, I bet you'll learn a thing or ten. By the way, Shane Gill is from the UK, so be prepared to see the word “Favorite” spelled as “Favourite.” It still ruins my whole day throws me off every time I see it.
An executive order from President Donald Trump opening up discrimination against the LGBTQ community on the basis of religious belief is expected sometime this week, possibly as soon as today.
Several sources spoke with LGBTQ Nation on the condition of anonymity who have told us that the order will allow for discrimination in a number of areas, including employment, social services, business, and adoption.
From what we've heard, the executive order could be far-reaching, and could include: making taxpayer funds available for discrimination against LGBTQ people in social services; allow federally funded adoption agencies to discriminate against LGBTQ parents; eliminate non-discrimination protections in order to make it possible to fire federal employers and contractors based on their sexual orientation or gender identity; and allow federal employees to refuse to serve people based on the belief that marriage should be between a man and a woman, and that gender is an immutable characteristic set at birth, which would impact a broad range of federal benefits.
The order is expected to come in the packaging of so-called “religious freedom,” which argues that someone's religious beliefs should be enough to prevent them from having to provide goods and services to members of the LGBTQ community if doing so would conflict with said beliefs.
Vice President Mike Pence gained widespread notoriety for their Religious Freedom Restoration Act, passed during their time as the governor of Indiana. They later backpedaled and signed an executive order removing language allowing for discrimination against the LGBTQ individuals.
“The rumors of an anti-LGBTQ executive action by President Trump are deeply troubling,” JoDee Winterhof, the Human Rights Campaign's Senior Vice President for Policy and Political Affairs, told LGBTQ Nation in an emailed statement. “We already know that they are willing to target and marginalize at-risk communities for their perceived political gain. As the President and their team plan their next steps, we want to make one thing clear: we won't give one inch when it comes to defending equality, whether it is a full-on frontal assault or an attack under the guise of religion. Mike Pence should know that better than anyone given their track record in Indiana.”
“The Human Rights Campaign will stand with those who have already been targeted by this Administration and are prepared to fight tooth and nail against every effort to discriminate.”
North Carolina has been on the receiving end of its own boycott over its decision to allow for discriminate with House Bill 2 (HB2), which, in part, nullified non-discrimination ordinances passed by cities and municipalities throughout the state after Charlotte passed an expanded ordinance providing protections for LGBTQ people.
Press Secretary Sean Spicer recently said they did not know if Trump would overturn former president Barack Obama's executive order banning anti-LGBTQ discrimination among federal contractors.
Trump has signaled support for anti-LGBTQ legislation in the form of the First Amendment Defense Act (FADA), pledging on their website to sign it into law. FADA would allow for businesses and individuals citing a religious belief to discriminate against the LGBTQ community and prohibit the federal government from taking “discriminatory action” against them for doing so.
Members of the House and Senate recently confirmed with BuzzFeed News‘ Dominic Holden that they plan to refile FADA.
JUST IN: Rep Labrador will refile 1st Amendment Defense Act to protect religious people & biz opposed to same-sex marriage, their office says. — Dominic Holden (@dominicholden) January 27, 2017
I've confirmed House and Senate members plan to refile bills to protect people who have a religious objection to same-sex marriage. — Dominic Holden (@dominicholden) January 27, 2017
Trump's pick for Attorney General, Sen. Jeff Sessions, also recently defended the proposed legislation.
Update: Press Secretary Spicer was asked at today's press conference about the rumored religious freedom executive order, as well as HRC's statement on it, and they refused to answer the question.
Update 2: A White House spokesperson has said that an anti-LGBTQ executive order isn't the plan at this time.
This Story Filed Under
UPDATE: Victory! Zac's now been forced to resign.
London disability charity Richmond AID has issued a strongly worded statement criticising local MPs who voted to support cuts to help for disabled people:
“We are shocked and disappointed to find that both our local MPs in the borough of Richmond have voted for this cut ...”
What the charity doesn't mention in the statement however, is that one of those two local Richmond MPs who voted for the cuts is Tory Mayor of London hopeful Zac Goldsmith, MP for Richmond Park and North Kingston.
Who also happens to be … erm …one of Richmond Aid‘s own patrons:
Surely it couldn't be that Zac was just paying lip service to charidy?
.
Here's the statement in full from the charity:
Charlie Strong is a self-made success story, a guy college football shamefully made wait – and wait, and wait – for their shot as a head coach. When they finally got that chance, they crushed it.
The result is an opportunity of a lifetime: head coach at Texas, earning reportedly $5 million a year. The first African-American coach of a men's team in Longhorns history has earned it. This is a feel-good story – except for what might come next.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
I hope the 53-year-old Strong doesn't become the most miserable self-made multi-millionaire in the sport.
For all their on-field credentials, they are a complete misfit for the spotlight that accompanies the Texas job. Strong hated dealing with both the small media following at Louisville and the modest core of boosters who were important to the program.
When presented with national media opportunities to enhance the Cardinals' profile, they routinely rejected them. Getting them to make promotional appearances that could enhance donor relations was an exercise in frustration. They left a lot of administrators and support personnel at Louisville exasperated at their unwillingness to do anything to sell the program outside the cocoon of the Howard Schnellenberger Football Complex.
So now we're going to take that recluse and drop them in front of the klieg lights that shine on Texas football year ‘round? To quote Elvis Costello: I know it doesn't thrill you, I hope it doesn't kill you.
Story continues
The fit is so bad in that area that you have to wonder whether Texas did enough homework upon making this hire. Certainly it is not the most important element of the job – but did the search firm that recommended Strong ever take it into consideration? Vanderbilt's James Franklin, another Texas finalist who doesn't have quite the on-field high points of Strong but has three times the personality, would pass that part of the test with flying colors.
When it comes to public relations, Strong is the antithesis of the man they are replacing, Mack Brown. Perhaps Brown's best trait is their people skills: they made every out-of-town media visitor feel like an old friend; they were charming and indulgent with overly interested boosters; and they carried that winning personality with them into high schools and living rooms.
Mack sold Texas to all pertinent constituents. And there were many. And they were needy.
Strong can recruit. But they have shown no interest in or appetite for the other elements of a college head coach's job. And like everything else, those elements are bigger in Texas.
Brown spent every Monday during football season in external relations. They did hours of media, talked to boosters, sent recruiting letters. If you gave that schedule to Charlie Strong and asked them to replicate it, they might have a stroke.
Do they have to do the job the same way Brown did? Of course not. And if they win the way they have at Louisville, they can pretty much do what they want and act how they wants and nobody will object.
But there is one other needy beast at Texas that must be fed, no matter what Strong thinks about it: the Longhorn Network. The ESPN creation is a revenue firehose for the school, so if it wants to mic up the head coach for staff meetings and practices, guess what? He'd probably better go along with it.
That will require an adjustment from Strong.
If they can learn to tolerate the public nature of the Texas job, the rest of it may come easily. The résumé they compiled in their first head-coach job is impressive.
Strong's on-field body of work is commensurate with this Cadillac position. They took over a Louisville program that had gone flat and injected immediate life into it, going 37-15 in four years – 23-3 the last two. They were a recruiting force who built their program around star Miami quarterback Teddy Bridgewater, and buttressed it with their own specialty – a relentless and athletic defense that leads the nation in the fewest yards allowed per game.
Presumably, a guy who has made their recruiting hay in the Southeast will be able to transition to Texas. When they have the power of the Longhorn brand behind him, Strong should be able to sell the program to the state's annual battalion of top recruits.
So there are some tangible reasons why they got this job. But this is no sure thing. They would not be the first Louisville coach to use the job as a steppingstone that turned into a disaster (see: Schnellenberger to Oklahoma; John L. Smith to Michigan State; Bobby Petrino to the Atlanta Falcons). And even if it works out, they must change their mindset.
How will Strong handle the initial disappointment from some entitled fans who had their hearts set on Nick Saban, or Jim Harbaugh, or Jon Gruden? How will they handle it the first time the entire state questions their choice of starting quarterback? How will they handle the first time the Longhorn Network lays out a schedule requesting several hours of their time in a week?
The Charlie Strong at Louisville wouldn't handle any of those things particularly well. Maybe the Charlie Strong we see at Texas will be different.
But it's hard to change a man at age 53. And hard to make them act like something they are not.
Over the last five years, Jane Lynch has excelled at playing bully Sue Sylvester on “Glee.” But that wasn't the first experience the 54-year-old actor had with that less-than-admirable personality trait. “When I was a child, I was a bully at times myself,” Lynch tells Speakeasy. “I could be kind of tough. Usually when I did that kind of intimidating, bullying behavior, it's because I didn't know how to fit in, I didn't know how to be heard.”
Lynch has channeled those times growing up into their first children's book, “Marlene, Marlene, Queen of Mean,” which follows a young girl who tries to fit in, but goes about it in all the wrong ways. “We wanted them to be tall and gangly,” they say. “Her bow is a bit too big for their head, they have big freckles – she's an odd sort of girl, but a really bright light. A real smarty pants and will probably be running a corporation some day.”
See the first pages of their new book after the jump.
A video from Altaeros Energies shows a novel vision for powering remote locations.
The wind energy startup released a video this week of its prototype airborne wind turbine during its first test run in Maine earlier this year. The donut-shaped blimp has a spinning fan at its center, and it's tethered to a base station by cables that carry electricity from the blimp to the local grid.
The turbine is designed for remote villages or industrial sites where there isn't grid power and for places such as military outposts that need to rely on diesel generators.
With the machine high in the air, the small wind turbine inside the helium-filled blimp generates twice the power as pole-mounted turbines, the company said. That's because winds are stronger and steadier at higher altitudes. This turbine was tested at 350 feet up.
Having done its prototype, the company is currently designing a commercial system, which would be larger and have a more powerful turbine, according to Adam Rein at Altaeros Energies. The cost of power from the airborne wind turbine is more expensive than power from the grid, but one third the cost of power from diesel generators, they said. The company is also working on a larger, utility-scale turbine for offshore wind.
The video also shows how the blimp can be automatically deployed and brought down from its launcher, which is a modified version of launchers used for industrial blimps.
Although there aren't any commercial systems yet, Altaeros Energy joins a few other companies which are making inflatable turbines or other devices designed to capture the stronger wind at higher altitudes.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
May 27, 2014, 4:53 AM GMT / Updated May 27, 2014, 4:31 PM GMT
Malaysia's government and satellite firm Inmarsat on Tuesday released the data used to determine the path of missing flight MH370, responding to calls from passengers' relatives for greater transparency.
The data from satellite communications with the Malaysia Airlines plane, which runs to 47 pages in a report prepared by Inmarsat, features hourly "handshakes" - or network log-on confirmations - after the aircraft disappeared from civilian radar screens on March 8.
Families of passengers are hoping that opening up the data to analysis by a wider range of experts can help verify the plane's last location, nearly three months after the Boeing 777 with 239 passengers and crew disappeared.
Separately, Australian investigators said the plane was likely running out of fuel when it stopped communicating with the satellite.
In a new analysis of available information, the Australian Transportation Safety Bureau said the final "handshake" was "consistent with the satellite communication equipment on the aircraft powering up following a power interruption," adding: "The interruption in electrical supply may have been caused by fuel exhaustion."
It added that calculations based on the amount of fuel on board were consistent with the jet running out of fuel at the point where the final "handshake" occurred.
An international investigation team, led by Malaysia, has concluded that the jet flew south after it was last spotted on Malaysian military radar and ended up in the southern Indian Ocean off western Australia.
This conclusion is based on calculations derived largely from the satellite communication data. Release of that data had become a rallying cry for many of the families, who have accused the Malaysian government of holding back information.
"When we first asked for the data it was more than two months ago. I never dreamed it would be such an obstacle to overcome," Sarah Bajc, the American partner of a passenger, told Reuters from Beijing.
Based on Inmarsat's and other investigators' analysis of the data, the aircraft is believed to have gone down in the Indian Ocean, off western Australia.
Malaysian investigators suspect someone shut off MH370's data links making the plane impossible to track, but investigators have so far turned up nothing suspicious about the crew or passengers.
In the hours after the aircraft disappeared, an Inmarsat satellite picked up a handful of handshake "pings", indicating the plane continued flying for hours after leaving radar.
The dense technical data released on Tuesday details satellite communications from before MH370's take-off on a Saturday morning at 12:41 a.m. local time to a final, "partial handshake" transmitted by the plane at 8:19 a.m. The data includes a final transmission from the plane 8 seconds later, after which there was no further response.
The data also featured two "telephony calls" initiated from the ground at 4.39 a.m. and 7.13 a.m. that went unanswered by the plane.
Bajc said experts on flight tracking, who have been advising the families, would now be able to analyse the data to see if the search area could be refined and determine if Inmarsat and other officials had missed anything.
But they complained that Tuesday's report was missing data that had been removed to improve readability, as well as comparable records from previous flights on MH370's route that the families had requested.
"Why couldn't they have submitted that?" they said. "It only makes sense if they are hiding something."
Malaysian officials were not immediately available to answer questions on the data.
Michael Exner, a satellite engineer who has been researching the calculations, said the data was unlikely to give any new insight. "There are probably two or three pages of important stuff, the rest is just noise," they told The Associated Press. "It doesn't add any value to our understanding."
Duncan Steel, a British scientist and astronomer, said some of the data "may" explain the belief that the aircraft went south rather than north, but that further confirmation would take a day or so. But they too are disappointed. "One can see no conceivable reason that the information could not have been released nine or 10 weeks ago. Even now, there are many, many lines of irrelevant information in those 47 pages," they told AP.
Reuters and The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Adam Lee walked for miles through a wildfire-ravaged neighborhood in Santa Rosa, Calif., that looked like a "nuclear zone" to see whether their winery had withstood the huge, fast-moving wildfires sweeping through the area.
When Lee emerged from the ash and the smoke, they learned they had been lucky: Siduri Wines was one of the few buildings spared in an area of Santa Rosa decimated by fires this week. But much remains unknown about the fate of the wine industry in Napa and Sonoma counties, whose food and wine culture draws millions to its rolling vineyards each year and where vintners produce some of the best wines in America and the world.
At least four wineries in Napa have suffered total or significant losses and nine reported some damage, according to Napa Valley Vintners, a trade association. At least two wineries in Sonoma are thought to be severely affected and several hotels and restaurants are thought to have been destroyed. But with fires still burning, people still being evacuated and owners unable to access their vineyards, the full scope of the damage to the area's fertile ground and coveted vines might not be apparent for days.
"We're not going to know anything for quite some time because the fires are still raging," said Margaret Bradley-Foley, owner of Petrichor Vineyards in Santa Rosa. They were out of town this weekend and has not been able to get to their vineyard, but said their neighbor's house burned down.
Napa and Sonoma account for about 10 percent of California's wine industry, which generates about $114 billion in annual economic activity and draws 23.6 million tourists to the state each year, according to the Wine Institute. California is the world's fourth-largest producer of wine.
But the impact of Napa and Sonoma is much larger than the numbers show. The region has become a wine and food mecca, a draw not only for wine tastings but for weddings, anniversary trips and events. The region also makes much of the nation's high-end wine, and the fires could have a disproportionate impact on the fine-wine market, said Stephen Rannekleiv, a beverage analyst at Rabobank International.
An out of control wildfire approaches Gundlach Bundschu winery on Monday in Sonoma, Calif. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
"When you think of wine country, you think of Napa and Sonoma," Rannekleiv said. "It's the face of the California wine ­industry."
The fires, which have decimated neighborhoods, charred resorts and left coils of fire snaking through vineyards, struck during harvest season. Those in the industry think the damage to grapes would have been worse any other year: About 90 percent of this year's grapes have been harvested, far ahead of schedule.
[‘A hell-storm of smoke and ash': Deadly wine-country wildfires force thousands to flee]
Because of extreme heat in September, "we front-loaded harvest this year, which is atypical for us," said Karissa Kruse, president of the Sonoma County Wine Growers. Kruse spoke on the phone outside of their home, which was destroyed in the fire.
Mary McAuley, founder of Ripe Life Wines, sources their fruit in Mendicino County, which has been ravaged by wildfires. McAuley said the county still has 20 to 30 percent of its fruit on the vine.
Burned out wine bottles sit on a rack at the fire-damaged Signarello Estate winery. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images)
"No one can see, it's smoky as hell, there's still no power, and even if you could pick you can't bring it in. You can't process it," McAuley said. It's hard to get in touch with people there; few are worried about wine or vineyards. "They're focused on saving lives."
Kruse said many vines in Sonoma are not thought to be damaged because of their water content; instead, the brush between the vines catches fire. The worry, they said, is that structures that contain tanks of wine will burn.
But Lee, of Siduri, is concerned about their tanks. They have wrapped dry ice packs around the fermenters to make sure oxygen can't get in, and opened doors and windows to make sure carbon monoxide from the fermenting process is aired out of the winery.
"I wouldn't say it's going as normal, but we should still be able to make wine out of it, and good wine, but it's not the way we would make wine," they said.
Patrick Llerena, who works at Locals tasting room in Geyserville, Calif., said cabernet sauvignon and zinfandel grapes probably are still on the vine and most at risk. They said the smoke is so thick that going outside for 15 minutes "is like smoking a pack of cigarettes."
Some wineries were harvesting grapes when the fires swept in. At Carlisle Winery, a night pick was in progress when employees were told to evacuate.
"Fruit is still in bins on the ground at the vineyard," owner Mike Officer said. "Can't get to the fruit, as the road is closed. A lost cause at this point."
Gerry Pasterick, the owner of Pasterick Winery in Healdsburg, said the grapes need to be picked and crushed before they over-ripen and begin to shrivel in the early autumn heat.
Even where the grapes have been picked, they said, there are wineries without power that can't process them.
"A winery without power can't crush and it can't ferment," they said. "And Mother Nature waits for no one. They do what they want, when they want. So you've got thousands of dollars worth of grapes that are going to be useless if you can't get them into the fermenters."
Many employees — amid the annual August to October harvest — lost their homes in Santa Rosa and won't be able to work until they find shelter, if there's a workplace to go to. In Sonoma, more than 90 percent of farmworkers work in vineyards.
[Mapping the wildfires in Northern California's wine country]
Although the harvest was nearing its end this year, many of the thousands of workers who flock to the area were still in wine country, according to Armando Elenes, a vice president at the United Farm Workers of America, which represents about 800 farmworkers there.
Elenes said the fire presented specific challenges for farmworkers, the large majority of whom are thought to be undocumented immigrants. "With land worker wages low, any loss of work is really difficult," they said. "The cost of living in this area is extremely expensive."
Many of the workers will not be able to get unemployment assistance because of their immigration status, Elenes said. Those who do qualify for other services, including stays at local shelters, are more reluctant to seek government help, they said.
"A lot of workers are hesitant to get those services because they're afraid," they said.
About 30 farmworkers were airlifted from two vineyards on a Napa peak on Sunday. They had been working overnight shifts as the fire spread, rendering the roads around them impassible.
Ken and Melissa Moholt-Siebert were in their home on the property of Ancient Oak Cellars in Sonoma County, 31 acres where Ken's grandparents first planted vines. A neighbor pointed out flames in the distance a little after midnight Sunday morning; Ken said the fire hooked to the north and a half-hour later the couple was choking on ash. They fled.
The couple was able to see their property from the 101 freeway on Tuesday. The pasture land appears to be destroyed, but some of the 15 acres of pinot noir grapes appear to be okay.
"It's not as bad as it could be and it may be minimal damage, but until we're allowed in we won't be able to see," Melissa Moholt-Siebert said. The couple said the winemaking community has been extremely supportive — a warehouse set up a grill and served hot dogs and steak to the community Tuesday. But they worry about what could happen in the next few days.
"The fire is not at all contained," they said.
Nancy Light of the Wine Institute said some vineyard owners have not yet reported the condition of their vineyards, due in large part to spotty communications, and that the priority is to make sure that employees are safe.
There is concern, however, that the fires could dramatically affect tourism in Napa and Sonoma at a peak time of the year.
"The fear and concern is it's a big time for tourism, and when people see something like this they reconsider their plans or cancel their plans, and I'd say it's too early to do this," they said. "We do think the industry will be able to spring back and we'll be able to welcome tourists."
Breena Kerr in Healdsburg, Calif., and Alice Crites and Dave McIntyre in Washington contributed to this report.
Attorney General Bob Ferguson did the state a favor this week, announcing a plan to push a ban of semi-automatic, military-style weapons like the AR-15 rifle through the state Legislature.
NO matter how many times the gun lobby says it, more guns won't make Americans safer.
That's especially true of semi-automatic rifles like the AR-15. America has seen again and again the lethal cost of these weapons of destruction deployed in civil society, from Newtown, Conn., to Orlando, Fla., to San Bernadino, Calif., to Umpqua Community College to Mukilteo.
Although these so-called “assault weapons,” fitted with high capacity magazines, are used in a small fraction of America's gun homicides, they are terrifyingly powerful when deployed. Such weapons resulted in 155 percent more people shot and nearly 50 percent more people killed compared to other mass shootings, according to an analysis by the gun control group Everytown for Gun Safety.
America has already seen what happens when these weapons are banned. Mass shootings plunged after the 1994 federal assault-weapons ban was enacted and doubled when it expired. And those numbers were likely weakened by the federal ban's broad loopholes and exemptions.
When Congress let the ban expire, states — as they have with one issue after another — stepped into the void. Currently, at least nine states ban or regulate so-called assault weapons. Eight states, including Colorado, limit large-capacity clips, usually defined as 10 rounds or more.
Washington should join them. Attorney General Bob Ferguson did the state a favor this week announcing a plan to push a ban of semi-automatic, military-style weapons like the AR-15 rifle through the state Legislature. Their advocacy should help lawmakers have a robust conversation about the trade offs of banning assault rifles and high-capacity magazines.
Such a law clearly would limit a constitutional right and should be carefully crafted. Ferguson and their legislative partners say their proposal would grandfather existing assault weapons, as other states have done, while limiting owners' ability to resell the weapons.
But Second Amendment rights are not absolute. None other than Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia articulated the states' authority to impose “conditions and qualifications on the commercial sale of arms.”
The high court this year declined to hear — and let stand — assault-weapon bans passed by New York and Connecticut after the mass murder of 26 children and adults in Newtown. Ferguson cited those bans as potential templates for Washington state.
If lawmakers can have an honest discussion this year, they'll find a majority of the public favors a ban. A poll commissioned by Ceasefire, a gun-control-advocacy group, found that nearly two-thirds of residents in Washington and Oregon favor banning assault rifles and big ammo clips. A national poll taken after the Orlando shooting pegged support for a ban at 57 percent.
At a news conference announcing their plans, Ferguson was flanked by the parents of Will Kramer, who was severely wounded in the July 30 Mukilteo shooting. The alleged shooter, age 19, couldn't buy a beer, but easily bought an AR-15 model and 30-round clip, even though they were so uninformed about their weapon that they had to read the owner's manual moments before opening fire.
In choosing to not restrict access to that lethal weapon, Washington lawmakers have made a conscious choice: The recreational pleasure of shooting such a powerful rifle is more important than the extraordinary damage and lasting pain and suffering it has wrought again and again.
HARLINGEN — A Harlingen man shot and killed a pit bull that was attacking their dog last night and accidentally grazed their hand in the process, police said.
Police said the man was trying to stop a pit bull that was attacking their dog. When they fired, the bullet grazed their hand and killed the black and white pit bull, police said.
The man told police that a neighbor's dog apparently jumped a fence, went into their yard and attacked their dog in the 2100 block of East Austin Avenue, police Sgt. David Osborne said.
The man took a handgun into the yard with the intent to shoot the dog that was attacking their dog and when they fired, they accidentally grazed their hand, Osborne said.
The man was taken to a hospital with a non-life threatening wound.
The incident was still under investigation.
…in Japan of course. Although director Michael Arias was born in the US, he's been living in Tokyo for over 15 years, and Heaven's Door is again shot completely in Japanese. I was impressed with Arias' intelligence and attitude after watching the extras on the Tekkon Kinkreet Blu-ray, so look forward to seeing this at some point in the future. The Daily Yomiuri has the details:
Inspired by the German movie Knockin' on Heaven's Door (1997), Heaven's Door is a road movie about Masato (Nagase) and Harumi (Mayuko Fukuda), who are diagnosed as having just three days to live. Since Harumi has never seen the ocean in their life, Masato decides to take them there before they die. Arias and scriptwriter Mika Omori recreated the original to make the storyline and feel of the movie more Japanese. To make the Japanese version, Arias had to clear one possible barrier to audiences accepting the story. That is, it seemed improbable that there could be anyone in the entire Japanese archipelago who has never seen the ocean.
Apparently, excellent UK techno duo Plaid return again to provide the soundtrack, which is excellent news after their work on TK. One to watch out for, but let's hope it doesn't mean Arias is completely done with making animation.
Resorts across the country are extending their spring skiing & snowboarding season, even here in the humble midwest we're looking at mid- to late-April closing days within a reasonable drive from just about anywhere.
So take advantage of bonus spring skiing & snowboarding, get those last turns, send it to the slush, chill on the patio drinking beer in the sun, and make the most of what's left, because Thanksgiving is a looooong way off.
Here's a list of happenings across the midwest in no particular order whatsoever. Feel free to add more because I probably missed a few.
Hawk Island Snow Park in Lansing MI is never closing. But seriously they will probably be open in May this year. Tons of snow and the park is on point.
Caberfae Peaks closes this weekend and has some crazy family specials, like $45 for 3 lift tickets, rentals and lessons. Get the whole family out riding or skiing, it should be great spring weather.
Trollhaugen WI will be open Friday-Sunday for their Blowout weekend, with more bonus days to be announced soon. Plus, trolls get $15 lift tickets with a season pass from anywhere this weekend. This place has been on my radar for a long time it always looks like they have a rad park build.
Tyrol Basin is running a spring jam on April 18 & 19.
Treetops MI is open through Sunday, and with a season pass to any other hill, you get to ride free on Friday and Sunday, and Saturday lift ticket is only $10.
Looks like Minnesota's Lutsen Mountain's Mountain Meltdown is closing out the season the weekend of April 12-13 with a 2-day music festival, 2-for-1 lift tickets and a huge party. If it wasn't 14 hours away, it would probably be a good time.
For the latest updates, follow @agnarchy on Facebook:
Mount Bohemia is forecasted to get up to 20″ of snow on Friday. If you live within 8 hours of there, and your daughter's 2nd birthday party is not on Saturday, you really have no excuses. That place is legit, I can only imagine what it would be like riding that beast in tits deep powder.
Ski Brule, always among the first to open and last to close in the Midwest, will probably be open until August. Nah, but seriously they will be open through April most likely.
Marquette Mountain is open this weekend, then closed for the week, and re-opening for the last hurrah on Saturday, April 12.
Crystal Mountain and Nub's Nob will run daily operations through Sunday, April 13. Nub's is currently boasting up to 80″ base and “more snow on the slopes now than at any time in our 56 year history.” Get it.
Boyne Mountain will be open daily through Sunday, April 20.
We're heading north next weekend, hoping to take advantage of the spring slush and soft parks at Nub's Nob and Boyne Mountain, because I really really really don't want to ride my longboard yet.
Lots of people talk about "movie magic," but when films need a little actual abracadabra they call on David Kwong.
Kwong is the founder of the Misdirectors Guild, a firm that has offered magical advice on films ranging from Red Lights to The Incredible Burt Wonderstone. You can see their latest tricks in the film Now You See Me, which opens today and follows a group of magicians known as the Four Horsemen who magically rob the rich and give to the poor. Although their advice is usually limited to individual tricks, Kwong got involved with the film very early on and made sure director Louis Leterrier layered magic concepts into the story itself. The fact that the magicians are always one step ahead of everyone? That's theirs doing. So is one very special part of the movie's final heist involving a rabbit box.
So how does someone become a magic consultant? For Kwong, it started at Harvard University, where they convinced the history department to let them get their degree in magic studies. "They're now so proud that I've done something interesting with my history degree, when they welcome freshmen into the department or try to convince them, rather, to join, they say, 'Look, when you study history you don't have to become a professor, you can be a magician,'" Kwong told Wired. From there they went on to do marketing for HBO, study magic in China, and move to Los Angeles to work in film development – which lead to founding the Misdirectors Guild.
To find out what was "real" magic in Now You See Me and what was just movie magic, Wired asked Kwong to explain a few of the film's best tricks. They didn't give everything away, naturally, but they did share some of their secrets.
Oh, and before you ask, yes the cast did learn the least a little magic in order to pull off their roles. (Watch them in action in the clips above.) Jesse Eisenberg learned card tricks for their J. Daniel Atlas; Isla Fisher learned how to hold their breath for their Houdini-like role as Henley Reeves; Woody Harrelson learned a few hypnosis moves; and Dave Franco mastered card-throwing – something that came in handy with their "sleight-of-hand-to-hand-combat" scene (see below) with Mark Ruffalo's FBI agent Dylan Rhodes.
"Dave Franco was an incredible workhorse, they had the most athletic uses of slight of hand in that fight scene," Kwong said. "He's really producing hands of cards and throwing them. … Maybe not the wisest choice."
Here are some of the other tricks they pulled off in Now You See Me.
Atlas' "Pick a Card" Trick
Now You See Me opens with a card trick by a magician named Atlas, played by Jesse Eisenberg. (Watch them perform it in the clip above.) While throwing up their subject's card on the side of a building is a bit of a twist, the way they suggested which card they should see is a bit of what Kwong calls "riffle selection," along with some other techniques they won't reveal. "It's the first time you can be part of the audience. And Jesse, who plays Atlas, looks right at the camera as if he's speaking to the young woman and they suggest that you pick a playing card," Kwong said. "If you notice the one that they intend, it appears on the building behind him."
The Paris Bank Heist
While (presumably) no foursome of Las Vegas magicians have ever transported someone to a bank in Paris to rob it blind, the concept of disappearing from a stage and showing up elsewhere is actually a classic David Copperfield illusion. "The original trick where someone disappears in one place and the movie screen comes down and that person appears in a far-off place on the movie screen, that is based on their original trick that they did many years ago called Portal," Kwong said.
Being Handcuffed in a Water Tank
When the audience first meets Isla Fisher's Henley, she's doing a trick at a gig in Los Angeles where she's shackled and put in a tank of water. If they don't escape in under a minute, she'll be attacked by piranhas. The trick is based on a Harry Houdini trick... mostly. "It's based on the water-torture cell, which Houdini made famous: escaping from shackles while submerged," Kwong said. "But [producer] Alex Kurtzman added in the extra danger of the piranhas and it's a brilliant notion."
Trick Like an Egyptian
Morgan Freeman's "debunker" Thaddeus Bradley tells a story about Egyptians using sleight-of-hand to steal food for slaves. "This is debatable, but many people say that the first magic trick was in ancient Egyptian times," Kwong said. "And there are real hieroglyphics that appear to be the cups and the balls routine, which evolved into the shell game, which we still see magicians perform today with cups and balls."
You'll Never See the Eye
In Now You See Me, there's a mysterious ancient order of magicians known as The Eye. Unfortunately, you'll never see it in the real world. "[The Eye] is made up but it's certainly something we all fantasize about. As a real magician I can tell you I wish there was a secret order out there," said Kwong.
At the widest point of the Greater Thames estuary, 12 miles north of the Kent coast and 12 miles south of Essex, lies the London Array – the largest operational offshore wind farm in the world. Completed in 2013, after 10 years of planning and construction, it covers an area of 40 square miles – roughly the same size of Bristol – and comprises 175 individual turbines laid out in neat rows like an enormous nursery flower bed.
It's a mature technology, and it's a very effective way of installing new power on to the grid Jonathan Duffy, London Array general manager
“Standing on a boat in the middle of the wind farm surrounded by these machines is awesome,” says Jonathan Duffy, the farm's general manager. “Knowing the turbines around you are generating electricity for more than half a million homes from the breeze passing through is a great feeling.”
While the UK ranks comparatively low in the European renewable energy rankings, in wind power it is flourishing, having overtaken France as the sixth largest global generator of wind power, and boasting the largest offshore capacity in the world.
Offshore wind is not only clean and increasingly cheap, it is also among the most popular energy sources in Britain, exploiting the wealth of a well-buffeted coastline without impacting on local landscapes. “When you compare it to other technologies, it's a fairly sure bet,” says Duffy. “It's a mature technology and it's a very effective way of installing new power on to the grid.”
Much of the UK's offshore territory belongs to the Crown Estate, which manages and leases the seabed on which UK offshore wind farms are built. The London Array originally leased a second area in the hope of doubling the size of the farm, but this second phase was cancelled due to concerns about the welfare of the red-throated diver, a seabird that spends winter in the area.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest One of the London Array's two substations. Photograph: Pedro Alvarez for the Observer
Each turbine begins 30 metres beneath the seabed, rises through about 20 metres of water, with the turbine hub a further 80 metres above the surface. From top to toe, they are taller than the London Eye, or the spire of Salisbury Cathedral, dwarfing the turbines seen on land. Three blades, each of them 58 metres long, rotate clockwise, covering a “swept area” of more than 11,000 square metres, and operate in wind speeds ranging from 7mph to 55mph. The turbine heads are motorised, turning when necessary to face the wind, and transmit their generated power – up to 630 megawatts – through four thick undersea cables, via two substations, to the coast of Kent, where it is distributed to London and the south‑east.
Spinning languidly above the sea, the turbines have a look of serene independence. In fact, they stand in choppy, tidal waters and require constant vigilance and maintenance to sustain their power output. Every day during the summer, 60 labourers spend 12-hour shifts travelling between the turbines, climbing their vertical ladders, tuning, lubricating and realigning their complex machinery.
Duffy hopes to constantly improve the plant's efficiency, and last December, the plant broke its own output record, generating 369,000 megawatt hours (MWh) of electricity in one month. “We have very good reliability,” says Duffy. “The turbines are designed for 20 years, but we may be able to revisit our calculations and extend their lives.”
By 2036, larger and cheaper installations in British waters will probably have matched the output of the London Array but, with luck, those 525 blades will spin for many years more, harnessing the turbulent British weather for the common good.
Today Raiders brass was meeting with the Las Vegas Stadium Authority to submit their proposal. The meeting lasted just a half hour which was said to be one of the shortest ever. At the meeting was Raiders president Marc Badain while Mark Davis was meeting with Sheldon Adelson.
A few interesting details from the Raiders' proposal.
1. Stadium site preference
According to reports, the Raiders have selected the Russell Road site as their preferred site which is on the west side of I-15, southwest of the strip.
2. No lease agreement yet
One of the reasons Mark Davis was meeting with Sheldon Adelson today was to discuss the details of this. As Daniel Kaplan explains, having no lease agreement means it is uncertain yet whether Adelson will indeed be putting up the $650 million or not. If they back out, Goldman Sachs is waiting to take over as the private backer.
Told the Raiders relocation bid does not have a lease agreement in it, so whether team aligns with Adelson or Goldman Sachs still uncertain — daniel kaplan (@dkaplanSBJ) January 26, 2017
This backing is above and beyond the $750 million in public funding as well as the $500 million from Davis and the NFL. Not knowing where the rest of the money is coming from could potentially affect the NFL vote come March 26.
3. Raiders rent set at $1
Yes, that's ONE DOLLAR. As Jackie Valley of the Nevada Independent discovered when they were thumbing through the use agreement.
4. Raiders control naming rights
If the $1 rent and $750 million in public funds didn't seem like a sweet enough deal, the Raiders also propose control of all naming rights of stadium and outdoor plaza area.
5. Raiders keep signage sponsorship revenue
If the $1 rent, $750 million in public funds, and stadium naming rights wasn't sweet enough already, they also propose to retain all revenue from signage at the stadium.
The full document is 107 pages long which the Authority board members are expected to review and discuss at a meeting next month.
Smoke rises in the centre of the Libyan capital of Tripoli after deadly clashes on May 26, 2017 between forces loyal to the UN-backed unity government and rival militiamen (AFP Photo/MAHMUD TURKIA)
Tripoli (AFP) - Forces loyal to Libya's unity government said Saturday that 52 of its fighters were killed as they repelled rival militias in fierce clashes in the capital Tripoli.
Apart from sporadic gunfire in southern Tripoli, calm returned to the city on Saturday, the first day of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan.
Among the 52 killed in Friday's clashes which centred on the southern district of Abu Slim, said Hashem Bichr, a security official of the Government of National Accord, were 17 members of pro-GNA forces who had been "executed".
There was no immediate confirmation from medical or other independent sources of the death toll, updated from Friday's health ministry figures of 28 dead and more than 100 wounded that did not give a breakdown of the casualties.
UN special envoy Martin Kobler condemned the fighting in which heavy artillery and tanks were used, urging restraint from all sides.
Forces of the UN-backed GNA announced on their Facebook page they had defeated rival militias and taken control of a prison holding key leaders of the ousted regime of Moamer Kadhafi including their last premier, Baghdadi al-Mahmudi, and former intelligence chief Abdullah Senussi.
Al-Hadhba jail had been under the control of the Fajr Libya militia coalition, which had seized Tripoli in 2014 and set up a government headed by Khalifa Ghweil.
The Libyan capital has been gripped by a power struggle ever since a NATO-backed uprising toppled longtime dictator Kadhafi in 2011.
The latest fighting started around a complex of luxury villas that until March served as headquarters of militias loyal to Ghweil, who was ousted when the GNA took office last year but refuses to recognise the new administration.
Loyalist forces seized the villas in four days of intense fighting in March that saw them expand their control over the capital.
Tripoli had been relatively calm since, but dozens of armed groups still operate and several parts of Tripoli remain beyond its control.
Relying on militia support and pitted against a rival administration in eastern Libya, the GNA has struggled to assert its authority across the country.
In a statement on Friday, the GNA blamed Ghweil and Salah Badi, another leader of Fajr Libya, for Friday's violence.
"This is their gift to the people for the month of Ramadan," it said in a statement.
Mattia Toaldo, senior policy fellow at the European Council on Foreign Relations, said the main figure to benefit from the Tripoli clashes was military strongman Khalifa Haftar, who supports the eastern administration.
"The man standing to gain from these clashes is again Khalifa Haftar who benefits from the increasing sense of chaos in the capital," they told AFP.
[Haskell-cafe] ANN: HaskellTorrent v0.0
Hello, I am happy to announce HaskellTorrent v0.0, a concurrent bittorrent client. The current release is a rather early preview release: it can download torrents and seed them, but currently there are many optimizations and tweaks needed before it is ready for day-to-day use. In particular, we are not yet fully compliant with the bittorrent specification and need proper clients to connect to in order to operate. Basically, you install the cabal package and then run HaskellTorrent foo.torrent and it will then download the contents of the torrent to the current directory. We would like to hear about any kind of problems you might encounter. Send them to jesper.louis.andersen at gmail.com for now. We have only tested the software on GHC 6.10.4 and 6.12.1, mostly on Unix platforms. It is known to work on Debian/Unstable with GHC610 and GHC612. If you want to hack code, get in touch with me. There are something for any level of skill to do. *** HaskellTorrent is using the CML library to get concurrency. It easily runs some 200-300 processes when it operates and its process model is somewhat loosely inspired by the model of Erlang. Looking forward, the next goal is to optimize concurrency, memory usage and CPU usage in the client. It currently hogs resources due to naive data structure choices and some expensive correctness assertions. *** Links of interest: http://hackage.haskell.org/package/HaskellTorrent http://github.com/jlouis/haskell-torrent *** This release was brought to you by: Alex Mason: A lot of Wireprotocol and BCode serialization work through the use of the cereal package. Astro: GHC 6.12 support. Support for multi-file torrents. In addition, patches were contributed by: Jesper Louis Andersen John Gunderman Thomas Christensen -- J.
The velocity with which the Payne scandal has burst out into US national media has been astonishing: only last Saturday night, a London Times story, slated for Sunday printing, revealed footage in which a George W. Bush friend of two decades was shown trying to sell access to top White House officials. But Stephen P. Payne's offer of access to the White House, in exchange for a several hundred thousand dollar donation to a controversial George W. Bush Presidential library and partisan think-tank planned for Southern Methodist University in Texas, may be only be the tip of the controversy.
Within roughly 36 hours the scandal has progressed from a Sunday London Times story, to the Internet, then to mainstream American media -- and less than two days after the initially breaking news US Congressman Henry Waxman has launched a House Oversight Committee investigation into Payne's offer, captured on video, of White House access in exchange for a donation to the planned George W. Bush presidential library. But Waxman's initial probe may turn up much more troubling findings:
If Stephen P. Payne's claims -- to have personally negotiated for the US government major arms deals and a billion dollar financial packages while also being paid by foreign governments to arrange those deals -- hold true then American national security may have been compromised in ways that could take years to assess.
Before the concept of universal human rights disrupted the established order, when the Divine Right of Kings was still largely unquestioned, paying bribes to the king's courtiers, for access to the throne, would not have been unusual. But we are supposed to be living in the Age of Democracy, centuries beyond that time when commoners bowed and scraped before royal classes whose position was said to carry divine sanction. As the following emergent scandal suggests, to be a friend of Bush is to be an international prince beyond all normal human rules. American citizens, even those wearing extremely fancy clothing, cannot simply wander in off the street, to be photographed next to Pervez Mushareff or Vladimir Putin, and there are good and logical reasons why that is so.
For the very same reasons Secret Service personnel make sure strangers do not simply wander up to US presidents. It is a matter of national security. That is why we can dismiss, as ridiculous, suggestions by White House spokesperson Dana Perrino to the effect that Stephen P. Payne's knack for appearing in photographs with globally significant leaders does not imply White House sanction, or George W. Bush's personal sanction, for Payne's apparently lucrative, top level private diplomatic juggernaut.
Early Saturday evening, EST, the Sunday London Times released a story, by investigative reporter Daniel Foggo, which was supported by damning secret footage taken at a meeting between Steven P. Payne and the former president of a West Asian nation. The deal Payne offered, caught on videotape, seemed straightforward enough -- a several hundred thousand dollars donation, to the George W. Bush presidential library planned to be built at Southern Methodist University in Texas, could get access to key figures in the White House -- Dick Cheney or Condaleeza Rice.
Below: troublesome video, courtesy of Sunday London Times & Daniel Foggo:
But Stephen P. Payne's business brochure, for "Worldwide Strategic Partners", suggested that Payne's work had extended to a realm beyond the mere solicitation of big cash donations to a presidential library. Payne claims to have been negotiating international deals, on behalf of the Bush Administration, that can make or break entire nations and keep the peace or lead towards war.
TalkingPointsMemo has a report that cuts closer to the heart of this story than most mainstream media reports on the quickly gathering scandal that seems to have burst off the Internet in nearly record time:
A photo of Payne with Afghan President Hamid Karzai is featured in one of their firm's PowerPoint slides. Payne has helped Bush and Cheney when they visit the Middle East. They joined the president at the Red Sea Summit in Jordan in June 2003, serving as a "Senior Presidential Advance Representative," according to their firm's own description. With the vice president, Payne has traveled to the Middle East in 2002 and 2005, to Korea in 2004, Kazakhstan in 2006, and Afghanistan for the inauguration of Afghan President Karzai. Payne's firm says he's been a "governmental affairs consultant" representing Afghanistan, Pakistan, Azerbaijan, Morgan Stanley, SAP Software, & Continental Airlines. He's also worked for Yukos Oil, Boeing and Lockheed Martin.
Below: White House spokesperson Dana Perrino tries to discount Stephen P. Payne's 2 decade long association with George W. Bush
Stephen P. Payne has been photographed clearing brush with George W. Bush, at Bush's Crawford ranch, and Payne can be seen in pictures shooting with Dick Cheney. Payne appears, in a photo, next to a beaming Condaleeza Rice. Perhaps that is all the visual sanction Payne needed in order to convince possible clients of their geopolitical gravitas but Payne claims they actually played a role very similar to the role Henry Kissinger would have played during the Nixon Administration -- wheeling and dealing in the idiom of realpolitik, cutting deals of international import.
In effect, Payne seems to have been running their own shadow state department, a hybridized private venture in which Stephen Payne worked both as a lobbyist paid by foreign nations and also functioned as an official emissary or ambassador for the Bush Administration. In a confidential business brochure advertising their "Worldwide Strategic Partners" venture, Stephen Payne claims to have personally arranged the sale of F-16 fighter jets to Pakistan and also the renegotiation of billions of dollars in Pakistani foreign debt.
Below are textual excerpts from Stephen P. Payne's formerly confidential Worldwide Strategic Partners corporate advertising brochure [ PDF of brochure ]
Stephen P. Payne Governmental Affairs Consultant Representing: Afghanistan, Hamid Karzai, Pakistan, Azerbaijan Morgan Stanley, SAP Software, & Continental Airlines - The White House; Senior Presidential Advance Representative: Traveled with
President Bush to Jordan for the Red Sea Summit in June 2003, with Vice President Cheney to the Middle East in 2002 & 2005, Korea in 2004, Kazakhstan in 2006, and Afghanistan for the historic inauguration of Afghan President Karzai - Board Member: National Defense University Foundation - Deputy Director and Congressional Liaison: 2001 Presidential Inaugural Committee - June 2007 appointment to the Department of Homeland Security's Secure Borders and Open Doors Advisory Committee - Vice Chair, United States Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison 2000 & 2006 Campaigns - Member, Homeland Security Advisory Council, member of Rice/Chertoff Commission on Visas, and Border protection and also a member of the Essential Technologies Task Force of DHS - 2006 NATO Summit in Riga, Latvia, lead a think tank conference panel discussion on energy security and chaired a NATO Future Leaders Forum comprised of leaders from thirty-five NATO member and partner countries
Now, consider what Steven Payne's group was able to accomplish for the government of Pakistan:
Pakistan : an International Relationship Transformed Helped Pakistan negotiate a 5-year, $3 billion dollar aid package from the United States. - Coordinated the removal of economic and military sanctions imposed on Pakistan under the Clinton Administration : Secured Pakistan the prestigious-"Major Non-NATO Ally Status" including : Japan, Australia, Israel, Egypt, South Korea, Kuwait, Argentina and the Philippines. - At the request of the Pakistan Government, beginning November 2002, the Team began laying the ground work to secure an "invitation initiated by the White House" for a one-on-one meeting between President Musharraf and President Bush outside of Washington, D.C . As a result of the Team's continual conversations over the period of several months, with the highest levels of the U.S. Administration The Team arranged for the meeting at the prestigious and high profile location of Camp David: an unprecedented scheduling accomplishment. - Assisted with a U.S./Pakistan Free Trade Agreement. Coordinated, structured and implemented a comprehensive plan to release Pakistan from US, IMF, World Bank debt through grants, aid, debt forgiveness, debt rescheduling and guarantees. - After intensive coordinated efforts, Pakistan was finally able to purchase F-16 fighter jets (previously canceled under the Clinton Administration) and secured the delivery of C-130 transport aircraft, helicopters and night-vision equipment from the U.S. to fulfill Pakistani military requirements. ". . . It gives me great pleasure to thank you for playing such an important role in strengthening US Pakistan ties . . .The challenges faced by both our countries in the aftermath of September 11th, brought us even closer, in which you played a pivotal role . . ." -Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf Letter to Stephen Payne, Dated January 21, 2006. . .
Payne's business seems to represent the quintessence of what's wrong with the Bush Administration and American Democracy; government in secret, by and for the wealthy and powerful. The Watergate scandal involved merely the attempted subversion of the US electoral process, but PayneGate represents a much more basic subversion and corruption of American Democracy because democracy can only function to the extent that it is transparent.
Below: Stephen Payne's firm really helped out the government of Azerbaijan
In 2006 Thiago Olson joined the extremely sparse ranks of amateurs worldwide who have achieved nuclear fusion with a home apparatus. In other words, they built the business end of a hydrogen bomb in their basement. The plasma "star in a jar"—shown at the left—demonstrated their success.
For two years, Olson researched what they would need and scrounged for parts from eBay and the hardware store. Flanges and piping? Check. High-voltage X-ray transformer? Check. Pumps, deuterium source, neutron bubble dosimeter? Check, check, check.
“I have cross-country and track, so during those seasons I don't have much time to work on it,” says Olson, a highschool senior in Michigan.“It's more of a weekend project.” Last November the machine finally delivered the hallmark of success: bubbles in the dosimeter. The bubbles indicate the presence of neutrons, a by-product of fusion—an energy-releasing process in which two hydrogen nuclei crash together and form a helium nucleus. Fusion is commonplace in stars, where hydrogen nuclei fuse in superhot plasma, but temperatures that high is hard to achieve on Earth. Still, the prospect ofcreating all this energy while forming only nonradioactive helium and easily controlled neutrons has made harnessing fusion one of the most sought-after and heavily funded goals in sustainable energy.
Olson's apparatus won't work for generating commercial power because it takes more energy to run than it produces. But they have succeeded increating a “star in a jar,” a tiny flash of hot plasma. “The temperature of the plasma is around 200 million degrees,” Olson says modestly, “several times hotter than the core of the sun.”
Robert Bussard, a nuclear physicist who has spent most of their career investigating fusion for both the government and private companies, applauds Olson's ambition. “These kids are studying much more useful physics than what the country is spending billions on,” they say. “It causes them to think. They're not going down the mainstream path to oblivion.” And, aside from using high voltage and emitting low-level radiation, the machine has been deemed harmless. “About a week ago, the department of health from Michigan called my principal,” Olson says. “They wanted to come over and inspect it. They did that, they were impressed, and it checked out.”
Topgolf Transforming Arrowhead Stadium into Larger-Than-Life Playground
Topgolf takes the social experience Kansas City loves to new heights with Topgolf Crush
KANSAS CITY, Kan., June 12, 2017 /PRNewswire/-- Kansas City Chiefs fans can experience a new kind of game at Arrowhead Stadium: Topgolf® Crush. From July 27-30, sports fans, golfers and even non-golfers alike can enjoy food, drinks and music from a live DJ – all while crushing golf balls from the stands of Arrowhead Stadium into giant targets on the field. Tickets for Topgolf Crush go on sale at 9 a.m. Central tomorrow at topgolf.com/crush.
"Topgolf Crush puts an exciting twist on the Topgolf experience, and we're looking forward to bringing the party to Arrowhead Stadium in Kansas City," said Topgolf Chief Marketing Officer Brian Radics. "In addition to the entertainment experience guests have come to love at Topgolf Overland Park, Topgolf Crush will also feature Topgolf's new Toptracer Range technology, which tracks the flight path of each shot for an entirely new gaming experience."
Players will aim for giant targets ranging from 40-150 yards away on the field. Topgolf's Range Toptracer technology – not yet available at the Overland Park location – tracks the flight path of the golf balls, instantly scoring every shot so players can challenge others to competition. Operating daily from 9 a.m. to midnight, Topgolf Crush will also feature a bar and concessions food options, as well as various lawn games for those wanting to keep the fun going before or after their tee time. A live DJ will spin every day throughout the event.
"We've been working to bring Topgolf Crush to Arrowhead Stadium since we heard about the first event earlier this year," said Kansas City Chiefs and Arrowhead Events LLC President Mark Donovan. "This will be a special, one-of-kind opportunity for our fans to play Topgolf in the Home of the Chiefs, and we're thrilled to be a part of it."
Topgolf Crush tickets start at $65 for standard 1-day passes, $100 for premium 1-day passes, and $250 for VIP passes. VIP passes include game play, parking, all-day food and beverage inclusions in the exclusive VIP lounge, a 4-day festival pass, a complimentary Topgolf Lifetime Membership and $10 off game play, redeemable at Topgolf Overland Park.
To purchase a ticket or book a corporate event for Topgolf Crush Kansas City, visit topgolf.com/crush.
About Arrowhead Events
Arrowhead Events, the special events arm of the Kansas City Chiefs organization, is focused on making Arrowhead Stadium an entertainment destination that serves the entire Kansas City region. With more than 76,000 seats and a quarter-million square feet of event space developed as part of major renovations in 2010, Arrowhead Stadium is quickly becoming more than just a venue for football games. In the past decade, Arrowhead has played host to eight major concert tours, including Kenny Chesney, Taylor Swift, the Rolling Stones and One Direction, has hosted multiple international soccer matches and was home to the American Royal's World Series of Barbecue. For more information on Arrowhead Stadium and Arrowhead Events, please visit www.chiefs.com/arrowhead/ and follow @ArrowheadEvents on Twitter.
About Topgolf
Topgolf inspires the connections that bring people together for unforgettable good times. Whether it's a date night, girls' night, family outing, happy hour, work breakfast, lunch hour or any other kind of hour, Topgolf makes socializing a sport – literally. Through the premium experience of Play, Food and Music, Topgolf is inspiring people of all ages and skill levels – even non-golfers – to come together for playful competition. Topgolf also brings interactive experiences to the community that facilitate shared moments and deep relationships through Topgolf U golf lessons, weekly leagues, The Topgolf Tour competition, KidZone parties, social and corporate team-building events, and the World Golf Tour (WGT) app. Each venue features high-tech, climate-controlled hitting bays for year-round comfort, delicious food and beverage, live events, music, hundreds of HDTVs and outstanding hospitality. With 33 venues entertaining 10.5 million Guests annually and the world's largest digital golf audience, Topgolf is creating the best times of your life both in-venue and online. To learn more about Topgolf, follow @Topgolf or visit www.topgolf.com.
Media Contact:
Adrienne Chance
Director of Corporate Communications, Topgolf
Ph: (214) 501-5025
E-mail: press@topgolf.com
SOURCE Topgolf
Some of this has to do with the venue. After all, The Garden is fitted atop Penn Station—the busiest transportation hub in the entire Western Hemisphere—with subways and bus routes and seven different tunnels that fling Joel's faithful base out to Hackensack on New Jersey Transit and Oyster Bay on the Long Island Railroad. But Joel's dominance doesn't end at the terminus of the Hudson River Line. The MSG residency, with help from a methodical regimen of packed stadium shows across the United States and beyond, has turned Joel, who was all but retired just a few years ago, into the music industry's fourth-highest paid performer in 2014 and 2015 (the most recent years for which data is available). Another way of putting it: Despite having not released a new pop album since 1993, Billy Joel is outearning the likes of U2 and Adele.
These successes undoubtedly must irk their many critics, who have over the years derided Joel in extremely personal terms: as a would-be “Irving Berlin of narcissistic alienation” (1973), “the worst pop singer ever” (2009), and more recently, “the great American nightmare” (2017). While Joel has scored twice as many Top 40 hits as their friend and fellow tri-state institution Bruce Springsteen, he's received comparatively little of The Boss's critical acclaim. Springsteen, for example, has been awarded 20 non-honorary Grammys compared with Joel's five. Joel's work, steadily dismissed as middlebrow and ersatz pastiche, hardly seemed destined for a decades-long afterlife. So how is Billy Joel pulling this off?
* * *
In 1998, in the era before big data, a brand researcher describing the effect of nostalgia on the palate brought up the orange juice test in an interview with The New York Times. “If you do blind taste tests in New York,” they explained, “Tropicana will win every time. If you do it in California, Minute Maid wins every time.” The reasoning was simple: “That's the taste you grew up with.”
While I didn't grow up in an orange juice household, like millions of Americans born in the 1980s, my required intake of concentrated saccharine did involve the music of Billy Joel.
Their 1980 album Glass Houses, Joel's melodic incursion into the punk-rock era (“You May Be Right,” “It's Still Rock ‘N Roll to Me”) was in semi-constant rotation in my dad's car. My older sister and I spent hours faithfully recreating the excessive shoulder-shimmying from Joel's staggering string of hit music videos from their 1983 doo-wop-themed An Innocent Man (“Tell Them About It,” “Uptown Girl,” “An Innocent Man,” “Keeping the Faith”). And my first true live concert—with my parents in tow, no doubt—was Joel's stop at The Summit in Houston in support of their middling 1989 album Storm Front (“We Didn't Start the Fire,” “I Go to Extremes”).
If there were one standout in our household, it was probably Joel's 1978 jazz-themed album 52nd Street, which, in addition to being one of their few critically acclaimed records, is one of their strangest. The album kicks off with “Big Shot,” the petulant first of three straight massive singles, before zigging into the schmaltzy “Honesty,” and then zagging back to the defiant “My Life.” But for my piggy bank, the pathos-filled second half is where the truffles are. “Zanzibar,” the story of a drunk in a sports bar, has two jazz-trumpet solos. “Rosalinda's Eyes,” Joel's tribute to their mother, features vibes, marimba, and a 21-second recorder interlude. The album's pièce de résistance is the Righteous Brothers-inspired “Until the Night,” whose first five schlocky minutes are eclipsed by the song's sax-besotted, 90-second coda. (Bill Medley of the Righteous Brothers accepted Joel's compliment by recording a cover of “Until the Night” in 1980, one year after Czech chanteuse Helena Vondráčková did a note-for-note homage in German.)
The NFL's annual quarterback musical chairs game is taking a little longer than usual this year. Career-long rental QBs Ryan Fitzpatrick (free agent) and Brian Hoyer (made expendable in Houston) are there to be had. So are once beloved but now questioned athletic gems Robert Griffin and, for all intents and purposes, Colin Kaepernick.
Quarterback musical chairs is not a game you want to be part of. If you're a QB in it, chances are you're a lower-tier starter at best. If you're a team in it, you're hurting. Or you're just waiting for the draft. That's not necessarily a bad thing; there's a reason you always hear about smart teams building through the draft. But this year that looks like a viable plan only for the clubs that get Carson Wentz and Jared Goff. The rest of the rookie quarterback crop falls under the categories “project” or “gamble.”
Failure to land Wentz or Goff shouldn't render your season a lost cause. In fact, some of the teams on this list are still playoff contenders, including the defending champion Broncos, or have unquestioned starters, though those starters have something to prove in 2016. So let's dive into it. Here are the 10 most unsettled quarterback situations in the NFL, and suggestions for what those teams should do. (Sorry Bleacher Report lovers, but this list is purely analytical and is therefore in no particular order.)
Dallas Cowboys
Yes, they have four-time Pro Bowler Tony Romo. But they also have a 35-year-old with recent back and collarbone troubles. Even if Romo stays healthy in 2016 and can lead the still-talented Cowboys back to at least the cusp of an NFC Championship appearance, Jerry Jones and the Cowboys brass will face the questions they're facing now all over again in 2017. Which is why they should use the No. 4 pick on Wentz or Goff if possible. Yes, drafting a quarterback that high can be a difficult move for a team built to win now. But making such a move could mean you're built to win for at least the next half-dozen years. (Ask the Packers.) And, if it's not as if it compromises your competitiveness in 2016.
• THE FALL OF JOHNNY FOOTBALL: The inside story of how Johnny Manziel went so wrong for the Browns
Los Angeles Rams
They don't like Nick Foles. Case Keenum could not grab firm hold of the job last year. And we've heard almost nothing about 2015 third-round pick Sean Mannion. Eek. Making matters worse: The Rams don't pick until 15 in the draft. On the bright side, this is one of the few offenses in football that's built to proceed with a caretaker under center. The Rams' M.O. is to feed star second-year back Todd Gurley behind a meaty O-line. Of course, part of the reason they play this way is things are as dire at wide receiver as they are under center.
Los Angeles's defense is not as dynamic as St. Louis's defense was a year ago. The Rams will have to score more points in 2016. It might be worth taking a flyer on Hoyer just because in them you get an experienced signal-caller who, if the play design is agreeable, is willing to attack at the intermediate levels. Fitzpatrick is the same way except with a little too much of that willingness. That's why, in a true ball controlling run-first offense, he's not a great fit.
• WHAT'S NEXT FOR KAEPERNICK AND RG3: Can the two once-promising QBs salvage their careers?
What the Rams shouldn't do is sign Robert Griffin in hopes of forming a read-option attack with Gurley. Griffin is too fragile for that, and their limitations as a passer are too deeply entrenched. (The Rams seem to agree; if they really wanted RG3, they would have gotten them by now.) If the Rams want to take a chance on a mobile quarterback, it'd make more sense to pursue Kaepernick. They too have drawbacks, but in a tightly managed, downfield play-action based attack (which interim-turned-fulltime offensive coordinator Rob Boras will likely run), he's more salvageable than Griffin.
San Francisco 49ers
Bay area native and Cal superstar Jared Goff can't go anywhere these days without hearing about the 49ers and their No. 7 overall pick. That makes perfect sense. New head coach Chip Kelly's scheme incorporates a lot of the spread principles that Goff learned in college. And, obviously, the Niners need a quarterback in the worst way. If they can't bring aboard an outsider, Kelly will probably settle on Blaine Gabbert. He's less mobile than Kaepernick but more inclined to play on time and from the pocket (where, granted, he's inconsistent at best). Remember, Kelly tapped Nick Foles over Michael Vick in 2013.
If the Niners can't snag local boy Goff, Kelly could stick with Gabbert (2). Michael Zagaris/San Francisco 49ers/Getty Images
New York Jets
It's hard to believe Fitzpatrick has not re-signed with New York—the player and organization are reported to be miles apart on money—because Fitzpatrick is clearly the best remaining option for the spread-based, multi-receiver passing attack that coordinator Chan Gailey employs. That approach, with how it necessitates the ball getting out quickly, is the best way to naturally curtail Fitzpatrick's bouts of recklessness. For the most part, Fitzpatrick, who played in the scheme under Gailey in Buffalo, was tamer in 2015. Unfortunately, they reverted to some of their bad habits in the crushing Week 17 loss to the Bills, which kept the 10-6 Jets out of the postseason. Maybe head coach Todd Bowles and GM Mike Maccagnan believe Fitzpatrick's true colors showed. But if the Jets don't re-sign him, what will they do? Griffin and Kaepernick don't have the pre-snap awareness to identify a spread scheme's quick-strike opportunities. Plugging in a chancy rookie doesn't make sense given the playoff-ready talent on defense and the stability throughout the rest of the offense. At this point, if the Jets don't re-sign Fitzpatrick and if they don't trade for someone we don't even realize is available, they'll take a step back in 2016. Fitzpatrick really benefited from the Jets' soft schedule—they only faced one top-10 defense (Houston), and they were poor in that game. He's 2-24 in their career when their defense gives up more than 20 points, worst in the NFL by a lot.
• JAMEIS WINSTON—WHAT I LEARNED: The Bucs rookie on the lessons from their NFL initiation
Cleveland Browns
Johnny Manziel and their litany of problems is gone, but the consequences of the (frankly, stupid) decision to draft them in the first round are still being felt. After saying goodbye to all of their biggest free agents, the Browns, on paper, are worse now than when they went 3-13 a year ago. Which is why it might behoove Carson Wentz or Jared Goff to do what John Elway did to the Colts or what Eli Manning did to the Chargers—repudiate the team that drafted them. True, Elway and Manning did that as the draft's first overall choice. Barring a trade up, Wentz or Goff would be doing it as the second choice. But so what? If you were a possible future franchise QB, wouldn't you exercise whatever power necessary to avoid getting stuck on such a historically cursed and capricious franchise, one starting all over, yet again, from scratch? The Browns are going to draft a quarterback at No. 2. May God have mercy on that young player's soul.
Minnesota Vikings
The Vikings' presence on this list seems ridiculous now because we're talking about a third-year quarterback on a team that should have won a home wild-card game last season. But we're also talking about a quarterback who does not attack the deep-intermediate levels through the air. In Norv Turner's system, that's a problem. Turner likes route concepts that stretch the field, particularly between the 20-yard-lines. In 2015 there were rumblings about the downside of Teddy Bridgewater's ultra-conservativeness in 2015 (even beyond Mike Wallace's grousing upon leaving Minnesota); expect those to become louder discussion points in 2016.
Bridgewater led the Vikes to the playoffs in their second season, but they have yet to develop into a dangerous downfield passer. Tom Lynn for Sports Illustrated/The MMQB
Denver Broncos
The last defending Super Bowl champion that made a quarterback change by choice was the 2001 Baltimore Ravens, who had one of the most dominant defenses of all time. The 2015 Broncos also had that, which is why the 2016 Broncos believe they can win it all again with a caretaker at the game's most important position.
• MARK SANCHEZ AND THE ART OF ‘GOOD ENOUGH': Why the veteran deserves a shot in Denver
So who is the safest quarterback to plug in? Mark Sanchez will certainly get a look. They haven't lasted as a starter because their pocket poise is mediocre and their arm is nothing special. But that's not as big a deal in Gary Kubiak's scheme, where zone-based play-action so often puts the passer on the move. The Broncos did not play this way much last season because Peyton Manning, like a roller chair on carpet, could move smoothly some of the time but not at all most of the time. With Sanchez, Kubiak could install more of their familiar moving pocket tactics—just as they did for the only mildly mobile, meekly armed Matt Schaub in Houston. Kubiak could also do this with Fitzpatrick or Hoyer. Some have speculated that the Broncos could be interested in doing it with Kaepernick. But you don't need a mobile quarterback in order to have a move-oriented passing game. And you still want a QB with pocket fundamentals because at least half of your dropbacks will require that.
Miami Dolphins
Some believe the Dolphins would like to move on from Ryan Tannehill right now if they could. More likely, they're indeed treating 2016 as a trial year for the former first-round pick. New coach Adam Gase has worked around flawed quarterbacks before (see Tebow, Tim) and, more recently, he's turned around a talented one (Jay Cutler). Gase favors a quicker dropback passing game and unbalanced formations—both tactics that simplify things for a QB. Tannehill has okay tools to build on; they move pretty well, the arm strength is there and, though not nearly often enough, so is the accuracy. Gase's arrival is the best thing that could have happened to Tannehill. That said, if the Dolphins are a game or two below .500 after Halloween and the offense has been up and down, Tannehill's thin ice could start to crack.
Tannehill could benefit from Adam Gase's tutelage. Mike Ehrmann/Getty Images
Buffalo Bills
The Bills were pleased with Tyrod Taylor's debut season as a starter. Taylor calmly oversaw the league's top-ranked rushing offense and kept their mistakes to a minimum. A few concerns remain, however. The 26-year-old is slight of frame, which is unsettling for a QB who has Taylor's mobility and courage. Also, he's a “see it” passer. That is to say, Taylor must see a receiver break open before they pull the trigger.  They are not an anticipator. That's not the worst thing, but you need to compensate with arm strength. Taylor throws a nice deep ball, but arm strength is measured by a ball's velocity, not its distance. Strong-armed throwers fit balls through tight windows. Taylor does not move the meter a great deal here. If they struggle in Year Two, the Bills will be in the market for a signal-caller next year.
• IS TYROD TAYLOR THE GUY? Jenny Vrentas on the Bills' long search for Jim Kelly's heir
Philadelphia Eagles
As John Madden likes to say: If you have two quarterbacks, you have none. Newly signed free agent Chase Daniel is 29. The last time a career-long backup QB blossomed into a quality first-time starter at that age? Rich Gannon for the Raiders in the early 2000s. Before that, Steve Young for the Niners in the mid-'90s (and that was a very unique circumstance). Maybe Sam Bradford (recently inked to a two-year extension at $18 million per year) will be better in 2016 and keep Daniel on the bench. It will depend on how disciplined Bradford can be operating in a well-designed offense that's full of defined reads. Nevertheless, we're talking about ifs and maybes here.
So what should the Eagles do? Stay on the course they've chosen and hope for the best. The best will be one of two extremes: either a surprisingly impressive showing by one of their guys, or a team-wide face-plant that can be chalked up as a post-Chip rebuilding year. That would leave the Eagles drafting near the top in 2017.
• Question or comment? Email us at talkback@themmqb.com.
Don't be an easy target, keep your coins safe.
WhalePanda Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 5, 2016
We've all heard stories about people losing (some of) their coins by having their exchange account hacked. I'm not a security expert, and I don't claim to be one. I do however see many people not taking their security very seriously.
Kraken wrote a blogpost about this a while ago… And even though there is a lot of information in it, for most of us it seems a bit over the top. Burner Phones, Google Voice (not available outside of US),… Yeah I don't use that or even have access to that.
I'm not saying you have to become a tinfoil hat guy, but there are some basics that can make everything a lot more secure.
Don't keep coins on an exchange that you don't actively trade.
I've heard this one so many times: “Oh you kept coins on an exchange and it got hacked? Well that's kind of your fault.” Wrong. If you actually trade those coins and you've used all of the security measures provided by the exchange, it's really not your fault. How are those people who say you shouldn't keep any coins on an exchange going to sell them/buy more? They need buy/sell orders, they need liquidity. Active traders provide liquidity and they are crucial.
Good practice here is to send your profits once every 2 week or once per month to a hardware wallet. If you make profit obviously… Many don't.
The Password
A password needs to be unique and complex. Please don't reuse passwords, many of us who aren't security experts have been doing that for years. Easy to have the same password for your Gmail, Twitter, Facebook,… Even though that's just bad practice it probably won't immediately make you lose a lot of money if those get hacked. If your exchange account gets hacked, it's so much worse.
Since no one can remember all those different complex passwords it's best to use a good password manager. I personally use Dashlane and am happy about it, I have some friends who use Lastpass and that works fine too. Dashlane offers the ability to generate complex passwords which can come in handy.
Obviously you do need to have a masterpassword for it. One that you save nowhere and don't write down. Best practice would be that it's a sentence (20+ characters) that you memorize and that only makes sense to you. Additionally you can add 2FA to Dashlane.
The Email
Don't use hotmail/outlook or Gmail for things that need to be secure and private like an exchange account. Just don't. I still use them… But only for personal things since everyone already has those addresses and now it's just annoying to switch. You know how you get ads in Gmail related to the subjects you've written or received mails about? How does that happen you think? Do you really trust Google or Microsoft with your emails?
Good options here are Protonmail and Hushmail. They both provide extra layers of security and don't forget to turn on your 2FA for this one as well.
Make sure that you need to confirm all your withdrawals from exchanges by email.
The 2FA
Don't use SMS for 2FA. That's the easiest one to “hack”. Instead use other 2FA tools like Authy. I‘ve been using it for a while now and it's really handy since it allows you to back everything up easily and it's easier when you switch phones. Make sure to use 2FA everywhere possible. On the exchange, on your email, on your password manager,…
The Hardware wallet
There are quite a few options for hardware wallets out there: Trezor, Ledgerwallet, keepkey,… I personally have 2 Trezors and will be looking to buy the new one when it's released. Trezor also started supporting some of the bigger altcoins like ZCash and additionally you can use it as a 2FA device which is a really cool feature. And of course the lovely Alena Vranova is my crypto-crush.
The Exchange
I personally don't trade on the smaller (read: scammier) crypto exchanges (and potentially easier target for hackers). The big ones have plenty of security options available, even though some might not always be visible. One option I try to use everywhere if it's available is the fixed withdrawal address. This option allows you to withdraw your coins to only 1 specific address. Ideally this address is of course a very secure one, like on a hardware wallet. If you try to change that address there is usually a period of time that all withdrawals are locked.
This option is for example also available on Poloniex if you do the enhanced verification (which means >$25,000 limit) with a Skype interview with a compliance officer. Even though it's not visible (yet) on the website itself.
Conclusion
If you stick with these security measures you're pretty safe. If you're an altcoin trader and keep local wallets, it's always best to run them in a VM. Other than that use common sense, don't get too relaxed. I've heard people say that setups like the one I described are “annoying because I can't execute a trade quickly”… Well it's a risk/reward thing, what's more important? Missing a trade or losing all your coins?
Story highlights While it has long been suspected that Canadian girls and women have been going abroad to undergo female genital mutilations, the reports show federal officials believe the practice is now occurring in Canada.
Practitioners of female genital mutilation are believed to be entering Canada to perform the illegal procedure on girls, according to intelligence reports distributed to frontline border officers.
The reports obtained by Global News show the Canada Border Services Agency has been on the alert for the arrival of travelling “PFGMs,” or practitioners of female genital mutilation, for more than a year.
Photos of the cutting tools, belts and “special herbs” practitioners might be carrying in their baggage when they arrive in the country have been circulated to border officers.
Once in Canada, the practitioners are typically called into homes to perform the procedures, the CBSA Intelligence Operations and Analysis Division wrote in a report titled, “Female Genital Mutilation Practitioners Entering Canada.”
READ MORE: 2 U.S. gynecologists suggest ‘compromise' when it comes to female genital mutilation
A second Intelligence Advisory told officers to “be aware of girls and women travelling to or returning from regions where they may be subjected to the practice.” An accompanying map highlighted countries in Africa and the Middle East.
While it has long been suspected that Canadian girls were being taken abroad to undergo female genital mutilations, the reports show that federal officials believe the practice is now occurring in Canada.
Female genital mutilation refers to “cutting of female genitalia and permanently mutilating the sexual organs of young females for non-medical reasons,” according to the Ontario Human Rights Commission.
Although it can cause chronic health problems and trauma, the procedure is used “to control female sexuality, ensure chastity until marriage and to render young women more desirable for marriage purposes,” the rights commission said on its website.
The practice has been illegal in Canada since 1997. There has never been a successful prosecution in this country but in the U.S., six people have been arrested since April for allegedly performing genital mutilations at a Detroit clinic.
In Australia last year, a former midwife, Kubra Magennis, 72, was convicted of performing genital mutilations on two girls, ages 6 and 11. Their mother was also found guilty as well as a religious cleric.
“Practitioners of Female Genital Mutilation are almost certainly entering Canada to engage in Female Genital Mutilation on both girls and women of primarily African and South-East Asian descent,” the CBSA wrote in one of the reports.
Disclosed under the Access to Information Act, the reports show that Canadian border officials have been told to treat those “committing, aiding and abetting” female genital mutilations as possible criminals. The reports were labelled as a “human trafficking” priority.
READ MORE: ‘Powerful' mannequin challenge highlights plight of female genital mutilation
“PFGMs enter Canada with the purpose of committing a crime (aggravated assault) but may not have the awareness or belief that they are doing so. Those aiding the PFGM may also be charged in accordance with the Criminal Code,” said one of the reports.
Tens of thousands of girls and women in U.S., United Kingdom and Australia have undergone the procedure or are at risk, the reports said. Officials don't yet know how widespread the problem is in Canada but one intelligence report said identifying practitioners at points of entry was “an important first step.”
“According to the Royal Canadian Mounted Police and Canadian health care providers, it is almost certain that FGM is also happening in Canada, despite the legislation against the practice in 1997,” it said.
“Canada has sizeable diaspora populations from Somalia, Ethiopia, Eritrea, Sudan and Nigeria, all countries where a high percentage of the female population is estimated to have experienced FGM.”
The report said PFGMs use razor blades, shards of glass, strips for binding legs as well as ash, oil and herbal mixtures. “These items may be present in the practitioner's baggage,” it said. The “patient” undergoing the procedure and family members may greet them at the airport, it added.
“In Canada, a PFGM is most likely to be called to the home of a woman to be re-infibulated post-partum (re-sewn) or of a girl to perform the initial FGM,” the report said.
Preventing female genital mutilations is difficult because the parents “may believe it is a good thing” for daughters and it is “not culturally acceptable” for girls to talk openly about it, another CBSA report said.
A report by the Canadian Women's Health Network said female genital mutilation was considered a form of child abuse and those at risk could be removed from their homes to prevent it from happening.
Stewart.Bell@GlobalNews.ca
This March sees the hotly anticipated release of 13 Reasons Why on Netflix, the high school drama series adapted from the novel by Jay Asher.
Advertisement
The 13-part series is exec produced by Selena Gomez and stars Dylan Minette and newcomer Katherine Langford. Find out everything you need to know about the new series here.
When is 13 Reasons Why coming to Netflix?
The series is available on Netflix NOW. In Britain, the series landed at 8am on Friday 31st March.
What do we need to know?
The series tells the story of teenager Clay Jensen, who returns home one day to find a box of cassette tapes on their doorstep, recorded by Hannah Baker – a girl in their class who had tragically committed suicide two weeks earlier.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTTqBhPcmzc?ecver=1
I'm watching already and want to talk about it.
Great! Check out our recaps for the first three episodes, and let us know your thoughts.
Is 13 Reasons Why based on a book?
Yes, the Netflix series is based on the bestselling 2007 novel of the same name by Jay Asher. However, the creators have said that the book will differ in certain respects, while remaining “faithful” to the original story.
“It's a tremendous responsibility,” said screenwriter and adaptor Brian Yorkey. “It's different from the book, it's not exactly the book, but it's faithful to the book in all the important ways, and it continues my love for the story of 13 Reasons Why.
“What we tried to do was to go deeper and broader in telling Clay's story, and really build out the relationship between Clay and Hannah, which is absolutely in the book,” Yorkey continued. “Having more real estate with 13 hours of television, we get to spend more time with it.”
Who's in the cast of 13 Reasons Why?
Newcomer Katherine Langford stars as Hannah Baker (below, right), the girl who leaves the mysterious box of tapes. Not only has the 20-year-old Austrialian actor never had a major TV role before – they hadn't even met their co-stars before filming for the series began.
https://media.immediate.co.uk/volatile/sites/3/2017/08/132027.cd6da5ce-e575-4e85-ba18-a833f143eb90.jpe
“We have this thing we do in Los Angeles that we call ‘chemistry reads', which we like to put these poor actors through,” Yorkey explained. “Hours and hours of reading opposite different actors. Prior to making this huge television series, our two lead actors had never been in a room together. But we adored them both so much, and we knew there was going to be chemistry, and we were right.”
Langford's co-star is Dylan Minnette (above, left), who plays teenage boy Clay Jensen.
Should fans of the book be worried by the 13 Reasons Why TV series?
As writer Brian Yorkey explains above, the series will differ from the book, but the aim is to remain faithful to the core story.
“Especially when you're adapting a well-loved piece of literature, you're contending with many many readers' visions of who should play these roles,” Yorkey added when discussing how Katherine Langford and Dylan Minnette were cast.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wyFjyQ7z33c?ecver=1
“The book takes place in one night,” explains star Minnette. “Clay listens to the tapes in one night. But in the show, Clay listens over the span of a few days, two weeks roughly.”
That, say the writers, allow them to tease out relationships and characters that are only hinted at in the novel – and, ultimately, face head on the reality of a young girl who tragically committed suicide.
“In telling a 13-episode television series about a young woman who commits suicide, are you in some way glamourising or championing what they did?” wondered writer Yorkey.
“We set about telling the story in such a way that we would understand both the tragedy and the senselessness of what they did. We could bring hopefully all viewers, but especially teen viewers and young adult viewers, into Hannah's story and help them to understand how there were ways that they could have survived what they were going through.
Advertisement
“There were ways that the people in their life could have behaved differently, even just a little bit differently, that might have drastically changed the outcome.”
With the craft beer, wine and spirit industries booming, auxiliary businesses are now popping up to support the effort.
Haviland Enterprises saw an opening and struck with its new division, Beer City Glass. The company sees itself as craft printers for the craft beverage industry, said John Bereza, Beer City Glass marketing manager.
“Haviland was already doing some of the screen-printing work,” Bereza said. “And we absorbed the screen printer that we worked with and they were already doing some of the growlers, so we rebranded as Beer City Glass and jumped on board with what they were already doing.”
Along with the rebranding, Beer City Glass also expanded its printing capabilities and product offerings, including colored growlers, handled 32 oz. howlers and plastic howlers.
“The new translucent-colored glass and plastic offerings give us a unique position, especially in the beer growler market,” Bereza said. “Our customers now have an opportunity to offer their patrons some really great new options.”
The company already has more than 40 clients, including Founders Brewing Co. and Brewery Vivant, but with recent law changes that client base has grown.
“It's perfect timing for us,” Bereza said. “With the new growler laws passed last week, it opens up to bars and restaurants.”
But the craft industry boom isn't just about beer, Bereza said. The movement also is growing in other sectors such as cider and liquors. Add the first sector of the movement — wine — and the craft alcohol industry is helping out many other industries from farming and transportation to screen-printing.
According to Jay Ross, the company's sales and design manager, screen-printing is well ahead of the curve.
“We help develop a quality brand name for craft brewers, wineries and national chains alike,” Ross said. “Applied labels do not even compare.”
Bereza cited Valentine Vodka in Detroit as one of the firm's major clients.
Beer City Glass also offers in-house design services for everything from the bottles to six pack carriers and brochures. The screen-printing process can be used on most containers in small and large quantities.
“The Michigan craft industry is booming,” Bereza said. “It gives people an opportunity to get out of the normal industries and allows them to create something they enjoy.
“We enjoy craft bottle printing, and we get excited about the empty containers.”
by Aravind S Kamal
Bangalore: With pressure mounting on Karnataka to hand over the probe into the mysterious death of IAS officer DK Ravi to the CBI, the state government is committing one blunder after another, leading to plenty of speculation over Chief Minister Siddaramaiah's actions. A number of actions by the state government and police, simply do not add up.
Firstly, within hours of the discovery of Ravi's body, Bengaluru City Police Commissioner MN Reddi declared it was a “suicide” (even before the body was taken to the mortuary for an autopsy)
secondly, the government announced that Ravi had allegedly committed suicide because of “personal reasons,” (again without recording the statement of their family members), which has been trashed by their parents, wife and father-in-law;
Thirdly, the government handed over the probe to the Crime Investigation Department (CID), but the same day, shockingly, it transferred CID Inspector General of Police Pronab Mohanty (segarded as one of the best officers in cracking such sensitive cases) out of the department.
The government justified the last decision as “routine”. It is a different subject that transfers of government officers belonging to important departments is a kind of “business” for politicians. But the untimely transfer of Mohanty from the CBI further clouds the issue.
What has been clear over the last few days, is that both Siddaramaiah and Home Minister KJ George are only inviting further trouble with their actions. In the last three days, agitations in the state have spread beyond locations where Ravi served, with people seeking a probe by the CBI.
But the moot question faced by everybody is – why is the government hesitating to hand over the case to the CBI when the popular opinion is in favor of it?
Home Minister George came into the limelight because of the business tie-up their family concern (Kelachandra Group) had with real estate developer Embassy Group (which was allegedly being probed by Ravi).
On Tuesday, with George facing the heat, they tried to distance themselves from the Embassy Group. The minister went on to claim that their family concern had tied up with Embassy Group for a particular project - Embassy Golf Links – in Bengaluru. It is to be seen how many other ministers make such voluntary disclosures regarding their business interests in realty firms, which were being probed by the officer.
The entry of CBI into Karnataka could make a macro level impact and not everybody will be comfortable answering questions from the sleuths from the central agency.
Representatives of every firm (real estate, sand business, film producers, theatre owners), probed by Ravi, will undoubtedly be summoned by the CBI for questioning as part of routine investigations. As we have seen in the past, the private sector is never at ease in facing investigation agencies. They do not want their image to be tarnished in public. A lot is at stake for all these companies, including politicians, who have invested in them.
The state government's actions give out the impression that there is a serious attempt to either cover up the case or derail a possible CBI investigation. Otherwise, the people of the state would not be up in arms against a party that came to power by enjoying the popular support of the masses just two years ago.
Given the speed at which Siddaramaiah became the chief minister, it is clear that the people had very high expectations from the Congress in Karnataka. But in the span of just one year, the Congress government is losing the faith of the people.
Karnataka is among the very few states in India where the CBI cannot take up a probe suo motu. The Karnataka government has to grant special permission to the CBI to probe cases in the state. Though Siddaramaiah appeared confident of handling the pressure being mounted by the Opposition parties, they suffered a major jolt when DK Ravi's parents staged a demonstration outside Vidhana Soudha seeking a CBI probe into their death.
Siddaramaiah now has no option other than to honour the people's opinion, moreover that of Ravi's family. If there is no hidden motive of protecting anybody in the case or concealing the truth and circumstances leading to the death of Ravi under mysterious circumstances, the state government should not waste time in handing over the case to the CBI.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Hey, everyone! It's patch day!
Version 1.1 is our first content patch since the full release of Starbound — we've added a fishing game, item collections, Novakid villages and more! Check the changelog below for a list of major/minor changes and bug fixes, and then go relocate some Fluffalo!
Rare fish can give valuable rewards, including reel and lure upgrades to enhance your fishing rod
Two tiers of fishing rods are now craftable from the Foraging Table and can be used to fish on ocean planets (including arctic, toxic and magma oceans)
New Collections interface tracks various kinds of collectables including captured pets, figurines, fish, cooking recipes, fossils, and bugs
Added the Relocator tool, which allows non-hostile creatures such as critters, fish, bugs, and farm animals to be moved
Added friendly Novakid villages including a variety of new Novakid-themed furniture and objects
Saloon furniture previously sold at Frogg Furnishings is now available in Novakid villages, and has been replaced with the Pastel set (which has its own unique tenant)
Novakids can now be generic tenants or guards
Added Novakid NPC dialogue
Implemented party chat and local (planet) chat
Acid rain now applies poison instead of direct damage
Console objects are now available as themed tenant rewards
Added option for “borderless window” style fullscreen mode
Improved sound effects for Staff abilities
Improved sound effects for several unique boss weapons
Adjusted which bugs appear in Midnight, Mutated and Giant Flower biomes
Shockhopper Mk I and Dreadwing now have a chance to drop their respective action figures
Mother Poptops on starter worlds now drop enough Core Fragments to complete the initial gate quest
Added chance for Snuffish to appear in ocean biomes
Kelp now unlocks the Rice Cake cooking recipe when picked up
Reduced moon threat level from 10 to 1
Fixed a bug causing merchants to offer material items for free (which made them impossible to purchase)
Fixed several armor descriptions that didn't fit within their tooltips
Fixed a bug causing fireworks to deal large amounts of damage
Fixed birds and other monsters spawning in the atmosphere and asteroid layers of moons
Made several NPC-like monsters uncapturable
Fixed monsters getting stuck outside arena in final arena side quest
Fixed friendly NPCs and monsters being damaged by environmental effects such as traps
Fixed a few edge cases in pathfinding
Fixed several items displaying erroneous recipe unlocks when obtained
Fixed a bug causing underwater audio filters to continue after quitting to title
Fixed several cases of incorrect cursors displaying over GUI elements
Fixed a bug in LoS calculation determining whether the player can reach objects
Fixed a bug causing Dreadwing's UFO to visually flip
Fixed a bug causing boats to oscillate at the surface of water
Fixed a bug causing physics AoE effects to move projectiles
Wire Mode overlay is now hidden on protected tiles
Art is in the brilliant video from ovaria; following are the independently verifiable facts that the “99%” are embezzled by the “1%” for over a trillion of our dollars every year.
How does the 1% do this?
They purchased corporate media to cover their assets, that's how.
This article shows how the Federal Reserve System causes the opposite of their stated goals. This is, obviously, criminal fraud. Upon your basic economics education, I invite you to embrace the power of calling what the 1% does as CRIMES. When the 99% recognize the 1% as CRIMINALS and demand arrests and prosecutions, we've won.
My Open proposal for US Revolution: end unlawful wars, parasitic economics is my strongest work to explain and document these CRIMES.
My Occupy This: US History exposes the 1%'s crimes then and now is my strongest work to explain and document that criminal Wars of Aggression and looting have been central in US policies for over 150 years. History's purpose is to recognize patterns of behavior in the present.
May 2012 be the best year yet for us all, and may that be ongoingly true each new year for all beings on this beautiful and so far dominated planet.
I admonish and invite the criminals among the 1% to reclaim their heart, their love, and stand with 100% of humanity, and 100% of themselves.
Choose a “Scrooge conversion” or suffer your chains:
“Scrooge was better than their word. They did it all, and infinitely more; and to Tiny Tim, who did not die, they were a second father. They became as good a friend, as good a master, and as good a man, as the good old city knew, or any other good old city, town, or borough, in the good old world. Some people laughed to see the alteration in him, but they let them laugh, and little heeded them; for they were wise enough to know that nothing ever happened on this globe, for good, at which some people did not have their fill of laughter in the outset; and knowing that such as these would be blind anyway, they thought it quite as well that they should wrinkle up their eyes in grins, as have the malady in less attractive forms. Their own heart laughed: and that was quite enough for him.”
There is now ongoing bounty to port btcd to Peercoin.
Since info on bounty is very scarce and lacks any specific information I will start this thread so we can compile list on what exactly needs to be done. My goal is to provide detailed job info to person who is going to accept this challenge.
Source of info:
https://blog.conformal.com/btcd-not-your-moms-bitcoin-daemon/
What is btcd?
Btcd is an alternative full-node implementation of the bitcoin protocol written in Go.
It properly downloads, validates, and serves the block chain using the exact rules (including bugs) for block acceptance as Bitcoin Core.
It also relays newly mined blocks, maintains a transaction pool, and relays individual transactions that have not yet made it into a block. It ensures all transactions admitted to the pool follow the rules required by the block chain and also includes the same checks which filter transactions based on miner requirements ("standard" transactions) as Bitcoin Core.
One key difference between btcd and Bitcoin Core is that[u] btcd does NOT include wallet functionality [/u]and this was a very intentional design decision.
So it is program compatible with Bitcoin network, specialized for running a node. Thus lacking wallet capability and using somewhat different API.
UPDATE:
OT developers confirmed that it is best to port btcd to peercoin in long term.
So, mably has forked btcd git repo:
[size=12pt]https://github.com/mably
[/size]
There is also a Peer4commit project that supports this repo: [size=12pt]http://peer4commit.com/projects/130[/size]
mably:
The man standing outside the Porta Santa Anna Gate of the Vatican wearing a blue Gap shirt and none-too-expertly pressed Muji trousers could easily pass as an academic, or the cultural correspondent of an obscure television channel.
In fact, they are neither of these things.  They are a man on a mission, a mission of the utmost delicacy.
Soon the man will pass beyond the gate and the Swiss guards with their navy blue uniforms with brown belts, white collars and black berets, designed by Commandant Jules Repond in 1914.
Under escort, they will be taken into the inner sanctum of the Vatican, through an enormous pair of brass doors upon which some of the gorier scenes of the Old Testament are picked out in bas-relief.
Passing through various security cordons, each one staffed by guards more suspicious than the last, they will mount a narrow winding staircase.
Up the staircase they go, past barred windows and tiny panelled chambers in which black-soutaned figures sit reading by the light of hushed lamps, to the very top of the 73m-tall tower.
This is the Tower of the Winds, built by Ottavinao Mascherino between 1578 and 1580, a place to which mere members of the public are never normally admitted.
Here in the Hall of the Meridian, a room covered in frescoes depicting the four winds, is a tiny hole high up in one of the walls.
At midday, the sun, shining through the hole, falls along a white marble line set into the floor. On either side of this meridian line are various astrological and astronomical symbols, once used to try to calculate the effect of the wind upon the stars.
But this is not the real reason why this man with the shabby trousers, the oddly distinguished-looking grey hair and the abundance of irrelevant detail has come to the Vatican.
No, the real reason for this lies elsewhere in the Tower of Winds, in rooms lined with miles and miles of dark wooden shelves – more than 50 miles of them in fact.
Here, bound in cream vellum, are thousands upon thousands of volumes, some more than a foot thick.
This is the Vatican secret archive, possibly the most mysterious collection of documents in the world.
Here you can find accounts of the trial of the Knights Templar held at Chinon in August 1308; a threatening note from 1246 in which Ghengis Khan's grandson demands that Pope Innocent IV travel to Asia to ‘pay service and homage; a letter from Lucretia Borgia to Pope Alexander VI; Papal Bulls excommunicating Martin Luther; correspondence between the Court of Henry VIII and Clement VII; and an exchange of letters between Michelangelo and Paul III.
There are also letters from Elizabeth I, Mary Queen of Scots, St Bernadette, Voltaire and Abraham Lincoln.
And here too – depending on how much faith you have in the novels of Dan Brown – lies proof that Jesus married Mary Magdalene and continued their own earthly line.
Once, Napoleon had the whole of the secret archive transported to Paris.
It was brought back, albeit with some key documents missing, in 1817 and has remained in the Vatican ever since – a constant source of myth and fascination.
But now the Vatican Secret Archive is secret no more.
This story begins two years ago when a Belgian publisher called Paul Van den Heuvel asked a friend of theirs who works in the Vatican if there was any hope of theirs being allowed to do a book about the secret archive.
This friend, says Van den Heuvel, is ‘very close' to the Pope.
As they admit, Van den Heuvel is not a particularly ecclesiastical man. He's not a particularly ecclesiastical publisher either.
An excitable, gap-toothed Belgian, their previous book was a lavishly illustrated coffee table volume on The Most Beautiful Wine Cellars in the World.
To their surprise they received word back that highly placed sources within the Vatican had been impressed with The Most Beautiful Wine Cellars in the World. As a result, they were told, their proposal might be given the go-ahead.
Just what the Vatican's motivation was is none too clear. Scholars have been allowed in the archive since 2003, so long as they know exactly which document they'd like a look at – browsing is not allowed.
Certainly, they haven't always looked kindly on book proposals about the secret archive.
Fifteen years ago, when a priest and former Vatican archivist called Filippo Tamburini published a book called Saints and Sinners about the clergy's indiscretions, the full weight of the Vatican's disapproval came down upon him.
They had, it was claimed, perpetrated ‘an abuse' that was ‘strongly deplored'. But largely as a result of the Vatican's intervention, Tamburini's book sold far more copies than it would otherwise have done.
According to Monsignor Sergio Pagano, Prefect of the Archivio Segreto Vaticano: ‘A lot of hypotheses and stories about the archive have been going around. We want to show it as it really is.'
For three days Van den Heuvel was given the run of the archive with no restrictions placed on what they could inspect or photograph – or so they claim.
In fact, this turns out not to be quite the case: there was one extremely big restriction in place. They aren't allowed to look at any documents that dated from after 1939.
The reason given was that these include Papal annulments of marriages of people who might still be alive.
It's at this point that the keen conspiracy theorist throws up their or their hands and exclaims ‘Ha!'.
What a coincidence that this should also cover the most sensitive periods in recent Vatican history: the Second World War and the continuing scandal of paedophile priests.
There may be something in this, of course.
Nine years ago, a joint plan by Jewish and Roman Catholic scholars ended amid acrimony with the Vatican refusing to allow the Jewish scholars further access to its archives – and the Jewish scholars protesting that the Vatican was plainly trying to cover something up.
This came after a report that said the documents examined ‘did not put to rest significant questions about the Holocaust'.
However, one should also remember that the Vatican has recently released a number of wartime documents, which, they say, help to prove that Pope Pius XII, far from being a Nazi-sympathising anti-Semite – as their detractors claim – was in fact working behind the scenes trying to help the Jews.
The present Pope, back in the days when they were plain Cardinal Ratzinger, authorised the opening of one section of the archive in 1998.
This dealt with the Spanish Inquisition. To great surprise in some quarters – and less surprise in others – these documents revealed that the Inquisition hadn't really been such a bloody business after all.
The Catholic Church had executed a mere one per cent of the alleged heretics they put on trial. As for the others, they had been dealt with by ‘non-church tribunals' – overenthusiastic freelancers.
A similar thing happened when a document about the Knights Templar was released three years ago.
According to the document, Pope Clement V was not the persecutor of the Templars as had previously been claimed. Far from it: they initially absolved the Templar leaders of heresy.
Only after he'd come under pressure from the French king, the far-from-appropriately-named Philip the Fair, did they reverse their decision. But even then, it seems, Clement's intention was to reform the Templars, not drive them from the face of the Earth.
By the end of their three days, Van den Heuvel had whittled their choice of documents down to 125. The oldest document in the archive dates from the end of the eighth century.
Among the more recent is a letter written by Pope Pius XI to Hitler in December 1934. However, anyone hopes for something bullish in tone will be looking in vain.
The letter – in response to an earlier letter from Hitler asking Pius to try to improve relations between Germany and the Vatican – addresses Hitler as ‘Illustro and honorabili viro Adolpho Hitler', which must have brought pleasure to the Führer.
However, as the text points out, the Pope markedly omits to offer Hitler their blessing at the end. Not exactly a brush-off, but a diplomatic snub just the same.
Here, too, is a letter written in 1530 by the Archbishop of Canterbury along with five other bishops and 22 mitred abbots to Clement VII complaining about the Pope's ‘excessive delay' in annulling Henry VIII's marriage to Catherine of Aragon (there was also, some time later, an excessive delay in finding the document; it was discovered under a chair, in 1926).
Any refusal by the Pope to issue an annulment, they intimate, would result in them taking extreme measures for the good of the kingdom; request denied, Henry formed the Church of England.
Among the seals with which the letter is festooned – plus the red ribbons that inspired the phrase ‘red tape' – is one belonging to Thomas Wolsey, ‘Cardinal and Archbishop of York'.
Fifty-six years later, Mary Queen of Scots wrote to Pope Sixtus V on the eve of their execution. Mary declares that they wish to die in the grace of God and regrets that they do not have recourse to the sacraments.
As the letter goes on, it becomes steadily more plaintive, more poignant. They beg the Pope to take care of their son, James, and concludes with a postscript in which they warn them that there may be traitors among their cardinals.
Voltaire's letter to Pope Benedict XIV, written in 1745, strikes a more sycophantic tone:
‘Allow me, Holy Father, to present my best wishes together with all of Christendom and to implore Heaven that Your Holiness might be most tardily received among those saints whose canonisations you have so laboriously and successfully investigated.'
Legend has always had it that an infuriated Napoleon snatched the crown from the hands of Pius VII and stuck it on their own head at their Coronation in December 1804.
In fact, as a document here makes plain, the Pope was eager to keep their own involvement in the whole affair to a minimum.
Napoleon, by contrast, didn't think anyone else was worthy of crowning them and was more than happy to do the job himself.
One of the archive's more fragile documents is a letter from a group of Christian Ojibwe American Indians, written on birch bark.
Dated ‘where there is much grass, in the month of the flowers' (in other words, Grassy Lake, Ontario, in May), the letter is addressed to Pope Leo, or ‘the Great Master of Prayer, they who holds the place of Jesus'.
If there is anything among the tomes about Jesus getting hitched to Mary Magdalene or about St Paul making up the Resurrection you won't find it here.
That, however, doesn't necessarily mean it isn't there. The truth is that no one really knows just what exactly is in the archive.
There are only 30 archivists – plus a small team charged with digitising their finds – and they have an awful lot of volumes to examine.
Three years ago, a Michelangelo drawing was found – ‘a partial plan for the radial column of the cupola dome of St Peter's Basilica'.
Hardly the most exciting Michelangelo ever unearthed, but a Michelangelo nonetheless.
Perhaps more interesting is the note in which the artist complains that their payment for work on the dome is three months overdue.
For the time being Van den Heuvel's The Vatican Secret Archives should keep the non-specialists satisfied.
Along with a main edition of 14,000, they are publishing 33 ‘unique collectors' editions' priced at just under £4,360 a throw – each ‘fully hand-bound in sheep parchment and hand-stitched with cotton thread'.
One of these unique collectors' editions is being reserved for the Pope himself.
Soon, it will no doubt occupy an honoured place on their Holiness's shelves – perhaps next to their copy of Great Wine Cellars of the World.
OTTAWA—Canadian Blood Services is legally allowed to ban men who have sex with men from donating blood, an Ontario court ruled in a decision that critics branded “disturbing.” In dismissing a constitutional challenge, an Ontario Superior Court judge ruled that Canadian Blood Services is not a government entity, so the Charter does not apply to its policies.
Graham Sher, Canadian Blood Services CEO, speaks at an Ottawa news conference Thursday after an Ontario court upheld the ban on men who have sex with men from giving blood. In dismissing a constitutional challenge, the court ruled that Canadian Blood Services is not a government entity, so the Charter does not apply to its policies. (Sept. 9, 2010) ( Adrian Wyld / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
In Canada, a man who has had sex with another man even once since 1977 is not eligible to donate blood. It is now generally understood that HIV entered the North American population in that year, the judge said in their decision. Helen Kennedy of Egale Canada, a gay rights group, said the decision itself discriminates against gay and bisexual men. “The negative consequences this ruling has on Charter rights are enormous,” they said in a statement.
Article Continued Below
Justice Catherine Aitken noted that they appreciate the sense of injustice gay and bisexual men feel about the policy and harkened back to the tainted blood crisis of the 1970s and 1980s. “Gays and bisexuals were themselves mowed down by AIDS, and their only connection with the blood supply system was through the selfless and humanitarian act of giving blood, or through being blood recipients themselves,” Aitken wrote. “The gay and bisexual communities experience the total ban on their being blood donors as a denial of one avenue to feel fully integrated in Canadian society through being good citizens and neighbours.” But Aitken added that the impact is not “in the same league” as a blood recipient being asked to accept lower safety standards. Blood recipients have compromised health and rely on the donated blood to keep them alive or stave off pain or disabling conditions, and yet they have no control over the safety of the blood they receive, they said.
“They are asked to and must take a leap of faith that the blood or blood products they receive are safe,” Aitken wrote. “It is no wonder that blood recipients share an anxiety, at times elevated to fear, of the pathogens to which they may become exposed through the blood or blood products they receive.”
Article Continued Below
Monique Doolittle-Romas, the executive director of the Canadian AIDS Society, called the ruling disappointing. “It was also disturbing that the court saw this as a contest between safety and gay rights.” For blood recipients, faith in the blood system was shattered by the tainted blood crisis and it has taken a long time to rebuild, said David Page, executive director of the Canadian Hemophilia Society. “A decision here in favour of a rights issue over safety would have been very, very badly received by recipient groups,” Page said. “It is the recipient of blood and blood products who bears 100 per cent of the risk and the donor actually bears none.” Canadian Blood Services said it is pleased the ruling recognized the validity of its screening processes. “It is important to understand, and as the judge affirmed, our donor selection policies have always been about protecting the safety of blood recipients,” said CEO Dr. Graham Sher. “This and all our policies are based on sound scientific evidence, sound facts about risks and are intended to reduce or pre-empt the introduction of risks to recipients of blood products.” Blood donation is a gift, a privilege and not a right, Sher said, and the judge found no Canadian has the right to insist on donating blood. Canadian Blood Services had sued Kyle Freeman, a gay man who lied when giving blood, and the court has now found them liable for $10,000 for negligent misrepresentation. They launched a counterclaim under the charter, but Aitken dismissed it because they found the charter did not apply. Even if the Charter did apply, Aitken wrote, the policy is not discriminatory because it is a fact that there is a “high relative prevalence” of HIV and other blood-borne sexually transmitted pathogens among men who have sex with men. The policy is not based on prejudice or stereotypes of gay and bisexual men, Aitken wrote.
WHEN the Meteors' Luke Harvey first met Sir Reggie Biddings at the Kooyong Hotel they had no idea they were a record breaking basketball star.
Biddings are famously known throughout the region for their carBq, which they had parked at the Kooyong when Harvey met them about four years ago.
Sir Reggie Biddings with their CarBq in Mackay. Lee Constable
They hit it off and connected through their love of basketball.
"I found out they played in the NBL for so many years and sat on the bench for the New York Knicks in the NBA,” Harvey said.
"When I first met them I thought they were mucking around.”
Biddings then got out photos of them playing and showed Harvey.
"He had a shed full of all different medals and trophies and stuff, it was all true,” they laughed.
The pair grew close over the years, so news of Biddings' death about three weeks ago shocked Harvey to the core.
"I never knew they were ever sick, no one really knew,” they said.
Harvey had just talked to Biddings over the phone that week, while they were in hospital in Mackay. Biddings told Harvey they felt fine and was just getting a few tests done.
About a week later, Sir Reggie Biddings died from stage four colon cancer. They were 59.
"It was a shock, not just to me but to everyone. Everyone loved him,” Harvey said.
A message from a friend offering condolences to Harvey was how they found out.
"It was 9.30 at night, I couldn't sleep,” Harvey said.
"It was so sudden, I didn't even think anything like that would happen.”
Biddings grew up in the beautiful Catskill Mountain in New York State. Reg found their calling with a ball in their hands and playing college basketball before being drafted in the NBA, playing in Europe and Australia.
Calling Australia home for 30 years, Reg not only had a successful basketball career, but owned clothing shops, marketing firms and nightclubs.
But to Harvey, Biddings was like a coach.
They said Biddings would always talk about scoring the most points in a game - 63 - whilst playing for the Forestville Eagles in 1981.
Reggie Biddings with the Mackay Meteors on Mad Monday a couple of years ago.
The record was broken three years later but still remains number two all-time and still holds the mark for 40-minute games.
The record was achieved before the three-point line was established and was 17 points better than any NBL player had ever recorded.
"He would talk about how they used to be so good at basketball they would always be making jokes with the opposition coach,” Harvey said.
"During games they would be telling the coach 'you're going to have to get someone else, this guy can't guard me' and how they used to go out after games.”
Harvey also recalled how Biddings got tired of sitting on the bench for the New York Knicks so packed up and came to play in Australia in the 1970s.
Reggie Biddings was a prolific scorer for Liberty High and later in the Australian NBL. Stuart Berg
"He reckons it was so hot when they got off the plane and they were surrounded by media,” Harvey said.
Biddings would always be tagging Harvey on Facebook in NBA videos.
"They would do reports and flashbacks and they would be in them so I would post it to their Facebook,” Harvey laughed.
Then there were the little side projects Biddings always had on the go.
"It was something different every week, they just had some cool ideas and would put them into action and think of them out of nowhere,” Harvey said.
One of them was their 'talking trash' basketball hoop system, which they built out of a wheelie bin for street basketball.
You would open up the lid, wind up the pole and you had a hoop.
Biddings built it back in the 80s and tried to sell it to Nike and Adidas but it never got off the ground.
Then Shark Tank wanted to get a hold of them but Biddings didn't want to go on TV.
Harvey said Biddings was an extreme down to earth person and they would miss their company most of all.
"I was so happy to meet him, he's just a true gentleman,” they said.
A Gofundme page has been set up to help Biddings' family at this difficult time.
Friends and family of Biddings packed into the Carrara Stadium Basketball Courts on Monday for Biddings' farewell service.
Watch these microbes hunt their prey with microscopic ‘Gatling guns'
Biologists sometimes use the phrase “arms race” to describe an evolutionary tug-of-war, but it's rarely this literal. Microbes called dinoflagellates (above) have developed intricate weapons—including a microscopic version of a Gatling gun—to harpoon their dinners, a new study shows. Scientists have known about these harpoons for decades, and some have guessed that the weapons stem from the same source as the ones wielded by jellyfish and other cnidarians. An analysis of the genes and proteins involved with weapon construction, however, shows that dinoflagellates and cnidarians use different proteins to manufacture their weapons—meaning they arrived at similar solutions through separate evolutionary paths, researchers report today in Science Advances . In fact, 3D scans of dinoflagellate harpoons reveal a level of complexity that far outstrips that jellyfish and their relatives. In one dinoflagellate species (Polykrikos lebouriae), a pointed projectile rips a hole through the weapon's capsule on its way out, and a tether keeps the harpooned prey close. Another (Nematodinium) sports a harpoon arranged like a Gatling gun that can shoot up to 15 projectiles. That's the first example of a multibarreled weapon in nature, an incredibly complex hunting tool for such a tiny organism. As their prey evolved better defenses, dinoflagellates seem to have responded by simply packing more and more firepower.
The Attack of The Arameans on The Patriarch Mor Ignatius Aphrem II
By Sabri Atman
When after a long illness, the Syriac Orthodox Patriarch Ignatius Zakka I died on March 21, 2014, the Holy Synod elected Mor Ignatius Aphrem II as Patriarch of the Syriac Orthodox Church of Antioch. This was during an uncertain and unstable period in our people's lives for several reasons. The civil war in Syria was costing the lives of hundreds of thousands and at the same time Iraqi Assyrians and other Christians were facing genocide, and once more fleeing ethnic cleansing. As a church leader, Mar Ignatius Aphrem II tried to be with their people during this painful and cruel time. They did not distinguish between Assyrians, despite their various nominations. Instead of being supportive and helpful during this horrific period, the World Council of Arameans (WCA) attacked them recently.
In order to understand the attack of the Arameans on the Patriarch Mor Ignatius Aphrem II, we need to put it in proper perspective. Assyrians have been oppressed for decades by the regimes in their own homeland, Mesopotamia. They have been through many persecutions, yet there is not a single country that recognizes their suffering, much less respect their human, ethnic, historical, political, cultural and linguistic rights. This has been going on for decades.
After their devastation, the Assyrians never received acknowledgment and reparation of their incalculable losses not only in human life, but the theft of their lands, homes, and destruction of their national homeland. Their ancient churches were their largest institutions, with 3 major dominations such as the Assyrian Church of the East, the Chaldean Church, the Syriac Orthodox Church and other Western derivatives. During the course of history, their church identity became much stronger than their national one largely due to the fact that in some countries they were allowed to be ‘Christian' to some extent, but not allowed to be ‘Assyrians' with full ethnic rights. They remained second-class citizens in their own ancient homeland.
Despite all this persecution and the splinter of their nation into various religious denominations, they still always referred to themselves (in their own mother tongue) as Suroye, Suraya, Atoraya, or Aşuraya. Fleeing the Middle East to Europe, America, Australia, and Canada, they finally started to breathe easier. In the Diaspora, they began to establish their associations, federations and other institutions. They were finally free to develop and rebuild their national Assyrian identity and to practice their cultural and linguistic rights in their respective adopted countries. The Assyrian National movement in the Diaspora started to raise awareness and focused on their Assyrian secular identity. However, a small fraction, (mainly from Turkey and Syria that belonged to Syriac Orthodox Church) started to claim their national identity as Aramean. It was a backlash to the Assyrian national movement. It is very hard to claim that the Aramean movement is a secular one. This movement was largely organized inside the Syriac Orthodox churches, and at the same time were using Assyrian people's fate for their own agenda as some Islamic organizations are doing in the Middle East. They want to control the church leaders. This is the main conflict they have with Mor Ignatius Aphrem II.
The Aramean movement is largely a counter-Assyrian national movement and the proof is in the following developments: Just after the Assyrian Magazine Hujada was established in Sweden, the Arameans started their own magazine, Bahro Suryoyo. Just after the Assyrian Federation was established, they started their own Aramean Federation. Just after Assyriska was established, they started their own soccer team. Just after establishing the Assyrian Genocide and Research Center they started their own Aramean Genocide and Research Center. The list is long as to the way in which they have tried to establish a separatist national movement, to counter the Assyrian one. They have built an Aramean identity based on hostilities towards the Assyrians, even at the expense of innocent Assyrians who have believed their false claims. They did a lot of damage at a very crucial time in our history, when our people, regardless of their church affiliation, should have united and worked together to aid our desperate people. They even damaged those Arameans who believed in unity regardless of the name issue. The people who believe in their Aramean identity and want our people to unite deserve respect.
On January 25, 2015, in an interview with Asharq Al- Awsat, Mor Ignatius Aphrem II, was asked about the existence of many names for one nation. Their response was, “These are different names of the same people who have been [living in the middle East] for thousands of years.”[1] However, the Aramean movement led by the World Council of Arameans (WCA) is not happy with this statement. According to them, Assyrians do not exist! I was personally attacked by one of their ideologues by the name of Prof. Dr. Muhammad Shamsaddin Megalommatis, some years ago. They said, “Sabri Atman: A man of standards and values or… a manipulator and abuser of the Aramean Physical Genocide to promote the immoral western criminal spiritual colonial and slavery product “Assyrians”.”[2] Who is Mr. Muhammad Shamsaddin Megalommatis to give themselves the permission to speak on behalf of all Assyrians, even those who identify with the Aramean name, much less insist that the Assyrians do not exist?
On December 1, 2014, in Switzerland, when our people were facing desperate conditions in the Middle East and elsewhere, Mor Ignatius Aphrem II was able to bring some of the political parties and organizations to work together for the sake of our suffering people. But WCA did not show any willingness to work with ‘others' because they are ‘Assyrians.' Mor Ignatius Aphrem II, delivered a message to all of our people, regardless of their name choice. They said, ‘The only flag that the Syriac Orthodox Church has is the cross, and the rest of the symbols should be removed from church buildings.' But Arameans, influenced by the leadership of WCA, did not show any respect to Mor Ignatius Aphrem II and the Synod. They wrote to the Patriarch several times with the desire to have a meeting with him. When they have disrespected the patriarch and the synod, what is the purpose of this meeting? The intentions of the WCA to meet with Patriarch Mor Ignatius is not clear. Are they seeking photo opportunities to post on their web site?
The Aramean movement under the leadership of WCA has attacked the Patriarchate for trying to open their own TV Channel, Suboro TV. The WCA is not pleased with this development because they want to monopolize the media. However, their hostilities towards the Assyrians will soon backfire on the WCA, and they will eventually lose the power they have in the community due to their divisive actions and attitudes. Furthermore, many members of this new movement and the WCA's leaders that work for others, not for our people's agenda, have declared their desire to change the Syriac Orthodox Church name to Aramean Church. This seems wishful thinking, if not completely futile.
Mor Ignatius Aphrem II recently wrote them a letter that was dated on August 2nd, 2017 and was posted in social media. In response to WCA's letter, the Patriarch wrote: “ You signed the letter as well as your emails on behalf of several organizations. We are wondering how many members of these organizations are aware of your correspondence. We are particularly interested in knowing the reasons for including church youth organizations such as SOKU and SAUF. Do you claim to speak on behalf of church organizations too?” Furthermore, the Patriarch wrote: “ Your April 11 letter was received 10 days after a Viber message from the President of WCA in which they crossed many lines and allowed themselves to accuse me and members of the Holy Synod of…….”.[3]
In conclusion, the Aramean movement under the WCA should take many lessons from this communication and learn to respect the Patriarch of the Syriac Orthodox Church, Mor Ignatius Aphrem II. They deserve everyone's respect when they tirelessly try to unite and aid our people that live under horrendous conditions, particularly in the Middle East. The Aramean World Council, WCA should stop serving agendas that seek to divide our people. They should know the name issue we have today is a result of several factors, and cannot be solved overnight. They should try to be helpful, instead of creating new problems with which to decimate us further.
[1] http://syriacpatriarchate.org/2015/01/syria-belongs-people-syriac-orthodox-patriarch/
[2] http://www.aramnahrin.org/English/Western_European_Colonialism_23_3_2009.htm
[3] To the President and members of the World Council of Arameans, No. EN 426/17, August 2nd, 2017
Formaltech, a Galois subsidiary, and Reed are excited to celebrate CyberChaff's first month of service at Reed. Formaltech's CyberChaff allows you to deploy low-cost, secure decoy hosts on a network. The hosts alert administrators when an attacker is detected while also slowing down key steps in the attacker's workflow. In March, Galois and Formaltech engineers installed CyberChaff on a core Reed network during Reed's Spring Break, and have been slowly expanding the CyberChaff presence since then. During this period, Reed has been able to use CyberChaff to detect and address anomalies on their network.
“We were very excited to work with Reed as an early test site.” said Adam Wick, inventor of CyberChaff. “They have an amazing IT staff with a very proactive approach to network security, and were able to provide us with a lot of great guidance before, during, and after the initial installation. That sort of insight is invaluable as we continue refining the CyberChaff product.”
CyberChaff works by utilizing Galois's HaLVM unikernel technology to produce hundreds of secure sensors on a network. Each sensor looks like a real device — such as a workstation, server, network appliance, or mobile device — and will respond appropriately to scanning tools. As a result, the network footprint appears much larger than it is in reality. CyberChaff hides the real machines amongst all the secure decoy hosts. During the scan, and should an attacker later target one of these nodes, CyberChaff sends alerts that administrators can use to track down adversaries on their network, and correct any flaws they find.
“CyberChaff is the best-of-breed in Deception Technology. It's small, secure, and provides a very sensitive sensor network without false positives,” said James Dirksen, CEO of Formaltech. “We're helping enterprises deal with internal threats without spending a lot of money on honeypots that need to be managed by expensive analysts. By collaborating with Reed College, we're partnering with a very forward-thinking networking and security team, and all of us are benefiting from the partnership.”
“From Reed College's perspective, collaborating on next-generation tools like CyberChaff enable a small institution to achieve a level of network security that would otherwise be too expensive and impractical to maintain,” said Martin Ringle, Chief Information Officer at Reed. “We are grateful to Galois and Formaltech for giving us this opportunity to contribute to the development of this important cybersecurity tool.”
Jacqueline Pitter, Reed's network security officer, agrees: “I initially heard about CyberChaff at a presentation to the NorthWest Academic Computing Consortium, and was impressed immediately with the capabilities it could provide for our network. We are excited to be a part of this project and look forward to its use elsewhere in higher education.”
To learn more about CyberChaff, please see Formaltech's CyberChaff product page.
STATEN ISLAND, N.Y. -- Now that spring is really here, Staten Island is out in force with an impressive variety of entertaining and fun events this weekend.
There's music, like the funkified sounds of Steely Dan at Snug Harbor; there's craft beer at the ballpark; there's art, from the pages of comic books to the walls of the Newhouse Center.
Above all, there's culture, like with Saturday's Cinco de Mayo Festival in Port Richmond's Faber Park. The borough's most culturally authentic fiesta takes place from 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday, May 2.
The free event will have entertainment from a DJ, many styles of live music, including mariachis, traditional folkloric dance, Mexican food, and free bouncy rides for the kids. The ninth annual festival is back in its original location of Faber Park after having to move last year while the park was undergoing renovations.
Save room: Americanized celebrations of Mexican food and drink will be all over the borough on Tuesday, May 5 (check out Pamela Silvestri's "Where to Eat, Drink & Be Mariachi Guide" here).
BEER IS IN THE AIR
Beer and chicken wings go together like birds of a feather. The fourth annual Staten Island Brewfest & Wing Showcase is this Saturday at the Richmond County Bank Ballpark in St. George. The new Buffalo wing component will feature guest restaurants.
Ballpark admission that day is $30 a guest ($40 the day of the event), which entitles a body to domestic beer tastes offered in a complimentary sampling glass. That general admission status allows revelers a pass at food and drink between 2 p.m. and 7 p.m. Designated drivers pay $22.60.
Upsells include an additional hour's worth of folly -- entry is granted to the Ballpark at 1 p.m. -- for VIP status that costs $85 in advance and $100 at the gate. VIP ticket holders have access to the "Ippolito Lounge" which serves Goose Island product plus free appetizers and finger foods prior to the start of general admission.
An S.I. Brewfest t-shirt is part of both general and VIP packages. And, revelers can buy "wing tickets" in 10-packs to be used at all food stations.
For more information on tickets available and participating breweries, check out Pamela Silvestri's preview of the event here.
COMIC BOOKS FOR EVERYONE
Saturday is "Free Comic Book Day" -- the joyous day of the year when participating comic book specialty shops across North America and around the world give away comic books to anyone who comes into their shops.
On Staten Island, kids and teens can visit the public libraries in Stapleton and Port Richmond to take part in the festivities. Check out Kathryn Carse's roundup of these library events, along with many other kid and teen-friendly events this weekend.
Or, check out Hypno-Tronic Comic Book Store on 156 Stuyvesant Place. They'll be participating in Free Comic Book during their open hours, 11 a.m. to 7 p.m.
Comic Book Jones on 2220 Forest Ave. will be open all day, from 10 a.m. to 9 p.m. with collections featured on its website and some visits from notable comic book illustrators like Evan Dorkan, Matt Minor and Rob Geronimo.
For those 21 and up, swing by JHU Comic Books on 299B New Dorp Ln. starting at 9 p.m. not only to celebrate the holiday, but to hear a special edition of the Super Live Adventure comedy podcast. Super Live Adventure is a weekly podcast recorded in front of a live audience and hosted by comedians John Szeluga, Chris Sorrentino and Bryan McGuckin.
The jokesters will be joined by Marvel Comics editor Jennifer Grunwald. Come to the comic book store for some free comics, then stick around after closing to be a part of the live audience. BYOB.
BREAKING DOWN THE FOURTH WALL -- IN MUSIC
At Saturday's Musical Chairs Chamber Ensemble performance, musicians will be featuring the commissioned world premiere of "Gemini" by composer Tina Kenny alongside an original film by local filmmaker Don Arangio.
The piece is unique in that the music was composed first and the film set to the score. In keeping with the "Beyond the Wall" theme of the Chairs' season, there are visual cues contained in the film for the audience to play along and be part of the music.
The event starts at 7:30 p.m. at the Staten Island Museum on 75 Stuyvesant Place with a chat between the composer and the filmmaker. The performance starts at 8 p.m. Tickets are $15 General, $12 SI Museum Members, $5 Students (22 and under with ID) Tickets are available at mcensemble.org or at the door (door is cash only)
For more information please contact: info@mcensemble.org or 718-907-3488
CONTEMPORARY MEETS CONFERENCE HOUSE
The Conference House Association has embarked on a program of events designed to speak to the needs of the community with a free art expo.
On Saturday from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m., there will be over 40 artists and craftsmen from Staten Island, Manhattan, Brooklyn and Toronto exhibiting their work in two large tents as well as in the Conference House itself.
"Imagine touring through this house, traveling through centuries and experiencing contemporary art in a new way!" said Deborah Woodbridge, Committee Chair of the ELEMENTS ART EXPO NYC.
An installation piece, taking up a room on the second floor, titled "Quills", by Nancy Quin and Woodbridge, will be on view for the Expo and continuing through Bird Fest which will be on May 16.
Resiliency and Elements, the sister show at the Lenape Gallery in the Conference House Park visitors center will be up. Outside, adjacent to the gallery, they will have the newly installed work by Doug Latourette, titled "Bird Rest Stop."
ANIMAL TALES FROM STATEN ISLAND
Staten Island Playwrights Collective is producing six one act plays, by Staten Island writers, that use the theme of animals, literally or figuratively.
Performances will be May 1 and 2 at 8 p.m. and May 3 at 7 p.m. at the Unitarian Church, 312 Fillmore St. Plays were selected by submissions from Staten Island writers and this is the fifth annual short play festival. Tickets are $15 General Admission and $12 Students/Seniors.
For more information on the plays, visit the event's Facebook page.
TAKE A WALK ON THE HARBOR SIDE
Thousands of New Yorkers will take to their feet this weekend to explore nooks and crannies of all the boroughs for the annual Jane's Walk.
Sponsored by the Municipal Arts Society, the 200-plus free guided outings include nine walks from St. George to Prince's Bay that will provide both insider and outsider perspectives on the borough's history, scenery and place in the Big Apple.
More of a "walking conversation" than a lecture, Jane's Walks were inspired by the late Jane Jacobs (1916-2006), a keen observer of how cities work or don't, who wrote "The Death and Life of Great American Cities." Nearly all of the Island walks are family and senior friendly.
For a list of all the Janes Walks on Staten Island, check out Kathryn Carse's feature here.
KENNETH IS 'LIVING' THE LIFE
Borough photographer Kenneth Paul Graham unveils their "bodyscaping" concept in their debut exhibit: "Living with Art" goes up at 1 p.m. Sunday, May 3, at Hub 17 in the SIABC Building, 73 wave St., Stapleton; SIABC.net.
"The concept behind the 'Living with Art' Photo Exhibit is based on my view of women as living works of art," Graham said. "One of the ways I chose to capture that is through Bodyscaping."
Images involve shadowy images of the female form and music by DeeJay Millz and Louie Lake. Prints will be available for purchase.
The event will be hosted by former Miss Richmond County, Sam Toscano and Claudia Russo formerly of The Drunken Monkey. There will be refreshments and dj music for entertainment. There will be a raffle of one of the works. This Hub 17 event is being sponsored by The Projectivity Movement. More information: 917-558-5271; kengraham@mac.com.
BURNT SUGAR GIVES STEELY DAN THE FUNK TREATMENT
At Saturday's concert at Snug Harbor, the classic rock sounds of Steely Dan will bring the familiarity. Burnt Sugar the Arkestra Chamber will bring the funk.
Jazz/funk/classical/rock orchestra, Burnt Sugar the Arkestra Chamber, will perform a tribute concert to the great American rock band, Steely Dan. The show starts at 7:30 p.m. in Snug Harbor's historic Music Hall. Admission is $25.
Grammy Award-Winning artist and Staten Island resident Vernon Reid of the group Living Colour will be guest conductor. Reid is a guitarist, songwriter, composer and bandleader, as well as the founder and songwriter for the rock band Living Colour.
For tickets and reservations for the concert, please visit www.snug-harbor.org, or call 718-425-3525 or go to www.brownpapertickets.com. Tickets can also be purchased at the door the day the event.
GREEN MARKET COMES TO ST. GEORGE
The St. George Greenmarket opens Saturday, May 2 from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m.
And, after lengthy discussions as to its potential new location, Grow NYC finally confirmed farmers will sell at the corner of St. Mark's Place and Hyatt Street -- it's usual home, as per the past few growing seasons.
Note: Initial greenmarkets typically are lean with few food vendors in attendance. That's because product comes to market as it is produced or grown. As spring and summer progress, more farmers will populate the space, which is situated in a parking lot behind the St. George Theatre.
Check out Pam Silvestri's write-up for more information on the vendors and food available at the Green Market.
HARBOR IN BLOOM
If April showers bring May Flowers, this weekend's Harbor in Bloom Festival at Snug Harbor Cultural Center & Botanical Garden should be a colorful one.
The Saturday and Sunday event free and takes place on the 83-acre Snug Harbor campus at 1000 Richmond Terrace from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. on Saturday and 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Sunday.
The festival will include an array of events and attractions, including live entertainment, a new art exhibition, a health and wellness center, plant and orchid sales, and tours of Snug Harbor's gardens and Heritage Farm.
This year's health and wellness component is new to the festival, as is the spring opening of a new FLUID exhibit at the Newhouse Center for Contemporary Art. The exhibition features the works of 22 artists who explore water as an integral part of our world. A public reception will be held from 12:00 PM to 4:00 PM on Saturday.
The health and wellness activities will take place on Saturday on the South Lawn. Activities will focus on mental, physical and spiritual well-being, with demonstrations of zumba, meditation and yoga. Festival participants will have the opportunity to be tested for blood pressure, glucose levels and diabetes.
Live entertainment on Saturday will include a number of Staten Island performers including rock & roots band Allergic to B's, folk/rock group Cadre, Joan Caddell and the Midnight Choir, Staten Island's original band and the Staten Island Conservatory of Music.
On both Saturday and Sunday, perennial and annual plants and seedlings will be available for sale at the Carl Grillo Glass House, and an orchid show and sale will be held in the lobby of Building P. From 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. on Saturday. Participants will be invited to visit the new herb spiral at the compost demonstration plot adjacent to Heritage Farm to learn about perennial herb companion planting and how to apply compost in their own gardens. Also on Saturday, 150 trees will be given away on a first-come-first-served basis. The tree giveaway, in cooperation of Million Trees NYC, will be from 1 to 3 p.m. at Cottage D.
CARMINA BURANA
Carl Orff's dramatic musical piece Carmina Burana has been excerpted everywhere from rap songs to commercials. But this weekend, the 20th century cantata will be heard in Snug Harbor's Music Hall. You'll recognize it when you hear it:
The Music Department of Wagner College opens its presentation of Carmina Burana at on Sunday at 4 p.m.
The college's faculty baritone, Anthony Turner, will be the show's principal soloist. Turner, a seasoned, expressive performer with international credentials, will be joined by soprano Adrienne Patino Dunn. Alan Dornak, Wagner voice instructor and Director of the Opera Workshop, will participate as the hapless swan. Dornak has also performed with the Metropolitan Opera.
The score's music will be performed by Wagner College Choir, several percussionists and two pianists, Ok Kyung Kang and Barbara Lee, under the direction of faculty member Roger Wesby.
The elite youth chorus, Young Voyces, conducted by Beth Johanning, also on the faculty of Wagner College, will open the concert with a brief performance.
Admission is $15 and Information and Reservations can be accessed at 718-390-3205.
Barack Obama said that immigrants to the US are being demonised in the same way as Irish people who arrived in America after the Famine.
In their first public speech since leaving office, the former US President said the Irish were treated like the “other” in the 19th century just like Muslims are today. Mr Obama drew parallels between the two periods in American history and that in both immigration policy was “‘driven by biases”.
On Monday Mr Obama held their first public engagement since leaving office, addressing a group of about 400 students and activists at the University of Chicago in their adopted hometown.
Addressing the issue of immigration, which has come to the fore as Donald Trump tries to introduce stricter controls, Mr Obama said: “I always used to say in crowds where folks didn't want to hear it, it's not like everyone in Ellis island had their papers straight.
“The truth is the history of our immigration system has always been a little bit haphazard, a little bit loose, a little bit determined by did the country want more workers, economic imperatives, sometimes it was driven by biases.
“If you look at what was said about (the) Irish when they were coming here in the wake of the potato famine they talked about them the same way you hear people talking about immigrants today.
“This is an example of where everybody is able to see the realities of immigrants as people, not as as some ‘other' is important”.
Some 1.5 million adults and children left Ireland between 1845 and 1855 bound for America due to the Famine. Those who survived the journey arrived in cities like Boston and New York where they were laughed at as they disembarked because of the state of their clothes. Irish immigrants were discriminated against because of their Catholic religion and were forced to take unsafe manual labour, often working on the docks.
Unlike previous presidents, Mr Obama and their family chose to stay living in Washington DC after their term ended while their younger daughter Sasha finishes high school.
While they are renting a nine-bedroom house in the exclusive suburb of Kalorama, around the corner from president Donald Trump's daughter Ivanka and their husband Jared Kushner, the Obamas have kept a low-profile in the capital.
This week marks their return to the public eye.
“What's been going on while I've been gone?” they smiled, as they took to the stage in Chicago. But their supporters may have been left disappointed by their decision not to directly mention Mr Trump during their appearance.
Instead of jumping back into the political fray, Mr Obama instead stressed the importance of civic engagement and public participation in politics. Noting that statistics show that people are less likely to be involved in their community than before, they said that “we've become a more individualistic society.”
“The single most important thing I can do is to help in any way I can to prepare the next generation of leadership to take up the baton,” they said.
The closest they came to criticizing their predecessor was during the question and answer session when they compared current prejudices towards immigrants as to how the Irish were perceived in the nineteenth century.
Almost every day, inspectors from the Benton-Franklin Health District fan across the Mid-Columbia to check on the sanitation practices of the Mid-Columbia's more than 1,000 licensed food service establishments.
The Tri-City Herald began publishing the results in early July, highlighting establishments that faced re-inspection and posting all reports. .
The reports have been popular with readers. Starting this week, the Herald and the health district are including brief notes highlighting the inspector's comments. The change is intended to help readers to better understand the often-complicated findings. The reports will also have a permanent home. Whenever possible, they will be published in the Monday edition of the paper.
All food service establishments are subject to inspection and are rated on a point system that is spelled out in Washington law, which in turn is based on the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's Model Food Code. The code guides everything from storage temperatures to how ingredients are positioned in coolers.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Tri-City Herald
Restaurants are commonly faulted in two areas — hand-washing sinks and food worker cards. Restaurants must have dedicated sinks for handwashing, stocked with soap and paper towels. The sinks may not be used for any other purpose. Restaurants must also have valid food worker cards for all employees within two weeks of their date of hire, no exceptions.
Red points reflect more concerning issues that require immediate inspection. An establishment receiving 25 or more points on a routine inspection is slated for re-inspection. Blue points indicate situations that need to be rectified, but not immediately, such as an uneven floor.
To view copies of the health department's reports for all establishments inspected, go to tricityherald.com.
Mi Lindo Nayarit, 1315 N. Fourth Ave., Pasco, routine inspection, Aug. 18 (40 Red, 0 Blue )
Notes: No active management on site to monitor food safety; not all workers have valid food worker cards.
Helados La Michoacana, 712 N. 20th Ave., Pasco, routine inspection, Aug. 17, 2016 (55 Red, 0 Blue)
Notes: No active management on site to ensure compliance; food workers did not have proper or correct answers to food safety questions; hand wash sink did not have paper towels.
Taqueria Los Volcanes, 3616 W. Court St., Pasco, routine inspection, Aug. 17, (55 Red, 5 Blue)
Notes: No active management on site to enforce food safety rules, cutting board present in hand wash sink, raw meat improperly stored near ready to eat foods including salsa.
Socorros Catering Mobile, 1206 Horne Road, Benton City, routine inspection, Aug. 18, (75 Red, 2 Blue). Aug. 19 Follow Up: No points.
Notes: Person in charge not following all food safety guidelines, observed flipping tortillas with bare hands, raw beef improperly stored above raw vegetables in refrigerator.
Col Solare Winery, 50207 Antinori Road, Benton City, routine inspection, Aug. 19, (45 Red, 0 Blue)
Notes: Two of five employees do not have a valid food worker card; meat held at unsafe temperatures on meat slicer and on platters on counter; improper vacuum packaging of cheese and meats without appropriate plan.
Tacos Garcia, 3680 Van Giesen St., West Richland, routine inspection, Aug. 16 (50 Red, 0 Blue)
Notes: Facility lacks managerial control, person in charge unable to locate food worker charges or produce a working digital thermometer. Hand-wash sink used for nonhand-washing purposes. Under counter/prep cooler not working.
Azteca, 2807 W. 10th Ave., Kennewick, routine inspection, Aug. 12 (40 Red, 0)
Notes: Worker observed making guacamole and handling produce with bare hands, dedicated hand wash sink used for other purposes, not all employees have valid food worker cards.
Burger King #4193, 7404 W. Canal Drive, Kennewick, follow up to July 15 inspection (25 Red)
Notes: Tray of sliced tomatoes in assembly area had no time sticker indicating discard period.
Red Bento Teriyaki, 1320 N. 20th Ave., Pasco, routine inspection, Aug. 9 (95 Red , 18 Blue). Follow-up inspection Aug. 10 (10 Red )
Notes: No active on site manager to control food risks; no food worker card copies on site for food workers; no working paper towel dispenser at hand wash sink; raw shell eggs stored above ready to eat foods, perishables including imitation crab meat stored at room temperature; improper temperature storage; inaccurate use of temperature and time control for food; no digital thermometer on site.
6 years ago
(CNN) - Texas Gov. Rick Perry drew parallels on Wednesday between the recent killing of a Texas district attorney and the security of their state's border with Mexico, though they provided no evidence to support the claim.
Perry, a candidate for the 2012 GOP presidential nomination, maintains the Obama administration has not put enough boots on the ground to secure the border.
Follow @politicalticker
Asked about theories that influential prison gang the Aryan Brotherhood of Texas was involved in that killing and another in January, Perry responded on Fox News, "I think it's obviously too early to be speculating on whether there is any direct contact but I think it's wise for us to not overlook any evidence that either may be superficial or otherwise.
"So they are here, they are active in this state. We know the drug cartels are very, very active in our country now," they continued.
Perry then said the issue "goes back ... to the whole issue of border security," specifically citing "the failure of the federal government to put the men and women, whether they are military or whether they are border patrol or whether they're working with the local law enforcement ... spend the dollars necessary to secure the border with Mexico."
The Southern Poverty Law Center, which monitors extremist groups, and the FBI say the brotherhood is a white supremacist criminal group whose activities involve murder, extortion and drug trafficking.
Perry said in the show that securing the border will "make sure that these individuals who are having rather free access at this particular point in time and whether it's taking money and guns into Mexico or drugs coming back and prostitution and sex trade back in to the United States."
"You secure the border and it makes it harder for these individuals to have access into this country as well as it addresses this issue that's hanging out on immigration," they said.
On Capitol Hill, lawmakers are currently negotiating a comprehensive immigration package.
Meanwhile in Kaufman County, Texas, authorities are investigating the March 30 killing of Mike and Cynthia McLelland, a district attorney and their wife, as well as any connections to the January 31 killing of prosecutor Mark Hasse.
The involvement of white supremacist groups are among many avenues the investigators are pursuing, according to reports.
"Unfortunately we live in a very dangerous world, whether it's in North Korea or whether it's right here in the state of Texas," Perry said.
- CNN's Gregory Wallace contributed to this report
Author, historian, and independent journalist Gwynne Dyer shared some radical ideas during an April 26 presentation to students and staff at Cardinal Newman Catholic Secondary School.
There was quite a bit of shuffling in the Newman auditorium. The restlessness of the crowd was not because Dyer's talk was boring. Rather, it was the topic that made the audience somewhat uncomfortable: change and the future.
Dyer, who was in the Hamilton area to deliver a lecture later that evening at Hamilton Central Library, reminded students to always be aware of what is going on in the world stage. They usually reside in London, England.
Speaking about Brexit, Great Britain's surprise exit from the European Union via a referendum that has been connected to Donald Trump's rise to power, Dyer said, “I realized I'd seen this movie already.”
Brett Davis/USA Today
It wasn't easy for the Detroit Pistons to get to a point where they felt waiving Josh Smith was the best course of action, but it happened nonetheless.
The physically talented forward has been a mercurial player for years, and their inability to listen to coaching and take the most beneficial shots for their team ultimately ended up dooming him.
At the time of their release, which was first reported by ESPN.com's Marc Stein, Smith was averaging 13.1 points, 7.2 rebounds and 4.7 assists per game. However, they were shooting only 39.1 percent from the field and, per Basketball-Reference.com, had a player-efficiency rating of just 14.3.
According to SlamOnline.com's Jake Fischer, the Pistons actively tried to trade Smith before letting them go:
And, as revealed by Adrian Wojnarowski of Yahoo! Sports, the Pistons had a chance to trade them to the Sacramento Kings for Carl Landry and Jason Thompson this summer but ultimately declined to pull the trigger:
Now the franchise is left taking a different route—the stretch provision. We'll allow Larry Coon, the writer of the terrific CBA FAQ, to explain what that means:
If the player is waived from September 1 to June 30, then the current season is paid per the normal payment schedule, and any remaining years are stretched over twice the number of years remaining plus one as described above. For example, if the player is waived on December 1 with two seasons remaining on their contract at $10.2 million and $10.5 million, respectively, then the current season (at $10.2 million) is paid normally, and the final season (at $10.5 million) is stretched over three years (one season times two, plus one) and paid in even amounts of $3.5 million per year.
Such a move is necessary not because Smith is a washed-up talent for whom teams didn't want to trade, but because their upside simply wasn't worth their gaudy contract. That was the primary hurdle that couldn't be overcome by any of the league's other 29 teams, as the risk of them remaining uncoachable and detrimental to the on-court efforts just wasn't worth the exorbitant albatross of a price tag.
Instead of paying out the remaining money the forward is owed, Stan Van Gundy and the rest of Detroit's front office will use that stretch provision to pay them $5.4 million per year and create plenty of cap space they wouldn't have otherwise enjoyed over the next two seasons.
Sure, Smith's deal is on the books for three extra seasons now, but when you factor in the expected rise of the cap that's coming in the wake of the new television pact, whether it's a massive jump or a more smoothed-out increase, the Pistons will actually have some spending power either way.
That's the primary motivation here.
The Pistons are essentially admitting they made a mistake in signing Smith to such a gaudy contract, but at least they're coming to terms with that in beneficial fashion. After all, this opens up plenty of opportunities for a team that is now firmly in a rebuilding process.
First come the finances.
With that additional flexibility on the ledgers, Van Gundy can go after players who are better fits for their system. It's important to remember that this is their first season in charge, and the current Dumpster fire in Motor City can't be blamed on him. They could only make limited moves, inherited a strange, ill-fitting roster and played out the opening quarter of the season without their primary acquisition (Jodie Meeks).
USA TODAY Sports
Now, Van Gundy can pursue bigger talents with that extra cap space. They can shape the Pistons in the image they think will work best, and we can get a more accurate picture of how talented they are in this front-office role.
Secondly, the team is actually going to move into more of a rebuilding mode right now, competing for better lottery odds while handing plenty of minutes to younger players without any fear of being unable to compete. Van Gundy themselves explained this in the official release after the news of the move broke:
Our team has not performed the way we had expected throughout the first third of the season and adjustments need to be made in terms of our focus and direction. We are shifting priorities to aggressively develop our younger players while also expanding the roles of other players in the current rotation to improve performance and build for our future. As we expand certain roles, others will be reduced. In fairness to Josh, being a highly versatile 10-year veteran in this league, we feel it's best to give them their freedom to move forward. We have full respect for Josh as a player and a person.
That means more time and opportunity for players like Jonas Jerebko and Tony Mitchell, as well as out-of-position chances for guys such as Kentavious Caldwell-Pope and Kyle Singler. Plus, we can't forget about the draft-day talents that the Pistons will likely acquire going forward.
Finally, this news affects Greg Monroe, who signed a qualifying offer with the team during the offseason and has never seemed as though he'll return once they play out their one-year obligation to Motor City.
"Greg Monroe's camp reportedly wanted Smith traded, but that was before Monroe signed the qualifying offer and appeared headed out of town as an unrestricted free agent next summer. Could this be a last-ditch grand gesture to persuade Monroe to stay?" Dan Feldman asks for NBC Sports.
"It seems desperate, but the 5-23 Pistons probably are."
Dan Lippitt/Getty Images
Even if Monroe leaves this offseason, as has been the widespread assumption for quite some time, this move won't backfire.
Smith wasn't adding anything positive to the Pistons, as they just didn't fit next to the crowded frontcourt and on a team that didn't space the court. In fact, the team has outscored opponents by 0.7 points per 100 possessions when they sit, per Basketball-Reference.com. When they play, the Pistons are the ones being outscored, and it comes at the rate of 11.6 points per 100 possessions.
At the moment, the Pistons are still committed to them financially, but the number is stretched out to become much more palatable, especially when the cap jumps and their remaining salary doesn't. That money can be used to sign new, better players, and incumbents can fill the current void to prove they belong.
Painful as it may be that this route was the best one for Detroit, it's still the correct, albeit unorthodox, decision.
The Mariners have inquired with the Reds about the availability of shortstop Zack Cozart, according to ESPN.com's Jayson Stark (via Twitter). Seattle does expect Ketel Marte back from the DL somewhat sooner than had initially been feared, they note, so it doesn't appear as if Seattle's need is all that great.
Of course, it's certainly arguable that the M's would be wise to pursue an improvement over Marte regardless, as they haven't been terribly productive. Though the youngster remains an important future piece, the veteran Cozart has been swinging a better stick and is a top-notch defender.
It's still unclear whether the Mariners will be willing to part with prospects in order to upgrade in 2016. The team is just two games over .500, and while it doesn't seem inclined to sell, it may also not go too far in the other direction.
Cozart is controllable for another year, though, so he'd at least have future function — though that'll also increase the asking price. Stark also suggests that the Mariners are still interested in Jay Bruce, another player with an added season of control, which is contrary to other recent reports.
National Fanthem designs represent original artistic expressions inspired by our love of various teams and sports, but (obviously) are not official team/league/school/organization/player merchandise or endorsed by any team or league or school or organization or player in any way. For official licensed merchandise consisting of actual logos and devoid of fans' perspective, editorial comment or artistic expression, please visit and support the registered websites of your favorite organizations.
Size: Small $21.95 Medium $21.95 Large $21.95 XL $21.95 2XL $22.95 3XL $25.00 4XL (MEN) $25.00 5XL (MEN) $25.00
(Sizing & More Info Found Here Cut: Man Woman Youth
Kyle Schwarber is the latest super-prospect to crack the Chicago Cubs' lineup, and he's brought their monstrous bat with him. Drafted in the first round in 2014, Kyle tore up the minors and jumped to The Show in their first full professional year after starring for three seasons at Indiana University.Schwarber boasts not only tremendous offensive skills, but a sweet nickname: The Thing! Like the bouldery brute of the Fantastic Four, Kyle sports a block head, bulky body, clobbers the ball with great strength and delivers heroic performances – move over Ben Grimm!We don't know if Kyle gained their baseball powers via cosmic rays, but we hope he'll be a North Side superhero for years to come – forget “Clobberin' time”, it's now “Homerin' time!” for the Schwarb! Show your fandom for this sweet-swinging rookie and their superhero doppleganger with this fun new shirt that depicts Kyle stylishly appointed in orange plating and blue pinstripes.Like all National Fanthem designs, this is not an official product of any player, league, franchise, freak or comic book empire -- it's just a fun piece of unique transformative art from our imagination; drawn by hand and rendered digitally as a lossless high-resolution vector graphic for optimal printing. It comes on 100% cotton preshrunk tees in sizes small through 5XL. ( Alternate brands/cuts/colors/sizes can be custom-printed for little additional cost ).
I say again!! The day has finally come when I can tell you all about it. Soul Calibur is BACK !! Click to expand...
Thanks for tons of comment !! OK next !!
I have something new to tweet about tomorrow night. so get ready!
(Not a footage. But important) Click to expand...
Sorry guys I'm so busy now.
However, I want to show you something within the course of a few days... Click to expand...
Looking and waiting for something special?
Make sure to continue following and tell your friends to stay tuned .... Click to expand...
- Patience finally pays off?Well I'm sure most of you were worried, as all the surprises we've seen so far have been Tekken related! But you were promised something spectacular, and now you finally get what you've been waiting for... Daishi Odashima , Lead designer for the Soulcalibur series has just opened up their own twitter!Odashima-san used to be a tournament player in Japan back in the Soulcalibur 1 days! Since he's the new director of all things Soulcalibur at Namco, and by their own admission, has the final say on their team; you should follow them on Twitter . Merry Christmas everyone? Katsuhiro Harada recently unveiled a new trailer and character for Tekken Tag Tournament 2. They also promise that more surprises are on the way:- from Katsuhiro Harada's twitter:- Namco-Bandai's Katsuhiro Harada has been having a lot of fun with their Twitter account lately; their community manager FilthieRich is no different:What could this cryptic message possibly mean? Well that I couldn't really tell you. All I can say is that Namco-Bandai is probably planning some big surprises for the holiday, and you should pay attention to the Twitter feeds. Just look at that face... you know he's up to no good!We'll do our best to keep you updated with any relevant information here on 8WayRun.
State energy officials Thursday gave their final approval for construction of a new natural gas power plant in Salem to replace a 63-year-old coal- and oil-fired facility scheduled for retirement this summer.
The approval came just two days after the New Jersey company building the plant agreed to reduce its greenhouse gas emissions annually to meet requirements of a state law aimed at combating climate change. Footprint Power LLC, the plant's developer, also agreed to shutter the facility by 2050.
The agreement resolved a court case filed by environmental advocates at the Conservation Law Foundation. They had challenged an earlier decision for the new plant, arguing that regulators failed to sufficiently weighed the facility's emissions in relation to the state's pollution reduction goals.
Advertisement
Richard K. Sullivan Jr., state secretary of energy and environmental affairs, lauded both the plant's final approval by the Energy Facilities Siting Board, which oversees the siting of power plants, and the earlier legal settlement.
Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day's most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
“This agreement is forward-thinking, as it not only ensures electricity reliability for the region, but requires [greenhouse gas] reductions,” Sullivan, who chairs the siting board, said in a statement.
Scott Silverstein, chief operating officer of Footprint Power, said they were “very pleased” with the unanimous vote by the siting board.
“This decision allows us to move forward with a project that will provide much-needed energy reliability as well as significant environmental benefits throughout the Commonwealth,” they said in an e-mailed statement.
Though the new plant will be cleaner-burning and smaller than the old facility — opening up acres of prime waterfront for redevelopment — it still has detractors.
Advertisement
About a dozen protesters with the Better Future Project, a local environmental nonprofit, attended the Thursday meeting, where they broke into a song calling on the state to stop using fusing fossil fuels in favor of renewables.
“We want no fossil fuels, we need no gas, build only the best for Salem, and ban the worst in Mass.,” the group sang.
Siting board member Ann Berwick, who also chairs the Department of Public Utilities, sympathized with protesters' climate concerns but said it was “fantasy” at this point to think renewable energy sources can meet all the state's electricity needs.
Previously, officials with regional grid operator ISO New England warned that Boston and communities in northeastern Massachusetts faced a potential electric capacity shortage that could cause rolling blackouts if another plant wasn't built to replace the retiring Salem Harbor Power Station.
Erin Ailworth can be reached at erin.ailworth@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @ailworth
Tomorrow night, a European spacecraft is scheduled to blast off from French Guiana on its maiden voyage to the international space station, giving NASA and the world a new way to reach the orbiting laboratory.
For NASA, however, the launch of the Jules Verne Automated Transfer Vehicle (ATV) also highlights a stark reality: In 2 1/2 years, just as the station gets fully assembled, the United States will no longer have any spacecraft of its own capable of carrying astronauts and cargo to the station, in which roughly $100 billion is being invested. The three space shuttles will be retired by then, because of their high cost and questionable safety, and NASA will have nothing ready to replace them until 2015 at the earliest.
For five years or more, the United States will be dependent on the technology of others to reach the station, which American taxpayers largely paid for. To complicate things further, the only nation now capable of flying humans to the station is Russia, giving it a strong bargaining position to decide what it wants to charge for the flights at a time when U.S.-Russian relations are becoming increasingly testy.
In addition, some fear the price will be paid not only in billions of dollars but also in lost American prestige and lost leverage on the Russians when it comes to issues such as aiding Iran with its nuclear program.
NASA Administrator Michael Griffin calls the situation their "greatest regret and greatest concern." For most of the five-year gap, they said, "we will be largely dependent on the Russians, and that is terrible place for the United States to be. I'm worried, and many others are worried."
Sen. Bill Nelson (D-Fla.), chairperson of the subcommittee that oversees NASA, went further. "This is a very serious betrayal of American interests," they said. "This will be the first time since Sputnik when the United States will not have a significant space superiority. I remain dumbfounded that we've allowed this serious threat to our national security to develop."
The White House, Congress and the space community have known for years that the gap was looming, but there were always other priorities.
Those most involved with the issue say that its seriousness will become more glaring this summer, when negotiations with Russia begin and Congress is likely to debate whether to grant a waiver to the law that prohibits certain kinds of commerce with nations that support the Iranian or North Korean nuclear program.
Griffin has testified that while the waiver is essential, it is "unseemly, simply unseemly, for the United States -- the world's leading power and leading space power -- to be reduced to purchasing services like this. It affects, in my view, how we are seen in the world, and not for the better."
NASA's budget calls for spending $2.6 billion for transportation to the space station between fiscal 2009 and 2013. As it stands now, much of that would go to the Russians.
With that prospect ahead, Griffin told Nelson's committee last week that they are working with the fledgling private rocket company SpaceX to speed its efforts to build a private spacecraft that can take over some of the work of ferrying astronauts into space. Both Nelson and Sen. David Vitter (R-La.) had recommended that NASA formally push ahead with that effort.
But SpaceX, while eager to do the work, has not successfully orbited even a cargo spacecraft, let alone one designed to the much higher standards needed for human flight. Nonetheless, SpaceX founder Elon Musk said in a telephone interview that their company might have a manned spacecraft capability by the end of 2011 if NASA exercises its option under a 2006 agreement to provide cargo service. With that go-ahead, SpaceX would put its manned rocket program into high gear, they said.
Hubble taking advantage of gravitational lensing. Image: NASA, ESA and the HST Frontier Fields team (STScI)
With over 25 years in orbit under its belt, the Hubble Space Telescope (HST) is positively elderly for a space observatory. But far from sinking into obsolescence, Hubble has continued to capture incredibly beautiful images of the universe, revealing new vistas at the edge of time and space.
Take, for instance, the most recent image series from the HST, which uncovered 250 previously undiscovered dwarf galaxies, which emerged about 600 to 900 million years after the Big Bang.
These are some of the faintest, earliest, and most distant galaxies ever imaged; so dim that they would never have been seen at all, were it not for the gravitational lensing effects of three galaxy clusters that magnified their ancient radiance.
Hundreds of dwarf galaxies. Image: NASA, ESA and the HST Frontier Fields team (STScI)
The new observations were made by an international team of astronomers, led by Hakim Atek of the Ecole Polytechnique Fédérale de Lausanne in Switzerland. In addition to providing some premium space porn, the researchers said that these images can shed light on the epoch of reionization, one of the most transformative shifts in the universe's history.
This epoch kicked off when the fog-like gas of the early universe began to clear, cooling and collapsing to form the first stars and galaxies. By about 700 million years after the Big Bang, space had evolved from being an opaque stew of high-energy particles to the mostly empty expanse, transparent to light, that we recognize today.
Another view from Hubble. Image: NASA, ESA and the HST Frontier Fields team (STScI)
According to Atek, dwarf galaxies were an instrumental factor in the epoch of reionization. "If we took into account only the contributions from bright and massive galaxies, we found that these were insufficient to reionize the universe," they said in a statement. "We also needed to add in the contribution of a more abundant population of faint dwarf galaxies."
In other words, the HST has outdone itself again, bringing the era of reionization into sharp and captivating focus. The Hubble may be an oldtimer, but its discoveries remain as fresh and exciting as ever.
Businesses that accept Bitcoin are blooming up everywhere. Sometimes it can irk me that some businesses accept Bitcoin but do nothing to promote it; however, this is not the case for the co-founders of the budding flower marketplace, BloomNation.com.
I spoke with two of the co-founders, Farbod Shoraka & David Daneshgar; unfortunately their other co-founder, Gregg Weisstein, was unable to join, but Farbod and David shared their inspiring mission to help small florists with me.
Farbod, David and Gregg met first-year student year in college over ten years ago. Farbod and David went to Berkeley together and Gregg was at UC Santa Barbara. After college, they all went their separate ways. Farbod went into Mergers & Acquisitions, David traveled playing professional poker, and Gregg went into consulting.
Years later they came back together and out of the frustration of sending their girlfriends and mothers flowers that weren't the quality they pictured, the idea of BloomNation was born.
Farbod then asked their Aunt, a florist, about why this happens, and there are two main reasons. One: the local florist doesn't develop a connection with the consumer since they never meet. Two: a lot of the time florists don't make any money on the deal since the brokers take such a large cut.
The three then went around Chicago and noticed that the local florists were also experiencing the same problem. So, they created a platform for local florists to sell their flowers, BloomNation.
Florists were happy to join BloomNation's platform, because they would receive 90% of the sale, get paid the same day and they got to develop relationships within the community.
You may think 10% is a large cut but about 30% of that goes to credit card and processing fees, the rest goes towards marketing the platform, maintaining it and other overhead costs.
Now in comes Bitcoin, the cost saver. David told me the decision was easy. David, being the former World Series of Poker champion, gave me a great analogy for the decision. David said that “business is about making quick decisions and out-thinking your opponents” just like poker. The “old school poker players fold if they don't have a decent hand, but if you want to win, you have to be innovative.”
BloomNation was willing to challenge the traditional business model and payment system. Startups are more willing to take risks in changing the game, they are quicker to adapt, while the large “old players” usually become complacent and fall to the plight of their past success.
BloomNation isn't just accepting Bitcoin, they are also doing their part in promoting it, going above the standard blog and Reddit post. “Now accepting Bitcoin” is one of the first things you see on the site and Farbod went on Fox News and Bloomberg to share the business' decision to accept it.
Farbod mentioned the lower risk profile of bitcoin transactions and that bitcoin transactions were significantly more secure compared to fraudulent credit card purchases across the web; it wasn't a hard choice. Not only that, but since accepting bitcoin, BloomNation's business has increased steadily and everyday bitcoin transactions relative to all purchases is growing faster.
You may think, like I did, that the decision to accept Bitcoin may have stemmed with BloomNation's notable venture capital investors from Andreesson Horowitz, but it came a lot earlier than that. The three were introduced to Bitcoin when they were in the business incubation stage. They had spoken to someone from a Bitcoin startup in the incubator and became fascinated with the technology.
Since accepting bitcoin in January, the decision has proven successful. Not only are purchases in bitcoin on the rise, but customers using bitcoin spend on average 50% more than credit card users. As you would guess men tend to buy more flowers, but women spend more on their purchases because they view flowers as a reflection of themselves. Accepting bitcoin, which is mostly held by men, has helped even out the disparity.
For the florists to accept Bitcoin individually it would take a lot of effort, but because of BloomNation, these florists can join the tech-savvy. All this has helped the nearly 2,000 local florists on the platform, some of which were on the verge of closing doors and are now hiring more people. The co-founders told me this is what makes them the happiest.
The company has also introduced BloomSnap to make sure your beloved doesn't receive wilted flowers. BloomSnap lets the florist send the purchaser a picture of the flowers and/or card to make sure everything is how you pictured. The photos open up a dialogue between the florist and the buyer that wasn't there before BloomSnap and eliminates the wilted flower problem.
Bitcoin can't buy love, but it certainly can buy your love flowers and help small businesses in the process, thanks to BloomNation.com.
Conservative radio talk show host Michael Savage is quoted by Newsmax (May 12) as calling on Pope Francis to begin the “legitimate” redistribution of wealth by monetizing the wealth of the Vatican and distributing the proceeds to the poor.
This rant was in response to the pope's recent speech to the U.N. secretary-general and officials urging them to promote a “worldwide ethical mobilization” of solidarity with the world's poor. The pope said that the U.N. should seek the “legitimate redistribution of economic benefits by the state, as well as indispensable cooperation between the private sector and civil society” in order to achieve a more equitable distribution of wealth.
Savage then went on to describe U.S. taxation in relation to the poor as more than adequate, and called the pope “Karl Marx in a papal outfit.”
It seems there are two responses to Savage. First, they have a valid point about the Vatican setting the example of giving of its wealth to the poor. In modern parlance, it is important for those who talk the talk to also walk the walk. The fact is that the Vatican sits on untold wealth in the form of its priceless art and artifacts. No effort has ever been made to convert these treasures into currency. The basic reason is that no pope has ever felt free to disperse this wealth, which has been accumulating for 2,000 years. It has always been looked upon as sacred objects of past devotion by the donors.
This position should be reviewed for the purpose of setting rules that would allow the sale of at least some of the Vatican's treasures. Many of these pieces are in storage, and have not been seen by anybody for centuries, if ever. It would seem that the greater good would be served by the sale of these items to care for the poor. Pope Francis, who has foregone the luxurious papal apartment for a simple monk's cell, would seem to be disposed toward such a policy.
Michael Savage has a valid point in this regard.
The second consideration of Savage's comments concerns the context from which Pope Francis speaks.  They are from Argentina, not Palm Springs. The poor they are talking about are in the barrios of Latin America, the slums of Africa, the shantytowns of India and the Far East, and the refugee camps in the Middle East. These people live in conditions that are unimaginable to most Americans. Francis is a man of these poor, not the American poor, many of whom live in circumstances that would be considered as middle class or better in Third World countries. These are people who face starvation every day, water laden with disease, shelter that may blow away in the next storm, and clothes that are rags.
No thoughtful person could argue that there should not be social norms and economic systems that alleviate the life-threatening conditions faced by the poor. Much of this discrepancy results from corruption or age-old class distinctions, if not by wars or famines. No workable means of dealing with these challenges has ever been found. Revolutions and civil wars have been tried, but the outcomes usually result in changes only at the top of the society and the poor experience little relief. The only option at this time that seems to be available is an appeal to a higher ethical standard for the “haves” in relation to the “have-nots.” This is what Francis did in their speech to the U.N. leaders, and indeed in their encyclical “Evangelii Gaudium” (“The Joy of the Gospel”) and in other forums.
Americans understandably read these words in the context of liberal U.S. politicians' call for higher taxes and more entitlements. Many Americans have suggested the pope consider how Western democracies will interpret their words, but to no effect as yet.
There is, however, a deeper problem. Words like “democracy,” “capitalism,” “democratic republic,” and “rule of law” have been used and abused by dictators all over the Third World to justify their tyrannical regimes. Notable examples are the Perons and their successors in Argentina, the pope's homeland. This fact legitimizes their use and understanding of these words, though significantly different from ours.
These observations cannot be concluded without mention of the American alternative — democratic capitalism. This is a system that can provide an answer to the need for an intellectual response to the plight of the poor. The history of the last 20 years has proven, however, that this system cannot be successfully imposed on a society from the top down. Egypt is the latest example: A democratic election placed the tyrannical Muslim Brotherhood in charge of the government.
Since the American system is based on the consent of its citizens, it cannot flourish without a strong consensus in favor of its values. It is this consensus that is lacking in many developing countries. China represents a different paradigm of social change. Even though the governing class of China is decidedly communist, the vast population is adopting more and more capitalistic practices. Other Asian countries are adapting in a similar way, although not all under communism. Whatever the paradigm, the ruling class must provide for enough individual freedom to allow capitalism to grow.
The bottom line in listening to Pope Francis is to hear to the message and not get caught up in the language. Their message is simple: We must help the destitute of the world.
Battery Fan Cleaning
30 minutes, $60
**Now added to our recommended scheduled maintenance
2004-2009 Prius, every 60k miles
The second generation Prius, model years 2004-2009, does not have a filter for the battery cooling fan, and this is a problem. Instead the fan itself becomes the filter, located upstream of the battery, collecting particulates over time. Because it is not a service item (i.e. never checked) the fan eventually clogs. This causes battery overheating and premature failure. Common on taxi cabs, which are running 24/7 in harsh conditions with lots of backseat passengers (where the fan intake is located), the HV battery typically dies by 150,000 miles.
As with all our taxi experience, these problems are now showing up on Prius in regular use. We have seen one fan clog (setting a battery overheating code P0A82, with temps up to 130 degrees) in a car that regularly transports two big Bernese Mountain Dogs. The trouble code set at 120,000 miles. The battery is still in use. We recently had our very first HV Battery failure in a second gen Prius, model year 2005, at 152,000 miles. I suspected a clogged fan (since we have seen many second generation Prius go much farther than 150k with no battery issues whatsoever); upon inspection it turned out to be clear.
Nevertheless these two events spawned a shop conscience on battery fan cleaning, since the fan is the only service item that can affect pack life. After speaking with other Prius techs in the field, and based on our experience with taxis, a 60,000 mile intervals was chosen. We are therefore changing our “Every 30k Mile Service” to a 30/90k, and combining battery fan cleaning with the regular 30k to make a 60/120k Mile Service.
We can obviously clean the fan at any time, as an “a la carte” service, for $60.
Likewise this service item increases the 30k mile service by $60, from $287 to $347.
To book an appointment or for questions, click here for the contact page.
Any references to pricing of parts, labor, or estimates of any kind were accurate at time of publication. Please contact us for updated pricing.
The opinions expressed by columnists are their own and do not represent the views of Townhall.com.
On Wednesday, the Senate Judiciary committee held a significant hearing on the proposed $84 billion merger between AT&T and Time Warner, which owns CNN.
AT&T's CEO Randall Stephenson testified, and faced tough questions from senators who seemed to understand allowing this merger will have important implications for a free press and American democracy for many years to come.
During the recent election candidate Trump said, "AT&T is buying Time Warner, and thus CNN, a deal we will not approve in my administration because it's too much concentration of power in the hands of too few."
Since then a number of press reports ---- no doubt pushed by AT&T ---- are suggesting President Trump will have a laissez faire approach and the deal will go through.
Knowing of the grassroots concerns that many conservative leaders share, I doubt President Trump or Congress will rubber stamp this deal.
Trump was right when they warned of the massive concentration of media power in a few hands.
Consider that today 90 percent of cable television networks are owned by just six companies: Time Warner (CNN), Viacom, CBS, ABC, Comcast (NBC) and 21st Century Fox.
Of these major conglomerates only Fox gives conservatives a fair shake. New, independent networks like Newsmax TV are on the rise, but the big media still controls, dangerously, the flow of information to the public. Trump was their most recent victim.
A combination of AT&T and Time Warner will be toxic, further constricting competition and press diversity.
AT&T is a giant media company which also owns DirecTV. They also were a major corporate backer of Hillary Clinton's presidential campaign. They strongly opposed Donald Trump's election.
Time Warner's CNN was nothing short of the "Clinton News Network" ---- a 24-hour propaganda machine spewing out anti-Trump and anti-Republican venom.
Right now AT&T has 26.3 million pay TV subscribers through DirecTV and ATT U-verse service ---- controlling about 25 percent of the U.S. cable market. They are the largest cable/satellite operator in the U.S. bar none.
By owning the largest chunk of cable home distribution, AT&T will obviously be in a position to favor their own channels like CNN, over other channels like Fox News, Newsmax and many others.
The ability for AT&T to discriminate against other cable networks that could compete against CNN or their other networks would be endless.
AT&T, which controls a huge percent of the mobile telephone market, could exempt its mobile customers from data usage charges if they stream CNN content, but streaming independent news networks like Newsmax might continue to count against high speed data caps.
Frankly, I am usually in favor of government keeping its hands-off business activities.
But there are exceptions.
When certain businesses act like monopolies or near monopolies, have unusual access to publicly-owned or controlled distribution systems, and get preferential access to broadcast/satellite airwaves, then government has a compelling need to insure that such media companies act in a fair way to insure competition and the diversity of public opinion.
We already know that vertical integration of cable operators undermines competition.
For example, when Comcast completed its merger of NBC back in 2011, it promised that it would not favor its own channels over other channels, agreeing to a condition that would have put the Bloomberg financial news channel on equal footing with CNBC across its distribution platform.
It is well known that Comcast never honored the condition. For this and other reasons, Comcast's recent effort to merge with Time Warner was rejected.
AT&T has not demonstrated, in my opinion, a real desire to support the public's interest in the areas of competition, diversity and fairness.
Recently the Department of Justice sued AT&T and its subsidiary DirecTV for price fixing and illegally colluding to harm consumers.
There are many reasons why the FCC and Congress needs to handle this merger with intense scrutiny and remember this is not a business decision, but a matter that affects our democratic institutions.
President-elect Trump knows this first hand.
We've just released a new patch for Heroes of the Storm in order to apply a few balance changes to the Nexus. Check out the full patch notes below.
Battlegrounds
Warhead Junction
Reduced Nuke inner damage bonus from 100 to 50%
Time at which Nukes upgrade their damage changed from 14 to 18 minutes
Developer Comments: This is a temporary solution to prevent the Nuke Core rushes at the 14-minute mark. In a coming patch, we'll likely be making further changes that makes Nukes gradually scale over time, so that they mirror the Core's scaling over time.
Heroes
Assassin
Valla
Abilities
Rain of Vengeance (R) Damage increased from 225 to 250
Talents
Level 1
Caltrops (E) Slow amount increased from 20 to 25% Caltrop damage increased from 45 to 60
Level 7
Death Dealer (E) Damage per Hatred stack increased from 12 to 14%
Level 16
Frost Shot (W) Slow duration reduced from 2 to 1.5 seconds
Return
Specialist
Nazeebo
Abilities
Gargantuan (R) Reduced Gargantuan Basic Attack damage from 195 to 176
Ravenous Spirit (R) Damage increased from 94 to 103
Corpse Spiders (Q) Cooldown reduced from 10 to 9 seconds
Talents
Level 7
Spirit of Arachyr (Q) Increased the number of additional spiders spawned from 1 to 2
Dead Rush (W) Reduced damage bonus from 100 to 75%
Level 16
Ring of Poison (W) Damage reduced by roughly 15%
Soul Harvest (Active) Increased bonus per enemy hit from 3 to 4%, and maximum from 15 to 20%
Level 20
Humongoid (R) Cooldown increased from 20 to 25 seconds
Developer Comments: Right now Zombie Wall Talents are providing more utility and damage than the alternatives, which isn't ideal. We're providing buffs to Corpse Spiders, while also nerfing Gargantuan. In general we expect Nazeebo's winrate to stay about the same (which is right in the middle), but increase the number of effective Talent options for different playstyles.
Return
Support
Malfurion
Abilities
Regrowth (Q) Mana cost increased from 35 to 40
Entangling Roots (E) Cooldown increased from 10 to 14 seconds Mana cost increased from 65 to 75 Initial delay increased from .25 to .3 seconds
Talents
Level 4
Rampant Growth (Q) Removed
Developer Comments: We are happy with how Malfurion is now played after their changes, but they have come out a little too strong. We believe that their role as a sustained healing support should still be a primary strength, but we want to limit just how long they can keep their team going if he's spamming their Regrowth on cooldown. We are also cutting Rampant Growth as it pushed Malfurion towards being a burst healer, which is against the role that they should be filling for their team. We also like that Entangling Roots allows Malfurion to make plays and initiate fights, but it's a little too good right now at securing kills. We're slightly increasing its initial delay to be between where it is now and where it used to be, which should give opponents more of a chance to dodge the root.
Return
Warrior
Chen
Stats
Base Maximum Health decreased from 2658 to 2550
Base Health Regen decreased from 5.54 to 5.31 per second
Abilities
Storm, Earth, Fire (R) Base Spirit Health reduced from 1994 to 1913 due to Chen's Maximum Health change
Talents
Level 7
Refreshing Elixir (Trait) Base healing effect increased from 20 to 30%
Level 13
Pressure Point (Q) Baseline slow amount reduced from 40 to 35% Bonus slow amount reduced from 80 to 70%
Level 20
Elemental Conduit (R) Base Spirit Health reduced from 2658 to 2550 due to Chen's Maximum Health change
Return
Talents
Level 1
Guitar Hero (E) Increased to heal amount from 30 to 35% auto-attack damage dealt
Level 7
Pinball Wizard (W) Increased bonus damage from 150 to 200%
Echo Pedal (Passive) Decreased pulse damage from 32 to 29
Level 13
Mic Check (W) Increased the cooldown reduction of Face Melt from 5 to 6 seconds
Return
Zarya
Stats
Basic Attack damage reduced from 24 to 21
Base Maximum Health reduced from 2336 to 2225
Base Health Regeneration reduced from 4.87 to 4.64
Talents
Level 1
Maximum Charge (Trait) Reduced the bonus Energy on quest completion from 25 to 20
Demolitions Expert (Q) Recharge rate reduction increased from .25 to .375, up to a total of 3 seconds
Level 4
Speed Barrier (E) Movement Speed increased from 25 to 35%
Developer Comments: We're reverting some of the previous Zarya buffs to bring their power level back to where we want. We're also nerfing the benefits of Maximum Charge, now that getting high Energy isn't as difficult as it was previously. We've also buffed Demolitions Expert and Speed Barrier, as they were substantially underperforming when compared to the other Talents on their tiers.
Return
Bug Fixes
General
Observer: Fixed an issue causing Forts and Keeps to count as Hero takedowns under certain circumstances in replays and observer mode.
Heroes and Talents
Nova: Fixed an issue causing Nova to retain Pinning Shot's fully stacked slow amount for the remainder of the match after choosing the Covert Ops talent.
The problem of scale and complexity creates new challenges for system designers and force us all to fundamentally innovate processes and paradigms for software creation. React and Flux are Facebook's response to their scaling problems and these technologies have opened up new avenues for all web programmers worldwide. React has become the buzzword as it provides a cool new framework to solve real world problems and if you are a web developer you must learn this amazing new technology.
This is where our Projects Using React JS and Flux course comes in. The course has been meticulously designed in a manner to help you understand the technology as well as have a little fun with them. Using 10 different projects, we will get you on board on how to use ReactJS and Flux to make your application unique, just like you!
Our tutorial has been designed to be fun, engaging and to also teach you how the technologies work. The course will break down the two different technologies, let you know how it works together and even how it can be used to create actual working applications.
In this course, you will build the following 10 projects:
Project 1 – Bootstrap React Components – This starter project will familiarize you on how you can create simple React components using the Bootstrap framework.
Project 2 – Github Profile Viewer – This project will show you how to create a UI using React and also how to fetch data from the Github API.
Project 3 – Quick Quiz – This course will get you started on how to design a simple quiz using ReactJS.
Project 4 – Movie Find – Learn how to use the OMDB API to fetch data and create a database for movies.
Project 5 – Contact List – Learn how to make a contact list using the Firebase database technology
Project 6 – Stickypad Notes – This project will teach you how to create a To-Do List that looks like a Sticky Note
Project 7 – InfoFinder Search Engine – Create a working search engine using the DuckDuckGo API.
Project 8 – Youtube Gallery – Learn how to make a video gallery that allows you to add YouTube videos using just the ID of the video.
Project 9 – Socket.io Chat – Create a functional chat application that allows you to add a username and send messages back and forth over web sockets.
Project 10 – Workout Logger – Learn how to create a local storage and make Workout Logger with a mobile friendly interface, which allows you to input your exercise data.
With so much packed in one course, what are you waiting for? Press that Enroll button and let's get started with learning and having some fun!
Take This Full Course
: Unusual Stories in Jewish History Jack Cooper Gefen , 2010 - 242 pages , 2010 - History 5 Reviews Did you know that the great Jewish sage and physician Maimonides practiced medicine while lying flat on their back? That a famous passage penned by George Washington was actually the work of a rabbi? That a Jewish athlete represented Nazi Germany in its infamous 1936 Olympic Games? That Yasser Arafat was made by the KGB? These and many more such intriguing stories make up Jack Cooper's fascinating collection of historical windows on the life of the Jews. Covering biblical times through to today, these unusual vignettes on the sidelines of history come together to form a story that is anything but a sideline, depicting a resourceful people who have survived and thrived despite the worst history has thrown at them. Whether you read it straight through, or pick out individual stories to read as the mood strikes, you're in for a captivating read!
Who was the first person to post Vega 3DMark results? A guy named #define from WCCFTech comment section.
AMD Radeon Vega Frontier pictured and tested
AMD made a mistake by not providing any sample to reviewers. As a result, the first benchmarks result are from a random user, who is not even familiar with Radeon Settings and doesn't even have proper PSU (550W) for Vega. However, that is what we have for now. I guess that's better than nothing. Here are the first photos of the retail sample, most likely purchased through ScanUK.
AMD Radeon Vega Frontier packaging:
AMD Radeon Pro settings (Vega in professional mode):
Testing platform used:
AMD Radeon Vega Frontier GPU-Z screenshot
Vega Frontier has a device ID of 6863. The GPU-Z 2.1.0 does not fully support Vega yet, hence the missing specs. According to GPUZ the memory is not made by Hynix or Samsung, the HBM2 in Vega is manufactured by Micron (but that's probably just a mistake).
AMD Radeon Vega Frontier 3DMark Fire Strike
If these values are correct, then we are looking at performance comparable to GeForce GTX 1080. Vega Frontier was running in ‘gaming mode'.
AMD Radeon Vega Frontier 3DMark Fire Strike Performance Graphics Card Core Clock Memory Clock 3DMark Fire Strike GPU Score MSI GTX 1080 TI Gaming X* 1924 MHz 1390 MHz 29425 MSI GTX 1080 Gaming X* 1924 MHz 1263 MHz 22585 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier #1* 1600 MHz 945 MHz 21202 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier #2* 1600 MHz 945 MHz 22916 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier #3* 1528 MHz 945 MHz 21421 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier #4* 1602 MHz 945 MHz 22986 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier #5* 1682 MHz 945 MHz 22304 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier #6* 1602 MHz 945 MHz 21818 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier #7* 1602 MHz 945 MHz 22654 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier #8* 1602 MHz 945 MHz 21292 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier #9* 1528 MHz 945 MHz 21056 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier #10* 1602 MHz 945 MHz 22088 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier #11* 1602 MHz 945 MHz 22035 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier #12* 1602 MHz 945 MHz 22963 COLORFUL GTX 1070 1797 MHz 2002 MHz 18561 * Gaming Mode
AMD Radeon Vega Frontier 3DMark Fire Strike Extreme Graphics Card Core Clock Memory Clock 3DMark Fire Strike GPU Score MSI GTX 1080 TI Gaming X* 1924 MHz 1390 MHz 14401 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier #1* 1602 MHz 945 MHz 10585 MSI GTX 1080 Gaming X* 1924 MHz 1263 MHz 10048 COLORFUL GTX 1070 1797 MHz 2002 MHz 8865 * Gaming Mode
AMD Radeon Vega Frontier 3DMark Fire Strike Ultra Graphics Card Core Clock Memory Clock 3DMark Fire Strike GPU Score MSI GTX 1080 TI Gaming X* 1924 MHz 1390 MHz 7160 MSI GTX 1080 Gaming X* 1924 MHz 1924 MHz 5431 AMD Radeon Vega Frontier #1* 1602 MHz 945 MHz 5336 COLORFUL GTX 1070 1797 MHz 2002 MHz 4421 * Gaming Mode
Result 1: 21202 GPU Score / Result 2: 22916 GPU Score
Result 3: 21421 GPU Score / Result 4: 22986 GPU Score
Result 5: 22304 GPU Score / Result 6: 21818 GPU Score
Fire Strike Extreme and Ultra:
All credits and a crate of virtual beer go to #define. You can find the thread and follow latest ‘developments' at WCCFTech.
Update: First unboxing video of Vega Frontier is out:
by WhyCry Tweet
Previous Post
AMD preparing Radeon Pro WX 9100 with Vega GPU Next Post
New Card Report #17: Mining Edition
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Last night was Dave Mustaine's night. It was the 59th annual GRAMMY Awards and Megadeth were nominated for "Best Metal Performance." Megadeth have been nominated for GRAMMYs twelve times, and up until last night, hadn't won the phonograph yet. Mustaine even joked that Megadeth was the Susan Lucci of the GRAMMYs. Lucci was a famous daytime soap opera star who was always nominated for an Emmy eighteen times and losing each time, until finally winning the nineteenth time.
Well, it only took Megadeth twelve tries, as they were announced as the winner of "Best Metal Performance" at the GRAMMYs pre-show. As they made their long walk down the aisle, the house band played a familiar tune. But it wasn't Megadeth, it was Metallica's "Master of Puppets."
Subscribe to Metal Injection on
Mustaine's history with Metallica is no secret, and while some fans couldn't help but laugh at the irony, Mustaine took it in stride even air-guitaring as they made their way to the stage.
Last night, as we announced the victory, we made note of the GRAMMY snafu, not the only metal snafu of the night.
On Twitter, a fan noted to Dave that the house band playing Metallica while Megadeth was about to accept their award was "a slap in the face."
Mustaine's response was pitch perfect. They quoted the tweet and said: "Ah, you can't blame 'em for not being able to play @Megadeth."
Ah, you can't blame 'em for not being able to play @Megadeth https://t.co/acEyzSQgyT — Dave Mustaine (@DaveMustaine) February 13, 2017
Damn, Dave. Now that's what I call a savage comeback. No word on the house band's training, but chances are they probably had no idea about the history behind the two bands and were going to play "Master of Puppets" regardless of who won the award.
Related Posts
This post was written by Nick Romano and originally appeared on EW.com.
It finally happened for Chrissy Teigen: As one of the more outspoken celebrities on social media when it comes to opposing Donald Trump, the model has now been blocked by the president on Twitter, according to a tweet they posted on Tuesday morning.
“After 9 years of hating Donald J Trump, telling them ‘lol no one likes you' was the straw,” they wrote.
Chrissy tweeted the “no one likes you” remark on Sunday in response to Trump saying, “It's very sad that Republicans, even some that were carried over the line on my back, do very little to protect their President.”
Also see: Trump Aides, Seeking Leverage, Investigate Mueller's Investigators
“I've actually been a big Donald Trump hater [for a long time]. I've been trolling them for about 5 to 7 years now,” they told USA Today earlier this year. “I've been doing this forever, and I take pride in that.”
After 9 years of hating Donald J Trump, telling them “lol no one likes you” was the straw pic.twitter.com/MhZ6bXT1Dp — christine teigen (@chrissyteigen) July 25, 2017
Author Stephen King is also in this club. Another critic of Trump, Stephen stated they were blocked on social media after continuously mocking POTUS.
At least, J.K. Rowling is still in the game.
Sponsors
BONUS: See some of Chrissy's hot photos from SI Swimsuit!
"Michael Moore in TrumpLand" arrives as a sneak attack. The movie was shot 11 days ago, and it was only over the weekend that Moore arranged to have it premiere Tuesday at New York's IFC Center. (It opens today for a week in New York and Los Angeles, and will be available on iTunes.) The fact that Moore kept the film's existence under wraps and launched it seemingly out of the blue speaks to their showbiz instincts; it's their October surprise. Going into the premiere, I don't think I was alone in wanting the movie to be a cathartic IED thrown into the already gliding-off-the-rails surrealism of the election season. Unfortunately, "Michael Moore In TrumpLand" turns out to be a tossed hand grenade that doesn't fully detonate.
The movie is 73 minutes long, and it's simply the filmed version of Moore's recent one-man stage show, which he's been presenting in Ohio. The show was designed to be performed in the heart of Republican country, and that makes sense. Moore has always been accused of preaching to the liberal-left choir, but in this case they decided -- wisely -- to preach to the anti-choir. The movie was shot at the Murphy Theatre in the southern Ohio town of Wilmington, a region so conservative that the theater's benefactor is Glenn Beck. Up on the marquee the night of the show, the words "Trump Voters Welcome" are placed in red lettering, and there are a lot of Trump supporters in the audience -- and also Hillary supporters, Bernie supporters, third party supporters, and undecideds. It's not a hostile crowd; it's just not the usual wall-to-wall Michael Moore progressive one.
For a while, Moore, with their stringy long hair tucked under a San Francisco 49ers cap, stands at a podium and speaks in the style of a free-wheelingly funny and scathing professor. (That's the best part of the movie.) Then they get more earnest. In "Michael Moore in TrumpLand," he's at once a stand-up comedian, a hectoring editorialist, a can't-we-all-get-along negotiator, and a warm-and-fuzzy Hillary Clinton advocate; he's also a filmmaker rehashing a number of the inspiring points they have already made in films like "Sicko" and "Where to Invade Next." And Donald Trump? He, of course, is the reason that anyone is going to be excited to see this movie. But Moore's title turns out to be a bit of false advertising. The filmmaker means it quite literally: He's giving a stage performance in the heart of Trump-land. OK, fine. But the real lure of that title is that it promises the fullness of Moore's take on Trump: a deep dive, a perception to spin our noggins around or make us laugh, in the way that Michael Moore can, with a cathartic slap of recognition at something that -- gulp! -- we haven't heard before.
MOST READ ENTERTAINMENT NEWS THIS HOUR
They start off by doing that. Moore, backed by looming photographs of the beautiful young Hillary Clinton, offers an analysis of Trump that's all about the decline and fall of the white male in America, and they do a terrific riff on the agony that a lot of men feel. White men over 35, they announce, are just 19 precent of the population. They're fading! And they've been reduced to glorified tools who have the ability to distinguish themselves in one of two ways: they can procreate, and they can reach for things on the top shelf. (Two tasks rendered borderline irrelevant by in vitro fertilization and lightweight stepladders.) The riff works because it's rooted in Moore's sympathy -- the fact that they themselves is part of that once dominant but now diminishing breed, and they know it. Yes, they talk about the loss of jobs and security and family, but mostly they talk about the loss of ego. He's brilliant in discussing the 2016 Super Bowl halftime show, with Beyoncé leading their army of black-clad feminine "s--kickers" as a key signifier in the takeover of cultural power by women.
To Moore, an angry white guy like Donald Trump provides a feeling of deliverance, as well as a promise: We will take it back to how it was. Moore is honest enough to see their own sensibilities reflected in the cosmic gripe of Trump supporters. They're in a rage at a lot of the same things they are: a government, and a corporate economy, that are no longer organized to take care of people. But the choice that Trump voters make is to lash out, and to back someone who pledges to destroy the status quo. As Moore testifies, Trump is likely to destroy it, all right -- along with everything else. Moore is at their best mimicking the sound of male Trump supporters at rallies (a wail of fury fused with a caterwauling of pain) and calling it the sound of a dying dinosaur. Solidly, they build the ground floor of an argument. I was eager to hear what he'd say about Trump next.
Well, that's all they have to say. As soon as Moore is done discussing the angry white male, he's finished talking about Trump as well. After half an hour (at most), they veer over to the subject of Hillary Clinton, and why Republicans hate them with such religious passion. Now, Hillary is not exactly an unworthy, or irrelevant, topic in this electoral season. Yet the intensity, the insanity, the singularity of the election -- and, let's be honest, the whole come-on of Moore's movie -- is rooted in the mystique of Donald Trump. And Trump deserves the full force of Michael Moore's analysis. Moore, in my opinion, wrote the single most penetrating piece that's been written about this election -- their over-the-summer missive entitled "5 Reasons Why Trump Will Win." That title may sound out of date, in light of the sexual revelations that will likely be the key torpedo of Trump's candidacy, yet really: Can we so blithely dismiss their popularity before that fatal videotape? Can we be so sure they wouldn't have won? Unlike much of the mainstream media, Moore can't be accused of reveling in a cavalier dismissal of the Trump phenomenon. They have pointedly critiqued that dismissal.
Although the August 21 chemical attacks near Damascus refocused the world's attention on events in Syria, the potential thawing of U.S.-Iranian relations has since claimed center stage. Addressing the UN General Assembly earlier this week, both President Obama and Iranian president Hassan Rouhani conveyed their respective government's willingness to peacefully resolve the Iranian nuclear issue, potentially as part of a larger process of rapprochement between the two countries. Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu, however, wants none of it.
Netanyahu, who characterized Rouhani's UN remarks as “ a cynical speech full of hypocrisy ,” opposes even attempting to pursue this potential opening with Iran. Their stance is understandable, but their decision to so publicly express their objections to the diplomatic approach embraced by the administration is not, at least not at first glance. Moreover, this is not the first time that they or their government have recently attempted to publicly pressure the Obama administration to pursue—or not pursue—particular policies abroad; some might even call this meddling. Instead of fostering the impression that Israel and America are working in lockstep to resolve foreign-policy issues of mutual concern, Netanyahu has strained bilateral relations and contributed to the perception that Israel is uninterested in attempting to peacefully resolve the Iranian nuclear crisis.
In short, Bibi needs to back off.
While there is ample cause for skepticism regarded Rouhani's sincerity, the Obama administration has wisely decided to at least give peace a chance . If talks with Iran fail, Obama can more plausibly claim that they seriously pursued the diplomatic route, strengthening their hand should they subsequently decide to resort to force. And resolving the nuclear crisis non-violently—however unlikely this may be—is manifestly preferable to attempting to do so militarily.
America severed diplomatic relations with Iran in 1980, shortly after the Iranian Revolution and subsequent takeover of the U.S. embassy in Tehran. Since then, Iranian-American relations have been characterized, with limited exception, by intense hostility and mutual distrust. Of course, the policy inertia of more than three decades of tensions cannot be undone overnight. Netanyahu's unabashed desire to obstruct the incipient process as best they can only further complicate matters.
Israel and America, despite sharing a number of common foreign-policy goals and facing many of the same threats, are bound to disagree on some issues sometimes; after all, no two states have identical national interests, and the same threat can be viewed entirely differently by even the closest of allies. The closeness of the Israeli-American relationship is a source of strength, yet Netanyahu's actions undermine both the relationship's closeness and, by extension, this strength. Rather than adopting the current public-pressure approach, Netanyahu could have instead simply made their views known directly to the administration and adopted a less combative stance in public.
Beyond the Iranian issue, Israeli officials have also used public fora to influence the Obama administration's response to the Syrian regime's alleged use of chemical weapons. At a conference at Tel Aviv University's Institute for National Security Studies in April, Brig. Gen. Itai Brun, head of military intelligence research for the IDF, declared that Israel believed the Assad regime had used chemical weapons on multiple occasions, including on March 19 at Khan al-Asal. Previously, Yuval Steinitz, Israel's minister of intelligence, international relations, and strategic affairs, said on Israeli Army Radio a day after the March 19 attack that chemical munitions had been used, although they did not attempt to assign culpability to either the Syrian regime or rebels. At the time of Steinitz's remarks, the Obama administration maintained that there was no evidence of chemical weapons use in Syria.
Proof that Assad had indeed gassed Syrian rebels would have put pressure on Obama to follow through on their imprudent “ red line ” against the use of chemical weapons in Syria, which Brun's allegation certainly did.
It seemed evident at the time of Brun's remarks, and has since become increasingly so, that Obama has little appetite for actually striking the Assad regime. Thus, the administration had until then been dithering over acknowledging whether the regime was actually responsible. Brun's announcement, however, put Obama even more on the defensive. At first, the administration contested Israel's findings, although it soon had to acknowledge that Assad's regime had used chemical weapons, albeit on a “ small scale .”
While it is unlikely that Brun made their accusation without first receiving permission—tacitly or overtly—from higher-ups to do so, it is inconceivable that the Israeli government failed to appreciate the sensitivity of their charge vis-à-vis Obama's red line. To prevent similar public disagreements with its American ally, Israel has since forbidden the IDF's intelligence officers from speaking at public conferences. Yet Netanyahu obviously remains free to publicly contest U.S. policy, which they will reportedly do when they speak to the General Assembly on October 1, the day after President Obama hosts them at the White House.
Netanyahu will reportedly focus on Iran's nuclear program in their UN address. They will rebuke America and Iran's inchoate process of reconciliation, which they view as a trap devised by Iran to obtain relief from sanctions. Their speech is one part of an aggressive campaign by their government to discredit the potential of diplomatically resolving the Iranian nuclear crisis; other recent elements include Netanyahu's characterization of Rouhani as a “wolf in sheep's clothing” and their representatives' admonition to “not to be fooled by the Iranian president's fraudulent statements”, as well as the Israeli embassy in Washington's release of a mock LinkedIn profile of Rouhani that called them a “longtime advocate of nuclear proliferation”, among other things, hours before Rouhani addressed the UN.
Netanyahu has openly clashed with the administration for a number of reasons. Their behavior is intended to appeal to multiple audiences, both in Israel and abroad. (Keep in mind that when Netanyahu addresses “the international community”, their intended audience—besides Israelis—is essentially just the United States.)
Pressuring America to adopt less flexible, more militaristic policy positions is a common theme underlying Israel's actions, both in the Iranian and Syrian cases. In each instance, Netanyahu faced a win-win situation. An American attack on Assad, like a refusal by Obama to reconcile with Iran, could persuade the Islamic Republic that the threat of U.S. military action remains viable, thereby influencing Iran to show greater flexibility regarding its nuclear ambitions. Conversely, a less hawkish U.S. posture in each case could aid Netanyahu in their ongoing efforts to convince Israel's top defense personnel, as well as the Israeli public, to support a potential unilateral Israeli strike on Iran's nuclear facilities by showing that America cannot be depended upon to confront Iran.
Being assertive (read: confrontational) in their dealings with Obama also scores them domestic political points, particularly from the Israeli right, as does taking a hard line on Iran's nuclear ambitions. Nonetheless, their decision to so openly clash with Washington can be excused by reference to their domestic political exigencies only to a point.
Regardless of whether or not allies see eye-to-eye and work cooperatively on matters of mutual concern, it is critical that they at least be perceived to be doing so. Pressuring the U.S. publicly is bad for Israel and America. It weakens the American-Israeli “special relationship,” the actual and perceived strength of which confers important benefits. Being so uncompromising on Iran while Israel's greatest ally is exploring a different course isolates Israel internationally. And what if, however improbable, Obama's approach is vindicated and a diplomatic solution is reached? Netanyahu will be largely discredited and Israel will be further isolated.
Rouhani's professed desire to reduce Iran's international isolation was a major factor contributing to their winning office in mid-June. Their electoral campaign slogan, quite fittingly, was “hope and prudence.” If only Bibi would at least display some hope.
Hey guys, glad to be back, but I do need to address this wonky schedule I've been on…
To make it clear, Nerf This doesn't have an update schedule, when I first started Nerf This I wanted it to be a MWF update schedule, but after a while I just… started updating every weekday. I never put on my site anywhere that this comic would update daily. I upheld this schedule for nearly two years without many hiccups, unfortunately the past few months have been unforgivably busy, and I'm sorry that it is affecting this comic, I'm truly sorry. It makes me really happy that I can provide something that you can read for free on Nerf This, it really does. As Nerf and my other projects grow, I realize I can't keep up with it, hell, I'm even looking to hire an assistant. I'm letting Joenis from LAWLS and Rush Haven handle my store items so things get out in a timely manner.
By any means, I'm not complaining, I love my life and what I do, if I have to choose what I wanted to be when I was little, the choices were drawing comics, and being a poacher hunter (Pennsylvania doesn't have a high demand for poachers apparently). Please don't take Nerf updating infrequently as a sign that I'm, “throwing in the towel”, “giving up”, “not caring” or any of that, I do care, and I'm stressed as hell to find a solid answer to make it work. I should have posted what was going on sooner, and I'm very sorry I haven't. So, to make this huge summary much more to the point, I want to say, please just hang in there a little bit longer, I promise things will be back to normality very soon. I love drawing comics, and I love drawing comics for you guys. Hell, I'm lucky that people even read my comics.
(sorry about the horrid grammar, I'm writing this after 5am, and I look like I could win some fancy schmancy vagrancy award Anyways, next comic will be here Monday, and I hope to see you all then
–EDIT –
If you have any questions about any merch, including the book, please contact Rush Haven, and they will get back to you ASAP.
SINTRA Portugal (Reuters) - Nobel Prize-winning economist Paul Krugman challenged the ECB on Tuesday to act to stop the euro zone slipping into Japan-style deflation, saying it risked sitting still while the economy became “persistently depressed”.
Nobel Prize winning economist Paul Krugman speaks during an interview in New York, May 4, 2012. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
Speaking at the ECB's inaugural Forum on Central Banking, Krugman suggested the euro zone could sleep walk into Japan-style deflation - a challenge to which European Central Bank President Mario Draghi will have an opportunity to respond to at the conference in Portugal later on Tuesday.
It would be easy to convince oneself there is no problem, Krugman said, adding: “There is not that explosive downward dynamics in the euro area, or in the United States.
“But then there has never been explosive downward dynamics in Japan either, and yet we do think that Japan has had a persistent deflation problem.”
The ECB is getting increasingly uncomfortable with the euro zone's persistently low inflation, which has been stuck in what Draghi has called the “danger zone” below 1 percent for seven months.
Opening the ECB's Sintra Forum, billed as the European version of the Federal Reserve's renowned Jackson Hole conference, Draghi said on Monday that there was a risk of disinflationary expectations taking hold.
Their comments came after they said at the ECB's May meeting that the Governing Council was “comfortable with acting next time” - its June 5 policy meeting - but wanted to see updated economic projections from the bank's staff first.
Since then, data has confirmed a slight increase in euro zone inflation in April to 0.7 percent, from 0.5 percent the previous month, but also shown that the economy grew much less than expected at the start of the year.
Krugman said a fully fledged deflation was very rare.
“If you are only going to get really ... compelled to do something when it turns into a 1933-type deflationary spiral, you are not going to get that and yet you are going to be sitting there with an economy that is persistently depressed, because inflation is too low,” they said.
They renewed their call for central banks to target a higher inflation rate than, for example, the ECB's goal of just below 2 percent, to avoid getting trapped in a period of low inflation.
Olivier Blanchard, the International Monetary Fund's chief economist, had suggested a 4 percent target.
The ECB is preparing a package of policy options for its June meeting, sources have told Reuters, including cuts in all its interest rates and targeted measures aimed at boosting lending to small- and mid-sized firms (SMEs).
Five people familiar with the measures being prepared have detailed plans involving a potential rate cut, including the ECB's deposit rate going negative for the first time, along with the targeted measures aimed at boosting lending to SMEs.
Give a year-end healthy toast to another bit of good news for Iowans in a statewide survey: The Hawkeye state is in the top third among the healthiest in the country according to United Health Group's 2017 rankings. But better than ranking 15th healthiest overall is this: 2017 marks the third straight year Iowa has trended toward better health.
The group's annual "America's Health Rankings" report published this month looks at 35 measures covering behaviors, community and environment, policy, clinical care and outcomes data. The report's executive summary says that the country is facing serious public health challenges, including rising rates of premature death and an uneven concentration of health care providers.
According to the report, Iowa rose two spots in the rankings compared to 2016, seven spots from 2015 and nine from 2014, when Iowa ranked its lowest ever since the reporting began in 1990.
Some of Iowa's strengths highlighted in the report are a 7.7 percent decrease in the number of smokers in the past three years, a 58 percent decrease in the number of uninsured residents, and a drop in the number of preventable hospitalizations. But the state did see some unfavorable numbers in the report, including a 10 percent increase in obesity in the past five years and a a 56 percent increase in the number of chlamydia cases in four years.
Though the number of deaths related to drugs also was up over five years by 1.8 per 100,000, Iowa's drug death rate is among the lowest in the country, ranking the state fourth lowest.
The state ranks in the bottom 10 in the country when it comes to cancer deaths at 195.2 per 100,000 and had a rate of 5.9 more cancer deaths per 100,000 people than in 2012. The state ranked in the bottom half of the country for infant mortality and drug deaths, though the rate of infant deaths increased by 0.2 per 100,000 over 2012. In the past five years, the state also has improved the number of cardiovascular deaths, with 8.8 fewer, and cardiovascular deaths, with 299 fewer.
The survey ranked Iowa 44th among the number of mental health providers, with 134.7 per 100,000, while Massachusetts led the nation with more than four times that at 547.3.
Iowa received high marks for being one of the five states with the lowest disparity in health status among rural, urban and suburban populations.
The state's rank in a variety of categories (including national average number in parentheses) included:
Drug deaths, 47th, at 9.4 per 100,000
Excessive drinking, 47th, 22.1 per 100,000
High school graduation, 1st, 90.8 percent
Uninsured residents, 5th lowest, 4.7 percent of residents
Frequent mental distress, 7th, 10 cases per 100,000 (national 11.7)
Frequent physical distress 5th, 96 per 100,000 (11.7)
Infant mortality, 4th lowest, 4.5 per 100,000 (5.9)
Premature death, 11th, 6,333 per 100,000 (7,214)
But findings this year show as a nation the premature death rate (death before the age of 75) increased for the third straight year. 2017 also saw an increase in the rates of cardiovascular and drug deaths nationwide. The report also found a wide disparity in the concentration of both mental health providers and of primary care physicians and dentists in the country.
The healthiest states in the U.S. for 2017 are:
Massachusetts Hawaii Vermont Utah Connecticut
The states that rank at the bottom of the report are:
West Virginia Alabama Arkansas Louisiana Mississippi
Image via Darko Stojanovic/Pixabay
On March 27th JoVE (Journal of Visualized Experiments) will publish a new video article by Dr. Lotfi Merabet showing how researchers in the Department of Ophthalmology at Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary and Harvard Medical School have developed a virtual gaming environment to help blind individuals improve navigation skills and develop a cognitive spatial map of unfamiliar buildings and public locations.
"For the blind, finding your way or navigating in a place that is unfamiliar presents a real challenge," Dr. Merabet explains. "As people with sight, we can capture sensory information through our eyes about our surroundings. For the blind that is a real challenge… the blind will typically use auditory and tactile cues."
The technique utilizes computer generated layouts of public buildings and spatial sensory feedback to synthesize a virtual world that mimics a real world navigation task. In the game, participants must find jewels and carry them out of the building, without being intercepted by roaming monsters that steal the jewels and hide them elsewhere. Participants interface with the virtual building by using a keyboard and wearing headphones that play auditory cues that help spatially orient them to the world around them. This interaction helps users generate an accurate mental layout of the mimicked building. Dr. Merabet and their colleagues are also exploring applications of this technology with other user interfaces, like a Wii Remote or joystick.
"We have developed software called ABES, the Audio Based Environment Simulator that represents the actual physical environment of the Carol Center for the Blind in Newton Massachusetts. The participants will use the game metaphor to get a sense of the whole building through open discovery, allowing people to learn room layouts more naturally than if they were just following directions."
The technology will invariably be useful for the 285 million blind people world-wide, 6 million of which live in the United States. It will also have applications beyond the blind community for individuals with other visual impairments, cognitive deficits, or those recovering from brain injuries.
Dr. Merabet considers publication in JoVE's video format especially helpful. "It is conceptually difficult for a sighted person to understand 'a video game for blind people.' What JoVE allows us to do is break down layouts of the game and strategy, show how the auditory cues can be used and how we quantify performance going from the virtual game to the physical world."
Merabet et. al.; http://www.jove.com/video/50272/development-an-audio-based-virtual-gaming-environment-to-assist-with
What a fine meth Breaking Bad‘s Skyler finds themselves in, as the acclaimed AMC drama unspools its final season.
Yes, Walter White's wife originally went along with the scheme they cooked up, to dabble in drugs as a means to provide for their family in the event of them being felled by cancer. But in recent seasons, Skyler has seen that their hubby is capable of much more – even murder.
On the occasion of Anna Gunn being bestowed with their very first Emmy nomination, in the Supporting Actress in a Drama race, TVLine invited them to detail just how dire an existence their Bad bride has been dealt.
TVLINE | You've been nominated for your first major award — an Emmy. That is a big, fat first.
It is a big, fat first! It is…. It just feels fantastic to be recognized. I mean, to hear your name in the same breath as [Downton Abbey nominee] Maggie Smith? Just mind-blowing to me. She's one of my favorites ever. I've been smiling so much, my face hurts! This week for Breaking Bad has been a whirlwind of great stuff. We had great [ratings] on Sunday, the reaction we received at Comic-Con was incredible….
TVLINE | The premiere numbers were really something. In a climate when most shows can only hope to hold onto their audience, Breaking Bad is hitting all-time highs — in its fifth season.
That blew me away, given the whole thing about [DISH Network] and people not being able to see it. Also, when I think the writing can't get any better, it does. The storylines get more complex and the characters get richer…. I really bow down to [series creator] Vince [Gilligan] and all the writers, because I don't know how they do it. And I can never ever predict, from the beginning of a season to the end, how it's going to go. They always take a hairpin turn.
RELATED | Matt's Inside Line: Scoop on Breaking Bad, Leverage, White Collar and More
TVLINE | What is going on inside Skyler's head at this instant, as Walt hugs them and says, “I forgive you“?
She's in not a good place. Of course they only knew a little bit at the beginning — they thought it was “just” drug dealing and cooking, they didn't realize it went as far as it did. So when they realize at the end of Season 4 that they had something to do with Gus Fring's death, the bottom has fallen out of their life. Any illusion of control that they had is just smashed. It's like she's in free-fall, desperately trying to reach out for something to hang onto, and for the first time in the series they don't know what move to make next. I think they feel like they are being held hostage by Walt, like they are backed so far into the comer there's nowhere for them to go. Skyler thought they could fix it, or steer it, but they realize there's no way. So all these emotions have been bubbling up finally just boil over.
TVLINE | As you alluded, earlier on it was for semi-altruistic reasons that Walt was dabbling in meth. But now, he's aiming to be the meth king just to be the meth king. Does Skyler go along with it out of some sense of guilt, because they blew their money…?
I think it's a question for her, why they don't take the kids and run off somewhere, why they don't turn them into the police.  They are in it now. She's culpable, and they have been part of it, so she's stuck in it like quicksand that's pulling them down. They feel like there is no escape, and everything they have tried to do to make it be “OK,” none of those things has worked. They've only gotten them deeper into it.
RELATED | Breaking Bad Season 5 Premiere Recap: The Power of Attraction
TVLINE | Lastly, I'm curious: In the first few minutes of the Season 5 premiere, we saw where Walt is at, some point in the future. Has Vince confided what Skyler is up to at that same moment?
No, not a single word — and I sort of prefer it that way, because then the honesty of the present moment you're playing is pure. I've wondered a lot — where is she? Where is the family? And I honestly have no idea.
TVLINE | Would it surprise you if, at the end of the day, Skyler doesn't make it out of the series alive?
It wouldn't surprise me if they didn't make it out. It wouldn't surprise me if they did somehow rise above it. Like I say, you can never predict where they're going to take these characters, and I'm as fascinated as anybody to find out!
Dry Dock Brewing Company Expands Distribution to Durango With Ska Brewing Company
September 26, 2016
AURORA, CO— Dry Dock Brewing Company has partnered with Ska Brewing Company to expand its distribution to seven counties in the Southwest corner of the state. Dry Dock's award-winning beers are now available in Durango, Colorado.
Dry Dock's Home Fleet of beers, which includes the company's flagship Apricot Blonde as well as Hop Abomination IPA, Wheat Beer, Vanilla Porter, Amber Ale, and Sour Apricot, are now available in canned 6-packs at Durango liquor stores. Beer lovers can also find 12-pack variety Booty Boxes, 12-packs of Apricot Blonde, and bombers of the brewery's seasonal and specialty beers.
“We're proud to partner with such a craft-savvy distributor,” says Dry Dock Brewing Company's Director of Sales & Marketing George Allen. “We're excited to offer our Colorado-only brand to even more Coloradoans.”
“We have been friends with the folks at Dry Dock for a long time,” adds Dave Thibodeau, Co-Founder and President of Ska Brewing. “They make some killer beers! We are excited to add them to our distribution portfolio and share their award-winning beers with Southwest Colorado.”
Dry Dock beers are distributed throughout the rest of Colorado through Western Distributing.
For more information or photos, or with any other media inquiries, contact Emily Hutto at hutto@drydockbrewing.com.
ABOUT DRY DOCK BREWING CO.
Dry Dock Brewing Company was the first brewery in Aurora, Colorado that began as a small speakeasy-
style bar next door to its sister business, The Brew Hut, at 15120 E. Hampden Avenue. To-date, it's one of Colorado's top producing breweries made possible by its second production and canning facility North Dock, the closest Colorado craft brewery to the airport located at 2801 Tower Road, Aurora 80011. Visit the brewery online at drydockbrewing.com.
Follow Dry Dock on Facebook at facebook.com/DryDockBrewing and on Instagram and Twitter @DryDockBrewing.
ABOUT SKA BREWING CO.
Ska Brewing Company is the premiere craft distributor for Southwestern Colorado. In addition to their own award-winning products they distribute for other breweries such as Left Hand, Stone, Dogfish Head, Boulevard, Firestone Walker, Marble, La Cumbre and several others. Ska services on and off-premise accounts in Durango, Telluride, Ridgway and Ouray. Find Ska online at skabrewing.com.
Dry Dock Brewing Company Expands Distribution to Durango With Ska Brewing Company was last modified: by
Contact Info
Company: Dry Dock Brewing Co.
Contact: Emily Hutto
Email: hutto@drydockbrewing.com
Marijuana legalization is a current — and hot — topic. Some people are against legalization for all purposes. Others favor marijuana legalization for medicinal purposes, but are opposed to legalization for recreational use. Still others believe marijuana should be legal for all uses.
Where you stand on this issue will color your beliefs about investing in “marijuana stocks.” Even if you would never consider investing in a marijuana stock, this article should increase your knowledge about this current topic.
Marijuana Legalization
Colorado and Washington passed initiatives last month legalizing marijuana for recreational use, making them the first states in the U.S. to do so. And Massachusetts joined 18 states and Washington, D.C., in legalizing marijuana use by people suffering from chronic illnesses.
The Colorado Amendment allows adults (those 21 and older) to purchase up to one ounce of marijuana at regulated retail stores, and permits adults to grow up to six marijuana plants at home. The Washington Amendment likewise specifies “adults.”
The passing of these initiatives greatly expands the market size for legal marijuana. This market was estimated to be worth about $1.7 billion in 2011.
It seems likely that marijuana for medicinal purposes will soon be legal in the entire U.S. This would further increase the market size. It's hard to guess what will happen with the legalization for recreational use. I'd guess it will be a state by state issue for quite a while.
Marijuana Stocks
There are a handful of marijuana stocks, none of which trade on any of the three major U.S. stock exchanges (NYSE, AMEX, NASDAQ), to my knowledge — most trade over-the-counter (OTC). This isn't unusual for very small companies, though it can pose increased risks for investors, as listing requirements are not as stringent as they are on the major exchanges.
Unless you are an experienced investor who has a high risk tolerance, I do not recommend you invest in stocks not listed on major U.S. stock exchanges, most especially smaller start-ups.
We'll look at three companies involved in different aspects of this industry, starting with a company that has been called the “The Walmart of Weed.”
Terra Tech Corp. (OTC: TRTC)
Operations
Terra Tech, based in Irvine, CA, was in the urban agricultural business. It expanded into the medical marijuana equipment manufacturing business when it merged with GrowOp Technologies in early 2012. Terra Tech was already an OTC publicly traded company, so GrowOp, founded in 2010, became listed due to the merger.
The GrowOp subsidiary manufactures and sells specialty hydroponic equipment that can be used to grow various products, but appears heavily focused on equipment for growing medical marijuana.
Stock Stats
The company has a market cap of $35.8 million. Revenue for the one-year period through the third-quarter was $587,290, with a net loss of $4.09 million. Negative earnings (or net income) is common for small start-ups. That said, liquidity is a major issue — meaning the company has very little cash compared to its debt load and the cash it's burning through.
Per Yahoo! Finance, it had $60,000 in cash, $471,000 in debt, and a one-year operating cash flow of almost -$338,000 at the end of last quarter.
The stock price is down over 60% since the company began trading. Here's the chart:
Pass on this stock — the financials and stock stats are poor. If the finances improve over the next few quarters, experienced risk-tolerant investors comfortable with investing in OTC stocks can always reconsider.
Medbox (OTC: MDBX)
Operations
Related Articles 6 Lessons I Learned From my Best and Worst Stock Picks
Hotels Are Getting Cheaper in These 5 Tourist Hot Spots
How to Calculate Estimated Taxes , based in Hollywood, CA, sells patented automated dispensing machines to licensed medical marijuana dispensaries. The machines dispense set doses of marijuana, after using fingerprint technology to verify patients' identities.
The interesting factor here is the potential to develop similar machines that dispense prescription drugs other than marijuana. Potential investors would need to explore the regulatory aspects.
Stock Stats
Let's start with the stock price here, given the extremely wild ride. The stock price began trading on Aug. 3 of this year at $2.50 per share. It hit a low of $.03 on Sept. 4, then surged to a high of $215 on Nov. 15, and is currently trading at $95 (Dec. 13 close). The rocketing price was surely due to the passing of the legalization initiatives. Here's the chart:
There are scant stock stats available on Yahoo! Finance, given the company just went public this August.
Pass on this one for now — it is simply too new. However, experienced risk-tolerant investors comfortable with investing in OTC stocks may want to put it on a “watch list.”
GW Pharmaceuticals (GWPRF)
This one is not listed OTC — it's listed on a sub-market of the London Stock Exchange.
Operations
Salisbury, U.K.-based GW Pharmaceuticals develops and sells cannabinoid prescription pharmaceutical products to treat various medical conditions. Its primary product is Sativex, which is reportedly the first marijuana-based medicine. The drug is sold as a mouth spray for alleviating symptoms of multiple sclerosis. It's sold in several countries, including Canada, the U.K., Germany, Spain and Denmark.
The company is currently seeking FDA approval to sell the drug in the U.S. as a pain reliever in late-stage cancer patients. It's also in Phase III clinical trials for the treatment of cancer pain and Phase II/III trials for the treatment of neuropathic pain, bladder dysfunction and rheumatoid arthritis.
The company is also in the early stages of developing other cannabinoids to treat conditions such as diabetes, inflammation, psychiatric conditions and epilepsy.
It's been in business since 1998, so it's not a start-up like most in the legal marijuana industry.
Stock Stats
This company is the only one discussed here that makes a profit. It also generates considerably more revenue than most in the industry.
This $120.4 million market cap company generated revenue of $53.2 million and net income of $3.97 million for the one-year period through the third-quarter. Profit margin is 12.5% and Return-on-Equity is 12.8% — both a far cry from stats for larger more established drug companies, but not bad for a smaller less-established one. Quarterly revenue increased 68% over the same quarter last year. The P/E is 31.
The stock price is at an all-time low, a concern. The stock began trading in June 2010 at $1.78 per share. It's currently trading at $0.91. Here's the chart:
Pass on this one for now. Experienced, risk-tolerant investors comfortable with investing on stocks not listed on U.S. exchanges may want to put on a “watch list.” Two main things to watch for — earnings progressions and a stock price move off the all-time low. Of course, an FDA approval has the potential to ignite this stock.
The use of electronic cigarettes (e-cigarettes) as an alternative to traditional tobacco smoking and as part of therapy in nicotine and smoking addiction is becoming more and more popular. In our previous research, we proved that not all liquids for e-cigarettes marked as nicotine-free are actually free of nicotine [1]. Sucrose is a popular additive in tobacco products and is commonly used in the production processes and to enhance the taste and flavour of the tobacco. Moreover, sucrose occurs naturally in tobacco leaves [2, 3, 4] and can be determined by liquid chromatography combined with mass spectrometry [5] or by other techniques [6]. The exact mechanism of the formation of aldehydes and organic acids during combustion of sucrose and other sugars in tobacco is still not fully understood [7, 8]. However, it is known that during this process organic acids and aldehydes may be formed [3, 9, 10, 11, 12]. Aldehydes coming from sugars during the combustion of tobacco may have the reinforcing effect responsible for increased addiction to nicotine and smoking [9, 13]. The high temperature during the combustion of tobacco (from 600 to 900 °C during drawing) is responsible for the formation of aldehydes and organic acids. The working temperature of the heating element of e-cigarettes is variable owing to the cooling of inhaled air flow [14]. From one point of view, this temperature may seem too low (around 250 °C) to lead to the formation of aldehydes and organic acids, but there are reports [3, 15] indicating fairly quick formation of aldehydes from sucrose during cigarette smoking even at temperatures as low as 200 °C. Furthermore, more than ten different aldehydes were detected in e-cigarette aerosol [16]. Despite this, the temperature is high enough to evaporate the main ingredient, which is poly(propylene glycol), with a boiling temperature of around 188 °C. All of the e-liquids available on the market are based on poly(propylene glycol) (above 80 %), glycerine and even ethanol (from 5 to 15 %) according to the labels attached. What is more, none of the labels of e-liquids on the market state that the products contain sucrose or may contain it at a trace level.
The purpose of the project was to develop a rapid and simple method for the evaluation of sucrose content in e-liquids by hydrophilic interaction liquid chromatography (HILIC) and tandem mass spectrometry (MS/MS) with electrospray ionization and multiple reaction monitoring. The proposed analytical method allows the determination of the sucrose content in less than 4 min, with minimal effort required for sample preparation.
The new bridge will link border cities in both North Korea and China over the Amnok River – also known as the Yalu River – and has been hailed as a symbol of close economic ties between the two neighbours.
The showcase project, which is being payrolled by China at a cost of £235m (2.22 billion Chinese yuan), is due to be completed next year.
Despite recent events on the peninsula, construction work, which will link the North Korean city of Sinuiju to China's Dancong, was under way as scheduled this week, according to reports from Yonhap news.
However, as tensions continue to escalate in the region, observers will be closely watching the development of the bridge due to its status as a symbol of friendship between China and North Korea.
When construction work was first started at the end of 2010. North Korea's official news agency KCNA described the bridge as "demonstrating once again the great vitality and invincible might of the DPRK-China friendship steadily growing stronger.
"The bridge will be successfully built as a symbol of the DPRK-China friendship and a structure of the two peoples." China has long been North Korea's main ally and trading partner, providing most of its food, fuel, weapons and industrial machinery, but there are growing signs that it is increasingly losing patience with its renegade neighbour.
In recent months, Pyongyang has caused growing concern in Beijing with its nuclear tests, rocket launches and bellicose rhetoric.
In response, China has voted to support sanctions imposed by the United Nations in opposition of its nuclear programme as well as urged dialogue between North and South Korea.
Angela Eagle steps aside to make way for single challenger in race to lead party after receiving fewer nominations than Smith
Owen Smith will take on Jeremy Corbyn for the Labour leadership in a head-to-head race that will see the pair clash repeatedly during the summer before a result is announced at the party's conference on 24 September.
The Pontypridd MP became the sole challenger to Corbyn following a decision by Angela Eagle to pull out of the race after it became clear they would fall short of their opponent when it came to nominations from MPs and MEPs.
Eagle said they would throw all their “enthusiasm and might” behind Smith, as they urged people to pay £25 to sign up as registered supporters before 5pm on Wednesday so they could vote in the contest.
The pair indicated that they would be putting themselves forward as a joint ticket, with Eagle saying they would work in “lockstep” with the former shadow work and pensions secretary.
Angela Eagle was never going to be Labour leader. You can guess why | Anne Perkins Read more
Smith will seek to present their campaign for a leadership team drawn from all sides of the party. Describing Eagle as a great friend and a pioneer in the party, they added: “I will want to work side by side with Angela throughout this contest. I want Angela to be at my right hand throughout this.”
In an appeal to the party membership, they said: “I want to say to all members of the Labour party tonight, young and old, longstanding and new members: I can be your champion. I am just as radical as Jeremy Corbyn.”
Smith had attracted the nominations of 90 colleagues, including 88 MPs and two MEPs, while the Guardian understands that Eagle had the backing of 63 MPs and a further nine MEPs.
Both men will now take their campaigns to members, with ballot papers and online voting information being sent out to eligible members, who joined before January, on 22 August. They then have a month to decide before returning their papers by 21 September or voting online, with the result announced at Labour's Liverpool conference.
Corbyn, who was challenged following a vote of no confidence by three quarters of Labour MPs, is expected to launch their campaign this week. Their pitch to the members who supported them in large numbers last summer is that they have led the party to successful results in local elections and deserves credit for their anti-austerity stance and for government U-turns on “cruel tax credit cuts” and reforms of disability benefits.
In a note to members, Corbyn conceded that “our party is divided”, but argued that they could unify it again. “We need to use this contest to bring people together around strong policies to turn our fire on to the Tory government. There must be no personal abuse or threatening behaviour,” they wrote, after Eagle and they received death threats. “Let's have a comradely debate this summer.”
One source close to the leadership said that the big worry for Corbyn's team had been losing in the second round. “With Angela as the rightwing candidate, it would have been easier for Owen to pull off some of our vote and then grab all of Angela's second preferences in a run off,” they said. “In some respects, he's an easier beast to fight, as it's obvious now to voters that he's the Blair-lite candidate and they can't hide it any more.”
Smith, who admitted it would be a difficult few months, is preparing to go to members with policies such as restoring wage councils, a £200bn investment plan, a referendum on the Brexit deal, an ethical foreign policy, and a new war powers act to help parliament scrutinise future conflicts.
“It's clear that we must oppose failed Tory austerity. However, it is not enough to just be anti-austerity, we need a concrete plan for prosperity,” they said in their note to members, in a swipe at Corbyn who they have accused of offering slogans but not solutions.
Smith said the party owed Corbyn a debt of gratitude for helping Labour to rediscover its radical roots. “But we need a new generation of Labour men and women to take this party forward.” They said their decision to stand was partly because Labour was at a moment of real risk, arguing that the “possibility of split is dangerously real”.
The Welsh MP, who was nominated by the former leader Ed Miliband, will now win the backing of the vast majority of Labour MPs as Eagle supporters swing behind them in their bid to defeat Corbyn.
But there was some disappointment that Labour would not be putting forward a woman, after the Conservative party welcomed its second female prime minister.
Jess Phillips MP said they were completely behind Smith, but added: “All credit to Angela because they were brave and they came out and stuck their head above the parapet. It is much worse for female Labour MPs, the amount of hatred and vitriol that comes our way.
“Why would you sacrifice time with your family, time to do your job properly, see your constituents properly to basically be a figure of hatred, deep twisted hatred? The message it sends out to women activists around the country is politics is not for you, it's not worth it.”
Others were quick to highlight that Smith was backed by a large number of women, with their campaign being co-chaired by the former shadow cabinet members, Kate Green, Heidi Alexander and Lisa Nandy. “It would be amazing to see Labour deliver a woman as prime minister but first we have to unite this party, heal and turn into an effective force to win a general election,” said Nandy.
They said Smith was a campaigning politician who was aware that this was the moment that members could choose to “set the Labour party back on the path to power”, a move that they argued was critical for many women in their Wigan constituency. “Angela is an incredibly tough politician who has acted in a way that shows, as always, that they have the interests of the Labour party at their core.”
Eagle had come under pressure to step down halfway through the period for nominations by MPs and MEPs following a clamour within the party for a single candidate to take on Corbyn.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Jeremy Corbyn is backed by the grassroots movement Momentum, which has more than 100,000 supporters. Photograph: Geoff Moore/Rex/Shutterstock
There were fears that the battle between the pair was a distraction from a campaign called Saving Labour, which is trying to persuade people to sign up to vote against Corbyn by Wednesday's deadline. But the Labour leader is also backed by the grassroots movement Momentum, which has a network of more than 100,000 supporters and the ability to mobilise people quickly.
The contest follows a fierce battle within the party's national executive committee, which has triggered legal challenges from both sides. It decided that Corbyn would automatically be placed on the ballot without nomination, but also laid out new rules for a £25 fee and blocked more than 130,000 new members who have joined since January from voting.
Stephen Doughty MP, who had backed Eagle, said their supporters were naturally disappointed but full of praise for the way they had conducted themselves at every stage of the contest with “dignity and courage”.
“I have no doubt all of us who supported them will now throw our full support behind Owen – who has also showed a significant ability to communicate and inspire with a radical anti-austerity programme to stand up for our communities and take the fight to the Tories.”
Yesterday, Indian police detained a pigeon at the border with Pakistan, after it was found carrying a warning note to Prime Minister Narendra Modi. Last year as well, India had arrested a pigeon, which it claimed to be a spy from Pakistan. While we wait for further news, here's the proof the Indian government provided following last year's arrest.
Last week, Indian authorities announced the capture of a Pakistani spy pigeon. The Indian intelligence agency, RAW, claimed that the pigeon was specially trained by the Pakistani spy agency, the ISI, to fly into Indian territory on a spying mission.
To corroborate its claims, RAW released some photos (taken by a RAW parrot) that shows the Pakistani pigeon indulging in various spying actives in and over India. RAW chief, Roger Binny, told reporters that the photos also proved that the Pakistani pigeon (code name: Ghutarghoon Khan) had been conducting spying missions in India for many years, maybe even decades!
Below are the photos that RAW released to substantiate its startling claims.
Ghutarghoon Khan secretly spying on the pet ducks of the RAW chief ...
Ghutarghoon Khan seducing and then recruiting a female Indian pigeon ...
A Ghutarghoon Khan selfie taken outside a nuclear plant in Bihar.
Ghutarghoon Khan fighting a patriotic Indian squirrel. The squirrel's body was found in a fish pond nearby.
Ghutarghoon Khan polluting Indian river ...
Ghutarghoon Khan attacking an innocent Indian from the air.
PM Modi proudly exhibits a hat specially designed to ward off attacks by Pakistani pigeons from the air ...
An ISI agent paying Ghutarghoon Khan money to conduct more aerial bombings in India ...
A Chinese scientist working closely with the ISI installing a micro-camera in Ghutargoon Khan's left eye ...
Ghutarghoon Khan disguised as a Bollywood actor ...
Ghutarghoon Khan disrupting a cricket Test match in India. Specifically trying to injure the world's fastest, deadliest, bestest fast bowler, Ishant Sharma ...
Ghutarghoon Khan secretly and strategically placed during Modi-Obama meeting ...
Catastrophic devastation caused by Ghutarghoon Khan ...
Finally, Ghutarghoon Khan apprehended and put where they belong. The Republic of India is safe. Long live RAW! Ghutarghoon Khan's final words: 'My name is Khan, and I'm not a spy!'
NEW YORK (Reuters) - Oil prices rose on Tuesday following a workers' strike in Kuwait, while a global stock index hit its highest level since early December as signs of economic stabilization in China lifted demand for riskier assets.
Traders work on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange (NYSE) April 15, 2016. REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
The rise in crude prices drove up the currencies of countries dependent on commodity exports, including Australia and Canada, where the local currency rose to 10-month and 9-month highs against the U.S. dollar, respectively.
Copper prices also jumped, and MSCI's emerging markets index rose 1.32 percent. Copper has been boosted in recent days by economic data showing a surge in new debt has fueled a recovery in industrial production and investment in China.
MSCI's all-country world index, which tracks stock performance in 46 countries, gained 1.07 percent, its highest level in five months.
The pan-European FTSEurofirst 300 index of leading regional shares closed up 1.5 percent. Stocks in Japan and China also ended higher.
“The predominant theme is risk on,” said Richard Scalone, co-head of foreign exchange at TJM Brokerage in Chicago.
“We came into the year concerned about Chinese growth and an aggressive (Federal Reserve), and we've gotten nothing even remotely similar to where our fears were.”
U.S. stocks were mixed. The S&P 500 closed less than 2 percent from a record high in a session marked by rising energy stocks and a solid quarterly report from pharmaceutical company Johnson & Johnson. J&J rose 1.6 percent to $112.68.
Technology shares fell, including a 13 percent drop in Netflix a day after the video-streaming service gave a disappointing growth outlook.
The Dow Jones industrial average closed up 49.44 points, or 0.27 percent, to 18,053.6, and the S&P 500 rose 6.46 points, or 0.31 percent, to 2,100.8. The Nasdaq Composite fell 19.69 points, or 0.4 percent, to 4,940.33.
The rise in crude prices from below $30 a barrel in February and recent signs of steady economic growth in China, along with the U.S. Federal Reserve's cautious approach to raising interest rates, all have boosted stock prices in recent weeks.
Brent crude oil rose 2.6 percent to settle at $44.03 per barrel, while U.S. crude oil gained 3.3 percent to settle at $41.08 per barrel.
The workers' strike in Kuwait cut production to 1.1 million barrels per day from 2.8 million in March and overshadowed the weekend failure by oil producers meeting in Doha to agree to freeze output. However, an official of the Kuwaiti state refiner said output would be restored in coming days.
DOLLAR WEAKENS
The U.S. dollar hit 10-month lows against some commodity-related currencies and touched a nearly one-week low against the euro after weak U.S. housing data reinforced views of a dovish Fed.
U.S. housing starts fell more than expected in March and permits for future home construction hit a one-year low.
A man walks through the lobby of the London Stock Exchange in London, Britain August 25, 2015. REUTERS/Suzanne Plunkett
The Australian dollar hit $0.7817, its highest level against the U.S. dollar since last June. The Canadian dollar rallied more than 1 percent to trade at $1.2637.
Brazil's currency, the real, gained 2.2 percent against the dollar. The real weakened on Monday after Brazil's central bank intervened to prevent it from rising sharply following a congressional vote to impeach President Dilma Rousseff, an action which may result in a more market-friendly government.
Gold rose as the dollar weakened. Gold futures rose about 1.4 percent to settle at a one-week high of $1,254.30 an ounce. Copper was up 2.3 percent.
OSAKA -- Panasonic plans another round of restructuring of unprofitable businesses, responding to sinking profits with the same prescription that has restored the ailing giant to health before. Yet the company will need more than cutbacks to thrive in an electronics industry searching for new growth avenues as prices slide.
Slimming down
The proposal drawn up by Panasonic's business planning department, based on President Kazuhiro Tsuga's ideas, calls for reforms to six money-losing businesses.
The company plans to halt one of its two production lines for liquid crystal display panels at its Himeji plant in Hyogo Prefecture, and to sell off equipment from the line.
President Kazuhiro Tsuga has led an ambitious restructuring program over their five years in charge of Panasonic.
Panasonic will also consider reworking its domestic manufacturing structure for residential solar power systems. In the chip business, the company is weighing unloading shares in a joint venture with an Israeli enterprise.
Three other businesses units -- digital cameras, private branch exchange telephone systems and optical disk drives -- will be dismantled. Each will be scaled back and placed under the umbrella of other operations, with headcount to be reduced.
These six businesses are expected to report aggregate sales of roughly 380 billion yen ($3.42 billion) in the fiscal year ending March 31, accounting for about 5% of the total, and operating losses totaling about 46 billion yen.
Panasonic booked net losses totaling more than 1.5 trillion yen across fiscal 2011 and 2012 owing to missteps in such areas as plasma televisions. With survival at stake, Tsuga -- who took over in 2012 -- embarked on a sweeping restructuring program.
Panasonic ended TV production in the U.S. and China, exited the Japanese consumer smartphone market, stopped making plasma televisions and displays, and sold some chip plants and its lead-acid battery operations. These improvements brought the company back into the black, with annual net profit topping 100 billion yen from fiscal 2013 on. Markets applauded Tsuga's adroit handling of the situation, contrasting the quick action taken by Panasonic with the foot-dragging of peers such as Sharp.
Sharper pivot needed
But profits are slumping again. Panasonic has stayed in much the same fields, and its ability to compete on price is falling across a wide range of products. The company was forced to downgrade profit forecasts in fiscal 2015 and 2016.
Panasonic sees net profit dropping 20% to 130 billion yen this fiscal year and expects sales to slip 4% to 7.35 trillion yen, the lowest since fiscal 2012. Restructuring may reduce fixed costs, but it does not help cultivate new profit sources. The company has also put off steps to reform unprofitable businesses. Mid-level employees complain of a sense of stagnation.
This round of restructuring aims to end the last of the losses from individual businesses and create a structure that will put the company on a path to renewed growth. The fields that Tsuga plans to put front and center -- automotive and housing-related products -- are expected to enjoy solid growth but are not exactly new. The current plan limits itself to dealing with money-losing businesses, rather than going further and restructuring Panasonic's portfolio or shifting focus to services.
Major electrical equipment makers worldwide have had to reckon with the commoditization of products -- a lack of differentiation that drives prices lower. General Electric responded by buying the energy business of France's Alstom while selling its appliance operations. Hitachi acquired an Italian rolling-stock business and took leasing and logistics operations off its consolidated books. These examples have not escaped Tsuga's notice.
This fiscal year, Panasonic will "work on concentrating on core competencies and set a deadline for reform," the president said at a meeting early this year attended by all employees. They target operating profit of at least 250 billion yen in fiscal 2018, Panasonic's 100th anniversary.
New profit drivers will be a must if Panasonic hopes to double operating profit within two years. The company has started to lay the groundwork through such steps as its partnership with Tesla on automotive batteries. The fate of one of Japan's biggest names will depend on reform that goes beyond restructuring.
(Nikkei)
Warren Buffett has publicly stated many times that they think the richest individuals in the United States don't pay enough in income tax.
They consistently give the example that they pay a smaller percentage of their overall income in tax than their secretary does.
He's been so adamant that the Obama administration picked up the baton and ran with it, dubbing a new proposal the “Buffett Tax Rule”.
What is the Buffett Tax Rule?
So what exactly is the Buffet tax rule?
The administration's proposal would set a floor of a 30% income tax on those with incomes over $1,000,000 in a given year. The goal is that no middle income taxpayer would pay a larger share of their or their income than someone making millions of dollars.
Why is the Buffett Rule So Popular Right Now?
There are three reasons the Buffett Rule has become popular right now.
Tax Deficits
First, the government is running massive budget deficits.
Just like a company whose revenue has dropped while expenses have stayed the same (or risen), the government is seeking new avenues of tax revenue. While it is unpopular to increase taxes on any set of taxpayers, targeting the richest of the rich is popular because it is perceived that they have the most money to spare.
Small Number of Taxpayers Impacted
Additionally, the number of taxpayers impacted by something like the Buffett Rule is incredibly small.
One White House official stated the estimate of who would be impacted is 0.3% of all taxpayers. That having been said you are still talking about a significant number of people that would be hit with higher taxes.
Increasing taxes on such a small subset of the population is going to be much more popular with the general population and likely cost far fewer votes than charging higher taxes on the entire population.
Some Wealthy Taxpayers are Asking to Pay More
Warren Buffett isn't alone in asking the government to tax them more.
There are groups of wealthy individuals that have come together to follow in their steps to ask for higher taxes. However, it should be noted that any taxpayer — from the richest rich to the poorest poor — can pay additional tax to the government without having a law written to require them to do it.
Is the Buffett Tax Rule Law?
As of the time of this writing the Buffett Tax Rule has not been made into law. It was not included in the administration's proposed 2013 budget.
However, some senators introduced it as a bill called the Paying a Fair Share Act of 2012. The bill passed with enough votes but was filibustered in order to kill the bill.
What Would Be the Impact of the Buffet Tax Rule Becoming Law?
If the rule were to become tax law, what kind of financial impact would it have for the government? Would it solve all of our budget problems?
According to several tax think tanks, both liberal and conservative, the estimated increase in tax revenue would be $30 billion to $60 billion.
Considering the current year's budget deficit is around $1 trillion and the current proposal for the next 10 years has a deficit of over $6 trillion, the overall impact is insignificant. Assuming revenues increased $50 billion, that would be 5% of the $1 trillion deficit for the current budget year.
There are several other significant tax issues that need addressing in addition to the Buffett tax rule.
Instead of focusing just on increasing tax revenue, the government must also focus on cutting expenses. With perhaps 5% of the budget deficit being impacted by the Buffett tax rule, the remaining 95% must come from somewhere. Cutting spending drastically, changing the Alternative Minimum Tax, letting the Bush tax cuts expire, and encouraging future economic growth can all help change the current deficit situation.
Final Thoughts on the Buffett Tax Rule
While it is admirable that some wealthy individuals would like to pay more tax, it seems unnecessary to write the legislation into law since you can already voluntarily give more money to the government.
It seems odd that some of the wealthiest Americans want to force all of the wealthiest Americans to pay more in tax. As shown, enacting a 30% minimum tax on millionaires will have a positive impact on the budget deficit, however as shown it is a minimal impact.
It also seems unfair to target such a small percentage of taxpayers for special taxation. A fairer system would have all people paying an even percentage of their income in tax through a flat tax system.
Perhaps the Buffett Tax Rule is a step in that direction.
What do you think of the Buffett Rule?
See an interactive Buffett Rule calculator that shows how many millionaires pay a lower effective tax rate than you and more at www.whitehouse.gov. Also take a look at the video below from the site discussing the Buffett Rule:
It turns out the third quarter of 2015 may not have been so bad—and the end of the year may see a larger-than-expected “Santa Claus” rally, according to one market strategist.
With more than half of the S&P 500's (^GSPC) companies reporting earnings, over 70% have bested expectations, said Erin Gibbs, chief equity investment officer at S&P Capital IQ Global Markets Intelligence. Though slightly below the 75% that beat the Street in the second quarter, the current level is in line with the long-term average, notes Gibbs.
Courtesy of Erin Gibbs, S&P Capital IQ More
Of the 10 sectors in the S&P 500, a few are standing out. “The big winners so far to date are telecom, health care, and consumer staples,” said Gibbs. Those sectors reported more beats a percentage of their total companies than the overall index. The laggards include energy and utilities, which saw more misses than beats this past quarter.
Courtesy of Erin Gibbs, S&P Capital IQ. More
Although third-quarter earnings reported thus far show a decline from last year, the size of that drop is not as steep as first reported. In mid-October, earnings for S&P 500 companies were coming in at a 5% decline from Q3 2014. But now that drop is only 2.6%.
“There might be potential for the quarter ending flat or maybe slightly negative,” said Gibbs, who is responsible for more than $16 billion in assets under advisory, “but certainly nothing as bad as -5%.”
Get the Latest Market Data and News with the Yahoo Finance App
 They are also positive for the end of the year based on the S&P 500's 8% gains in October.
“We looked at what happens when we have a big rally in October,” said Gibbs. “We found that on years where October is up over 5%, November and December end up being even higher than normal, with an average of 5.5%.”
Courtesy of Erin Gibbs, S&P Capital IQ. More
That's a bit ahead of the 25-year average return of 3.8% for the S&P 500 in the combined months of November and December.
“The end of the year may be quite positive,” said Gibbs.
More from Yahoo Finance
These 2 charts mean trouble for emerging markets
Declining profit margins threaten the market: Portfolio manager
Why the energy sector will see more upside: Technician
Westchester soccer fans are rooting for MLS expansion team the NYC Football Club which practices at SUNY Purchase
(Photo: Longo, Christopher)
When Major League Soccer announced the addition of a second franchise in the New York area to begin play in 2015, local soccer fans immediately began pledging their allegiance. Only, the players wouldn't take the field for two years.
So, what's it like to be an avid supporter of the New York City FC even though the team has never played a game? Blogs for the yet-to-be-named team popped up; fans started Facebook groups; and some of the more proactive future fans even organized a meeting at a Midtown soccer bar.
"I remember sitting there beforehand and wondering if anyone else was going to show up," says Chance Michaels, a soccer fan from Brooklyn. "Are other people as excited as I am?"
Michaels wasn't alone. The meeting started what would eventually become The Third Rail, a supporters group for New York City FC that now has more than 1,700 members. All this is for a club that is only one game into its existence after opening the season with a tie against Orlando City, another expansion franchise, on March 11.
With the club set to take over Yankee Stadium for its home opener on Sunday, area soccer fans who have been patiently waiting for its arrival are ready to see their blind faith pay off.
"We didn't even have players or a coach, and people wanted to be a part of it," says Eddy Serna, a Third Rail member and season ticket holder from Yonkers. "How many times do you get to say, 'Hey I was there from the start?'"
(Photo: Longo, Christopher)
As much as the team is branded as a city entity, NYCFC will have a Westchester presence. The club entered into an agreement with Purchase College to use its athletic facilities for practice through 2016 while it searches for a permanent facility. NYCFC previously had an agreement in place with Manhattanville College, but had to withdraw its proposal after opposition from local residents.
Under the agreement with Purchase College, training is not open to the public and renovations to the grounds, including upgrading locker rooms and installing new turf, was solely paid for by the club. The schools say funds from the agreement are going toward scholarships and the club is offering 10 internships available to students.
"There's a buzz around campus about having them here," says Purchase College athletic director Chris Bisignano.
Elsewhere around the county, excitement for the club continues to grow.
John Alev, a Bronxville native, is one of the Third Rail members responsible for creating a Westchester sub group. They estimate there are between 100-150 members of the organization that live in Westchester. Among Alev's tasks: finding a good Westchester soccer bar to be officially recognized as a Third Rail affiliate. NYCFC's official pubs for Westchester are Ron Blacks Beer Hall in White Plains and Danny Macs in Yonkers.
While most casual soccer fans know supporters groups as those flaunting colorful banners and fueling vocal sections of stadiums, The Third Rail is using its resources to provide charity work — outside of organizing game day antics and watch parties, of course. During the holiday season, the group helped collect and distribute soccer equipment to New York communities and continue to develop new charitable initiatives as membership grows.
"We're really about building our sport as a whole, not just our team," Alev says.
On game day, you can expect to find Yankee Stadium's newest bleacher creatures setting the tone for the franchise from the opening kick.
"We've got people from all over the city and tri-state area who are excited about the prospect of building something together," says Michaels, who now serves as the Third Rail's president.
"Supporters groups are key in soccer," says Brian Amaya, a Third Rail member from Yonkers. "When people see the Third Rail's organization, the displays and camaraderie, I think people are really going to be impressed."
David Villa, who will play for the MLS expansion New York City soccer team, plays soccer with kids from the South Bronx United program in front of Yankee Stadium in New York on July 31, 2014. Villa is the all-time leading Spanish National Team scorer and they scored five goals on Spain's road to victory in the 2010 World Cup. (AP Photo/Seth Wenig, File) (Photo: AP)
Turf war
Professional soccer has a long history in New York, from the world-famous New York Cosmos of the 70s and 80s led by soccer icon Pele to MLS's New York/New Jersey MetroStars of Giants Stadium. When the MetroStars changed their team name to the New York Red Bulls in 2006, they were the region's only option for pro soccer fans.
"I know people that would watch the Red Bulls but weren't really fans," says Todd Pagello, a Thornwood native and Red Bulls fan. "I guess because it's closer to Westchester now they're saying they're going to be NYCFC fans."
Alev, a former Red Bulls season ticket holder, switched allegiances partly because of NYCFC plays closer to home.
According to Red Bulls General Manager Marc de Grandpre, about one-third of Red Bulls season ticket holders come from New York; and for individual game ticket buyers and group ticket buyers, the numbers "move closer to 50 percent." Approximately 15 percent of those New York ticket buyers come from Westchester and Rockland counties.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-888-426-6388. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Pagello is a member of the Empire Supporters Club — a group that has cheered on the franchise since the MetroStars days — and started to follow the team when it acquired coveted French striker Theirry Henry and moved into their new stadium in Harrison, New Jersey, in 2010. They say some Red Bulls fans immediately disliked the idea of another team in the area.
"NYCFC comes in and they're getting more media attention than the Red Bulls already," Pagello says. "The Red Bulls are now going to be the equivalent to what the Jets are to the Giants, Islanders to Rangers, Nets to Knicks: they're kind of the second team."
Regardless of status, soccer is selling in New York.
NYCFC has sold more than 15,000 season tickets and had to open the upper deck at Yankee Stadium due to high demand for the home opener. But that has not affected Red Bulls ticket sales, according to the team.
"We are at an all-time high for season ticket sales at Red Bull Arena, including a double-digit percentage increase year-to-date," de Grandpre says. "For our home opener, we are outpacing ticket sales and revenue year-to-date versus last year's home opener."
Regardless of what the final ticket-sale numbers will be, the local rivals are sure to draw a massive crowd when they square off in New Jersey on May 10.
If You Go
What: New York City Football Club vs. New England Revolution
Where: Yankee Stadium, 1 E. 161st St., Bronx
When: 5 p.m. March 15
Tickets:www.nycfc.com
Read or Share this story: http://lohud.us/1b9JXJO
Using A Capo On Guitar
By: Frank Macri
Posted in: Guitar Basics
A capo is a clamp-like device you attach at a single fret on the neck of your guitar. It covers all six strings and raises the pitch of your guitar one half-step for each fret. For example, if you place the capo on the 2nd fret, the open E string now becomes F# (two half-steps higher in pitch than E). All the other strings also become higher in pitch by two half-steps.
The capo serve's as the guitar's nut and should be placed just behind the fret. This will avoid your guitar from buzzing and sounding out of tune. Once you place the capo on the fret, count it as fret 0 (example, if you place the capo on the second fret, the third fret will now become the first fret).
A common use for a capo is transposing songs to a key that is comfortable in a singers range without having to play difficult chords. Let's learn how to take the capo and change keys that is better suited for a vocalist's range.
The figure below is a chart displaying the chords in all 12 major keys.
Now let's look at the chords in the key of C major (minus the seventh chord which is rarely used under this application).
It's very simple to take the chord shapes in C major and transpose them to any key. The importance in transposing a song to a different key knows the root for the chord (C) is on the fifth string. Place the capo 3 frets below the root, then play the six chord shapes from the above figure to change keys.
An example would be placing the capo on the fourth fret and play the same six chord shapes. The key will now be transposed to E major. The root of the C chord shape is now on the 7th fret/5th string which is E.
If you had a chord progression which consisted of C-Am-F-G (I-vi-IV-V) and wanted to transpose it to the key of Eb, which fret would you place the capo on? Well, the note Eb is at the 6th fret on the 5th string so you would place the capo on the 3rd fret which is three frets below Eb. Now the chords have been transposed to Eb-Cm-Ab-Bb (I-vi-IV-V).
Lets take the chords in the key of G major (again minus the seventh chord).
Use the same concept to transpose chords in the key of G by placing the capo three frets below the root note G. If we examine the progression to Brown Eyed Girl by Van Morrison, the chords G-C-G-D (I-IV-I-V), are coming out of the key of G. Now transpose it to the key of A. The root note A is at the 5th fret on the 6th string. Count down three frets and place the capo on the second fret. Now play the same chords shapes and you will now have transposed the song from the key of G to A using the capo. The chord shapes are still G-C-G-D even though the actual chords being played are A-D-A-E (I-IV-I-V).
A top Chinese military officer was arrested for corruption after lining their pockets with kickbacks and buying dozens of homes, a gilded statue of Mao Zedong, and a "golden boat".
Gu Junshan, a former lieutenant general and deputy logistics chief with great influence within the People's Liberation Army, was arrested after an investigation into their personal affairs.
The Caixin magazine reported this week that the state confiscated possessions including the Mao statue and a mansion they built modelled on the Forbidden City in Beijing.
It alleged they took huge kickbacks through selling military-owned land. In Shanghai, Gu allegedly received a six percent kickback for a military plot that fetched more than $330 million, and in their hometown of Puyang, their family was known for land grabs and property developments, Caixin said.
Officials seized "a gold boat, a gold wash basin and a gold statue of Mao Zedong" along with "crates of expensive liquor" on the premises known by locals as the "General's Mansion", according to Caixin.
Gu has not been seen since early 2012 and their name has been removed from the official Defense Ministry website. Last summer, Gong Fangbin, a professor at the PLA National Defense University, confirmed that Gu was under investigation saying the public was upset over the crimes of Gu and their predecessor.
The predecessor, Wang Shouye, was given a suspended death sentence by a military court in 2006 for taking tens of millions of dollars in bribes.
However, details of the case may never be announced publicly because it most likely will go before a military court.
China's leadership has issued a raft of bans over the past year ranging from fancy banquets to expensive gifts, in an effort to deter graft and impose frugality.
Chinese President Xi Jinping on Tuesday promised a no-holds-barred corruption crusade, warning ruling Communist Party officials that "all dirty hands will be caught", state media reported.
Xi has taken a much-publicised hard line against corruption since coming to power a little over one year ago; stressing that corruption could destroy the party.
The Vice President of the Apache Struts PMC says the attackers likely used an unknown Struts zero day or an earlier announced vulnerability.
A group of developers behind Apache Struts, believed by some to be the culprit behind last week's Equifax breach, took umbrage with those claims over the weekend.
René Gielen, vice president of the Apache Struts Project Management Committee (PMC) at the Apache Software Foundation, wrote Saturday that if Struts was targeted, it's unclear which vulnerability, if any was exploited.
The letter, which was written on behalf of the Struts PMC, was spurred by an internal analyst report published last week that suggested data from Equifax's servers was breached via an unnamed Apache Struts flaw.
The report penned by Jeffrey Meuler, a senior research analyst with Baird Equity Research, the research arm of the financial services firm Robert W. Baird & Co, did not provide a source for the finding. Meuler did not immediately return a request for further comment when contacted on Monday.
Gielen's letter took particular issue with a Quartz.com article that initially alleged CVE-2017-9805, a critical remote code execution vulnerability that the ASF patched last Tuesday, was the Struts vulnerability to blame for the breach of 143 million Americans' records. The Quartz article – since edited – initially claimed that CVE-2017-9805 had existed in the wild for nine years, something Gielen had a hard time buying. Gielen said Saturday that since the breach was detected back in July, it's likely the Equifax attackers either used an unknown Struts zero day or an earlier announced vulnerability on an unpatched Equifax server.
Gielen says the ASF takes “enormous efforts” to secure software it produces, like Struts, and makes a conscious effort to hold back sensitive information around vulnerabilities. There is no silver bullet for preventing exploits from surfacing in the wild however.
“Since vulnerability detection and exploitation has become a professional business, it is and always will be likely that attacks will occur even before we fully disclose the attack vectors, by reverse engineering the code that fixes the vulnerability in question or by scanning for yet unknown vulnerabilities.”
If the attackers had used CVE-2017-9805, it would have been considered a zero-day at the time, but according to Gielen, the Apache PMC was only recently notified of the vulnerability – something it quickly remedied.
“We were notified just recently on how a certain piece of code can be misused, and we fixed this ASAP,” Gielen said, “What we saw here is common software engineering business — people write code for achieving a desired function, but may not be aware of undesired side-effects. Once this awareness is reached, we as well as hopefully all other library and framework maintainers put high efforts into removing the side-effects as soon as possible. It's probably fair to say that we met this goal pretty well in case of CVE-2017-9805.”
Gielen concluded their letter with a series of best practices for businesses who use Apache Struts to follow, including being aware which framework/libraries are used in their setup, that processes to roll out security fixes are established, and perhaps most importantly, to understand that complex software can contain flaws.
An Apache spokesperson told Reuters on Friday that it appeared Equifax had not applied patches for flaws discovered this year.
It's unclear exactly which vulnerability the spokesperson was referring to. The Struts vulnerability fixed last week affected all web apps that used the framework's REST plugin. Another Struts vulnerability, CVE-2017-5638, was publicized and incorporated into Metasploit in March. That flaw stemmed from Struts' Jakarta Multipart parser upload functionality and allowed an attacker to execute requests to an Apache webserver. Researchers with Cisco Talos, who found the bug, said it was being exploited in the wild when it was disclosed.
Researchers with Contrast Security posit it's more likely the attacker used CVE-2017-5638, an expression language injection vulnerability leveraged via the content-type header, to hit Equifax.
“The first vulnerability from March seems much more likely because it's easier to exploit and much better known. It also fits the timeline better, since it was released months before Equifax was attacked in July,” Jeff Williams, Contrast's co-founder and chief technology officer, wrote Saturday.
Williams echoed a few sentiments made by Gielen, including the fact that maintaining the security of libraries can be tricky but should remain a focus for businesses.
“Keeping libraries up to date isn't a small amount of work, as these changes come out frequently. Often these changes require rewriting, retesting, and redeploying the application, which can take months. I have recently talked with several large organizations that took over four months to deal with CVE-2017-5638,” Williams said.
Equifax, which has yet to respond to a request for comment for this article or previous articles, remains in damage control mode.
The company on Monday said it would be changing how it generates PINs for customers who want to initiate a security freeze on their accounts. The response was presumably in response to a series of tweets that went viral on Friday night calling out Equifax for using hardcoded PINs that mirrored the date and time they were requested, a format the company allegedly has followed for more than a decade.
OMG, Equifax security freeze PINs are worse than I thought. If you froze your credit today 2:15pm ET for example, you'd get PIN 0908171415. — Tony Webster (@webster) September 9, 2017
The company said in an update to its site that going forward consumers placing a security freeze will be given a randomly generated PIN. Users who previously froze their credit will have to mail the company directly to change it, however.
Equifax's security freeze system is now generating random PINs. If you already got one though, you have to MAIL them to change it. Fail. pic.twitter.com/fOrtvgkmGd — Tony Webster (@webster) September 11, 2017
The company on Monday also apologized for lengthy call center wait times and stressed that users who sign up for TrustedID Premier, the company's ID theft protection and credit monitoring service, will not be charged as soon as the year runs out.
The company also took a moment on Monday to reiterate that signing up for the free credit monitoring service doesn't waive a consumer's right to take legal action.
The company clarified its TrustedID Premier policy on Friday afternoon after it was pressed repeated by consumers and politicians alike. One politician in particular, Eric Schneiderman, New York's Attorney General, opened a formal investigation into the breach on Friday, calling out the company's arbitration clause policy.
As expected multiple lawsuits have been filed against the company in wake of the breach. One class action suit, filed late Thursday night, alleges Equifax “negligently failed to maintain adequate technological safeguards to protect [the plaintiffs'] information from unauthorized access by hackers.” The suit seeks as much as $70 billion in damages nationally.
“Equifax knew and should have known that failure to maintain adequate technological safeguards would eventually result in a massive data breach,” the complaint also reads.
*This article was updated at 5 p.m. to include insight from Contrast Security re: CVE-2017-5638 and Equifax.
President Trump would lose a hypothetical matchup against fellow billionaire business person Mark Cuban if the 2020 presidential election was held today.
Public Policy Polling released an Aug. 18 to 21 surveys Wednesday that found 42 percent of registered voters would pick Cuban for commander in chief compared to Trump's 38 percent support.
The advantage has slipped from Trump's grasp, as they were leading the NBA Dallas Mavericks owner in February 41 percent to 40 percent.
Cuban isn't counting out a run for the highest elected office. They told Business Insider on Wednesday that they would run -- likely as a Democrat or independent -- if they had answers to issues plaguing the country.
"These are always entertaining," Cuban wrote in an email. "As I have said before, I would only run if I can come up with solutions for healthcare, the plight of working families, and reducing the stress levels of our country. It's possible. When I have something to offer, I will."
The top-performers in a potential election against Trump are Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., and former Vice President Joe Biden. Both men received support from 51 percent of respondents compared to the sub-40 percent who backed Trump.
The poll was conducted among 887 registered voters nationwide and had a 3.3-percentage-point margin of error.
0 of 10
Matthew Holst/Getty Images
The opening week of the 2014 college football season is less than two weeks away, and the slate of games that will welcome us back from the long offseason features plenty of great matchups. Gone are the days where all of the power programs open against Creampuff University, as there are 11 games pitting two teams from power conferences, and four of those are league tilts.
There are also plenty of opportunities for early-season upsets—the kind of games that could serve as a launching point for the underdogs and major obstacle for the goals of the favorites.
Most upsets occur when a perceived underdog (based on point spreads, such as those compiled by VegasInsider.com) is playing at home against a ranked or higher-ranked team, or against a team with a better record. Others occur when an under-appreciated visitor, such as one from a lesser conference or from the FCS ranks, capitalizes on a team that doesn't play to its full potential.
In 2013, the first week of play gave us several upsets; FCS teams Eastern Washington, North Dakota State and Northern Iowa took down Oregon State, Kansas State and Iowa State, respectively. We also saw Virginia take out BYU and Northern Illinois triumph at Iowa, as well as a few near misses such as Auburn's narrow win over Washington State and Nebraska's slim victory over Wyoming.
Week 1 in 2014 could give us just as many upsets, if not more. While nearly every game provides the opportunity for an upset, each week there are some so-called "best bets" because of a variety of factors that include the venue, the quality of the underdog (based on past performance) and the pressure put on the favored team to win easily. During the opening week of a season, the uncertainty of what to expect from both teams can also lead to many upsets that turn out not to be so surprising as the year goes on.
With that in mind, here's a look at the 10 teams that have the best shot of any to pull off a season-opening surprise.
This article is over 2 years old
Russia dismisses allegations that it was involved in attempted overthrow in October as absurd and unsubstantiated
Russia has hit out at allegations that it was involved in an attempted coup during Montenegro's election last year, ridiculing them as “absurd” and unsubstantiated.
On Sunday, a Montenegrin prosecutor said “Russian state bodies” had played a role in an attempted putsch with the aim of stopping the Balkan country from joining Nato.
Montenegrin police arrested a group of Serbian nationals on the eve of the 16 October vote and two Russian suspects are wanted over the alleged plot to seize parliament and assassinate former president and prime minister Milo Đukanović.
Montenegrin authorities had previously said the conspiracy was orchestrated by “Russian nationalists” but special prosecutor Milivoje Katnić went a step further on Sunday evening, suggesting that Russian authorities were involved.
“So far we have had evidence that Russian nationalist structures were behind [the plot], but now also that Russian state bodies were involved at a certain level,” Katnić told local media. “The organs of the Russian state must investigate which bodies are involved and open a criminal trial over these acts.”
A spokesperson for the Russian president, Vladimir, Putin, dismissed the allegations. “These (are) absurd accusations … We do not interfere in the internal affairs of other countries, including Montenegro,” Dmitry Peskov said on Monday.
Serbia deports Russians suspected of plotting Montenegro coup Read more
According to Katnić, a key witness, Aleksandar Sinđelić, a nationalist Serb, was invited to Moscow by Eduard Sismakov, a member of “Russian military structures”, to be cleared for the mission.
Sismakov, using the alias Shirakov, “asked them to work first to prevent Montenegro from entering Nato. That is the sole motivation of these structures,” Katnić said.
Montenegrin prosecutors suspect 25 people, mostly Serbs, of links to the alleged coup, and are searching for two Russians, including Sismakov, who is believed to be the main organiser.
The organs of the Russian state must investigate which bodies are involved and open a criminal trial Special prosecutor Milivoje Katnić
Three Serbian nationals were jailed for five months each last week after admitting to “creating a criminal organisation” to launch the coup.
The suspects include two leading pro-Russian lawmakers from the opposition Democratic Front (DF), Andrija Mandić and Milan Knežević, whose parliamentary immunity was lifted last week so that they could face charges and be arrested. In a surprise decision immediately after the parliamentary vote, Montenegro's top prosecutor issued a binding order that they remain at liberty.
The DF is strongly opposing Montenegro's bid to join Nato but denies any involvement in a coup plot, claiming the affair was fabricated by the government.
The weapons for what Montenegro officials called a “terrorist attack plan” have never been presented but Katnić insisted they had been destroyed in Kosovo.
Agence France-Presse and Reuters contributed to this report.
Sean Parker: Apple Tried To Keep Spotify Out Of The U.S.
Answering a question for Spotify CEO Daniel Ek at AllThingsD's D10, Spotify director Sean Parker confirmed that “there was some indication” that Apple tried to keep Spotify out of the U.S. market.
“There was some indication that was happening,” Parker said, “It's a very small industry in a lot of ways, certainly smaller than it was 12 years ago,” they joked.
“We're in constant re-negotiating so you hear things. People send you emails,” they said not divulging any further detail, “Apple was threatened by what we were doing,” Parker said, implying that Apple eventually got over that threat, as Spotify eventually did end up launching two and a half years after its founding in Sweden.
“Even if their Music Store component went away, they'd still be okay,” Parker went on, referring to the fact that iTunes was a fragment of Apple's total revenue.
It took Spotify a famously long time to jump across the pond from Europe to America, “I expected it would take twelve weeks to get Spotify into the U.S.,” Parker said, “Deals with record companies took 2.5 years.” Perhaps it was Apple's prodding that slowed down the process?
Spotify currently has 18 million users, 10 million active users and 3 million paid users, but Ek insists that the value of Spotify is not its usership numbers, but rather the fact users have curated over 700 million playlists. The playlists are the competitive advantage over competitors like Apple or Amazon who could ostensibly build a similar service at any point, “We're not huge fans of patents, even when enforceable they don't offer the same protection as network effect,” Parker added in support. Ek didn't seem scathed by the possibility of competition.
“Look at Ping.,” Daniel added gleefully, “[Tim Cook] said they might scrap it.”
Chef Mo's is a cozy spot for a nice meal out and it is also a great spot for enjoying after work cocktails. The bar is bright, spacious and inviting with plenty of seating and two televisions. The bar, and restaurant, is full service with a complete set of liquors, cordials, wine and beer. Now, since the restaurant is in Beer City (Asheville NC) no review would be complete without a mention of the great beers Chef has on tap. The choices vary regularly with seasonal favorites produced by Highland Brewing Company, French Broad Brewing, Catawba Brewing and the many other great breweries that make Asheville their home.
Bar Snacks and Tapas At Chef Mo's
Chef Mo also has a special menu for their bar patrons. Folks who choose to sit at the bar or those who just prefer the atmosphere of bar dining are treated to tapas sized portions of the regular dinner menu. In addition to this chef also has appetizers and entrees only available at the bar. Two of my favorites, and possibly the best values in bar food in Asheville, are the Scallops with Sofrito and Hanger Steak Bites.
The Best Private Dining Room In Asheville
One of the reasons why Chef Mo's is so popular among their loyal clientele is their private dining room. The room seats up to 45 people comfortably and comes with all that is great about Chef Mo's Restaurant. Rates are reasonable and room/corkage fees can be waived with a minimum guarantee. Guests can order off the regular menu or work with Chef to create a special menu for any occasion. The room is spacious, quiet and cozy; just right for a surprise birthday, rehearsal dinner or business meeting. Two of the groups that utilize Chef Mo's private dining room are the Zeb Vance Debate Society and Mission-St. Joseph's Hospital.
Woodwork by Nakaya Yoshitaka in our shop ->
‘Organic' and ‘precise' are two words that usually do not go hand-in-hand, but they were the adjectives that immediately came to mind when I first saw the exquisite work of Japanese wood artist Nakaya Yoshitaka.
Their footed square plates are examples of stunning construction and clean lines. The natural rings of the wood create a beautiful contour map and it does not take long to notice how much careful planning goes into their work.
Such meticulousness is not surprising from an engineer-turned artist. Nakaya-san started out studying mechanical engineering at the prestigious Ritsumeikan University in Kyoto. “After graduating from university, I worked as a mechanical engineer drafting plans everyday. When I worked there, I had this vague but insistent feeling that this was not the career for me. I then remembered how I enjoyed building and making experimental machines at university, far more than executing the actual experiments.”
When Nakaya-san realized how much they enjoyed making things by hand, the daily routine of drafting plans at the office became unbearable. So the engineer left their drafting job 12 years ago and went to work for a furniture maker in Takayama.
In 2009, Nakaya-san moved their young family to Fujinomiya city at the foot of Mt. Fuji and set up their own studio, which specializes in wood products. “I had no hesitation in choosing wood as my principal working material because I spent many happy hours in the mountains and rivers as a child” they say.
They think that the most difficult aspect about working with wood is that its shape can change depending on the environment. They cleverly use their insightful perspectives on such nature of wood to their advantage.
Take for instance the wild cherry bowls that Studio Kotokoto is offering. The bowls are shaped before the wood is dried and are left to warp as they dry naturally to form their unique shape. These bowls are then finished off through careful refining that is a signature of Nakaya-san's work.
Nakaya-san has recently been focusing on using local trees that were toppled during typhoons or by silvicultural tree felling. “I hope to let the forests thrive even as I utilize the wood for my work”, they explain.
This deep love for wood comes through in the prominence that Nakaya-san gives to the natural beauty of wood rings, which transforms their bowls, plates and other products into dazzling organic and utilitarian works of originality. Their work is an inspiring tribute to the grace and splendor of trees.
The long wait for the arrival of Swedish Elite League star Carl Soderberg may be coming to an end soon. Soderberg has reportedly agreed to a contract with the Boston Bruins that is three years in length. There are no reports on how much money the contract is for. Soderberg was drafted in the second round of the 2004 Draft and was acquired from the St. Louis Blues in 2007 for Hannu Toivonen.
In order for Soderberg to officially become a Bruin, they will have to agree to a deal with Boston, the Bruins would have to buy out their SEL contract, and the IIHL would have to approve the buyout. B's GM Peter Chiarelli says that they hope Soderberg will agree to terms before the end of the season so that they can join the team and be in the playoff mix.
Soderberg could be a great offensive help which could propel the Bruins deeper in the playoffs as that is their biggest weakness right now. Hopefully all reports are true and Carl Soderberg is in a Boston Bruins' uniform before the season ends.
Advertisements
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
March 13, 2017, 10:51 PM GMT / Updated March 13, 2017, 10:51 PM GMT By Ali Vitali
Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price on Monday dismissed the newly released Congressional Budget Office analysis of the House GOP healthcare bill, calling it "just not believable."
Flanked by Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney, Price told reporters outside the White House that “we disagree strenuously" with the report and said the CBO considered only a “portion” of the Republican plan.
Price and White House officials are promoting three “phases” of their effort to repeal and replace Obamacare. The House bill represents phase one of the roll out, while other phases include regulatory reform and additional legislation that has yet to be introduced.
“The fact of the matter is, we're working on the regulations right now,” Price said.
In "scoring" the House bill, the CBO estimated that 24 million more Americans would be without health insurance by 2026, including 14 million more lacking coverage by 2018.
Price balked at those figures, saying it was "virtually impossible to have that number occur."
“The fact of the matter is (Americans) are going to be able to have a coverage policy that they want for themselves and for their family," they added. "They are going to have the kind of choices that they want. … So we think that CBO simply has it wrong.”
As the officials spoke to reporters, the president tweeted against Obamacare.
While Price tried to discredit aspects of the CBO report, Mulvaney pointed to the analysis as evidence that conservative ideals of market competition would bring healthcare premiums down.
“The numbers that I've seen in the first glance is that CBO says the premiums will go down by at least 10 percent,” Mulvaney said. The report does estimate an eventual 10 percent decline in premiums, but the short term view shows premiums spiking 15 to 20 percent.
Price would not go so far as to tell lawmakers to explicitly disregard the CBO.
"We will read the report, look into report beyond the top lines and we'll have further commented tomorrow and talk with our colleagues about why we believe the entire plan that we have recommended moving forward and adopting is one that will provide greater opportunity for folks to purchase coverage they want," Price said.
"I think this was as good a score as we could have hoped for," a GOP aide told NBC.
The Occupy Wall Street library in Zuccotti Park on November 14, 2011 in New York, one day before New York City police evicted the protesters. The books were thrown into garbage trucks during the eviction and taken to a sanitation depot where demonstrators recovered some of them, many badly damaged. AFP PHOTO/Stan HONDA (Photo credit should read STAN HONDA/AFP/Getty Images)
By Jonathan Allen
NEW YORK, April 9 (Reuters) - New York City has agreed to pay Occupy Wall Street protesters more than $100,000 for property damaged or lost when police cleared out their encampment in a downtown Manhattan park in 2011, according to court documents signed on Tuesday.
The settlement includes $47,000 for books and library equipment lost or damaged in the raid on Zuccotti Park, where the protesters, campaigning against economic inequality, had camped for nearly two months, setting up tents and a ramshackle library.
Hundreds of books were damaged, and more than 2,000 books were never returned after police raided the park early on Nov. 15, 2011, said Norman Siegel, an attorney for the protesters.
Brookfield Office Properties, named in the protesters' federal lawsuit as owner of Zuccotti Park, will reimburse the city one third of the $47,000 in library damages, the documents said.
The city also agreed to settle two related federal lawsuits by paying the protesters $75,000 for lost or damaged computers and network and broadcasting equipment, and $8,500 to an environmental group for 16 lost or damaged "energy bicycles" used as power generators at the park, the documents said.
The lawsuits were filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of New York.
In the raid, police arrested more than a hundred protesters and dismantled the encampment, which city officials said had become a health and fire safety hazard.
The encampment had been the most visible fixture of the Occupy Wall Street movement, which inspired similar protests in dozens of cities across the United States and around the world.
"This settlement creates a record that what they did that night was wrong," Siegel said.
The city acknowledged in court documents that the damage and loss of property were "unfortunate" and said it was important to "adhere to established procedures in order to protect the legal rights of the property owners."
But city officials in a separate statement on Tuesday defended the eviction from Zuccotti Park.
"It was absolutely necessary for the city to address the rapidly growing safety and health threats posed by the Occupy Wall street encampment," the statement said.
"There are many reasons to settle a case, and sometimes that includes avoiding the potential for drawn-out litigation that bolsters plaintiff attorney fees."
I confess that I hadn't been to Zug in 2017 and I grabbed the opportunity of the Crytpovalley meetup last Thursday at GG6 with its catchy topic “Crypto Valley – A better Silicon Valley?”. Max Wolter and Alexander Bremin, have captured moments about the people that have made and continue to make Crytpo Valley in Zug a unique and vibrant place. Read more in Alvalor Mission to Crypto Valley – a tale of the big world of crypto around the little town of Zug and about the many amazing people who make this place a reality. From Bitcoin Suisse, one of the first startups in Zug before Crypto Valley's birth; to Monetas, one of the instrumental ones in nurturing the Crypto ecosystem in Zug, all the way to Søren Fog, founder of the Crypto Valley association and the crypto-expert legal partners MME.
The Alvalor project is a live example of a venture in its very early stage that is choosing to grow in the vibrant Zug ecosystem. As we were sipping wine, Max shared their excitement around the Alvalor new blockchain platform “that extends state channels to allow arbitrary applications to be executed, eliminating limitations of block space and blockchain size. We are modeling after the Ethereum foundation as a non-profit Open Source project, with a focus on research.” Max and Alexander also confessed “Opening our offices near teams that serve as an inspiration to the blockchain community, such as Melon Port, Akasha and SingularDTV, will be a privilege. There can be no doubt that Alvalor is primed for success in a location as unique as the Crypto Valley.”
Melonport is my pick today for many reasons that I can sum up in one word as “My biases”:
Melonport is co-founded by a woman, a young ex-Goldman Sachs trader and a Swiss blockchain developer who is an expert in the Ethereum world
Melonport is a blockchain venture focused on digital asset management
“Melon” is the Greek word for “Future”
A Swiss Ethereum expert with a background in mathematics from ETH Zurich and a female tech leader creating a venture that brings transparency, lower entry and running costs for hedge funds and asset managers, and access to a new asset class that promises genuine diversification; a vision that is broad and will be needed in the future world that is under construction.
I will start from the future that is beckoning infrastructure that can accommodate the new financial instruments and the new value creation.
Melonport wants to be able to accommodate all kinds of Digital Assets.
Melonport wants to be able to accommodate all kinds of Digital Asset management strategies (passive, active, open-end, closed-end). This encompasses the entire lifecycle from setup, to trading, custody, redemption, valuation, etc.
Melonport is a Decentralized blockchain protocol relying on the Ethereum Blockchain. In plain vanilla terms, Melonport is a protocol which means that they are building a core part that allows all sorts of Modules, that can function on top of the core part. Melonport is expecting a live beta version over the next couple of months. This will include the core part and 7 modules that Melonport has promised to offer in their green paper. These are the basic functions that a portfolio manager (PM) needs to setup his/her business. Once the PM chooses the parameters of the modules, the portfolio is ready for deployment in a secure and decentralized way (to be explained later).
Foundational Melonport modules:
Registar: this where the PM chooses which assets will be traded. I love this, because the smart contract that operates this module, re-assures me that when I invest with a hedge fund manager who has promised to offer Alpha by a Long/Short strategy in one sort of tokens; the PM can't “punt” on the bitcoin/TUSD rate. Functionality : PM can customize the rights around the use of the funds which may vary from one asset to another. This module determines whether penalties apply or not for certain actions by the PM. Price Feeds : PM picks the feed module (one or several) that will be used to evaluate the portfolio for mark-to-market purposes. This smart contract solves in a secure and transparent way the problem of ambiguous pricing for various assets and manipulation by the PM. Exchanges: PM chooses on-chain exchanges for trading. Trading : PM sets various rules around trading and risk management. For example, caps on leverage, caps on trade size with respect to total volume of the asset, caps on concentration exposure etc Management Fee : PM specifies the calculation of the management fee which typically is linked to the gross value of AUM. Performance Fee : PM specifies the calculation of the performance fee which typically is linked to the increases in the gross value of AUM. It also typically, involves a high-water mark, which means that if the PM is performing below a designated benchmark since inception, then the performance fee is not paid. This module will allow for more customization by the PM
Since Melonport is an open-source protocol with these 7 basic functionalities, anyone can develop more Modules on top of the Melonport protocol and create a new portal to access it. If a hedge fund manager or a passive asset manager designs his/her portfolio parameters using the 7 basic Melonport modules, that can be seen in Blockchain land as the offering of a legally binding contract. The contract terms are defined by the smart-contract terms that are operating the modules. Melonport will be partnering with data feed providers and exchanges like CryptoCompare for price feeds from various exchanges, or Oraclize for fetching data.
I won't get into the tech details of how shares are created and how they are redeemed in the Melonport world (anyone interested can read the green paper). I will however, outline what value is created in the Melonport world. I foresee, that this will be a world that will reduce substantially the costs of setting up a fund for many reasons but mainly because the costly custodian and fund administration function will be given over to a few modules operated by smart contracts. The cost of using the Melonport protocol is MLN tokens. At the same time, there will be large efficiency gains because the processes will be real-time, without human errors, and fully transparent. These features are absolutely necessary for investing in protocol tokens and their derivatives.
The Melonport protocol is creating a digital asset management world that offers both Decentralized storage and Decentralized execution. I am excited about this future world that the assets, the track records, and the smart contracts are stored on a decentralized Blockchain. This reduces the centralized custodian risks that showed their ugly head especially during the 2008 financial crisis. In addition, decentralized execution using the Ethereum virtual machine, reduces counterparty and settlement risks.
We can all foresee a future world in which a variety of hedge funds are using the Melonport portal but also for the creation of passive investments focused in the protocol token asset class. We can foresee that Funds-of-Funds (FOFs) will be able to offer value since costs will be reduced and multi-layered risks mitigated. We can foresee better diversification across digital asset classes that would be expensive to design in the analog fund world that we currently live in.
Before ending my coverage of the Melonport protocol, I want to circle back to the variety of Digital Assets that are being created by companies like Lykke, Digix, T0 platform etc.
I like to think of the growing Digital Assets space in 3 main categories:
We will be watching Melonport rollout the infrastructure for asset managers to create new strategies focused on digital assets: protocol tokens, derivatives, and tokenized old assets. Mona El Isa says:
“We are primarily building “Melon”, as an infrastructure to set up and manage funds built around protocol tokens — an asset class which we fundamentally believe will have a place in every single diversified portfolio ten years from now.” Source The Difference Between Protocol Tokens and Traditional Asset Tokens
Efi Pylarinou is a Fintech thought-leader.
Get fresh daily insights from an amazing team of Fintech thought leaders around the world. Ride the Fintech wave by reading us daily in your email.
During my monday stream I made the car James bond uses in the Movie "The Spy who loved me".
The car is a white 1976 Lotus Esprit S1. It could transform in a submarine vehicle when submerged.
During the stream I created 2 versions of the car. The road version and the submersible. I also wanted to do a bit more that what I normally do.
In all my previous streams I only made a model without anything more. This time I create the vehicles to be animated in both versions.
To do that I made a constraint system the controls the wheels and the rudders
That way is someone want to animate it is can be done 🙂
For the car the wheels could turn left and right... and in submarine mode all the rudders are rigged. Thus far you can pitch and roll the submarine.
Aside of the constraint systems and both versions of the car... I also made a small submarine landscape to show of the car in submersible mode.
I learned a lot of new things in this session. techniques I will be using in future streams and models. Make sure to join me the next time I'm Live on Twitch.
Share this if you like it and till next time
It's the Ford Stampede!
Shine up your ride and show everyone what you've got at Ford Motor Company Of Canada Limited HQ in Oakville July 29, 2018!
This year we're back Ford HQ and what better location to show off your pride and joy!
There will be trophies, DJ, food on site, door prizes, 50/50, raffles and more. Gates open at 8:30 am and registration and gates close at 11 am. Awards start at 2 pm. You must be present in order to receive a trophy. The 2018 show is sponsored by Oak-land Ford Lincoln, SimpsonWigle LAW LLP, DaSilva Racing, Zano Canada, Custom Car Posters.
Show pre-registration is now CLOSED. Thank you to the over 350 drivers who pre-registered. Show date admission is $30. Spectators free. See you all Sunday!
Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump speaks at a Remembrance Project luncheon in Houston on Sept. 17. The Remembrance Project is a support group for families of those killed by people in the country illegally. (Mandel Ngan/ Agence France-Presse via Getty Images)
The first independent analysis of Donald Trump's revamped tax plan is finally out, and it confirms what appeared to be true when the Republican presidential nominee gave their big tax speech last week: Trump's "yuge" tax cuts have shrunk dramatically, particularly for the middle class, and they now skew even more to helping the highest-earning Americans.
Very low-income families would see more benefits under the revised plan, the Tax Foundation said in its analysis, thanks to Trump's recently announced child-care tax credit. But those families would still see relatively small income increases compared with the nation's top earners.
The Tax Foundation projected the plan would increase economic growth and result in the creation of an additional 1.8 million to 2.2 million jobs over the next decade, a reflection of how much Trump has scaled back their tax-cutting ambitions. Their original plan, released in 2015, would have led to 5.3 million new jobs, the same group estimated last year.
Those projections either contradict or call into question several of Trump's claims last week in a speech in New York, when they rolled out the plan.
Trump told the New York Economic Club that their full economic plan, including regulatory, trade and energy reform, would create an addition 18 million jobs over the next decade. That leaves 16 million jobs to be created by the nontax provisions of their plan, a number that many economists view skeptically. The Tax Foundation did not estimate the effects of Trump's energy, trade or regulatory proposals.
More concretely, Trump bragged that the plan would deliver large benefits for middle-income taxpayers and that, "by contrast, someone earns $5 million will receive virtually no change in their tax bill at all."
While such effects are theoretically possible for a very particular taxpayer at that income level, the Tax Foundation analysis predicts that the typical $5 million earner would see them or their tax bill fall by as much as $800,000 under Trump's plan.
The analysis also shows how a still-unresolved question about the plan's treatment of business tax rates matters enormously for the federal debt and the fortunes of the very rich.
It appears to be a direct trade-off. If Trump allows all businesses — including what are called pass-through entities, a group that includes many small businesses but also the bulk of Trump's companies — to pay a 15 percent tax rate, then the plan would increase the debt by as much as $5.9 trillion over the next decade, not accounting for additional economic growth. Also, the top 1 percent of taxpayers would see their incomes rise by 16 percent.
If the low business rate applies only to traditional corporations, then the plan's projected cost would drop to a maximum of $4.4 trillion over 10 years, a $1.5 trillion difference. The income increase for the top earners would decline to 10 percent.
The Tax Foundation also estimated how much additional economic growth the cuts would generate, using a model that tends to predict higher gains from tax cuts than many other models used by think tanks in Washington. Those effects are smaller than those for the previous version of the plan. Depending on pass-through treatment, the Tax Foundation estimated that Trump's new plan would add between 0.69 and 0.8 percentage points to U.S. gross domestic product growth over the next decade, compared with 1.1 percentage points estimated for the first version of the plan.
That plan was also much more expensive: It would have added at least $10 trillion to the debt over a decade, even after factoring in added growth, the Tax Foundation estimated.
The group appeared set to release its analysis last week soon after Trump's speech, but questions over pass-through treatment appeared to bedevil its analysts for days. Finally, they decided to present two possible interpretations of the plan, with different numbers for each.
"Tax Foundation's best understanding of the Trump proposal, after examining the totality of all statements made by the campaign, is that pass-throughs are not eligible for a single 15 percent tax rate on the individual income that their owners report; at best, they may be allowed to adopt some kind of tax status similar to that of C-corporations, either on a temporary or permanent basis," the group wrote in its analysis. "In other words, our guess is that there is no means by which a business could get a single layer of taxation at a rate of 15 percent. However, we also acknowledge the arguments of those who perceive things differently."
PKK leader seeks to convert ‘dialogue' into ‘negotiation'
ISTANBUL - Hürriyet Daily News
Peace and Democracy Party (BDP) co-chair Selahattin Demirtaş, along with deputy group chair Pervin Buldan, paid the 10th parliamentary visit to İmralı island, where the PKK leader is serving life sentence. DHA photo
The leader of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), Abdullah Öcalan, has sought to convert the ongoing peace process with Ankara from a period based on “dialogue” to one of “negotiations” amid questions surrounding the future of the process.“I think that the dialogue process that we started a year ago should be pursued with a new format; in other words, by evolving and deepening it into a meaningful negotiation. I have already submitted the necessary opportunities and means for a meaningful negotiation, to both the state and Kandil [the mountain range in northern Iraq where the PKK headquarters is based],” Öcalan said in a message released by the Peace and Democracy Party (BDP) on Sept. 15.Earlier in the day, BDP co-chair Selahattin Demirtaş and the party's deputy parliamentary group chair, Pervin Buldan, paid the 10th parliamentary visit to İmralı Island, where Öcalan is currently serving a life sentence.“It is essential that especially the state creates the sufficient means and opportunities for a deep negotiation to move the process forward,” Öcalan said, without elaborating on those “sufficient means and opportunities.”Though it has not been officially confirmed by government authorities, Öcalan and Ankara have reportedly agreed to a three-phase solution to end the three-decade-old conflict between security forces and the PKK, known as the “peace process.”The first phase entails the withdrawal of the PKK members, which already started in April. The next phase of the process is a democratization package initiated by the government, while the final phase would facilitate a safe return for militants to their homes.Buldan told daily Radikal yesterday that Öcalan's latest message should not be interpreted as a suspension or annulment of the three-phase plan. However, Öcalan is eager to end the “dialogue” phase and transition to a “negotiation process.”“What Öcalan meant is this; the process is going on. The continuation of the cease-fire means that the process is going on,” Buldan said.“That's to say that they says ‘dialogue process should be finalized and that we should move onto the negotiations.' One of the counterparts of this process is Mr. Öcalan, but they are meeting only with two BDP members and their siblings. They should now be holding meetings with other people, too. They say, ‘I need to be able to talk to my lawyers, other delegations, media and civil society organizations. If such an environment is provided, then transformation to negotiations will be possible.' That's what Öcalan means,” Buldan said, while noting that they were not given any letter to be delivered to Kandil.A letter was already given to an official delegation before their meeting on İmralı took place, they said, adding that they would travel to Kandil in the coming days.“At this stage, I want to express that I find it meaningful to maintain the preservation of a posture of a reciprocal cease-fire,” Öcalan also said in the statement conveyed by the BDP.“If we manage to overcome difficulties in line with my recommendations and thoughts, we can continue on our road with a deep negotiation that has evolved into a new format,” Öcalan said.The Sept. 15 visit came as the government intensified attempts regarding the new democratization package two days after a meeting headed by Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to finalize the highly anticipated package, which is seen as a vital element of the second phase of the peace process.An announcement on the package was expected several days ago, but the package was postponed a number of times, and is expected to be announced sometime next week. Deputy Prime Minister Bülent Arınç has previously stated that the package could be legislated in October, after Parliament resumes on Oct. 1. Issues, however, remain unresolved with regards to the package, including the mother-tongue debate, which is a sine qua non for the BDP despite a clear rejection from the government.
The Sixers will be bad again. They're aware of that. Not a lot of folks around the NBA like it, and they're aware of that, too.
But for Sixers coach Brett Brown, that's just not the focus.
MORE: In defense of NBA preseason | OKC need for bench depth | Ads on jerseys?
“I understand how some people may question it,” Brown said this week. “We have gone about trying to assess having our best chance to be annually competitive and annually special and we've chosen a path. It doesn't ensure we are right. I think it does ensure, in our eyes, that it gives us our best chance. How others view it, that's fair enough. That's their call. But we're quite comfortable, from ownership to general manager to coach to the people who are involved in those decisions, that there is a very singular focus that we have.”
The focus became apparent even before Brown arrived as the team's new coach last summer, way back on draft night when Philadelphia general manager Sam Hinkie shuttled point guard Jrue Holiday off to New Orleans for the No. 6 pick in the draft, used to take injured big man Nerlens Noel. Grantland's Zach Lowe reported that they could take a similar approach with Michael Carter-Williams, the reigning Rookie of the Year. But, back then, that Holiday move made it clear: The Sixers would be young and bad, and would do so without apology.
Despite league-wide grumbling and protestations, the numbers back up what the Sixers are doing. It's likely that within five years of when their rebuilding plan began last summer, this will be a 50-win team and a contender in the Eastern Conference.
In the last 20 seasons in the NBA, there have been 40 teams that won 20 games or fewer in a year (adjusted for shortened seasons). The Sixers won 19 last year and probably won't win more this season. But the issue for Philadelphia is whether those teams that bottomed out that way got things turned around within five years.
Of the 40 teams with 20 wins, two — the Bobcats and Grizzlies — were expansion teams, so we'll knock those off the list. Seven others came within the past five seasons and, thus, still have time to change their fortunes.
But if you look at the 30 remaining teams that bottomed out with win totals of 20 or fewer, their record of bouncing back within five years is impressive. In all, 13 of those 30 teams posted a 50-win season in their next five years, 43.3 percent (and two others just missed out with 49 wins). Six of those teams — the Heat, Thunder, Cavaliers, Spurs, Nets (twice) and Sixers — wound up in the Finals.
Of 35 eligible 20-win teams in the last 20 years, 18 earned a playoff spot within three years.
Obviously, bottoming out has its benefits and in that context, what the Sixers are doing makes sense. Bear in mind, most teams that won 20 games or fewer in the last two decades did so entirely by accident, and got things turned around largely through the luck of the draft — Dallas got Dirk Nowitzki after two wretched seasons in the late 1990s, for example, and the Nuggets (Carmelo Anthony) and Cavaliers (LeBron James) turned things around quickly after miserable seasons thanks to an outstanding 2003 draft.
The downside of being bad is doing so during a period of weak drafts — the Warriors, for example, won 21 or fewer games for five consecutive years from 1997-2002, and didn't improve much out of it. It was only last season that they cracked the 50-win mark.
The Sixers' approach, of course, is different. They're intentionally putting together young, bad teams in order to effect an extended period of losing. This is an untested approach. If there is a corollary out there, it would be Seattle/Oklahoma City, which suffered through a 20-win 2007-08 campaign, but emerged with Kevin Durant, Russell Westbrook, James Harden and Jeff Green — a pretty nice combination of stars and assets. It was just two years after their 20-win debacle that the Thunder notched 50 wins, and four years later, they were in the Finals.
Hinkie has seemed determined to follow that path, and that has bothered many around the NBA. Last March, before they became head coach and general manager of the Pistons, Stan Van Gundy called the Sixers's approach, “embarrassing,” and said, “I don't care, Adam Silver can say there's no tanking or whatever going on, if you're putting that roster on the floor, you're doing everything you can possibly do to try to lose.”
In a phone interview this week, 19-year NBA veteran and NBA TV analyst Grant Hill told Sporting News, “I think the idea of … purposely losing to get better just doesn't seem right. Seems like there is bad karma. I understand a lot of times you have to bottom out and build through the draft. But there are no guarantees in draft picks, there are no guarantees in anything.
"I think you lose fans, people question the front office and what their motives are. People don't have patience. Obviously, you can deal with a team struggling and going through some lean years as a fan if you feel that the organization is trying to get better. But you can scratch your head and say, ‘OK, what exactly are they doing?'”
We know the Sixers have a collection of young talent, like rookie big man Nerlens Noel, and guards Carter-Williams and Tony Wroten. We know there is more talent in the pipeline, like draftees Joel Embiid and Dario Saric. Brown has to figure out how to get those guys to improve in the short-term in order to make sure they're ready for the long-term.
“Trying to coach myself with a very, very long lens is important,” Brown said. “I see daylight here with this program. I think the pieces of this that we have talked about ad nauseum — with culture, sports science and development — you just can never go away from that. Michael's 3-point shot, Nerlens' progression at the foul line, Tony Wroten's assist-to-turnover ratio. All of those things are the development things that are our measurements this year. That's our report card, and it's done with a long lens. I get excited to think that Saric and Joel Embiid aren't that far away. Cap space, we have got a lot of cap flexibility. I see daylight.”
But that daylight figures to darken, as the league has prepared to alter the structure of the draft lottery to level the odds of landing the top pick. League owners will vote on rule changes that will weaken the chances of the teams with the worst records to move up in the draft, with the idea of curtailing the intentional assembly of bad rosters in hopes of bringing in top picks. In other words, the league is going to change the rules on which the Sixers have built their rebuilding plan while they're still in the middle of that plan.
Even with those changes, the Sixers have a core of young talent, and after the lottery adjustments, they'll still be in position to add more. But that might not be the franchise's biggest problem. That figures to be their susceptibility to a losing mindset.
“I went to college four years, played at Duke, winning environment, winning culture,” Hill said. “I got to Detroit and my first year, we won 28 or 29 games. Just that one year in Detroit, I started developing losing habits. That was just one year. When Doug Collins came in the next year, they changed that. It was painful, but yeah, it can happen. … A winning culture is not going to purposely try to lose games. You worry about the long-term development and growth of these players, being in that kind of environment.”
Brown has thought about that, and acknowledges it as a potential problem. Stemming the aftereffects of losing, they said, might just be the most important part of their job as the Sixers try to go from these lean years back into the ranks of the contenders.
“We just have to navigate during this period where the culture and the behavior are in place, the defensive rules are in place,” Brown said. “That's all I do everyday to remind myself of that and try to coach that and fight for the things that I know we need to have when those guys start to become better players.”
The past 20 years show that those on the Sixers roster could, indeed, become better players — players who win 50 games in a foreseeable amount of time.
Country singer Billy Currington has been indicted on felony charges in Georgia after a 70-year-old tour boat captain says they were chased by the "People Are Crazy" singer from a waterfront home to a dock where Currington threatened them while shouting profanities.
Authorities said a judge was issuing a warrant for Currington's arrest. A Chatham County grand jury indicted the 39-year-old singer Wednesday on charges of making terroristic threats and abuse of an elderly person. Under Georgia law, each charge is a felony punishable by one to five years in prison.
The singer took to their Twitter account Wednesday thanking fans for their support but sent a message saying they couldn't comment on the matter since it is an ongoing investigation. A representative for Currington did not immediately respond to messages seeking comment. It was not known if Currington had hired an attorney.
Charles Harvey Ferrelle, who conducts boat tours from Tybee Island east of Savannah, told police they were cruising past Currington's home on Tybee Creek, just west of the island, on April 15 when their two passengers told Ferrelle someone on the property was screaming at them. Ferrelle told police they were floating with the current far from the docks, but throttled up and moved away when they saw the angry man, whom they later identified as Currington.
A police report says Ferrelle told officers that when they passed back by the house on their return trip later in the day, Currington got in their own boat with a camera and chased Ferrelle to where they dock their tour boat. Currington was cursing and threatening to "(expletive) Mr. Ferrelle up," the police report said.
"If I hadn't gotten into my slip fast enough, I believe they would have run me over," Ferrelle told police, according to the incident report.
A woman saying they were the caretaker of an elderly man sharing the same address as Currington also called police to complain a passing boat nearly knocked the man off the home's dock and into the water. The police report said the woman was talking about the events that led to Currington chasing after the tour boat.
"Well what is it we can do to keep people from coming up on our docks or swamping our docks?" said the woman, identified in the police report as Julie Muscleman.
Ferrelle called police again the next day saying they feared for their life because they had another tour scheduled and would have to pass by Currington's property again after being threatened. The incident report said police agreed to have a patrol boat nearby when Ferrelle passed the home.
The tour boat captain told police they had no idea why Currington was so angry. Ferrelle did not return phone messages left Wednesday and Thursday by The Associated Press.
Currington is a native of the Georgia coast. Their hits include "Pretty Good At Drinkin' Beer," ''That's How Country Boys Roll" and "People Are Crazy."
On April 17, the singer sent a message to their over 200,900 followers saying "Harrassing (sic) artists often at their home by boat should be illegal. thas all i know."
The address given for Currington in the police report is for a four-bedroom, six-bathroom house on Tybee Creek, which flows past the island's southern tip and joins the Atlantic Ocean. Chatham County property records show a Nashville accounting firm bought the home in April 2011 for $3.5 million.
