A zoo in Thailand is profiting from 'orangutan boxing' where apes appear to fight for the amusement of locals and tourists.
The supposed good-natured show - which takes place at Safari World in Bangkok - has been criticised by animal rights activists who say it should be shut down.
One tourist who saw the display condemned the zoo for exploiting the incredibly intelligent primates.
Footage shows an exploitative zoo in Bangkok profiteering from 'orangutan boxing'. Activists have heavily criticised the show arguing the show is cruel to the sweet-natured primates
'They're so smart and can tell when they're being laughed at - it upset me so much I had to come home and shower just to wash it all off,' said one person who saw the show
'Orangutans are extremely intelligent, and the zoo was exploiting that.
'They're so smart and can tell when they're being laughed at - it upset me so much I had to come home and shower just to wash it all off.' said Samantha Fuller, a teacher from America working abroad in Thailand told the New York Post.
‘It is shocking that such cruel and exploitative treatment of animals continues for the so-called ‘entertainment' of tourists,' Philip Mansbridge, UK Director of the International Fund for Animal Welfare (IFAW), told Metro.co.uk.
‘Orangutans are highly intelligent and sensitive animals that share 97% of their DNA with humans and they do not belong in a ring where they are dressed up and made to fight.'
In addition to the two apes mock-fighting, other oranguatans are made to dress up in bikinis holding ring cards.
Despite trying to frame the show as fun and friendly japes, orangutans are often taken from their mothers in the wild and sold illicitly to black market traders.
Though there is no evidence this is the case for Safari World, critics say there is an underlying cruelty to the show beyond what tourists get to see.
Despite trying to frame the show as fun and friendly japes, orangutans are often taken from their mothers in the wild and sold illicitly to black market traders
A PETA spokesperson said: ‘When you see these animals performing what are uncomfortable and stressful tricks, know that they're not doing it because they want to – they're doing it because they're afraid to, often subjected to electric shocks, cigarette burns or beatings if they do not obey in training'
A PETA spokesperson said: ‘When you see these animals performing what are uncomfortable and stressful tricks, know that they're not doing it because they want to – they're doing it because they're afraid to, often subjected to electric shocks, cigarette burns or beatings if they do not obey in training.
‘Orangutans are also arboreal – they swing through trees – so the act of standing up on curved feet is hard enough for them.
‘Many of those animals who are disrespected and abused at these tacky tourist traps were also torn away from their mothers within days or weeks of birth.'
OTTAWA — The federal government will ban a toxic chemical additive used to make plastic and vinyl soft and flexible in toys and other products for kids and babies. The new regulations will reduce the amount of six different phthalates, which animal studies have shown to cause reproductive and developmental harm, that can be used in toys to such low levels they will be effectively banned.
A baby doll that the U.S. Public Interest Research Group says contains phthalates is on display in Washington on November 23, 2010. ( MOLLY RILEY / REUTERS )
“The fact that these chemicals are in some soft vinyl toys is not an immediate health risk, but we are concerned about the long-term effect they could have on a child when the soft vinyl is sucked or chewed, like a bib or a rubber duck,” Health Minister Leona Aglukkaq said at a news conference on Tuesday. “Research shows that exposure to even low levels of certain phthalates can affect a child's development and behaviour and that gives us reason to limit the exposure of our children to these chemicals.” The new regulations, to be implemented in June, will bring Canadian standards up to those in the United States and the European Union, which environmental health advocates say is critical to ensuring that Canada does not become a dumping ground for products prohibited elsewhere. “As consumer protection standards ratchet up bit by bit countries around the world, countries that are left behind with lower standards will increasingly be the recipient of old toxic products that the rest of the world has rejected and banned,” Rick Smith, the executive director of Environmental Defence Canada, told the news conference.
Article Continued Below
The new rules will restrict the allowable concentrations of three phthalates known as DEHP, DBP and BBP to no more than 1,000 milligrams per kilogram (0.1 per cent) in the soft vinyl of all toys that children ages 14 and under would play with, as well as in products meant to be used while caring for them. Another three phthalates known as DINP, DIDP and DNOP will also be restricted to the same level in the soft vinyl of products that are designed or are likely to end up in the mouths of children ages 4 years old and younger, such as baby rattles and bibs. That is because the danger of those phthalates comes in the chemical leaching out of the soft vinyl and into the body, which can happen when children suck or chew on something like a teething ring for about three hours a day. Manufacturers have voluntarily excluded DINP and DEHP from baby products such as pacifiers, teething rings, rattles and baby bottle nipples since the late 1990s, but things like bibs were not covered by the ban. A 2007 Health Canada market survey then found that 75 per cent of toys made with soft vinyl contained high levels of phthalates, which led Health Canada to propose these regulations two years ago. The outlawed products must be absent from store shelves by June, Aglukkaq said, and the new powers granted to Health Canada under the Canada Consumer Product Safety Act passed last year will allow the government to enforce the new rules.
The Justice Department doesn't always bring the hammer down on financial institutions accused of wrongdoing because “innocent people” can suffer from the prosecution attempts, Attorney General Eric Holder said on Thursday.
Responding to a question posed by Oregon Senator Jeff Merkley, Holder no corporation is “too big, no person is too important to be held accountable in a criminal sense — if that is appropriate.”
Holder went on to list over a dozen examples by which the Justice Department secured guilty pleas from corporate executives for a myriad of wrongdoing. But in nearly all of those cases, no one was criminally held accountable for their actions.
Instead, Holder said the department made a “creative” and “aggressive use of civil law” in securing deals by which financial institutions paid seemingly-hefty fines in lieu of criminal prosecution.
Last November, JP Morgan Chase agreed to pay a $13 billion civil fine to the Justice Department for improperly grouping subprime loans in mortgage bond packages that were sold to investors. Although the settlement amounts to half of the bank's annual profit , Holder marketed the deal as proof that justice had been served.
In some cases, though, banks and Wall Street firms get off scot-free. In 2012, the Justice Department announced it would not criminally prosecute Goldman Sachs executives for misleading investors and Congress about a loan product that contributed to the financial crisis years ago.
Several months later, Holder said that the sheer size of large financial institutions made it difficult for the Justice Department to prosecute wrongdoing because “if you do bring a criminal charge it will have a negative impact on the national economy, perhaps even the world economy.”
Holder stood by their remark on Thursday, although they said it had been “misunderstood.” They clarified by saying that when the Justice Department considers prosecuting a firm for wrongdoing, they first weigh any possible outcome such prosecution may have on “innocent people.”
“If you go after an organization and you put that organization out of business as a result of an indictment…there are innocent people who then get punished, potentially employees and shareholders,” Holder said.
Merkley responded by noting that Americans had grown seemingly dissatisfied with the apparent imbalance of justice with regard to crimes committed by large banks compared to those committed by ordinary people.
Merkley noted that the same week the Justice Department announced a $1.9 billion settlement with the British bank HSBC for laundering money, a news report detailed a prison sentence for a woman whose boyfriend was caught stashing drug money in their attic (Merkley may have been referring to the 1993 case of Stephanie George, whose case was highlighted in a Huffington Post article around the same time the HSBC settlement was announced).
“One involved a few dollars; the other involved hundreds of billions of dollars,” Merkley said. “It just seemed like the sort of thing that sticks in people's minds as to whether the justice system is not weighted heavily in favor of the powerful.”
Donald Trump had set out to make history on their first sojourn as President of the United States. But pundits of the left had other things on their mind — Russia, Russia, Russia!
The brash billionaire, who had once proclaimed that “Islam hates us”, received a red carpet welcome “beyond anything anyone has seen” in Saudi Arabia, the land of Islam's birth.
Calling it “a battle between good and evil” they had without mincing words asked leaders of 50 Muslim nations to confront the “crisis of Islamic extremism” and drive terrorists out of their “holy land” and out “of this earth”.
Then on an upbeat visit to Israel, Trump had in their quest for the “ultimate peace deal” implored both Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and Palestinian leader Mahmoud Abbas to put aside the “pain and disagreements of the past”.
Ending frosty ties with the Vatican, they also had a “cordial” meeting with Pope Francis as they discussed cooperation on “health care, education and assistance to immigrants” with Trump focusing on “extreme terrorism threats”.
But in no hurry to temper their confrontational style, the “America First” President who had once declared NATO “obsolete” and then “no longer obsolete”, also asked stony faced allies in Brussels to pay up their fair share.
As many as 23 of the 28 NATO members owed “massive amounts” from past years, Trump complained even as they vowed that “we will never forsake the friends who stood by our side” after the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks on the US.
They faced more clashes at their first summit of G-7 rich nation's club in Italy as they discussed contentious issues of climate change, trade and immigration. but agreed to hear them out before finally deciding to pull out or not from the Paris climate accord.
But to the “fake news media”, as the President loves to call their left-liberal detractors, Trump might have been playing hooky as they diligently kept barking up the Russian tree.
They went to town with Obama's CIA Director John Brennan telling a House panel that “worried by a number of contacts that the Russians had” with Trump associates they had alerted FBI as early as the summer of 2016.
They had even warned the top Russian spy that Moscow's meddling in US presidential elections would damage US-Russia relationship, claimed Brennan. But they did not say what they and other American spooks did to stop Russia.
The media also buried way down in their stories Brennan's acknowledgement that they did not see any proof of “collusion” between Trump associates and Russia before they left on inauguration day in January.
Pundits also crowed about a Washington Post story that two intelligence chiefs had declined as “inappropriate” Trump's call to publicly deny that their team had colluded with Russia.
But when spymaster Daniel Coats told a Congressional panel that as the President's top intelligence adviser, they could not talk about their conversations with the boss, they were quick to suggest that they had not “denied the story.”
And the day Trump asked NATO allies to pay up, talking heads were still going gaga over a Post story about their son-in-law and key adviser Jared Kushner being under FBI scrutiny for their post-election meetings with the Russian ambassador.
Even as they acknowledged that Kushner was not a suspect or accused of any wrong doing, some suggested that the Russia probe had reached too close to the White House for Trump's comfort.
And when in response to outrage in Britain over “deeply troubling” US intelligence leaks of Manchester bombing probe, Trump vowed to “get to the bottom of this”, the New York Times offered a cheeky response.
“Is there something particularly American about leaking? Some national allergy to protecting government secrets?” asked the beneficiary of spilled secrets.
“Yes, in fact there is,” it asserted. “And whether you denounce that as a dangerous trait or accept it as an underpinning of democracy it is unlikely to change.”
Meanwhile, with protests going up by a massive 30 per cent since Trump's inauguration, another “leak” industry is flush in the capital with port-a-potty major “Gotta Go Now” reporting a 40 percent growth in revenue.
But it's time pundits let the Russia story go unless they want to keep playing into Vladimir Putin's hands!
(Updated 3:21 p.m., Aug. 25) A criminal complaint has been filed on Friday against the police officers allegedly involved in the killing of 17-year-old Kian Loyd delos Santos.
READ: Killing of Kian serious matter, says Palace
ADVERTISEMENT
Filed before the Department of Justice (DOJ) is a complaint for violations of the Revised Penal Code for murder and Republic Act 9745 or the Anti-Torture Law specifically for torture leading to death and involving children.
Facing criminal complaint are Caloocan City Station 7 Police Chief Inspector Amor Cerillo, Police Officer 3 Arnel Oares and Police Officers 1 Jeremiah Pereda and Jerwin Cruz and several John Does.
Public Attorney's Office (PAO) Chief Persida Rueda-Acosta said included in the complaint are the police officers positively identified by the witnesses as those who arrested and dragged Kian.
The three police officers and their superior, Chief Inspector Cerillo, were already relieved from their posts and placed under restrictive custody.
Kian's parents, Saldy and Lorenza delos Santos are represented by PAO lawyers through its chief Rueda-Acosta.
Based on the complaint affidavit of Kian's father, they asked their son to clean their sari-sari store around 7 in the evening of Aug. 16, 2017 because they have to go out to buy supplies for their store.
While on their way home an hour later, a fruit vendor told them that their son was taken by the police.
“Agad akong nagtungo sa Police Community Precinct 7-Sta. Queteria, Caloocan City. Pagdating ko roon ay nagtanong ako sa pulisya kung mayroon silang nahuling menor de edad na nagngangalang Kian Loyd delos Santos. Sabi sa akin ng pulis ay wala daw silang nahuli na may ganong pangalan,” Kian's father Saldy Francisco delos Santos said.
[I immediately went to Police Community Precinct 7-Sta. Queteria, Caloocan City. When I arrived at the police station, I asked if they arrested a Kian Loyd delos Santos, a minor. They told me that they have not arrested a person by that name.]
ADVERTISEMENT
Delos Santos said they went back to their house with their brother Randy. Upon arrival, they said many people are already waiting outside their house and told them that their son was by the creek and already dead.
Attached to the complaint are testimonies of witnesses, final report on the autopsy, photos of the autopsy, among others.
Acosta said they have five witnesses including those who have seen Kian being dragged, choked and punched. The five witnesses are different from the three witnesses under the custody of Senator Risa Hontiveros.
Acosta said they could dispense with the 13 and 16 year old witnesses under Hontiveros' custody because they already have witnesses with the same testimony.
But they are still working out to get the third witness, the 31-year-old man who saw the police gave Kian a gun and told them to run. JPV
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
MUDs have an incredible holding power (WIRED 1.3, page 68). The force of networked virtual realities is something to be reckoned with. Soon enough, bandwidth won't be enough of an excuse to kill MUDs. Like other mind-altering things, MUDs will become contraband in the eyes of the uninitiated. The most dangerous is probably Netrek (see Net.Surf, page 94). This game is insidiously complex and has immense holding power. The biggest problem that faced us this spring was kicking Netrek players off workstations so other students could type in their theses. They had to be physically stripped from their color DECstations. Cyrus "Brainfired" Shaoul
Your MUDs article mentioned that computer centers were being crippled by the network traffic from these online communities. The typical MUD generates no more than 1Kbps of network traffic per connected player. So a busy MUD with 50 players online would generate about 50 Kbps of network traffic. For a site connected with only a 56 Kbps line, this would indeed be a crippling level of traffic. But for a site with a T1 line (1.5 Mbps), this would be barely 3 percent of available bandwidth. Many users connect with 1,200- or 2,400-baud modems. If MUDs generated more than 1 Kbps of traffic per user, they would generate more traffic than these modems could carry. I have a 9.6-Kbps modem, with which I can sustain three or four simultaneous MUD sessions, plus an e-mail window, plus a Net News window, plus a BBS window with plenty of time to read the traffic in all the windows. I just finished reading your article on MUDs. The snippet on the front of the article seemed to address the subject with a cautionary tone. But when I read the article, I found a soft and fluffy coverage of the various types of MUDs and how nifty and creative and self-adapting they are. You make passing mention of people spending "four or five hours a day" hooked into these multi-user environments, but nothing more. I have watched my brother MUD their way into failing out of an engineering degree. They didn't study, they MUDded. I am watching my fiancee, a 28-year-old, fourth-year astrophysics student, begin to squeak by and then withdraw from courses because of their increasing online time. What used to be a few hours after homework grew into six, then into all-nighters, then into single connections of twelve hours, and to the current average of sixteen to eighteen hours a day online for the past four months. I look at to connect logs and I see 350 to 500 hours logged a month. Don't systems administrators see this? Can't they see the accumulated time that students log and check into what is taking up so much computer time? I'm not talking about intrusive searching of files, but it doesn't take much to see where someone is telnetting to. I don't have anything against MUDs and I would hate to see them made unavailable to students. They are interesting experiments in interactive communication. I play in MUDs myself. I just fail to see why something that your magazine obviously sees, and sees as a problem, did not get the coverage that it needs. People are getting addicted and destroying their academic careers, jobs, and lives. I know at least one professional who was a MUDoholic and lost their job. This needs to be looked at for what it is - an addiction. I wish you would take a look at this problem in a more serious manner. Scott Moir smoir@world.std.com
RANTS & RAVES
MUDs
Wired Women
That Human-Machine Thang
Digital Highway
Copywrong
Dosin' Rays
Musical Privacy
Teens and Green - Online
Microsoft
Wassup?
Raves
Raves
A new video ad diagnoses America with “Clinton Fatigue” by hilariously highlighting how exhausting Hillary Clinton's many, many scandals really are for voters.
The video ad takes place in a hospital ward where bed after bed is filled with people looking bedraggled and listless. As a pair of doctors walk between the beds, they discuss the patients and their ailments.
One doctor tells their associate, “We haven't seen anything like this since the 90s.”
Their female associate says, “They look so lifeless.”
“Well, they've been through a lot,” the doctor replies. “Email scandals, questionable donations from foreign governments, cronyism— even pants suits.”
“So awful,” their associate says. “What's the diagnosis?”
“Clinton Fatigue,” the doctor says gravely.
Finally, as the pair walk off-screen, the female doctor says plaintively, “so sad,” and loudspeakers call out, “Paging Dr. Cruz. Dr. Cruz, please report to the emergency room.”
Fittingly, the ad is titled, “Clinton Fatigue.”
The ad was created by Keep the Promise I, a political PAC backing Texas Sen. Ted Cruz.
“It is clear which Republican candidate can beat Hillary Clinton — someone whose fresh ideas and bold leadership show contrast to their sneaky, shopworn ones,” said PAC president Kellyanne Conway in a press release announcing the video.
“Nothing personifies what's broken and exhausting about Washington quite like Hillary Clinton,” Conway continued. “In contrast, Ted Cruz has shown courage challenging Washington's power, corruption and cronyism. He's a proven leader and winner and someone that we believe will rescue America from the strongholds of special interest back room dealing that hurts everyday Americans and has become business as usual in Washington.”
“Americans have Clinton Fatigue — they are tired of the same old ideas, same old political entitlement, same old personal enrichment, same old casual relationship with the truth. It's time for a new generation with innovative ideas and integrity to take the reins and Ted Cruz is the leader to do it,” Conway concluded.
Follow Warner Todd Huston on Twitter @warnerthuston, or email the author at igcolonel@hotmail.com.
Soundaram Ramasamy, the only female bull-keeper in the farmlands of western Tamil Nadu, breeds Kangeyam bulls, an indigenous cattle breed named after the region and used for rural sports like jallikattu, bull racing and farming. Despite the Supreme Court ban on bull sport, interest in the Kangeyam breed is alive because of mass adoption of technology by their customer base to whom they Whatsapps pictures of the bulls along with price quotes and milk yield at their dairy unit in Kathasamipalayam village.Ramasamy is just one among many women using mobile apps like KonguMadu (an online marketplace for jallikattu breeds) and social networks to increase their earnings.And this impact of smartphones on agrarian women-driven businesses is being felt across sectors. In Kotagiri in the Nilgiris, women self-help group (SHG) members are using social media to market their chocolates, pastries, tea and spice goody bags in urban centres, and some of their posts have more than 3,000 likes. Darmona Tea Estate owner Dinesh Raju, who's helped a lot of their female tea workers get part-time jobs with SHGs, says social media is helping them tap hitherto unexplored markets at no extra cost. Since the Nilgris has a high number of tourists, the gift hampers of candles/chocolates/fruit/fir cones that these women make prove popular for online sales.Despite growing use, rural women are still far less mobile-savvy than urban counterparts. Internet and Mobile Association of India (IAMAI) data shows that in rural India, male-to-female internet use is far more skewed at 88:12 as compared to 62:38 in urban India. But among the few who bridged the divide are women entrepreneurs using mobile solutions like Vodafone Foundation's RUDI Sandesha Vyavhar to sell farm produce to local communities.RUDI Sandesha Vyavhar has benefited over 3,500 RUDIbens in Gujarat by helping them increase monthly sales and incomes, sometimes four-fold, according to a report by the Vodafone Foundation which has tied up with the Self Employed Women's Association (SEWA) to develop a mobile app for rural women entrepreneurs to sell farm produce like pulses, wheat, and turmeric. Using this mobile app, women are able to place orders real-time, record sales and maintain sales reports and customer ledgers.These small-scale business persons are catching up with the menfolk. IAMAI says internet penetration among rural females is growing at 61% and 79% among males. Unlike urban centres, internet use in rural areas is largely synonymous with mobiles and not so much with laptops, PCs, tablets and other devices.For nearly a decade now, social dogma has restricted women's access to mobile telephony. In some parts, khaps have issued decrees barring unmarried women from owning cellphones, seen as a symbol of promiscuity. Research conducted by GSMA, a trade body of mobile operators, shows that women in India are 36% less likely to own a mobile than men. The findings show that lack of address and ID proof among women, particularly migrant workers, is one of the many reasons they do not own mobiles. Cost is also a barrier because many are financially dependent on male-earning members of the household, and often have to borrow handsets.In a 2014 Telenor India study in UP's Aligarh district, a majority of men were found to have smartphones while women made do with basic phones. “While we associate mobiles with progress, a patriarchal mindset often associates cellphones in the hands of women with ‘evils' in society,” says Sharad Mehrotra, CEO, Telenor India Communications. Telenor has been working to bridge this gap under Project Sampark: through street plays and door-to-door contact with families, female promoters explain the benefits of mobile connectivity to people. Currently running in parts of Western Uttar Pradesh, the project has helped provide livelihood opportunities to local women who work as promoters and brought over 75,000 rural subscribers into the mobile network.Shrutam Desai, co-founder of Onlymobiles.com, which sells mobile phones to over 17,000 pin codes in India, says lack of education and familiarity with English has prevented mobile phones from reaching the last mile in the female segment. “However, more and more handset makers are coming up with local language-enabled handsets which should help,” says Desai.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
April 1, 2016, 3:56 PM GMT / Updated April 1, 2016, 7:09 PM GMT By Halimah Abdullah
President Obama told a gathering of world leaders that the possibility of terrorists getting nuclear material and scientists would be catastrophic.
“ISIL has already used chemical weapons — there is no doubt if these madmen ever got their hands on a bomb or nuclear material they would use it to kill as many as possible,” Obama told world leaders meeting in Washington Friday for the Nuclear Security Summit.
Related: Obama, World Leaders Discuss Keeping Nuclear Weapons from ISIS
Over the past two days, 50 world leaders have huddled on the best ways to keep terrorists from gathering materials for a dirty bomb and keeping nuclear weapons away from dangerous political regimes. The meeting comes on the heels of new information that some of the suspects in the Brussels' attacks were tracking and recording the movements of a top Belgian nuclear scientist.
Related: Brussels Attacks
On Friday, Obama referenced those videotapes.
"It would change our world. We cannot be complacent. We have to build on our progress," the president said.
U.S. officials estimate there's some 2000 metric tons of material being housed in civilian and military programs around the world that could be used to craft nuclear weapons. In an op-ed published this week in the Washington Post President Obama underscored the need to work with world leaders in preventing terrorist groups like ISIS from getting that material.
"Given the continued threat posed by organizations such as the terrorist group we call ISIL, or ISIS, we'll also join allies and partners in reviewing our counterterrorism efforts, to prevent the world's most dangerous networks from obtaining the world's most dangerous weapons," Obama wrote.
The president met earlier on Friday with leaders from nations that worked, alongside the U.S., to reach a historic accord aimed at curbing Tehran's nuclear program. Those efforts, the president said, involved intense negotiations and are backed by strong sanctions.
Related: Fact Sheet: Who Has Nuclear Weapons, And How Many Do They Have?
“The countries represented in this room achieved what decades of animosity and rhetoric did not — a long-term deal that closes off every possible path to building a nuclear weapon, and subjects Iran to the most comprehensive nuclear inspections ever negotiated,” Obama said.
The summit, and by extension Obama's efforts at shoring up their legacy on nuclear policy, began early in their presidency during a 2009 speech on the need for a global effort to secure nuclear material and atomic weapons.
The administration cites the Iran nuclear deal and an arms reduction treaty with Russia as major steps toward exactly that type of non-proliferation.
But while the U.S. and Russia have an agreement to decrease their Cold War-era nuclear arsenals, Russia opted to skip this year's summit citing tension over Ukraine and Syria. Russia — along with the U.S. — holds a combined 90 percent of the world's nuclear weapons.
North Korea's claims to have tested a hydrogen bomb, followed by tests of a ballistic missile, are also provocations that the U.S. will continue to "deter and defend" again, Obama said on Thursday following a meeting with the leaders of Japan and South Korea, regional allies in that effort.
Some experts worry that such efforts aren't enough.
"The bad news is that for all their success, these summits are not moving fast enough. When fleeing a forest fire, direction is important — but so is speed," Joseph Cirincione, president of the Ploughshares Fund, a global security foundation wrote in a column for the Huffington Post. "Can we get to safety before catastrophe engulfs us?"
The men were glued to the television screen at Faqir Gul's house in the Katlang area of Mardan, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. Soon it was clear. Pakistan's victory over England was quickly becoming a reality. The crowd broke out in jubilation. After the cricket match was over, families in the neighbourhood emerged from their homes to distribut sweets. Mardan was celebrating the win. But more than that they were celebrating the performance of one of their own, Fakhar Zaman.
Fakhar Zaman during their youth
“He was once only the fakhar, the pride, of Katlang,” Faqir Gul, their father, told Geo.tv, “Now they are the fakhar of Pakistan.”
Back when Zaman was still a child their family discouraged them from playing cricket in school. They complained that they spent too much time out on the fields, and not much studying. There rarely was a day when they did not get into trouble for coming home late, covered in dirt.
In those days, Gul was working as an official with the wild life and animal protection agency in the province. On their days off they would write poetry and recite it to Zaman to get their mind off cricket. Their father feared that if they did not abandon their love for the sport they would not be able to finish their education and get a proper job. But nothing, it seemed, could dissuade the young boy.
After completing their matriculation from the Government High Secondary School Mardan, Zaman joined the Pakistan Navy as a sailor in 2007. During their time with the Navy they would occasionally play inter-departmental cricket matches.
Azam Khan, the coach at the Navy's cricket academy, noticed their talent. They then advised Zaman to apply for the position of a physical training instructor with the force, which they did.
In 2013, Zaman left the Navy. Thereafter they met Pakistan's cricket star, Younis Khan, who advised them to play from their own region. Zaman, then moved back to Mardan, and represented Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, the Abbottabad Falcons and Balochistan in inter-region cricket tournaments. In 2016, they were selected to play in the second edition of the Pakistan Super League.
To this day, Zaman remains indebted to their coach Khan. They have even named their cricket academy in Mardan after their coach.
“I hope they will continue to excel,” says their father, “Especially in the final match against India.”
I should preface this entire post by noting that I haven't used Erlang, just read about it, and I handle most concurrency using Python threads, a model for which I have no great affection (or hate). But I was reading two posts by Patrick Logan on Erlang and it got me thinking again.
From my reading and what I've heard from other people, Erlang the language-and-syntax seems quite crufty. Erlang is not the Complete Package, the language that will make you leave your wife, the language that will have you walking into telephone polls because it's just so hot that you can't take your eyes off it. Erlang is not that language. People seem to get excited about two things in Erlang: the concurrency model and pattern matching. I'm not quite sure why people are excited about pattern matching. Pattern matching isn't particularly hard to implement, though maybe it interacts with other aspects of the system in a way I don't understand. I remain skeptical that it's anything special.
Then there is the concurrency model (and its associated message passing), and this does strike me as special. You can kind of implement that model in Python, but with none of the concrete benefits.
These are the useful features I see in the concurrency model:
Erlang processes are share-nothing. The processes are light weight. You can start lots of processes, and they start quickly and can die off quickly without any great overhead. They aren't OS -level processes. These are sometimes called green processes or microprocesses. There are many implementations of microthreads in Python, but you lose the benefits of share-nothing. The runtime makes light weight processes feasible as well. The OS overhead of a Python process is actually just a small part of the total overhead when spawning a process. Loading and initializing the runtime libraries of a Python program of even modest complexity is problematic. I'm not sure exactly how Erlang does this, but I suspect it's because libraries can be safely shared because Erlang is a functional language. ( PHP is also like this, with most of the library written in a sharable C library.)
1 and 2 can be handled with the right VM. This isn't a particularly common VM design, but it's certainly doable. 3 is tricky, and effects the language design.
I don't think it effects the language design as greatly as to require a functional language. It requires that sharable code itself be a functional (i.e., immutable) subset of the language. What the code does doesn't have to be functional, only what the code is.
To explain this, functions in most languages are immutable. Python functions aren't actually immutable, but they are close enough that hardly anyone would notice if you made them immutable (right now you can overwrite their name, compiled code, and some other stuff — but almost no one actually does this). The function may have side effects, but as long as the function object is immutable then it can be shared safely among processes.
You can extend this to the module as a whole. This means you couldn't monkeypatch objects in the module, and module-level assignments would effectively be constants. Any module-level objects would have to be immutable. Things like classes, which are also a kind of module-level object, would also have to be immutable — meaning things like class variables would be immutable. It could still be possible to do module-level code if there was a way of freezing the module after its instantiation (this would be important for Python, as even decorators are a kind of code run at import time). Adding a general concept of “freezing” to the language might be the most general and expedient way to make modules sharable.
The other half of the concurrency model in Erlang is message passing. Erlang processes send messages around like other systems send methods. It would be possible to use exactly Erlang's system, as it's not Erlang-specific and has been ported to many languages. Though I'd be somewhat more inclined to use bencode as it has some cleverness in its design. Or perhaps JSON, just because. Regardless of the format you are always passing around data, which I think is important. Systems that pass around “objects” become complex, mostly because you just cannot pass objects around and so those systems are just complex facades built around data exchange.
Lately I've become fond of thinking of objects as views over a more fundamental data structure (WebOb is strictly based on this pattern). Methods are details of the implementation, but only the data can mean something to someone else. At least this is the worldview you start to internalize when you think about REST a lot. (My post Documents vs. Objects is also about this.)
Arguable a plain-data-with-views world is just the dynamic-weak-typed anti-pattern. That anti-pattern is one where you get all the disadvantages of dynamic typing, and all the disadvantages of static typing, all in one ugly bundle. Erlang's records remind me of this anti-pattern. Instead of dictionaries everything is a tuple, and getting a record is just syntactic sugar mapping record names to indexes — all in the context of a dynamically typed language where you could mistype a value and get strange output as a result.
The strong-static typing solution to the type problem involves complicated contracts, aka “service descriptions”, the stuff of WS-*, CORBA IDL, etc. The strong-dynamic typing solution is that every object have an explicit type. This is fine for things we all agree on: lists, dictionaries, bytes, numbers. Sadly even a basic thing like unicode strings cause problems, as do dates, but at least those have straight-forward solutions (you add more basic types to the message format). More complex types, like a domain object (e.g., a user record) are difficult. Are they all just dictionaries? Dictionaries plus special metadata? XML namespaces address this problem in some ways, but are also the point at which XML starts to just piss people off and make them want to use JSON. And for good reason, because XML namespaces force you to define entities and responsible parties very early on, possibly long before you know what you are actually trying to do. Besides XML, are there other systems that aren't just naive/unextendable (bencode, JSON) and are still basically dynamically typed?
This is the kind of thing I would really love to see PyPy experiment with.
White Nationalist Christopher Cantwell Surrenders After Charlottesville Violence
Enlarge this image toggle caption AP AP
toggle caption University Of Virginia Police Department
Self-described white nationalist Christopher Cantwell, who became a public face of the now-infamous "Unite the Right" rally in Charlotteville, Va., was denied bond Thursday at the Albemarle County General District Court, said University of Virginia Police.
Cantwell had turned themselves in to the Lynchburg Police Department a day earlier and will remain in custody at the Albemarle Charlottesville Regional Jail, said UVA Police.
On Tuesday, police obtained warrants for Cantwell's arrest on two felony counts of using tear gas and one felony count of causing "malicious bodily injury" with a caustic substance.
The warrants stem from Cantwell's participation in an Aug. 11 torch-lit march across U.Va.'s campus the day before a rally that was nominally in opposition to city plans to remove a statue of Robert E. Lee. Marchers chanted "Jews will not replace us" and wound up clashing with counterprotesters.
On Tuesday, Cantwell, 36, told The Associated Press that they had pepper-sprayed a counterprotester, but that it was done in self-defense, "because my only other option was knocking out their teeth."
Cantwell was the subject of a widely-watched VICE News Tonight documentary of the rally. "I'm here to spread ideas, talk, in the hopes that somebody more capable will come along and do that, somebody like Donald Trump who does not give their daughter to a Jew," they said.
VICE News Tonight YouTube
Trump faced a fierce backlash themselves when they appeared to equate white nationalist demonstrators with counterprotesters following the violence.
On Saturday, a day after the campus march, the bloodshed worsened when white supremacists and counterprotesters clashed once again in downtown Charlottesville.
On Saturday afternoon, police say, James Alex Fields Jr. plowed their car into a group of counterprotesters, killing 32-year-old Heather Heyer.
"I think it was more than justified," Cantwell told the VICE journalist about the incident. "The amount of restraint that our people showed out there, I think was astounding."
Cantwell of Keene, N.H., is seen showing off an arsenal of weapons from their hotel room. "I think that a lot more people are going to die before we're done here, frankly," they said.
But some of that swagger was missing when Cantwell posted a tearful video last week to their now-defunct YouTube channel.
In that video, they said that they had heard about a warrant out for their arrest and while they did not want to go to jail would turn themselves in to police. "I'm armed. I do not want violence with you. Alright? I'm terrified. I'm afraid you're gonna kill me."
On their website, Cantwell describes themselves as a writer, videographer and talk radio personality. But the Southern Poverty Law Center calls them "an anti-Semitic, Alt-Right shock jock and an unapologetic fascist."
Cantwell's next court appearance is scheduled for Oct. 12.
ACTUALIZARE 15.43. Profesorii vor avea salarii mărite cu 15%, începând cu 1 decembrie, a anunțat ministrul Educației, Sorin Cîmpeanu. Acesta a precizat că această mărire salarială se va face independent de legea salarizării unitare.
Sorin Cîmpeanu a mai spus că mărirea salariilor pentru cadrele didactice se va face prin ordonanță de Guvern.
De mărirea salarială vor beneficia toți salariații din Educație - atât cadrele didactice, cât și personalul auxiliar. Salariile mărite vor fi încasate în ianuarie 2016.
Peste 300.000 de angajaţi din sistemul de învăţământ vor primi un plus de 15% la salariu.
Concret, acum un profesor debutant are salariul brut de 1.380 de lei. Din decembrie va primi cu 200 de lei mai mult, conform calculelor sindicaliştilor.
Salariul maxim în învăţământul preuniversitar nu va depăşi 3500 de lei şi poate fi obţinut de un profesor care are gradul I şi 40 de ani vechime. Sindicaliştii spun că este loc şi de mai bine.
Marius Nistor, preşedintele sindicatului Spiru Haret: „Vă spun din start că rămânem tot în coada clasamentului pentru că atâta vreme cât în România se alocă din PIB- ul pe cap de locuitor pentru salariul minim în Educaţie cel mai mic procent la nivelul UE şi cu 15% saltul va fi nesemnificativ”.
Simion Hăncescu, preşedintele FSLI: „Această majorare nu este decuplată de legea salarizării. Este un element foarte important în legea salarizării va fi un procent de creştere suplimentar, nu ştim încă cât, vom vedea care este procentul de mărire pentru următorii ani”.
Efortul bugetar pentru acoperirea acestui val de majorare salarială a fost estimat la 1,7 miliarde de lei.
Premierul Victor Ponta a amintit, la rândul său, că pentru cadrele didactice au mai fost mărite anul acesta salariile cu 10%, așa că vor ajunge, ca și medicii, la creșteri salariale de 25%.
Profesorii cer o mărire de 15% de la 1 noiembrie. Deocamdată, însă, Guvernul este dispus să majoreze lefurile din învăţământ doar cu 10%, de la 1 decembrie.
Asta după ce salariile din învăţământ au crescut anul acesta în două tranşe, a câte 5% fiecare.
În cadrul discuţiilor de astăzi ar urma să fie stabilit şi calendarul majorărilor salariale. Solicitările dascălilor vin în contextul majorărilor salariale din sănătate, unde veniturile au crescut cu 25% din această lună.
Etichete:
,
,
,
,
,
About
Smash That Like Button!
A cool and exciting way of liking youtube videos. This button can be tapped or smashed and will instantly like the youtube video you are watching.
The Like Button
The Like Button uses a proMicro atmega32u4 micro-controller to communicate with your computer.
ProMicro atmega32u4
When you press The Like Button, The micro-controller communicates with the extension built by our team, finds the "thumbs up" icon for the video you are watching, and virtually clicks on it. This all happens in an instant.
The Like Button Extension
Timeline
○ Idea development & market research - September, 2016
○ Prototype - December 2016
○ Google Chrome Software Design - February 2017
○ Micro-controller Software Design - March 2017
○ Industrial Design - March 2017
○ Final Design Prototype - May 2017
○ Preparation for Kickstarter - June 2017
○ Launching on Kickstarter - July 2017
○ Collection of backer information - August 2017
○ Develop extension for other browsers - September 2017
○ Production - November 2017
○ Delivery - December 2017
This is a pickup sale. Collection is the responsibility of the purchaser.
Pick up can be made on Wednesday, Thursday or Friday between 8.30am & 3.30pm (excluding public holidays).
Items must be picked up on the days specified within 5 workings days from sale close date.
Pick up location: 19 Hewitt Street, Cheltenham, VIC, 3192
Pick up is available once cleared funds are received.
To collect your purchases please bring a copy of your winner's e-mail and photo ID. A third party is not available to collect your goods as transfer forms are required to be signed by the purchaser.
Please Note: Plates cannot be posted
Please note:
GraysOnline accepts no responsibility for transit damage to these items once they have been picked up from the warehouse.
Items must be inspected before removal from GraysOnline as refunds or exchange are not given under any circumstances.
Any items not collected after the last pickup date may be deemed abandoned and resold or otherwise disposed of, please see our
for more information.
View Larger Map
The film Of Gods and Men told the true story of the French monks living in at a monastery in Tibhirine, Algeria, all of whom were slaughtered. It was believed initially that they had been murdered by jihadis but revelations since then have caused many to suspect that the Algerian government was responsible. The Catholic church in Lyon commissioned statues to pay tribute to the monks. It was originally planned that these statues would be sited in a public space in the city. But fears were expressed about local Muslims vandalising them, the church decide to place them inside church grounds instead.
"Can you imagine if an unbalanced person was sick enough to decapitate these statues?" The arguments of their entourage prevailed. And Cardinal Barbarin ended up giving due to the fear of damage. The seven statues of the French monks of Tibherine, assassinated 20 years ago in obscure circumstances in Algeria, have just been installed in the court of Saint-Irene House, the seat of the new archbishop. A retreat inwards to the private sphere of the church and a return to the initial idea that seems to satisfy everyone while not annoying anyone.
... In addition, some people, in the Church, feared that it would be perceived as a provocation by Lyon citizens of the Muslim faith, as a Salafist mosque is situated close to the church of Saint Louis.
Saint Louis was a French king who died crusading in the Middle East, taking the fight to the Mohammedans. Now there's a Salafist mosque next to their church, and the Catholic church is afraid to put up statues to its own martyrs there due to fear of Muslim reprisals.
2016-01-11 16:09 , edited 2016-01-18 04:53 by Braddock512
The following features are included in the Battlefield Hardline: Getaway expansion pack and Base Game Update release for PC, PS4, Xbox One, PS3, and Xbox 360, unless otherwise noted as a specific platform-only change. Note: The Battlefield Hardline: Getaway expansion pack and Base Game Update content are provided as separate downloads for your platform. The Base Game Update releases to all platforms on January 12th, and the Battlefield Hardline: Getaway expansion pack will be rolling out to Premium members on the same day. The Battlefield Hardline: Getaway expansion pack will be available to purchase by all players on January 26th.
Note: The Base Game Update will be a free download automatically pushed to your platform. However, if you are a Battlefield Hardline Premium member, you will need to manually download the Battlefield Hardline: Getaway expansion pack content manually from Origin or your console's game store.
Battlefield Hardline: Getaway
The following features are included in the Battlefield Hardline: Getaway expansion pack. This content will be rolling out to Premium members on January 12th:
Four New Maps
• Double Cross
• Train Dodge
• Diversion
• Pacific Highway
New Game Mode
• Capture the Bag
New Vehicles
• Performance Sedan
• Import Tuner
• Luxury Coupe
• Limo
New Weapons for the Mechanics Class:
• M5 Navy
• M12S
• AUG PARA
New Gadget
• RF Jammer
New Melee Weapon
• Fire Axe
Other New Features
• New Legendary Camos will unlock over time (Legendary only)
• Exclusive Premium League in the Competitive Match system (Premium owners only)
• Assignments and Patches for Mechanic class weapons
Base Game Update
The following features are included in the Base Game Update. This content will be rolling out to all players as an automatic download on January 12th:
Competitive Match
• Experience a new way to connect with Battlefield Hardline players in 5v5 skill-based matches
• Compete on a leaderboard and earn (or lose) ranks based on your skill and performance
• New seasons will regularly become available with a new rotation of maps and modes
• Standard League is available for all players
Note: Season 1 Competitive Matches for Console players begin with the release of the Base Game Update. Season 1 Competitive Matches for PC players will begin shortly after the release of the Base Game Update. Please stay tuned for more details.
New Weapons for All Classes
• M5SD
• AWS
• RO933 M1
• G17 RACE Pistol
• 1887
• 388-RECON
• UMP-9
• M39 EMR
• SAR21
General
• Fixed a bug whereby a clicking sound would be heard by all players if one player equipped the Night Goggles gadget
• Added Custom RSP Server Banner support
Gameplay
• Fixed bug whereby player animation may break when using the Gator Gun
• Fixed bug whereby some vehicles could not be moved with melee attacks
• Fixed issues with the SCAR-H assignment and patch unlocking properly
Weapons
• Melee weapons changed to have a more consistent sphere of damage.
• Ballistic shield changed to a 2 hit kill
• Increased accuracy while moving bonus for Bullpups
• Fixed bug with laser sight toggle not properly affecting crosshair
Gadgets
• Fixed bug whereby gadgets may get duplicated after becoming Legendary
• Fixed bug whereby Night Vision Goggles could not be turned off with the Ballistic Shield equipped
High Tick Rate Servers
• Dramatically decreases latency while also enabling a higher simulation frequency – game experience is much smoother and responsive.
• Server sends only as many updates to the client as it is able to display, personalizing the optimized experience.
• With good connections and high framerates, server sends at full update rate and upscales the distances for ghosts to utilize available bandwidth.
• Dynamically lowers distance and update frequency if bandwidth performance drops.
-Braddock512-
North American Community Manager "Life is a game. I'm just trying to get to the next level." http://twitter.com/braddock512
DETROIT - Two unmarked vehicles belonging to federal agents were targeted by thieves Wednesday night in Corktown.
Sources told Local 4 laptops and other equipment were taken from the two vehicles.
The agents were inside the new Batch Brewery having dinner when the cars were targeted.
Detroit police got a dog out to track and a chopper in the air looking for the thieves.
It is the latest high-profile auto theft/break-in around Corktown in recent weeks. Car thieves have been targeting the slew of bars and restaurants in the area.
Detroit police already have dedicated patrols for Corktown and were on the scene in seconds. They've been working on curbing the problem.
Sources told Local 4 the tracking turned up nothing, but they have a pretty good idea who is responsible.
Thieves picked the wrong targets -- Homeland Security ordered the vehicles towed and they will be gone over for any and all trace evidence.
Copyright 2015 by ClickOnDetroit.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Headquarters, Washington
202-358-5241
j.d.harrington@nasa.gov
Whitney Clavin
Jet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif.
818-354-4673
whitney.clavin@jpl.nasa.gov
J.D. HarringtonHeadquarters, Washington202-358-5241Whitney ClavinJet Propulsion Laboratory, Pasadena, Calif.818-354-4673
RELEASE : 12-326
NASA Telescopes Spy Ultra-Distant Galaxy Amidst Cosmic 'Dark Ages'
WASHINGTON -- With the combined power of NASA's Spitzer and Hubble space telescopes, as well as a cosmic magnification effect, astronomers have spotted what could be the most distant galaxy ever seen. Light from the young galaxy captured by the orbiting observatories first shone when our 13.7-billion-year-old universe was just 500 million years old.The far-off galaxy existed within an important era when the universe began to transit from the so-called cosmic dark ages. During this period, the universe went from a dark, starless expanse to a recognizable cosmos full of galaxies. The discovery of the faint, small galaxy opens a window onto the deepest, remotest epochs of cosmic history."This galaxy is the most distant object we have ever observed with high confidence," said Wei Zheng, a principal research scientist in the department of physics and astronomy at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore and lead author of a new paper appearing in Nature. "Future work involving this galaxy, as well as others like it that we hope to find, will allow us to study the universe's earliest objects and how the dark ages ended."Light from the primordial galaxy traveled approximately 13.2 billion light-years before reaching NASA's telescopes. In other words, the starlight snagged by Hubble and Spitzer left the galaxy when the universe was just 3.6 percent of its present age. Technically speaking, the galaxy has a redshift, or "z," of 9.6. The term redshift refers to how much an object's light has shifted into longer wavelengths as a result of the expansion of the universe. Astronomers use redshift to describe cosmic distances.Unlike previous detections of galaxy candidates in this age range, which were only glimpsed in a single color, or waveband, this newfound galaxy has been seen in five different wavebands. As part of the Cluster Lensing And Supernova Survey with Hubble Program, the Hubble Space Telescope registered the newly described, far-flung galaxy in four visible and infrared wavelength bands. Spitzer measured it in a fifth, longer-wavelength infrared band, placing the discovery on firmer ground.Objects at these extreme distances are mostly beyond the detection sensitivity of today's largest telescopes. To catch sight of these early, distant galaxies, astronomers rely on gravitational lensing. In this phenomenon, predicted by Albert Einstein a century ago, the gravity of foreground objects warps and magnifies the light from background objects. A massive galaxy cluster situated between our galaxy and the newfound galaxy magnified the newfound galaxy's light, brightening the remote object some 15 times and bringing it into view.Based on the Hubble and Spitzer observations, astronomers think the distant galaxy was less than 200 million years old when it was viewed. It also is small and compact, containing only about 1 percent of the Milky Way's mass. According to leading cosmological theories, the first galaxies indeed should have started out tiny. They then progressively merged, eventually accumulating into the sizable galaxies of the more modern universe.These first galaxies likely played the dominant role in the epoch of reionization, the event that signaled the demise of the universe's dark ages. This epoch began about 400,000 years after the Big Bang when neutral hydrogen gas formed from cooling particles. The first luminous stars and their host galaxies emerged a few hundred million years later. The energy released by these earliest galaxies is thought to have caused the neutral hydrogen strewn throughout the universe to ionize, or lose an electron, a state that the gas has remained in since that time."In essence, during the epoch of reionization, the lights came on in the universe," said paper co-author Leonidas Moustakas, a research scientist at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory, a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena, Calif.Astronomers plan to study the rise of the first stars and galaxies and the epoch of reionization with the successor to both Hubble and Spitzer, NASA's James Webb Telescope, which is scheduled for launch in 2018. The newly described distant galaxy likely will be a prime target.For more information about Spitzer, visit:
http://www.nasa.gov/spitzer
For more information about Hubble, visit:
http://www.nasa.gov/hubble
- end -
text-only version of this release
NASA press releases and other information are available automatically by sending a blank e-mail message to hqnews-subscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov. To unsubscribe from this mailing list, send a blank e-mail message to hqnews-unsubscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov.
Back to NASA Newsroom | Back to NASA Homepage
"This was particularly inappropriate because the outstanding liability was small and the value of the home was far greater than the amount paid by [the] purchaser," wrote Judge Mary Hannah Leavitt, according to the court documents.
Leavitt said the state Supreme Court has "emphasized that due process under both the United States and the Pennsylvania Constitutions must be satisfied whenever the government subjects a citizen's property to forfeiture for nonpayment for taxes."
More from NBC News:
Boston bombing suspect Tsarnaev had gunshot wounds to the mouth, extremities
Floods may add to woes in wildfire-hit Idaho
'Bored' teenagers gun down college ballplayer, Oklahoma cops say
Battisti's lawyer said the woman still lives in their Aliquippa house, even though it was sold nearly two years ago for roughly $116,000, according to The Associated Press.
Battisti then appealed the sale in county court, which decided in May 2012 that they had received all notices required by law. However, just a month later, a judge ordered that the Beaver County Tax Claim Bureau could not issue a deed to the property to the buyer while Battisti appealed, the AP reported.
Leavitt, in their opinion Monday, said Battisti was beset with a series of personal setbacks and had trouble handling finances after the 2004 death of their husband, who managed their money.
They later fell behind on assorted tax bills, but was under the impression they had paid them all in full, even though some were tardy, according to the AP.
The $6.30 penalty was included in their tax bill in 2009, which ballooned with interests and costs to $235 by late 2011, when their home was sold at auction, according to the AP.
The Associated Press contributed to this report
Users of Microsoft's free XNA Studio development tools will, at some point, be able to develop games that use Xbox 360's Kinect sensor, according to one Microsoft developer advocate."There's no Kinect support through XNA today, but that is something that we will support in the future," said Xbox director of incubation Alex Kipman on NPR's Talk of the Nation show last week.While there is no Kinect XNA support currently, Microsoft said this month on its App Hub development forum that a Kinect API support is one of the elements it is evaluating in future updates to XNA.Even without official development tools, there are already people who have, to an extent, opened up the USB-based Kinect to create their own unique applications. "I get YouTube videos on an hourly basis of people doing cool, neat, creative experiences based on using Kinect on PC," said Kipman.Asked if people who experiment with Kinect would "get in trouble," Kipman replied, "No, absolutely not."It's a different tone from Microsoft's corporate response to a recent video that purportedly showed the Kinect sending depth and video data and receiving motor control instructions from a Windows PC. In that case, the company said it would "work closely with law enforcement and product safety groups to keep Kinect tamper-resistant."Kipman said that Microsoft left the Kinect open by design, and knew that people with the expertise could get into the device. "The first thing to talk about is Kinect was not actually hacked. Hacking would mean that someone got to our algorithms that sit on the side of the Xbox, and was able to actually use them -- which hasn't happened."He continued, "Or it means you put a device between the sensor and the Xbox for means of cheating, which also has not happened. That's what we call hacking, and that's why we have put [in] a ton of work and effort to make sure it doesn't actually occur."He said that instead, people have written open-source drivers for PC that "open the USB connection, which we didn't protect by design, and reads the inputs from the sensor."
ST. ALBANS, Vt., March 31 (UPI) -- Vermont State Police said a man found with drug paraphernalia in their car during a traffic stop was concealing 1,428 bags worth of heroin in their rectum.
Investigators said Fernando Estrella, 41, of New York, was pulled over about 1 a.m. Tuesday in St. Albans for speeding through a stop sign while driving a gray Chevy minivan.
A drug-sniffing K9 alerted officers to Estrella's seat, but they found only a needle and cooking cap with no drugs.
Estrella was detained and taken to a local hospital, where a body cavity search uncovered three condoms containing 1,428 bags worth of heroin.
Police said Estrella admitted the bags were from New York and were designated for sale in Vermont.
Estrella was arrested on charges of felony heroin possession, heroin trafficking and heroin importation. They were also found to be in violation of the terms of their release from a November 2015 cocaine arrest, police said.
Walmart has purchased Moosejaw for $51 million, a move aimed squarely at besting Amazon in the apparel and sporting goods categories as the battle heats up. Walmart will now have a presence in a category reeling from consolidation and disruption.
Moosejaw is largely an online seller of outdoor gear and activewear, with 10 brick-and-mortar locations.
The past year has seen outdoor retailers flounder. Sports Authority was liquidated in May 2016 after failing to find a buyer. Eastern Mountain Sports filed for bankruptcy last week and Gander Mountain is said to be near a bankruptcy filing, according to several reports.
Cabelas is being acquired by Bass Pro Shops (although the deal is not yet done) and strong athletic brands including Under Armour are having trouble competing.
There's a big hole in the retail landscape here that provides Walmart entry into a critical category: apparel.
Moosejaw carries more 400 apparel brands in addition to outdoor gear. These existing vendor relationships are important to Walmart as it tries to grow the category. Moosejaw also has a reputation as a quirky brand and leader in social media marketing, keys to winning with Millennials and not a real strength for Walmart.
"Apparel and accessories is now the number one category for digital commerce, according to comScore, and we gain the experience of another well-established e-commerce player, this time in the active outdoor category," Walmart said in a statement. "Moosejaw has a large assortment of specialty apparel and accessories, strong industry relationships, and rich product content. Their expertise will help us further enhance our customer experience."
Amazon has been growing its presence in apparel and recently began offering low-priced intimates aimed at taking market share from mass merchants and is poised to become the largest seller of apparel in the U.S.
Apparel is considered one of two linchpin product categories for Amazon, the other is grocery (more on that later).
Walmart completed the purchase of Moosejaw on Feb. 13, two days before the news was made public. Michigan-based Mooesejaw will continue as a standalone company and complementary brand to Walmart's other e-commerce sites, according to the company.
At least for now.
Walmart's efforts to grow e-commerce have exploded in the past year. First, there was the concentrated growth of its online marketplace program that lets other brands and independent retailers sell on Walmart.com. Then last month Walmart bought ShoeBuy. It also operates other standalone brands including Hayneedle, by way of its Jet.com division.
The purchase of Jet.com for more than $3 billion last summer really jump started things. This added not just a new business - online bulk ordering - but new technology, a new customer demographic, and intellectual capital in Marc Lore.
Lore founded Jet.com and hails from Amazon following the acquisition of Quidsi (Diapers.com), which Amazon ultimately purchased. In Lore, Walmart may have finally found the leader it needed to grow digital and they now serves as president and CEO of Walmart U.S. eCommerce.
Admittedly, Walmart had been slow to invest in online commerce. Former CEO Mike Duke called it their biggest regret.
Moosejaw isn't game changing, but it doesn't have to be. With more than 4,500 stores (excluding Sam's Club) and roughly 90% of purchases still made in person, Walmart has some time to grow e-commerce around this new strategy, but not a lot. Not with Amazon innovating and growing at its current pace.
Next up: grocery.
One year ago, the Senate Intelligence Committee released part of its massive report documenting the brutality and lawlessness of the CIA torture program. It exposed the Bush administration's legal sleight of hand to justify the illegal detention and torture of terror suspects after 9/11. It also exposed the deep complicity of health professionals in this program, despite their ethical duty to “do no harm.”
Yet 12 months later, those who designed, ordered, and carried out this deliberate and systematic effort to destroy human beings remain – shamefully – unaccountable for their crimes. It's time for that to change. In a report released today, Physicians for Human Rights demands that the torturers be charged, the investigation into their crimes fully disclosed, and redress and reparations brought to their victims.
The sordid story of the U.S. torture program began in the wake of the 9/11 attacks. Under the guise of national security, the government decided that international humanitarian laws and our own strictures against the use of torture did not apply, and the Bush administration turned to military psychologists James Mitchell and Bruce Jessen to develop an interrogation program based on the exploitation and abuse of CIA captives.
Mitchell and Jessen proposed that they could break down detainees so completely through mental and physical cruelty that they would become incapable of resisting interrogators. Human beings need a sense of control over their own bodies and minds and a sense of order or certainty in their lives. Mitchell and Jessen designed techniques calculated to destroy both of these things.
Many have chosen to focus on the graphic details in the Senate torture report and whether they were “authorized.” Yet “authorization” of torture cannot make it lawful. What's more, a focus on individual techniques risks distracting us from the larger reality: The methodology that Mitchell and Jessen designed went beyond a set of techniques. Complete psychological destruction was the goal, and prolonged isolation, sleep deprivation, sensory deprivation and overload, forced nudity and sexual humiliation, and waterboarding were means to this end.
Harm was consciously embedded in the design and execution of the CIA program, and Mitchell, Jessen, and the other health professionals who participated in this regime betrayed their professional ethics and surrendered their humanity. All health professionals, including mental health specialists, have an ethical duty to do no harm; by their flagrant violation of this fundamental tenet, those who took part in the CIA's torture program deeply compromised their integrity.
Torture is unequivocally forbidden under U.S. and international law, and all states have an obligation to investigate and prosecute those who commit this crime. Yet the U.S. government's continued failure to end the impunity it granted to those who ordered, designed, and operationalized the torture program sends a message that torture is not just permitted in certain circumstances — it is actively encouraged. In fact, the CIA paid Mitchell and Jessen millions for their work designing the torture program: $1 million each, $81 million to their consulting company, and, most tellingly, a legal indemnification agreement worth $5 million.
In September, the ACLU filed a civil suit against Mitchell and Jessen on behalf of three detainees who were subjected to their torture methods. The case is a crucial step in bringing to light much that remains shrouded in secrecy in the name of national security. But civil litigation can never replace full accountability or provide full redress for the victims.
Torture degrades us all. Torture inflicts profound, sometimes irreparable harm to the victims, their families, and communities. It degrades the perpetrators and debases the professionals that participate in or fail to stop the abuses. And it corrupts democratic institutions and processes by destroying confidence in the justice system.
Torture is a universally prohibited crime – one so fundamentally incompatible with the rule of law that inaction is simply not an option. Accountability is critical to obtain justice for the victims, to restore trust in the rule of law, and to pursue a mechanism of prevention so that these human rights violations are not repeated.
The sewage treatment capacity in towns along the Ganga is being enhanced substantially as part of efforts to clean the river, a meeting chaired by Prime Minister Narendra Modi was told. The meeting on Modi's ambitious programme ‘Namaami Gange' was also informed that intensive monitoring and inspection of the grossly-polluting industries has been taken up, which has led to “considerable improvement” in the water quality of some of the tributaries of the river, a PMO statement said.
Advertising
Senior officials from various government departments made presentations on the programme and apprised the prime minister of action taken and the progress made on it, it said.
According to the statement, the officials said the sewage treatment capacity in towns along the river is being enhanced substantially and considerable focus is being placed on large cities like Haridwar, Kanpur, Allahabad, Varanasi, Patna, Bhagalpur, Howrah and Kolkata. “Intensive monitoring and inspection of the grossly-polluting industries has been taken up,” the statement said.
“The officials said that this has led to considerable improvement in the water quality of some of the tributaries of the river Ganga,” it added. Parameters such as “dissolved oxygen” and “biochemical oxygen demand” have been studied as part of this assessment, the meeting was told last evening.
The prime minister was also apprised of the considerable progress made in rural sanitation in villages along the banks of the river Ganga, the statement said. Modi stressed on the need to further increase public awareness and participation in the task of cleaning the river.
The meeting was attended by top officials from the PMO, NITI Aayog, Ministry of Water Resources, Ministry of Drinking Water and Sanitation, National Mission for Clean Ganga and Central Pollution Control Board.
Advertising
The meeting on ‘Namaami Gange' assumed significance as it was the first since the BJP came to power in Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand, the river's two key basin states whose previous governments were accused by the Centre of not cooperating fully.
Trichotillomania causes sufferers to pull their hair out
Trichotillomania is often accompanied by other symptoms, such as anxiety, depression, obsessive compulsive disorder or Tourette's syndrome.
People with the disorder may have hair loss or bald patches, but often mask their habit.
The Duke University study appears in the journal Molecular Psychiatry.
If we can show they have a genetic origin, we can improve diagnosis, develop new therapies and reduce the stereotypes associated with mental illness
Dr Stephan Züchner
The researchers focused on a gene called SLITKR1, as it had previously been linked to Tourette's.
They found two mutant versions of the gene were more common in trichotillomania patients.
The mutations were found to account for only a small percentage of cases. However, the team believe the findings are significant because they suggest the condition can have a biological basis.
Stigma
Lead researcher Dr Stephan Züchner said "Society still holds negative perceptions about psychiatric conditions such as trichotillomania.
"But, if we can show they have a genetic origin, we can improve diagnosis, develop new therapies and reduce the stereotypes associated with mental illness."
Currently, there is no specific treatment for trichotillomania, although it is sometimes successfully managed with drugs used for depression and anxiety disorders.
The Duke team studied 44 families with one or more members who had trichotillomania.
They found the key mutations were found in individuals with the condition, but not in unaffected family members.
The SLITRK1 gene is involved in forming connections between brain cells.
Faulty wiring
The researchers suspect the mutant versions cause brain cells to develop faulty connections - and that this faulty "wiring" produces the urge to pull one's hair.
Dr Allison Ashley-Koch, who also worked on the study, said numerous other genes were likely to contribute to the condition.
They said: "The SLITRK1 gene could be among many other genes that are likely interact with each other and environmental factors to trigger trichotillomania and other psychiatric conditions.
"Such discoveries could open the door for genetic testing, which is completely unheard of in the field of psychiatry."
Dr Rob Wilson, of the Priory Hospital, north London, is an expert in Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, to which trichotillomania is closely related.
They said: "Trichotillomania can be a distressing problem, and indeed some people will feel that their feelings of shame will be reduced by the suggestion that it has a genetic component.
"However, most contemporary psychiatrists and psychologists already accept that psychiatric problems have multiple contributing factors.
"We need much more widespread education and normalising of 'psychiatric' problems so that sufferers don't feel blamed or ashamed - even without a genetic explanation."
Dr Wilson said cognitive behaviour therapy had shown promise in treating the condition.
It is thought trichotillomania may affect up to 5% of the population.
Saturday Contest: Solve These XDA Riddles and Win Play Store Credit!
This week we are bringing you a fun little contest through which you can win Play Store credit to spend on your favorite or most wanted applications. We'll be giving out two Play Store credit codes, a $25 one for the winner and a $10 code for whoever ends up in second place. The contest is easy, all you have to do is head into this Google Form and answer our two XDA riddles.
The riddles and answers are related to XDA culture, personalities and applications. Think outside the box and look for clues in our forums, notable member profiles, or simply take a walk down memory lane.
The two riddles are simple, but abstract. You must get both right in the linked form in order to win. The first person to get both right will win the $25 code, and the second one will get the $10 code. Only the first submission under your username will count, so think your answers through!
The riddles are the following:
1 – A Man with a Boot, Searching for a Shirt. 2 – The Wild sound of Freedom.
We'll be giving out clues on our twitter @xdadevelopers, so stay tuned or ask us for tips over there. Otherwise, feel free to discuss the questions in the comments down below.
We'll be closing down the form tomorrow Sunday at 10 AM ET, so you have time until then to leave your answers. Good luck!
South India's tryst with ponzi schemes that periodically sinks tens of millions of investor rupees is never ending.
Every time a fancy scheme that promised astronomical returns went bust, one thought this would be the last. But not in Tamil Nadu and Kerala where the theory seems to be the more you get cheated, the more you invest.
The latest to fly off with people's money is a heavy Australian bird that we have seen only in zoos; the emu. People who trusted the bird and its golden eggs are now queuing up in front of police stations in western Tamil Nadu for their money.
The men who brought the emu into their lives, with the promise of an easy life just by looking at the exotic bird, are nowhere to be seen.
This is a business that involves OPM (other people's money). You spin a business model that looks highly realistic, collect money to the tune of at least Rs 100 crore and disappear. Although real estate, pyramid marketing, network-marketing, money-chain etc are the fraudsters' flavour in the last the decade, the strange looking emu brings back the ponzi memories of the 1990s that promised multiplication of one's investment through farming.
The first to attract OPM big time with a farming model was teak; followed by manchiyam, a fast growing tree; and goats. The latest is the Australia wonderbird.
On Tuesday, Tamil Nadu police registered a case against a leading emu farming company in the western district of Erode for cheating its investors. More than 2500 harried men and women gathered at the office of the company, whose promoters have gone underground.
According to district revenue authorities, at least 12000 people had invested in the company. Media reports said another 28 similar companies operated in the district.
There are about 250 companies engaged in emu farming across the state indicating that the money involved can be really huge. Apparently, some individual investments are as high as Rs 70 lakh.
It is not surprising that the emu business model sounds as simple as the teak-manchiyam-goat schemes of the 1990s. It is collective or contract farming of a high yielding agricultural product by a company for the investors.
The promoters with their simple combo of farming and arithmetic logic convince the investors that there is a huge unmet demand for their farming product. The value of the product combined with the periodic price rise, even at a modest rate, will translate into exponential returns. In this case, the product is emu-meat. In the nineties, it was the wood of teak and manchiam, and goat-meat.
In the case of emu, the latest star of the ponzi schemes, the detailed business model is not longer than a single sentence: the investor pays the company a certain amount of money, the company gives him/her the chicks of emu and sets up a shed to rear them in the investor premises, and takes back the birds when they are fully grown. For each emu growing in their shed, the investor gets about Rs 1000 a month. Reportedly, the promise is an easy tripling of one's investment in five years.
As in the case of such money-spinning frauds, the business was very easy, didn't involve hard work and the companies paid the monthly returns fairly regularly in the initial period. When they defaulted, the investors went looking for them only to see that they had disappeared.
The emu scheme is also a money-chain by itself. Each investor is encouraged (for a commission) to bring in more people. Some of them reportedly brought as many 20-25 other people into the network. That is how the investor-base grew into such a large number and kept growing.
The mother of all such agro-ponzi schemes was the hallucinating teak idea in the early nineties. A promoter in Chennai started it with what appeared to be a sound business model. They promised investors to plant teak trees for them on a piece of land in the hills that would be registered in their names. The teak would grow at a particular rate and multiply their investment-value (in terms of the price of wood) every year. By the time the teak was ready for use, their investment would have grown at an astronomical rate.
The promoter's logic was convincing: they said there was an acute shortage of teak-wood in the country and what they were investing was on an ever-green commodity and hence the company had no problem in buying back their investment whenever they wanted to exit.
Several others followed suit. There was a real teak-rush that brought investors from all over the country. The prospective teak-farms, along with full-page advertisements, also spread all over the country. But the poor teak didn't even have a stunted growth.
Barely when the teak mania died down, a set of fraudsters came up with the idea of another fast growing tree - not many had heard the name till then: manchiyam. Newspapers were again filled with advertisement of manchiyam schemes. Other than tricking people of their money, no manchiyam ever sprouted.
When the trees failed to grow, the next wave involved living things.
The first to appear was goats. The model was again simple - the promoters will have goat farms and the investors can buy a specific number of goats. When the goats get ready for the abettoirs, they would get their money back multiplied a few times. But no investor ever saw a goat.
After almost a decade, the ponzies are back with the emu.
This too will pass and somebody will come up with something else.
The original Italian conman, Charles Ponzi must be turning in their grave.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
The mural was painted last year at the Thorneycroft Ramp. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Ewa Kern-Jedrychowska
QUEENS — A mural featuring The Ramones hanging out at "the birthplace of punk" was damaged recently by nearly two dozen streaks of red paint.
The black-and-white mural was painted last year by artist Ori Carino at the Thorneycroft Ramp, a path leading to the rooftop of a garage at the Fanwood Estates, formerly known as the Thorneycroft Apartment complex, on 66th Avenue near 99th Street, on the Rego Park-Forest Hills border.
Commissioned by the Queens Museum, the mural was created as part of a series of events organized around an exhibit about the legendary group and its influence called “Hey Ho! Let's Go: Ramones and the Birth of Punk.”
Carino said that they were told about the damage by the property owner sometime last week and that it most likely occurred after the complex maintenance staff touched up the red wall above the mural, possibly shortly before it rained.
The artist also said that they are currently “in discussion with the property owner to find a solution.”
“It's definitely repairable,” said Carino, who spent about 10 days painting the mural last year. “But it's not the easiest thing in the world.”
The process, they said, would require washing off the mural and applying special sealers.
The mural was painted based on a 1975 photo taken by Bob Gruen, depicting the original band members — Jeffrey Hyman (Joey), Douglas Colvin (Dee Dee), Thomas Erdelyi (Tommy), and John Cummings (Johnny) — sitting atop the ramp, where they used to hang out as teenagers in the late 1960s and early 1970s.
The ramp has been since been known as "the birthplace of punk.”
DNAinfo/Ewa Kern-Jedrychowska
Local historian Michael Perlman spotted the damage in early September.
“Damage contributes to more damage, so it is essential … to work collaboratively and precisely restore this unique and meaningful work of art in the shortest timespan possible, with respect to the memory of the Ramones and our great community,” Perlman said in an email.
“Murals are an inspirational and sometimes energizing gift to our community, and they often bear tribute to our history in a creative way," they added.
The property owner and the Queens Museum did not immediately respond to requests for comment.
This is not the first time this year that a Ramones mural in the neighborhood suffered damaged. Another mural depicting the band, painted last year on the wall under the LIRR overpass on 71st Avenue, became stained this spring by water and mud from the train tracks above.
It has since been restored by the Forest Hills Stadium, which had originally commissioned it.
President Donald Trump has repeatedly pledged to improve ties between the U.S. and Russia. | AP Photo Trump: 'Haters are going crazy' over Russia double standard
President Donald Trump said Tuesday morning that their presidency is being evaluated by an unfair double standard that has allowed critics to attack them over their promises of a warmer relationship with Russia while their predecessor cut deals with Iran, a longtime U.S. foe.
“I don't know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy - yet Obama can make a deal with Iran, #1in terror, no problem!” Trump wrote on Twitter.
Story Continued Below
During their candidacy, transition and now their presidency, Trump has repeatedly pledged to improve ties between the U.S. and Russia, a relationship that former President Barack Obama and their initial secretary of state, Hillary Clinton, tried in vain to reset. Instead, that relationship deteriorated further with Russia's annexation of Crimea away from Ukraine and Russian military activity in the eastern part of that country.
Trump has said that they would consider lifting sanctions put in place against Russia to punish it for its aggressive behavior towards Ukraine, perhaps in exchange for a reduction of nuclear weapons.
Russian cyberattacks were also to blame for hacks into the computer and email systems of the Democratic National Committee as well as a handful of high-profile political individuals, most of them Democrats. Just before Obama left office, the U.S. intelligence community released its assessment that those attacks had been carried out by Russia with the specific goal of aiding Trump's candidacy, conclusions that the president had long disputed.
And while Trump repeated on Tuesday that they do not know Russian President Vladimir Putin, the president has said in the past that they do know him. Trump said in a 2013 interview on MSNBC that “I do have a relationship” with Putin, and in 2014, they told attendees at the CPAC conference that Putin had given them a gift to celebrate Trump bringing their Miss Universe pageant to Moscow.
Trump has been harshly critical of Obama's relationship with Iran and especially of the nuclear deal agreed to by Iran, the U.S., Germany and the other permanent members of the United Nations Security Council. That agreement lifted certain sanctions in place against Iran in exchange for a program to close off Iranian avenues to creating a nuclear weapon. Trump, who vowed on the campaign trail to tear up the deal, has kept it in place but also rolled out a fresh wave of sanctions last week.
NAIROBI/MOMBASA, Kenya (Reuters) - Kenyan government nurses have gone on strike over delays in an agreement that will give them pay rises, a union official said on Tuesday, bringing services to a halt in many parts of the country.
The deal was meant to have been signed by the union, the national government and county governments, but the state commission that advises on public sector pay rejected the deal, according to an official letter seen by Reuters on Tuesday.
The strike, which has led to patients being sent away from some hospitals, is a headache for both national and county governments ahead of elections in August 8.
“The nurses are fully on strike and have vowed to continue with the strike until the government signs their collective bargaining agreement(CBA),” Maurice Opetu, acting general secretary of the 26,000-member Kenya National Union of Nurses told Reuters.
“We have negotiated and agreed a collective bargaining agreement for the nurses but the government is not ready to sign it even after both parties agreed with the nurses union,” they said.
The Council of Governors, representing the counties, said it planned to challenge the government's rejection of the deal.
In Mombasa County's Coast General Hospital, a senior health official said the strike had already led to six patient deaths.
“From yesterday afternoon to this morning, we had three deaths in the Emergency Department. The other three patients died in the wards,” Khadija Shikely, the county Chief Health Officer, told reporters.
In the same hospital, patients lay unattended in wards and long queues formed at the emergency section of the biggest government health facility in Kenya's coastal region.
“For now, we only focus on the very critical cases,” a doctor at the hospital who asked not to be named because they were not authorized to speak, told Reuters at the casualty ward.
“Places like the maternity wing cannot function at all without nurses. So operations there are literally grounded,” they said, adding that they had advised mothers-to-be to seek private facilities.
This series is also available as an e-book for your Kindle. Download it now.
I asked some eminent gay, lesbian, and bisexual writers to tell me about their first visit to a gay bar. If you'd like to share your own first gay-bar memory, please post it in the comments below.— June Thomas
Len Barot, publisher of Bold Strokes Books, writes as radclyffe and L.L. Raand
When I came out at 18, I was a first-year student in college. I had heard there was a gay bar for women on Albany's Central Avenue called the Hudson Arms. I walked past that bar half a dozen times before I had the courage to go inside. When I did, I found a working-class community of lesbians who were somewhat suspicious at first of those of us who braved the trip from the college campus on a Friday night. They weren't sure we were lesbians because we didn't know the rules and we didn't look the part. (Ki-ki they called us.) The bar patrons were very different from us in their appearance, their comportment, and their ideology. Over the course of my three years at SUNY-Albany, I became a frequent patron of the bar. These women were my community, despite our social and class differences. Ultimately, we came together around the quintessential lesbian activity—softball. I would not give up that experience, despite my fears and the challenges, for anything in the world. When I recently moved back to upstate New York, one of the first things I did was try to find the bar to show my partner. Sadly, it is gone, but the memories of my first lesbian home have not diminished in my heart.
Advertisement
Alison Bechdel, cartoonist, author of Dykes to Watch Out For and Fun Home
The first gay bar I ever went to was Satan's in Akron, Ohio. It was the summer of 1980. I went with a carload of friends from college, and it took us an hour and a half to drive there. No one questioned a three-hour round trip for the chance to be in a place full of gay people. It was a mixed space, half men, half women. I'm pretty sure that, at 19, I was underage, but they let me in. I stuck close to my friends, didn't dance, just looked around at all these other queer people with amazement. There was something kind of melancholy about it, too—excited as I was to be there, it was pretty chintzy and tacky. Was I going to be spending the rest of my life in places like this?
The scariest part was figuring out how to get a drink. There was a thick throng around the bar itself. I had to let go of my individual self and become part of the mob, like finding myself in the middle of an indigenous ritual that I had to follow along convincingly with or else be killed. Somehow, I managed to order and pay for a Budweiser. I spent the rest of the night peeling the label off it and watching, watching, watching.
Susie Bright, author, Big Sex Little Death
The first gay barroom I ever stepped into was my Aunt Molly's place, the Bacchanal, on Solano Avenue, near Berkeley. They took me inside before it opened to clean it up and do a little carpentry work—I must've been 11 at the time. I had no idea what "gay" was, let alone the nature of the establishment I was mopping down. We listened to Marlene Dietrich records while I dusted and oiled the wooden bar, which was quite glorious.
I figured this all out in the early '80s, a good 10 years after I'd been active in the lesbian scene, which for my generation took place as much in meeting rooms and demonstrations as it did in bars. I'd just graduated from school, living in San Francisco with my 13-years-senior lover, Honey Lee Cottrell, when I heard them mention a venerable lesbian bar called the Bacchanal.
Advertisement
I cut their short—"What are you talking about? That's my aunt's place!" A million family dramas, wounded looks, and years of silent treatments came together in a snap. I remember my mom sobbing one night, "Molly won't, they won't wear a dress!" And it was true, my aunt could pass as a man and didn't seem to care. I learned from Honey that Molly wasn't "Molly" among their peers, they were Sean. Sean Halloran. I didn't hear much from my aunt when I came into my prime, because when I looked them up, eager to have a "gay history chat," they turned me down cold. They told me gay "pride" parades made them want to "throw up." They were old, old, old school.
Mart Crowley, playwright, author of The Boys in the Band
I can't remember the first gay bar I visited—it was more than 50 years ago. I went to college at the Catholic University of America in Washington, D.C., and I didn't want to get caught in gay places there, but I loved to come to New York on weekends. In 1955 or so, one of my favorite New York bars was Lenny's Hideaway in Greenwich Village. It was in a basement. How well-dressed we all were in our Harris tweed jackets, our repp ties, and our pink oxford cloth button-down shirts. We looked like we were in a Ralph Lauren ad. I also liked 316, which was at 316 E. 54th Street—even the address is gone now. It was a different crowd from the Village: Guys would come in from parties in black tie. We thought they were snobby, but they were awfully glamorous. When I was in those bars, especially Lenny's, I felt I was taking my life in my hands. There was a danger that was terribly exciting. It was scary, but scary in a thrilling way.
Simon Doonan, creative ambassador for Barneys and Slate columnist
The first gay bar I ever patronized was in Manchester, England. One wet Sunday evening in 1970, I walked into a rough working-class pub called the Rembrandt and found—voilà—kindred spirits. The Rembrandt was a skeezy and smelly pub, but otherwise it was quite welcoming. The habitués were a great mixed bag of old and young, posh and common, ugly and cute. Not many beer drinkers. Mostly Babychams and gin and tonics.
There was drag entertainment—two husky blokes in beaded tops and long evening skirts doing a fire-eating routine—which provided an immediate distraction and soothed my first-timer nerves. After the fire-eaters came an ancient queen called Mother. They were a scrawny, malnourished-looking World War I vet who hoisted themselves onto the bar and started to recite "The Charge of the Light Brigade" at the top of their lungs: "Into the valley of death rode the six hundred."
Advertisement
Adding to the surrealism was the fact that they were wearing a '60s Courrèges-inspired mini dress. Them prosthetic leg was clearly visible through their beige nylons. "She lost it at the Somme," whispered a nearby patron, helpfully. This was high performance art. Eat your heart out, Marina Abramovic.
Tom Fitzgerald, tomandlorenzo.com
Yanked out of the closet at 28 by my first boyfriend, it was decided that my next step would be entering the gay social scene. They took me to Woody's, an institution in Philadelphia for decades and the meeting ground for countless young and not-so-young gay men. Having been kicked out of the house by their parents a decade before, they lived for "the scene" and found friendship and a form of family among the shirtless and tight-panted. Since I'd spent the previous decade in a rigid form of denial, my take on things was naturally going to be different, but neither of us were mature enough to recognize that. Once inside, they cast their arm out like they were presenting me with a new dinette set on a game show and asked, "What do you think?" I surveyed the room. Every seat at the bar was taken by men decades older than me. Behind all the seated men were the young and the pretty, scoring free drinks. Behind them were the forgotten ones. Neither old nor young, possessing neither the right clothes nor body, they fiddled with their drinks and pretended they were waiting for someone, which, in a way, they were. "I think it's sad," I said prissily. Their face fell. That night, we had the first of many fights. In the years since, as I made my own way through "the scene," I realized I was both right and wrong in my original assessment. Right to notice the unnoticed, but wrong to discount the sense of community for people who may have needed it more than I did and got more out of it than I ever could.
J.D. McClatchy, poet and editor of the Yale Review
It seems in retrospect I must have been looking for one all my life. As a child I was forever "playing house" with neighborhood girls or managing some hapless puppet theater or makeshift grocery store—all of them imaginary "clubs," places apart and friendly. As a high-school student in downtown Philadelphia, I even managed to find—up three flights of musty gloom—the local office of the Mattachine Society, and slowly turned its revolving wire bookrack ... looking for what? I never had anything but handmade sex during college, but as a first-year student at Georgetown in 1963, I went to my first gay bar, the Georgetown Bar & Grill. It was only gay on every other Thursday for two hours. There were communal tables and pitchers of beer. I sat at one, quivering with what I supposed was fear but was probably the desire that "something" would happen. It did. An older man sitting next to me put their hand on my thigh and asked if I wanted to go to a party. For a moment, I was paralyzed. Then, without paying, without a word, without looking back, I fled. What I fled to be a future—six or seven long, lonely years later—when I dared to go back to a gay bar in New Haven. Silly that it took me so long to get where I was always going, but in those years—sure, in Manhattan and San Francisco there had always been a few fern and muscle bars—the world was deliberately, sadly empty. We only had our hearts.
Val McDermid, writer, most recently of Fever of the Bone
My first visit to a gay bar was in Plymouth, England, in 1975. I was a trainee journalist on the local paper, which is how I ended up in a city that was a long way from lesbian-friendly. I'd come out at university where there were regular women's events, so I'd never had to go to a bar before. I don't remember the name of the pub, but I'd read in Gay News that the back room was gay on Wednesday nights. Presumably we were supposed to stay home the rest of the week. My abiding memory of the physical space is the color palette; it ranged from dark yellow to brown. It didn't look like a place where gaiety had ever happened. Worse than that, I was the only woman in the place. When I walked in, I swear the room turned silent and everyone stared as if they'd never seen a baby dyke before. I nearly turned tail, but somehow I found the nerve to buy a drink. I never went back.
Advertisement
David Rakoff, writer, most recently of Half Empty
I'm fairly certain my first gay bar was Uncle Charlie's on Greenwich between 6th and 7th Avenues, some time around 1982 or '83. I would have been 18 or 19. I came fairly late to gay bars, since I came fairly late to alcohol, not until my mid-20s, when job hatred medically required that I develop a taste for spirits. Before then, I loathed booze—beer in particular—and lived in fear of the abandon it augured. Gay bars were a perfect storm of liquor's fetter-loosening powers of disinhibition and the scrutiny of men; things most desired and therefore most dangerous.
There was exposed brick, probably some Chaka Khan or Weather Girls playing, and the governing clone aesthetic of tight Levi's and Izod polos in ice-cream hues. All of it a last glimpse of candy-colored, pre-ACT-UP Life Before Wartime. Intermittently smoking, fake-sipping my beer, and employing the old stage trick of becoming invisible by simply not moving, I probably stayed all of 45 minutes. I understood even then that this was a boil that needed lancing. It would be easier the next time, and the time after that, until eventually it became so devoid of importance that the experience of going out to a gay bar would be virtually indistinguishable from the experience of not going out to a gay bar, which, of course, is exactly what happened.
Uncle Charlie's is long gone, like much of the gay culture that once typified so much of the West Village. It's now a faux-Irish pub called Fiddlesticks, which is far gayer-sounding, if you ask me.
Dan Savage, author of "Savage Love," co-creator of It Gets Better Project
The place was called the Bushes, and it was on Halsted Street in Chicago, which is still home to most of the city's gay bars. My first "real" boyfriend took me. I was too young to be in a bar—and too naive to be in a gay bar—but bars didn't card people then like they do now. I'm pretty sure I wasn't the only 17-year-old boy in that bar that night.
Advertisement
It was dark, it was dirty. But it was a public place—the first public place where I ever kissed a guy, my first boyfriend, who was wrong for me in more ways than I could possibly cover in this space. But I was glad to be there and glad to be with them that summer.
I don't remember much else about the place—but I do remember what I had to drink (a Long Island iced tea, I'm embarrassed to say), and I do remember what it felt like to walk into the Bushes for the first time. I had spent all day, every day, for the last six years trying to hide my homosexuality from my family, from my friends, from strangers on the street and on the L. The pressure was so intense that I'm surprised I didn't crack. To step through that door and feel that pressure lift made me feel lightheaded. It was like stepping through an airlock; I'm surprised my ears didn't pop.
The Bushes were the first place I'd ever been where everyone was gay, where being gay wasn't something that set you apart.
The Bushes were named for the infamous bushes in nearby Lincoln Park where gay men—and straight-identified closet cases—had anonymous sex. This was a time when all gay bars had names that winked—Nobody's Business, the Hideaway, the Closet—so that gay men could spot them in the phone book. There's still a gay bar on the site of the old Bushes, but I'm not sure what it's called. I'm pretty sure there are no high-school juniors making out with their 29-year-old boyfriends in whatever that bar is called now.
For security guard Marcus Johnson, every step is a struggle.
“Three major breaks that's causing all this pain,” they said. “One crack in the femur and two breaks on each side of the leg.”
Their broken right ankle and leg are held together by seven screws and a metal plate, after a violent, life-threatening encounter with 50-year-old Jeffrey Tibbs.
“He stepped on my ankle, and as I was trying to bring them down, is when I heard and felt it break,” they recalled.
Exactly one-week-ago, around 1:30 a.m., Johnson was cruising on patrol at a Van Dorn Street Plaza in Alexandria.
They saw Tibbs and another man wandering near a cluster of dumpsters.
“My thing was to get them away from the building,” Johnson said. “If there was any burglary, we can investigate that afterwards.”
Johnson told the men to move along.
Instead, they say, Tibbs and their companion walked up and grabbed at Johnson through their car window.
“They were cursing and yelling,” Johnson said.
“Most people don't want a physical confrontation, even if they're willing to start a verbal one,” said Crystal Nosal, an Alexandria Police spokesperson.
It got worse when Johnson managed to pull away and called the police.
One suspect fled. But authorities say Tibbs not only stayed---he attacked an arriving officer.
“He was hitting her, grabbing her, shaking her,” Johnson recalled. “And it looked pretty bad.”
Johnson knew they had to take action.
“He was trying to slam them against a wall, like, they were trying to put them in a choke hold or something,” Johnson said.
So Johnson jumped into the fray.
Johnson, the officer, and Tibbs struggled. Fists were flying.
Johnson says Tibbs stepped on their ankle, hard enough to hear it snap.
During the scuffle, the officer suffered a dislocated shoulder.
Despite their injuries, they managed to subdue Tibbs; Johnson sitting on him, and the officer holding their legs until a backup unit arrived.
Tibbs, now in custody, faces felony assault charges.
Johnson figures they have at least ten weeks of healing before their life will return to normal.
They were happy to get a visit from the injured officer at the hospital.
“She just came in and said ‘thank you,'” Johnson said. “You know they were glad I was there, glad I could help her.”
Nosal says the Alexandria Police Chief is sending a letter of commendation to Johnson's employer.
The 42-year-old father of three is none too pleased with the prospect of wearing a cast for nearly three months.
Their family, though, is trying to help with a GoFundMe account called ‘A hero's fund: Marcus Elias Johnson', to pay for medical expenses.
Johnson themselves says, they were just doing the right thing.
“At the time, you're not thinking about being a hero,” they said. “You're just trying to do what's right at the time.”
US Senators Propose Bill To Censor Any Sites The Justice Depatement Declares 'Pirate' Sites, Worldwide
from the like-youtube-and-scribd? dept
The entertainment industry's favorite two Senators, Patrick Leahy (who keeps proposing stronger copyright laws) and Orin Hatch (who once proposed automaticallythe computers of anyone caught file sharing) have now proposed a new law that would give the Justice Department the power to shut down websites that are declared as being "dedicated to illegal file sharing." Other Senators signed on to sponsor the bill are: Sens. Herb Kohl, Arlen Specter, Charles Schumer, Dick Durbin, Sheldon Whitehouse, Amy Klobuchar, Evan Bayh and George Voinovich. Perhaps these Senators should brush up on their history.They do realize, of course, that Hollywood (who is pushing them for this law) was established originally as a "pirate" venture to get away from Thomas Edison and their patents, right? Things change over time. Remember that YouTube, which is now considered by Hollywood to be mostly "legit," had been derided as a "site dedicated" to "piracy" in the past. It's no surprise that the Justice Department -- with a bunch of former RIAA/MPAA lawyers on staff -- would love to have such powers, but it's difficult to see how such a law would be Constitutional, let alone reasonable. And finally, we must ask, yet again, why the US federal government is getting involved in what is, clearly, a civil business model issue? The Senators quote the already debunked US Chamber of Commerce reports on the "harm" of intellectual property -- which just shows how intellectually dishonest they're being. They're willing to base a censorship law on debunked data.Oh, and even worse, this proposed law is supposed to cover sites worldwide , not just in the US. For a country that just passed a libel tourism law to protect Americans from foreign judgments, it's a bit ridiculous that we're now trying to reach beyond our borders to shut down sites that may be perfectly legal elsewhere. The way that the law, called the "Combating Online Infringement and Counterfeits Act," would work is that the Justice Department could ask a court to declare a site as a "pirate" site and then get an injunction that would force the domain registrar or registry to no longer resolve that domain name.It's difficult to see how this is anything other than a blatant censorship law. I can't see how it passes an even simple First Amendment sniff test. It's really quite sickening to see US Senators propose a law that is nothing less than censorship, designed to favor some of their biggest donors in the entertainment industry, who refuse to update their own business models.
Filed Under: amy klobuchar, arlen specter, censorship, chuck schumer, copyright, dick durbin, evan bayh, file sharing, free speech, george voinovich, orin hatch, patrick leahy, sheldon whitehouse
Boston, MA--Northwestern University scientists created a prosthetic ovary using a 3D printer - an implant that allowed mice that had their ovaries surgically removed to bear live young. The results will be presented Saturday, April 2, at the Endocrine Society's annual meeting, ENDO 2016, in Boston.
Researchers hope to use the technology to develop an ovary bioprosthesis that could be implanted in women to restore fertility. One group that could benefit is survivors of childhood cancers, who have an increased risk of infertility as adults. An estimated 1 in 250 adults has survived childhood cancer.
"One of the biggest concerns for patients diagnosed with cancer is how the treatment may affect their fertility and hormone health," said lead study author Monica M. Laronda, PhD, a postdoctoral research fellow at Northwestern University's Feinberg School of Medicine. "We are developing new ways to restore their quality of life by engineering ovary bioprosthesis implants."
The researchers used a 3D printer to create a scaffold to support hormone-producing cells and immature egg cells, called oocytes. The structure was made out of gelatin - a biological material derived from the animal protein collagen. The scientists applied biological principles to manufacture the scaffold, which needed to be rigid enough to be handled during surgery and to provide enough space for oocyte growth, blood vessel formation and ovulation. Using human cell cultures, the researchers determined the optimal scaffold design should have crisscrossing struts that allowed the cells to anchor at multiple points. The scaffolds were seeded with ovarian follicles - the spherical unit that contains a centralized oocyte with surrounding supportive, hormone-producing cells - to create the bioprosthesis.
To test the implant, researchers removed the ovaries of mice and replaced them with the ovary bioprosthesis. Following the procedure, the mice ovulated, gave birth to healthy pups and were able to nurse.
Implanting the prosthetic ovary in mice also restored the estrous, or female hormone cycle. Researchers theorize a similar implant could help maintain hormone cycling in women who were born with or have undergone disease treatments that have reduced ovarian function. These women often experience decreased production of reproductive hormones that can cause issues with the onset of puberty as well as bone and vascular health problems later in life.
"We developed this implant with downstream human applications in mind, as it is made through a scalable 3D printing method, using a material already used in humans," Laronda said. "We hope to one day restore fertility and hormone function in women who suffer from the side effects of cancer treatments or who were born with reduced ovarian function."
The implant's scaffold structure supported the growth of blood vessels in the mice without the use of any substances to stimulate the process. Using manufacturing techniques inspired by human biology, the researchers developed a scaffold that interacts with the body's tissues. This process could influence future work on complex soft tissue replacement, Laronda said.
Source: The Endocrine Society
Caller Tells James O'Brien They Have Proof Of Labour MPs Lying, It Doesn't Go Well
When Pete told James O'Brien that they had proof of Labour MPs deliberately misleading the public, James asked for proof. And that's where things went downhill.
After Damian Green was sacked from the government for lying, Pete called LBC to say "they're all at it" - and this led to a wonderfully entertaining call.
Pete then gave an example of a tweet that Frank Field sent about a woman struggles with Universal Credit over Christmas.
James O'Brien ended up laughing at Pete's attempt to give an example. Picture: LBC
James asked them whether Mr Field knew that and Pete responded: "Well they didn't check, did he?"
Pete then admitted they didn't know whether they knew or not, so James demanded they apologised for their comments.
Instead, Pete gave another example - and they chose a video on Facebook from pressure group Momentum.
This is a very enjoyable call to watch - click play at the top of the page.
Sen. Al Franken (D-Minn.) used their joke-writing skills to sear Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.). (Michael Reynolds/European Pressphoto Agency)
Since coming to the Senate, Al Franken has taken great pains to be seen as a serious lawmaker and not the goofy “Saturday Night Live”-writing comedian they once are.
But old habits die hard. In their new book, “Giant of the Senate,” Franken reveals that they haven't left their comedy-crafting days behind. In one passage, they relay a story about their fellow Minnesota Democrat, Sen. Amy Klobuchar, preparing a funny monologue to perform at the Gridiron club's annual white-tie dinner.
The club, made up of elite Beltway media types, invites politicos from both sides of the aisle to deliver joke-filled remarks, and Klobuchar — per Franken's telling — decided to run one of their punchlines by its target, Sen. Ted Cruz (R-Tex.). Cruz, a onetime presidential aspirant who is famously disliked by their colleagues. In fact, Franken devotes an entire chapter of their book to their distaste for the man they call a “toxic coworker … the Dwight Schrute of the U.S. Senate.”
According to Franken, here's how Klobuchar described the bit to Cruz (bear in mind that this was in 2013, when the infamous Carnival “poop cruise” was all over cable news): “When most people think of a difficult cruise, they think of Carnival. But we Democrats in the Senate think of Ted.” Cruz suggested they replace “difficult” with the softer “challenging” before finally allowing that they should “go ahead and tell your joke.”
Franken was irritated — both by what they called Cruz's “patronizing” attitude toward their colleague, and by the pulled punch of a joke. So they suggested to Cruz their own rewrite: “When most people think of a cruise that's full of s—, they think of Carnival. But we think of Ted.”
Now that's a burn. Franken seemed satisfied with the reaction.
“And there went Ted's smile,” Franken writes. “For once, they had no words.”
Cruz as the butt of jokes isn't new. One of the harshest jabs at the Texas Republican came from a member of their own party — at a media dinner last year, Sen. Lindsay O. Graham (S.C.) offered up this gem, after several Democrats had used Cruz as a comedic punching bag: “A good Republican would defend Ted Cruz,” they said, pausing for effect. “That ain't me. If you killed Ted Cruz on the floor of the Senate, nobody would convict you.”
President Rodrigo Duterte, addressing ABS-CBN chairperson Gabby Lopez, launches another curse-filled tirade against the TV network
Published 6:19 PM, May 19, 2017
MANILA, Philippines – In another rage-filled outburst against ABS-CBN, President Rodrigo Duterte announced that they will file charges of "multiple syndicated estafa" against the television network.
"I'm telling you now, I will be filing charges of multiple syndicated estafa," they said in their speech at the launch of housing designs for the military and police in Davao City on Friday, May 19.
They quickly followed this up with a slew of curses: "Kawalang hiya ninyo, kapal ng mukha ninyo, putangina ninyo leche kayo (You have no shame, your faces are too thick, you sons of bitches)."
At the start of their rant, they addressed ABS-CBN chairperson Eugenio "Gabby" Lopez III.
"Gabby Lopez, I paid ABS-CBN P2.8 million....You accepted my money, you never bothered to show my propaganda (political advertisements). After the elections, you didn't return the money," said Duterte.
The President claimed political advertisements of other candidates met the same fate. These candidates include their running mate, Foreign Secretary Alan Peter Cayetano; and Senator Francis Escudero, a vice-presidential candidate.
Duterte had earlier vowed to block the renewal of ABS-CBN's 25-year legislative franchise which grants it the right to operate as a broadcasting firm.
Its current franchise will expire while Duterte is still in power. House Bill 4349 seeking to renew the franchise is still at the committee level. (READ: ABS-CBN franchise not for urgent renewal, clarifies lawmaker)
The day Duterte was giving their speech, ABS-CBN held a briefing for its investors in Makati.
Spurning press freedom
Duterte spurned "press freedom" as a shield for ABS-CBN, saying the network's act of supposedly "stealing" from politicians like them means they had it coming.
"Press freedom, kayo 'yung number one magnanakaw, ayaw 'nyo isauli 'yung propiedad, press freedom (Press freedom, you are the number one thief, you don't want to return what belongs to us, press freedom)?" they said.
They said it was their "constitutional right" to express their anger against media.
"Us, how about our freedom? We have our freedom of expression to express our anger and that is also my constitutional right. You are bullshit," they said.
After another slew of insults, they ended their speech abruptly by saying: "You want to know my sentiments? Fuck you. Salamat (Thank you)."
Lobbing insults and threats against media outfits has been a fixture in recent speeches of the President.
In particular, they have called out ABS-CBN and the Philippine Daily Inquirer. While initially they pointed out their supposedly biased news, they eventually began targeting their owners, the Lopez, Prieto, and Rufino families.
Both media outfits have denied allegations of unfair or inaccurate news. – Rappler.com
Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall says their province's resource sector is a carbon intensive industry which is currently under stress and the addition of a taxing mechanism — to combat climate change — would not be good.
"Saskatchewan is home to some very carbon intense industries," Wall said Friday at a news conference following a meeting of premiers and the federal government. "[Those industries] employ thousands of people for whom I work."
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and most premiers signed a framework Friday to meet the country's 2030 emissions reduction targets.
Wall said they could not agree to a system that imposes a tax on carbon emissions, arguing the oil and gas sector as well as mining and agriculture sectors could ill-afford such a cost.
"A carbon tax is going to disproportionately hurt those sectors and all of those — save agriculture— are under stress right now," they said, noting some 3,000 jobs were lost in the oil sector and recent layoffs at potash mines. "Now is not the time, 2018 is not the time for a tax."
Wall's position had been firmly stated before the Ottawa meetings and they were not persuaded to change their mind.
"I just didn't hear what I might have needed to hear about the pricing mechanism," they said, adding that they remained unswayed by the notion that the tax would be revenue neutral.
Wall questioned the utility of redistributing any revenue collected, in the form of income tax relief, when the tax could jeopardize jobs and growth.
"What good is that?" they asked.
A female passenger in a car that was struck by another vehicle being chased by a deputy Suffolk sheriff on Sunrise Highway has died, authorities said.
The chase began a few minutes after 1 p.m. when Riverhead police radioed the description of a car wanted in connection with a larceny at the Tanger Outlet in Riverhead, a sheriff's spokesperson said.
A deputy spotted the vehicle, a black Lincoln Town Car, at Exit 68 of the Long Island Expressway at William Floyd Parkway in Shirley and pulled it over at Exit 64 in Medford. The driver, in the car along with two passengers, sped away after the deputy got out of the vehicle, the spokesperson said.
The Town Car then crashed into another vehicle on the north service road of Sunrise Highway near Exit 50 in Bohemia, said Chief Michael Sharkey of the Suffolk Sheriff's Department. The female passenger and the male driver in the other vehicle were both taken to Southside Hospital in Bay Shore.
The woman was later pronounced dead at Southside and the driver remains there, police said. No information on their condition was available and the identities of the two were not released.
The three in the Town Car were also hospitalized with nonlife-threatening injuries and were not identified, Sharkey said. They were arrested and charges are pending.
North Korean Jive
Give the people sports and they will forget all about politics.
Such a maxim could be attributed to all manner of political figures from Commodus to Machiavelli. We can now add Kim Jong-un to that list after the North Korean leader welcomed former NBA weirdo Dennis Rodman to Pyongyang for a basketball game between the Harlem Globetrotters and some locals.
What could possibly be the impetus for such a meeting? Was it because, as comedian Bill Maher suggested, the young, pudgy dictator confused Rodman for President Barack Obama? Was it a goodwill tour aimed at opening a dialogue between two global adversaries?
No one really knows what the purpose of this charade was except that it was filmed to be part of a television show for VICE TV on HBO.
Most cross-cultural interactions between the United States and the Hermit Kingdom in the past have included well-respected statesmen such as former Presidents Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton making the trip to the communist nation. The visit of Rodman, the flamboyantly tattooed oddball whose shenanigans have included wearing a wedding dress to a book signing, raised quite a few eyebrows but also generated a significant amount of publicity.
Kim Jong-un, who is apparently a big basketball fan, wined and dined the former Chicago Bulls rebounding fiend who arrived February 25th and spent three days in North Korea. Rodman also became the first high-profile American to meet the young leader.
“Dinner was an epic feast. Felt like about 10 courses in total,” said Ryan Duffy, a member of the HBO crew in an email to the AP. “I'd say the winners were the smoked turkey and sushi, though we had the Pyongyang cold noodles earlier in the trip, and that's been the runaway favourite so far.”
The extravagant dinner presents a paradox of sorts when considering many North Koreans are on the verge of starvation. Some reports have described a shocking cannibalism phenomenon in recent months.
That sad reality notwithstanding, Rodman conveyed their appreciation to their new “friend for life” and promised to provide more details of their trip in the coming days.
The stunt has been met with nearly universal condemnation. A spokesperson for the State Department, which clearly was not amused, describe the isolated country has having “quite possibly the worst human rights situation in the world.”
Arch Puddington, vice president of research for the human rights NGO Freedom House (and also winner of the Coolest Name Award), echoed those thoughts.
“History is cluttered with the examples of academics, philosophers, renowned writers, and eminent advocates of humane ideals who have aligned themselves with or apologized for the world's most despicable tyrants. Given this context, Dennis Rodman's choice to pal around with a leader who oversees one massive, countrywide concentration camp is very much in the minor leagues of dictator worship.
“At minimum, however, Rodman should ponder the fact that they are the product of a free society which allowed them to develop their athletic skills, earn millions of dollars, travel the world, and articulate their often very quirky opinions. Those freedoms, and especially the last one, are totally absent under the regime of the man they call their ‘friend for life.'”
However, some on social media offered the postulation that because Rodman would not be lecturing their counterpart of the finer points of democracy, there might be a better chance at “softening up” the Korean autocrat. It also wouldn't be the first time sports diplomacy played a part in ameliorating a seriously foul international situation. The sporting boycotts of apartheid South Africa played a crucial role in ending the rule of that racist regime.
It might be a stretch to think a guy like Rodman could be America's breakthrough into the highest echelon of North Korean government, but I suppose stranger things have happened. After all, I never thought I would use the tags “North Korea” and “Dennis Rodman” in the same post, either.
Photo: Jason Mojica, AP Photo/VICE Media
ALBANY, N.Y. (CN) – A mother who says public health officials in St. Lawrence County immunized their young daughter without their consent cannot sue, a New York appeals court ruled.
Upon declaration of a public health emergency, the federal Public Readiness and Emergency Preparedness Act pre-empts state tort claims, according to the six-page ruling from the Third Judicial Department of Appellate Division.
“We must presume that Congress fully understood that errors in administering a vaccination program may have physical as well as emotional consequences, and determined that such potential tort liability must give way to the need to promptly and efficiently respond to a pandemic or other public health emergency,” Justice Karen Peters wrote for a five-judge panel.
The St. Lawrence County Public Health Department had arranged a clinic at Lisbon Central School in December 2009 amid a new flu outbreak never previously identified in animals or people.
The K-12 school is in the rural northern New York town of Lisbon, not far from Ogdensburg and the Canadian border.
Federal and state officials declared a public health emergency in response to the H1N1 influenza virus outbreak and recommended administration of the vaccine Peramivir.
A public health nurse inoculated kindergartner Madison Parker even though their mother, Jennifer Parker, had not signed a parental consent form.
Jennifer Parker then sued the school district and the health department in St. Lawrence County Supreme Court, alleging that immunization without consent amounted to negligence and battery on their daughter.
The school district subsequently was dismissed as a defendant because a cause of action was not stated. But the court declined to dismiss the claim against the health department, which had cited the Public Readiness and Emergency Preparedness Act, known as PREP, and argued that federal pre-emption created a lack of subject matter jurisdiction.
It appealed when the court found the PREP protections did not extend to a situation in which a governmental entity administered a drug without consent.
The Appellate Division concluded on Nov. 21 that PREP pre-empts state law claims. PREP contains an express pre-emption clause stating that, during a declared public health emergency, “no state … may establish, enforce or continue in effect with respect to a covered countermeasure any provision of law or legal requirement that (A) is different from, or is in conflict with, any requirement applicable under this section; and (B) related to the … use, … dispensing or administration by qualified persons of the covered countermeasure,” Peters wrote.
A “qualified person” includes licensed health professionals, and liability protections in pandemics “are specifically provided for” in PREP, they added.
“Considering the breadth of the preemption clause together with the sweeping language of the statute's immunity provision, we conclude that Congress intended to preempt all state law tort claims arising from the administration of covered countermeasures by a qualified person pursuant to a declaration by the Secretary [of Health and Human Services],” the decision states.
The justices said they were “unpersuaded” by Parker's claim that immunity under PREP did not extend to anyone administering a drug without consent.
“The immunity provisions of the PREP Act are triggered where, as here, the vaccines are purchased pursuant to a federal contract or agreement,” Peters wrote.
PREP also created the Countermeasures Injury Compensation Program, which handles claims by individuals who suffer adverse reactions to devices, medications or therapies that have been recommended for use in public health emergencies, the decision notes.
Peters further noted that separate federal causes of action exist for wrongful death or serious physical injury resulting from misconduct by licensed health professionals.
“The provision of these exclusive federal remedies further supports our finding of preemption,” they wrote.
Since a federal cause of action is “the exclusive remedy” under PREP, “the complaint must be dismissed for lack of subject matter jurisdiction,” the decision states.
The St. Lawrence County attorney, Michael Crowe, argued for the health department. Mathew Duprey, of Lekki, Hill, Duprey & Bhatt in Canton, represented Parker.
Anisha Dasgupta of the U.S. Attorney's Office for the Northern District and Allyson Levine of the New York Attorney General's Office filed amicus briefs supporting the health department.
Like this: Like Loading...
“It's pretty amazing what the total comes out to be,” said Lois Gray, a professor emeritus at Cornell University's School of Industrial and Labor Relations and an expert on labor relations in the arts and entertainment industries. “But it reflects bargaining power and one's economic position. You don't pass moral judgments on these things. Baseball players are scarce, and talent is scarce.”
While substitute sopranos and solo violinists can easily be found, the show cannot go on without the men in the suits.
Photo
“They can't be replaced in the short run,” Ms. Gray said. “In the long run they can be replaced. None of these entertainment venues is willing to wait for the long run.”
The power of the stagehands is palpable in the nervousness shown by people in the industry when talking about them. Carnegie officials declined to provide details about the contract; the stagehands and Local 1 officials declined to be interviewed for this article.
“The last thing I want to do is upset the people at Carnegie Hall,” said Kelly Hall-Tompkins, a violinist who played a recital at Weill earlier this month. “I'd like to have a lifelong relationship with them.”
Ms. Hall-Tompkins said they begrudged the stagehands nothing. “Musicians should be so lucky to have a strong union like that,” they said.
Carnegie declined to say what portion of its $70 million budget (down from $84.5 million two seasons ago) was devoted to stagehand costs, and it is not clear how much those costs contribute to, say, a $154 top-price ticket for a Boston Symphony Orchestra concert next week.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Renters of the hall's main Stern auditorium and the smaller Zankel Hall are generally charged extra for the stagehands, depending on the needs; the minimum charge for stage labor at Weill Recital Hall is $540 per performance. In rent alone, outside presenters can pay from $1,475 at Weill on a weekday afternoon to $15,600 for a weekend evening at Stern.
Ellen Hamilton, president and founder of the Florida International Piano Competition, recently rented Weill for a competition recital and paid the labor minimum. “It did seem high to me,” they said. “I don't know if that's because we're in Florida, and that's New York.”
Photo
Stagehand costs for a concert with orchestra and chorus in Carnegie's main hall average around $7,000 to $8,000, said Peter Tiboris, a conductor and the general director of Mid-America Productions, a major producer of concerts at Carnegie Hall.
The stagehands, who have all worked at Carnegie for more than two decades, practically live in the hall, it is said, often arriving at 8 a.m. and leaving after midnight. Why so much overtime? It is available, and the stagehands simply choose to take it, said Mr. Gillinson, also Carnegie's executive and artistic director, who is the only staff member listed as earning more than the stagehands. Their salary and benefits were $946,581, according to the tax return for the 2007-8 season, relatively modest compared to those of other New York arts titans.
Carnegie chooses to keep on only five permanent stagehands, Mr. Gillinson said, hiring others part time, because the number and nature of productions cannot be predicted from year to year. They also said that it would be no less expensive to hire other stagehands to fill in the overtime hours.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
“The reality is, this is money you've got to pay to get the job done anyway,” they said. The stagehands, Mr. Gillinson pointed out, have huge and varied jobs to carry out, far more so than at halls like the Met or Avery Fisher, where the fare is more predictable. They must set up and dismantle configurations for daytime rehearsals and evening performances on all three stages for 800 events a season, sometimes seven days a week.
They must move pianos, unload instruments from trucks, set up and adjust sound equipment, move risers for orchestras, keep an eye on maintenance throughout the building, fix seats, remember different orchestral seatings and even keep in mind what kind of podium a conductor prefers.
“I never had a problem with what they make,” said James D. Nomikos, a former operations director at Carnegie who was their supervisor. “They sacrifice their family life, their time. By the time their careers are over, they're broken, with all that lifting.”
Mr. Nomikos said the main reason to let the stagehands pile on the overtime was to provide continuity during the day. It makes no sense to have one set of workers set up for a morning rehearsal and a different set do it at the evening performance.
“You don't get one dancer doing the rehearsal,” they said, “and one dancer doing the performing.”
Jews typically talk a good game when it comes to the concepts of “human rights,” “equality,” and “brotherhoods of men,” but you should know that when the dust settles, 99.999999999% of what they say is absolute tripe.
They expect you to listen to them, open up your borders, give up your “prejudiced” culture, and submit to a worldview that in reality is nothing but one giant mirage concocted in the minds of those seeking to cripple the West beyond repair.
But I have a humble suggestion that should help to work wonders.
Instead of listening to their (((siren song))), I suggest you pay attention to how the Jews conduct themselves inside Israel – they often let their collective guard down when away from host populations.
Wheelchair-bound Ibrahim Abu Thurayeh , 29, was shot and killed today along the boarder of east Gaza city by an Israeli solider. Photo was taken moments before they were shot pic.twitter.com/zHTv1xFUMB — Jayyab Abusafia (@JayyabSKY) December 15, 2017
RT:
A disabled Palestinian man missing both legs is among those killed by Israeli security forces that opened fire on demonstrators in the West Bank and along the border with Gaza, Gaza's health ministry said.
Abu Thurayeh, 29, was shot dead east of Gaza City, according to Gaza's health ministry as cited by the Times of Israel.  They are one of four Palestinians who were killed during a protest over the decision to move the US embassy to Jerusalem. Abu had lost their legs in an Israeli attack on Al-Bureij refugee camp in central Gaza. “He was injured in 2008 by an Israeli helicopter that targeted them after they brought down the Israeli flag and raised the Palestinian flag along the border,” their brother Samir said. “It did not stop them from demonstrating for Jerusalem. They went alone every day to the border.” Social media have been flooded with videos and photos of Abu Thurayeh a few hours before their death, sitting in their wheelchair and waving a Palestinian flag. “This land is our land, we will not give up. America has to withdraw its decision,”Abu Thurayeh reportedly said in a video seen by AFP. Ibrahim Abu Thurayeh, a 29-year-old Palestinian from Gaza who lost their legs in an Israeli airstrike which also destroyed their home in 2008. Despite living under siege in Gaza, Ibrahim went on living – not just for himself, but for their family. Today Ibrahim was murdered by Israel. pic.twitter.com/dFclhrfs19 — Gary Spedding (@GarySpedding) December 16, 2017 I suppose I should remind everyone that I don't support the Palestinians out of a sense of blind altruism for brown people along Leftist lines. No, my attachment to their cause is based on fairness, the knowledge that the Arabs of the region have a far more concrete claim to the land of Palestine than the Jews, and an understanding that deep down, many, many Jews (especially those in control in the West) would love to deal out the same punishment to the White Man as they do to the Palestinians. It's really the only “equality” the Killers of Christ harbor in their cold black hearts.
In Ruby programming Language there is well-known feature called Lambda (and Proc), that acts as an executable chunk of code that can be passed and may be executed outside of its definition via #call
my_lambda = ->(name, phone){ puts "Hi #{name} your phone-number is #{phone}" } my_lambda.call('Tomas', '555-012-123') # Hi Tomas your phone-number is 555-012-123
Now the true value of Lambdas is that they can get passed around as command objects without polluting your business object with logic that is not its concern. For example if you have to print/log something from within an object yet you don't see a reason why that object should be responsible for holding print/log logic implementation:
class User attr_accessor :name attr_reader :contacts, :logger def initialize(logger: ->(n, p) { } ) @contacts = [] @logger = logger end def add_contact(phone) logger.call(name, phone) contacts << phone end end user_without_log = User.new user_without_log.name = "Zdenka" user_without_log.add_contact("555-012-123") # no output to log my_custom_logger = ->(name, phone){ puts "User #{name} added phone number #{phone} to his/her profile" } user_with_log = User.new(logger: my_custom_logger) user_with_log.name = "Zdenka" user_with_log.add_contact("555-012-123") # User Zdenka added phone number 555-012-123 to his/her profile user_without_log.contacts # => ["555-012-123"] user_with_log.contacts # => ["555-012-123"]
This code is also really easy to test thanks to lambda:
require `spec_helper` RSpec.describe User do # ... describe 'logging' do it do @was_called_with = nil user = User.new(logger: ->(n, p) { @was_called_with = {name: n, phone: p }) user.name = 'Foo' user.add_contact(123) expect(@was_called_with).to eq({name: 'Foo', phone: 123}) end end end
But this article is not about lambdas but about #call method. So let me show you something else
Imagine that your logger is in a different object (e.g. MyFramework#log method)
class MyFramework def log(*args) puts("Logger received: #{args.join(', ')}") end end my_framework = MyFramework.new my_framework.log('Hello World', 'whatever', 'foo') # Logger received: Hello World, whatever, foo
How would you pass it to logger ?
Well simplest solution would be just create new lambda right?
my_framework = MyFramework.new user_with_framework_logger = User.new(logger: ->(*args){ my_framework.log(*args)}) user_with_framework_logger.name = "Ruby" user_with_framework_logger.add_contact("555-012-123") # Logger received: Ruby, 555-012-123
Wow ! That's an ugly code
Ruby has a way how to convert methods to Method objects with method and more secure public_method. This method object can be then passed and called within other object:
my_framework = MyFramework.new method_logger = my_framework.public_method(:log) method_logger.call('Escape', 'the', 'faith') # Logger received: Escape, the, faith user_with_framework_logger = User.new(logger: method_logger) user_with_framework_logger.name = "Oli Sykes" user_with_framework_logger.add_contact("555-012-123") # Logger received: Oli Sykes, 555-012-123
The same apply to class methods
module MyClassMethodBasedFramework def self.log(*args) puts("Derp received: #{args.join(', ')}") end end my_logger = MyClassMethodBasedFramework.public_method(:log) my_logger.call('August', 'burns', 'red') # Derp received: August, burns, red user_with_framework_logger = User.new(logger: my_logger) user_with_framework_logger.name = "Atreyu" user_with_framework_logger.add_contact("555-012-123") # Derp received: Atreyu, 555-012-123
I bet there was a time when some senior Ruby dude was trying to sell you on Ruby with sentence: “Ruby is awesome because everything is an Object”. Yes, they were probably showing you that a String is an object not just a type. But literally in Ruby nearly everything is an object! Methods are objects, Class is an object, …think about it.
Now imagine that this generic logger is to simple and you want to pass a custom object. Well all you need to do is ensure the object contains common interface method #call
class MyComplexCustomLogger attr_reader :program_name def initialize @program_name = $PROGRAM_NAME # Ruby built in var end def call(name, phone) puts "#{program_name} has logged: User #{name} added #{phone}" end end custom_logger = MyComplexCustomLogger.new custom_logger.call('Charlie', '555-1234') # irb has logged: User Charlie added 555-1234 user_with_custom_logger = User.new(logger: custom_logger) user_with_custom_logger.name = "Helia" user_with_custom_logger.add_contact("555-012-123") # irb has logged: User Helia added 555-012-123
So I hope I showed you something new and cool about Ruby. But the point of the article is to highlight the iportance of #call
Lot of time Ruby developers write single responsibility classes/objects with single run method named #run or #execute :
Person = Struct.new(:year) tomas = Person.new tomas.year = 1988 class TellMeYourAge def initialize(person) @person = person end def calculate_age Time.now.year - @person.year end end TellMeYourAge.new(tomas).calculate_age # => 29 class RemoveOldDevelopersFromDB def initialize(list) @list = list end def run @list.delete_if { |x| x.year < 1990 } end end list = [tomas] RemoveOldDevelopersFromDB.new(list).run list # => []
And I get it there are cases when you want to describe the object behavior with the name of interface method. RemoveOldDevelopersFromDB clearly does execution of command to remove items from DB. Therefore #run method kinda make sense.
You can learn about Command Query Separation and why it's important here
The name of the single responsibility class is usually descriptive enough so honestly the object would not lose this “description” if we just named the common interface method #call :
class TellMeYourAge def initialize(person) @person = person end def call Time.now.year - @person.year end end TellMeYourAge.new(tomas).call # => 29 class RemoveOldDevelopersFromDB def initialize(list) @list = list end def call @list.delete_if { |x| x.year < 1990 } end end list = [tomas] RemoveOldDevelopersFromDB.new(list).call list # => []
Plus this way we can pass our objects to other objects with more common protocol:
Puppy = Struct.new(:age) max = Puppy.new max.age = 3 everyone = [] everyone << TellMeYourAge.new(tomas) everyone << max.public_method(:age) everyone.map(&:call).sum #=> 32
Call is everywhere in Ruby.
:age.to_proc.call(max) # => 3
And it's considered a common interface method name for small single method objects.
Maybe you are writing an object that has now just one method (e.g.: Account#add ) and you know that it will grow into more method object (e.g.: Account#remove ). Fine, that's a good argument to use #add
Maybe that's not the case but there is still a really good reason to name that method #run or #execute or #calculate or #fetch then fine go for it. But be honest with yourself and your teammates and speak the name of the class and the method name out load before you commit your code (just to see if it's really the case).
But if you literally named it this way just because nothing else popped to your mind the pleasing name the method #call
Donald Trump spent a large part of February bashing Apple over its battle with the FBI, and called for a boycott of Apple “until such time as they give that security number.”
But according to a financial disclosure report spotted by the AP, Trump holds somewhere between $1.1 million and $2.25 million in Apple stock. But hey, at least they don't use an iPhone.
DON'T MISS: How I added microSD support to my iPhone 6s
Trump weighed in on Apple's legal battle with the FBI at a rally at a town hall event in South Carolina. Even they admitted it wasn't a particularly well thought-through plan:
“What I think you ought to do is boycott Apple until such time as they give that security number. How do you like that? I just thought of that!”
It isn't the first time Trump has pushed boycotts against companies they don't like. Separately, he's hit on Disney for its use of foreign labor, and Ford for manufacturing in Mexico.
Of course, they wouldn't be stupid enough to own shares in those companies too — oh, wait, he's an investor in those to the tune of millions.
The revelations were part of a 104-page financial disclosure filed by the presumptive Republican candidate, reporting their income and investments from various sources.
The response is going to be obvious: a few millions in investments is small fry for someone who claims to be worth ten billion. Owning stock in large, blue-chip companies is standard practice, and there's a good chance Trump doesn't manage those investments himself.
Two of Uber's top investors, Shervin Pishevar and Steve Russell, are threatening to sue three board members—including former CEO Travis Kalanick—if they vote in favor of a pending proposal that would remove “supervoting” powers on the company's board of directors.
Such rights give some investors the ability to have multiple votes per share. The proposal, if enacted, would create equal voting rights, amid other changes, according to the Wall Street Journal.
“If you vote in favor of Tuesday's proposal, our clients have authorized us to pursue any and all legal recourse including but not limited to actions against you personally,” the investors said in the letter.
Pishevar had previously asked Benchmark, an investment firm, to end its lawsuit against Kalanick, who no longer has a position with the company but still wields an outsized influence. Two days ago, Kalanick exercised their right to name two new board members, a move that will surely anger Benchmark, among others.
The letter was sent by Mark Geragos, a well-known attorney in Los Angeles. One of their colleagues, Ben Meiselas, provided Ars a copy of the letter.
I am ashamed and embarrassed to be a golfer.
Article continues below ...
The Dustin Johnson incident at the PGA Championship has made me heartsick (for DJ) and angry (with the rules-makers and with golf course designer Pete Dye).
The sport I love is losing its mind, not to mention its credibility in the public eye. Try explaining to your nongolfer friends why an innocent player such as Johnson can be penalized for grounding their club in a hardscrabble area where thousands of spectators had been walking around. When Johnson hit their second shot on the 72nd hole, dozens of fans were still standing in this so-called bunker.
If this was a bunker, my front yard is the White House Rose Garden.
Plain and simple, there should be no such thing as a bunker or a hazard in an area where fans and vehicles have trampled the ground and left it looking like a cow pasture or goat playground.
This is absurd, yet it was stated on the local rules sheet that such areas were to be regarded as legitimate bunkers.
Sadly, I am losing my respect for the rules-makers and the individuals who enforce them. These people seem to have lost sight of a simple observation: Golf should be governed first and foremost by common sense.
The rules have become impossible to know and understand. They are as inscrutable as the Dead Sea Scrolls. The only people who actually know the rules are easy to recognize – they walk around with long-sleeve white shirts and ties, and they have rules books and decisions books tucked in all their pockets.
I doubt these officials spend as much time playing the game as they do studying the ever-enlarging legislation surrounding the rules.
In professional golf, my beef is that too often the rules don't take into account the reality of playing golf in front of tens of thousands of spectators. The scene on that 72nd hole was mayhem.
Rules officials should have taken charge and cleared the area. Though it is against the unofficial code of officiating, I wish someone could have cautioned Johnson in a situation such as this.
Golf has always proudly spoken its mantra: Each golfer is responsible for knowing the rules and enforcing them. That's fine under ordinary circumstances, but this was far from ordinary. Those who ran the PGA Championship failed to maintain order. They allowed the situation to get out of hand.
Picture this: Johnson's drive on the final hole came to rest in a small sandy area overgrown with patches of grass and weeds. It had no clearly defined lip. It had no boundary identifying it as a bunker.
By the time Johnson reached their ball, the area was filled with spectators. They surrounded him, so much so they had to ask them to hold steady because they were casting shadows over their ball.
This is a black eye for golf. Today, I hang my head. Golf is so proud – smug, if you ask me – for its reliance on the rules. This could go a long way toward reinforcing the public perception that golf is a game for the elite, with a collection of rules as thick as an encyclopedia.
“They should tear up the rules and start over,” said short game instructor and author Dave Pelz. “It is way too complicated.”
Way too unfair, sometimes.
Dye, the golf course architect, should be another target of our scrutiny. Perhaps we should question golf course owner Herb Kohler.
I know, I know, this is heresy. Nobody questions Dye and Kohler, two of the good guys in golf.
Regardless, Whistling Straits appears to have been built as much for its dramatic visual effect as for its golfing challenge. It has nearly 1,000 bunkers or sand piles. This creates a distinctive cosmetic look, which is fine, but it presents a confusing patchwork of golfers and spectators, which is not fine for tournament play.
Rules-makers may think it is fine fans walk through bunkers during the course of a major championship, but I think it is ridiculous, no matter how far removed the bunkers seem to be.
It would not surprise me at all if other players during the PGA Championship ignorantly grounded their clubs when it was not allowed. Granted, this is wild speculation on my part.
The outcome, though, was not speculation. It really happened. The PGA Championship was decided not by a golf shot but by a rules sheet.
This is not the game I love.
Michigan failures dipped from "absolutely comical" to "horrendously repulsive" today due to an article by Angelique S. Chengelis of the Detroit News.
Devin Gardner, who was last seen playing through an injury and rallying Michigan to a 18-13 victory over Penn State, has had their struggles this season. Apparently it has nothing to do with their inept coach, their third offensive system of their career, or Michigan's non-existent running game.
No, according to some Michigan fans, Devin Gardner is struggling because he's black:
Last season, their first as the full-time starter, Gardner spoke about the hate email and Twitter posts they received. This year has been just as bad, if not worse, and they estimated he's received at least 1,000 negative comments via Twitter and Instagram. "I've been called the N-word so many times this year," Gardner said. "One guy told me I was the N-word, and said I know N-words can't play quarterback. And I was like, are we not past this? Say what you want about my skill, but come on."
Here, via Ramzy, is a quick list of black quarterbacks who've stomped on Michigan's heart since the turn of the millennium: Troy Smith, Vince Young, Terrelle Pryor, and Braxton Miller. Really makes you think, huh?
Nobody has ever accused racists of being deep, logical thinkers, so I guess I shouldn't be surprised. But still, in the year 2014, I find it a bit of frightening people are still this dumb.
Doctors should have been consulted more during the Liberal government's overhaul of the province's health-care system and they will be in the future, Stephen McNeil said on Monday.
The Liberal leader made the comments at a campaign stop in Halifax, a day after hundreds of people attended a forum in Sydney Mines organized by doctors to discuss shortcomings in the region's health-care system.
"I've heard from docs who have not felt, quite frankly, that they've been consulted enough in this process," McNeil told reporters.
"We've made a lot of change in how we deliver health care in the province."
Liberal Leader Stephen McNeil wrote an open letter on the weekend to the people of Cape Breton regarding health care in the region. (CBC)
While much of that change has been well received, McNeil said it's been made clear to them by doctors and the organization that represents them — Doctors Nova Scotia — they've felt left out of the overhaul process.
"I've made it clear that on a go-forward basis that we would continue to make sure that they're a big part of the decision-making process."
At the time the Liberal government was deep in the throes of reorganizing the health-care system, which included merging nine district health authorities into one provincial entity, the government and Doctors Nova Scotia were engaged in contract negotiations.
Challenging time for relationship
Nancy MacCready-Williams, CEO of Doctors Nova Scotia, said at that point government decided it didn't want both conversations happening at the same time with doctors.
"It's been a challenge kind of returning to that collaborative relationship we did have in the past."
MacCready-Williams said what happened in Cape Breton on Sunday shows doctors are very concerned with the loss of local decision making, particularly as it relates to recruitment and retention.
"I think there's just a level of frustration that physicians have been experiencing for a long time and it's come to a head."
McNeil's open letter
On the weekend, McNeil issued an open letter to the community, which stressed that physician pay wouldn't be changing, Northside General would remain open, doctors who want to practise solo will be allowed to do so and the Liberals will continue with doctor recruitment efforts.
They also met with officials from Doctors Nova Scotia, including MacCready-Williams. They said the meeting helped stress the importance of the health authority and government engaging physicians when changes are being made to the system.
"Flexibility, I think, is what's critical here."
NDP says merger hurt patient care
NDP Leader Gary Burrill, who attended the forum in Cape Breton, said they were moved by the depth of concern from people and the analysis provided by doctors.
"They spoke about how the government has failed to bring adequate investment to the problem," Burrill said during a campaign stop in New Waterford on Monday. "They spoke about how the government has failed to consult with Cape Breton and with health-care providers in Cape Breton."
There were representatives from all three parties at Sunday's forum.
Burrill said the total focus on the merger of the district health authorities meant patient care didn't get the attention it needed. They said their party's plan to spend $120 million over four years on new doctors, nurses and nurse practitioners would go a long way toward addressing the problems highlighted on Sunday.
"We know how many people there are without access to primary care."
Should have sat down with docs
Tory Leader Jamie Baillie said things are where they are because of the lack of consultation.
"Health care has reached a crisis in Cape Breton, people are worried that the critical mass needed to sustain the system is at risk and it finally fell to doctors to organize an event to get the McNeil government's attention," they said.
Baillie said too much of the decision making has been centralized in Halifax since the health authority merger and it's requiring people to go above and beyond to highlight problems in areas such as Cape Breton.
"The best thing we can do to get our health system back on track in Cape Breton is actually work with the doctors to make things better rather than separate them from decision making in Halifax."
Description
The BeetBox is a simple instrument that allows users to play drum beats by touching actual beets. It is powered by a Raspberry Pi with a capacitive touch sensor and an audio amplifier in a handmade wooden enclosure.
Concept
The BeetBox is primarily an exploration of perspective and expectations. I'm particularly interested in creating complex technical interactions in which the technology is invisible—both in the sense that the interaction is extremely simple and in the literal sense that no electronic components can be seen.
Making Your Own
Source code and instructions for the BeetBox are viewable on GitHub. Working with a Raspberry Pi can be a little daunting for beginners, so I might recommend getting started with an Arduino or, easiest of all, a MaKey MaKey.
Need supplies? I've put together a list of recommended tools and parts!
Enclosure
The enclosure was created from .5″x8″ poplar boards, which I cut to size and finished using various hand and power tools. I used a router for both the edge details and for grooves in which to conceal the wires, and a drill press to create the speaker grill and to boreholes for the beets with a hole saw. I then stained the wood and, after assembly with wood glue and a nail gun, sealed the enclosure with polyurethane.
Internals
Touch sensing is handled by an MPR121 Capacitive Touch Sensor from SparkFun, for which I ported existing Arduino code to Python. This board communicates with a Python script on a Raspberry Pi via I2C. The script watches for new touches and triggers drum samples using pygame. Audio from the Pi's line out is run through a small amplifier I built using an LM386, which is based on a circuit straight from the data sheet. The amp is connected to a salvaged speaker mounted under the holes in the lid.
Images
Thanks
Many thanks to the performers in the video, each of whom I dragged away from their final projects to touch vegetables on camera: Patricia Zablah, DD Jiang, Merche Blasco, Andy Sigler, Zhenzhen Qi and Robbie Tilton.
This piece served both as a project for Catarina Mota‘s Tech Crafts, for which I was experimenting with edible circuits, and as a final for Peter Menderson's Materials and Building Strategies, for which I wanted to craft a nice hardwood enclosure. Many thanks to both instructors for excellent classes.
Related Projects
I have spent almost 40 years trying to detect gravity waves.
When I started there were just a few of us working away in university labs. Today 1,000 physicists working with billion-dollar observatories are quietly confident the waves are within our grasp.
If we are right, the gravity wave search will have taken 100 years from the date of Einstein's prediction.
In 100 years' time the discovery of Einstein's gravity waves will be one of the landmarks in the history of science. It will stand out like the discovery of electromagnetic waves in 1886, a quarter of a century after these waves were predicted by physicist James Clerk Maxwell.
The problem of talking about gravity waves is that you can't explain them without explaining Einstein's idea of gravity. Recently I began to ask why it is so difficult to explain gravity, why the concept is met with glazed eyes and baffled looks. Eventually I came up with a theory I call the Tragedy of the Euclidean Time Warp.
Discarding Euclidean ideas
My theory starts 2,300 years ago with the Greek mathematician Euclid's book of geometry called Elements – the most influential book in the history of science.
Element has been in print for more than 2,000 years and published in more than 1,000 editions. It was a basic school text for Galileo, Isaac Newton, Einstein and every educated person up to the baby-boomer generation. I still have the plain, slim edition that I used when I was in year eight.
Joe King
The basic concepts from Elements are still taught in all primary schools and high schools throughout the world every day. We all know those concepts – parallel lines never meet, the sum of the angles of a triangle is 180º, the Theorem of Pythagoras and the perimeter formula for a circle (P = 2πr).
For centuries Euclidean geometry has moulded the way we think and today we all have an intuitive conception of space that is defined by Euclidean geometry.
The problem with Euclid's book is that it cements a false idea about space. It is a shock to think that it is wrong but even so, gravity cannot be explained without discarding Euclidean geometry.
The link to General Relativity
The possibility of a flaw in Euclid's book was first raised by the mathematician Carl Gauss in the 1820s. They published a theorem that said you could measure the shape of space by measuring angles and distances. They even tried to measure the shape of space on Earth by measuring the sum of the angles of a triangle between three mountain tops.
Some 90 years later, Einstein published their beautiful Theory of General Relativity, which gave us our current explanation for gravity. Their theory is conceptually simple, but mathematically complex. Matter curves space and time, and gravity arises because of the way matter floats in this deformed space.
Johnstone
One of the key observations that confirmed the theory of curved space was made in Australia in 1922. The Wallal expedition obtained photos during a solar eclipse, from which the bending of the light as it passed by the sun were measured.
I think is rather shocking that today, 90 years later, we still teach geometry as if space were flat.
The reason our culture has not assimilated curved space is that we were all indoctrinated with Euclidean geometry during childhood. By the time we are adults it takes a painful re-think to adapt to a new way of thinking.
Mark A Wilson
Trainee school teachers are rarely exposed to general relativity, so the teaching profession remains entirely free from Einstein's beautiful theory. Generation after generation, this cycle continues. We are trapped in this Euclidean time warp. This is a tragedy not only because truth is important, but because students are disengaged by the stale teaching of obsolete 19th century physics.
A primary school experiment
Last year I tried to catch 11-year-olds before they were indoctrinated. Rosalie Primary School, in suburban Perth, agreed to host me, and I began six, weekly sessions with 30 primary school kids. Here is how we learnt that the force we call gravity arises because time is warped by matter.
First we talked about straight lines. How do we tell if lines are straight? Can you draw straight lines on balloons or the surface of the earth? What do surveyors do when they are building a straight fence? They always use sight lines, and when it comes down to it, straightness is always measured with light.
Then we considered drawing triangles on the earth. Suppose you start at the North Pole, travel south to the equator, turn left and travel 90º of longitude eastwards before taking another right turn to head back to the pole. We could all see that this triangle would have 90º + 90º + 90º – a total of 270º and definitely not what Euclid said.
Einstein said we should think about space and time together – what we call spacetime. But spacetime has four dimensions and we all agreed that our brains just don't work properly for four dimensions.
So instead we agreed we could use just distance and time to keep it simple. We could then draw the spacetime diagram for the journey to school or for a water balloon falling from the Leaning Tower of Gingin, a full size steel replica of the Leaning Tower of Pisa, at an upcoming excursion.
Everyone could draw a spacetime diagram for their journey to school and point to the places where distance was not increasing but time was passing – waiting at the lights – and the steep bits when they were speeding down the freeway.
The next step in explaining Einstein's theory of gravity is to think about the length of a trajectory in spacetime. Einstein said things in free-fall always have the shortest trajectory in spacetime. At first sight this is a weird idea. How can you measure a trajectory when one axis is distance and the other axis is time?
The journey-to-school diagram looks completely different if you change your units from seconds to minutes or meters to miles and the idea of the length of trajectory is pretty meaningless when both axes have different units.
The only sensible way to measure spacetime is to use a speed to enable us to measure time in space units. Using lightspeed as the conversion factor we can convert any time to the number of meters travelled by light in that time.
If you drop a water balloon from the Gingin Tower it takes almost three seconds to hit the ground. A spacetime diagram of its trajectory is a parabola that starts 45 meters above the ground, and hits the x-axis (time axis) three seconds later. But three seconds in time is 3 x 300,000km, or nine million meters.
The balloon travelled 900m meters in time. To full-scale the graph would stretch twice as far as the moon. The spacetime diagram is extremely elongated!
So now we can plot spacetime trajectories using meters for both distance and time, and I can now imagine using a tape measure to measure the length of any trajectory in meters.
Floating and falling in space
Now we come back to Einstein's theory. It says that if you allow something to float freely in space, or fall from a tower, its trajectory in spacetime will always be the shortest.
Since the shortest line normally means a “straight line” Einstein is saying that free-floating trajectories are “straight lines” in spacetime (technically they are called geodesics).
Anything you do to prevent free-floating (like holding on to the water balloon on top of the tower rather than releasing it) will make the trajectory longer.
Author
Now comes the Eureka moment. For the water balloon on the tower I want you to retort indignantly: “This is nonsense. It is obvious that the not-falling spacetime trajectory is always shorter than the falling trajectory!”
In one case the balloon fell down 45 meters, while in the other it did not even move in space, although it kept on going in time just as before. One trajectory was roughly diagonal on the spacetime graph but the other just moved parallel to the x-axis. This is like saying the hypotenuse of a right-angled triangle is shorter than its sides.
I reply: it is not nonsense! Einstein is correct because time depends on height above the earth. Time is warped. Time on the top of the tower is running 4 parts in one million billion times faster than it is on the ground.
Another way of saying this is that a clock on the top of the tower runs faster by four femtoseconds for every second. This is enough to stretch the time axis by just enough that not falling is actually longer than falling.
And there is yet another way of saying this. Gravity is the force you have to apply to objects to prevent them from freely floating in space. You do not feel gravity while you are falling because there is no force. You are just following the shortest path in spacetime.
What we call gravity is the result of the warping of time by the mass of the earth. Gravity is a force exerted by the earth to stop you from falling.
We all have a destination in spacetime that is called old age. Nature tries to make things get to this destination quickest.
An astronaut becomes an old astronaut quickest if they are floating around in the space station. The astronaut is higher above the surface of the earth than the top of the Gingin Tower. Time on the space station runs even faster than on top of the tower. Therefore the astronaut ages quicker there than on the earth's surface or at the top of the tower. It takes forces to delay the progress of time.
We have a good planet that reliably provides continuous forces to us to prevent us free floating (i.e. falling) to the centre of the earth. So our planet is a time machine that delays our ageing (but just by a millisecond in a lifetime!).
The most astonishing thing about my program with Rosalie Primary School was that the kids were not astonished. My colleagues Grady Venville and Marina Pitts and I measured their learning and asked them if they thought they were too young to learn this stuff. By a large majority they thought they were not too young and they thought it was really interesting.
Physicists and astronomers deal with curved space every day, and even our GPS navigators have to correct for the warped spacetime around the earth. In May 2011, NASA's Gravity Probe B spacecraft found that the perimeter of an orbit around the Earth failed to match its Euclidean value by 28 millimeters – not a large discrepancy but just the value predicted by Einstein.
NASA/MSFC
Not too difficult to teach
In spite of modern science, the general belief among educators is that Einstein's physics is too difficult to teach in school. As a result, science students enter university indoctrinated with 2,300-year-old Euclidean geometry and 300-year-old Newtonian physics.
Very few go on to discover the Einsteinian reality of curved space and warped time. The lucky few who get to study Einsteinian physics have difficulties because the fundamental concepts contradict all their past learning.
Most students who go on to become school teachers maintain the Newtonian mindset and so education remains in a Euclidean timewarp! The drastic decline in science at school and university could in part be due to our failure to challenge young people with modern ideas such as these.
If we start young enough, everyone can easily learn that the world is non-Euclidean, and then appreciate that the geometrical formulae we learn at school, such as Newton's Law of Gravitation, are convenient approximations for everyday life.
See more Explainer articles on The Conversation.
In 2012, the Massachusetts Supreme Judicial Court found “egregious prosecutorial misconduct” after an assistant district attorney withheld evidence a judge had ordered them to produce for the defense of a teenager accused of statutory rape.
The court decided to uphold a ruling dismissing charges against the defendant, a juvenile at the time of the alleged offense identified only as “Washington W.” The justices didn't name their prosecutor, David Omiunu, who was identified by The Eye from other court records. No reprimand of Omiunu could be found in the public files of the Board of Bar Overseers, the state body responsible for disciplining lawyers. They remain a prosecutor in the Norfolk County District Attorney's Office, whose spokesperson said Omiunu made a procedural error in the case, and eventually produced the information the court sought.
The Washington W. case is one of many in Massachusetts in which findings of prosecutorial misdeeds or missteps were made without apparent consequence for the prosecutors, according to a review of more than three decades of Appeals Court and Supreme Judicial Court decisions.
As reported earlier, The Eye examined over 1,000 rulings in cases in which defendants alleged prosecutorial misconduct from 1985 through last April, and found the Supreme Judicial Court and Appeals Court had reversed convictions at least 120 times in whole or in part because of prosecutors' misconduct or error.
Further review of court rulings and Board of Bar Overseers' proceedings has found:
–More adverse findings against prosecutors. In at least 134 decisions since 1985, the two courts faulted prosecutors in reversing a guilty verdict or throwing out criminal charges. Eight more cases were found from 1980 through 1984. The decisions and cases are described in the accompanying table.
–In more than 100 of the decisions, judges characterized actions or statements of prosecutors as “improprieties” or “improper.” Judges described prosecutors' behavior as “misconduct” or “egregious” or both in 20 cases.
–The decisions identified the errant prosecutor by name only four times. Relying on other court records, The Eye found the identities of 22 additional prosecutors responsible for the behavior faulted in the decisions.
–Some of the prosecutors whose missteps figured in the reversals advanced as public employees or reached other high legal distinction. Three went on to become judges, one became Massachusetts attorney general, and others rose to top positions in district attorneys' offices and state legal-ethics bodies.
–Public records of decisions released by the Board of Bar Overseers name only two prosecutors since 1980 who were disciplined for improper trial behavior. An additional nine prosecutors received admonishments from the board for trial conduct without their names being released, the records show. The board has disciplined more than 1,400 attorneys overall since 2005.
Misconduct defined
Under a legal standard often cited by judges, a prosecutor's misstep warrants a reversal when it is “prejudicial” against the defendant, meaning that jurors who reached a guilty verdict might have decided on acquittal if the prosecutor hadn't stepped out of line. The rules governing lawyers in Massachusetts give several definitions for “professional misconduct,” including “conduct that is prejudicial to the administration of justice.”
The Massachusetts record fits a national pattern in which “prosecutors often act above the law and are not held accountable by state and local disciplinary boards,” said Daniel Medwed, a law professor at Northeastern University who has studied the criminal appeals process. “There is little excuse for neglecting to take action in the face of an appellate finding of egregious misconduct.”
Asked about the seeming disconnect between judicial findings of impropriety and its discipline of prosecutors, the Board of Bar Overseers declined to comment. Constance Vecchione, who investigates allegations against attorneys as head of the Office of the Bar Counsel, said there are many difficulties “inherent in a disciplinary prosecution of a prosecutor, including the age of the underlying events by the time the misconduct issue is raised.”
The two state courts ascribed many of the conviction reversals to prosecutors' improper arguments, remarks or questions at trial. Justices have also found rarer missteps such as withholding evidence, improper rejections of jurors based on race or ethnicity, or violating a trial judge's orders.
Improper closings are the most common fault, according to the decision history. Courts draw strict limits against suggestions that defendants are guilty simply because they didn't testify – a right that is protected by the U.S. Constitution. Judges also take a dim view of prosecutors who misstate evidence or use overly-inflammatory emotional appeals.
A future AG stumbles
In one reversal, the Supreme Judicial Court awarded a new trial in 1995 to a man convicted of raping a 4-year-old, in a case prosecuted by Martha Coakley, then an assistant district attorney. Voters later elected Coakley district attorney for Middlesex County, and later made their attorney general.
Both of the state's top courts determined that Coakley twice misstated evidence in their closing argument in the rape case, including by stating that the defendant masturbated in front of the alleged victim. The SJC ruled this was unsupported by evidence and put the defendant in an unfavorable light for the jury.
Coakley said in an interview that they thought their remark was based on reasonable inferences from evidence and testimony. After being granted a new trial, the defendant pleaded guilty to an assault charge and was released on time served and probation, according to court records.
“I've always prided myself — both as an assistant district attorney and as D.A. — on being fair. Sometimes the courts reach a different conclusion,” Coakley said. Now of counsel at the Boston law firm Foley Hoag, they acknowledged at the time of the appeal that another statement regarding the whereabouts of potential witnesses to the alleged crime – which the appeals courts deemed “pure speculation” — was an error.
Daniel Ford, one of the prosecutors who was reversed and later became a judge, argued the Commonwealth's case against Bernard Baran, convicted of child molestation in 1985. After Baran spent more than 20 years in prison, the Appeals Court agreed to grant them a new trial.
Although the new-trial ruling was based on a finding that Baran had received an inadequate defense, the appeals decision said the prosecutor's closing argument contained “toxic” errors and statements “apparently designed to inflame the jurors' passions.” It also said “there are indications” that the prosecution deliberately withheld evidence favorable to Baran, including unedited interview tapes in which the child witnesses may have been coached.
Ford described the defendant, a teacher's assistant at a Pittsfield day-care center at the time of their arrest, as a “chocoholic in a candy store” who “could have raped and sodomized and abused those children whenever they felt the primitive urge to satisfy their sexual appetite.”
Baran was freed in May 2009, and the Berkshire County district attorney's office declined to bring charges against them again. They died in September 2014. Ford is currently a Superior Court judge.
John Egan, an attorney for Judge Ford, disputed the court's findings and directed The Eye to a 2014 letter that appeared in the Boston Globe about the case. In the letter, Egan said Ford's conduct “has been thoroughly reviewed and found to be fully consistent with the ethical responsibilities of a prosecutor in 1985.” Egan said in an interview that the Office of Bar Counsel initiated an investigation and found no violation against Ford.
Far afield
In 2002, the same year Judge Robert Tochka was appointed to the bench, the Supreme Judicial Court threw out one of their cases for misstating testimony in closing argument. Tochka “strayed far afield from the evidence” in a 1997 murder trial, according to the court's decision. Tochka, who was appointed to the state Commission on Judicial Conduct in 2014, did not respond to requests for comment.
In a case often cited in subsequent court rulings on prosecutors, both the Appeals Court and SJC found that Howard Whitehead, then an assistant district attorney, made remarks about the defendant not grounded in the evidence.
Whitehead suggested that the defendant, accused of stabbing an elderly man, might have been a prostitute based on jar of Vaseline found in their purse, and dwelled on their knowledge of jello wrestling with an “apparent goal” of painting them “as a promiscuous woman,” the Appeals Court said, in reversing the verdict.
“None of this was proper. All of it was prejudicial,” the Supreme Judicial Court determined. The SJC ruling said that Whitehead had not argued “in an egregious way.”
Whitehead said they believe they argued the evidence appropriately in the case, and had never been contacted by the state bar overseers. After more than 15 years as a prosecutor in Middlesex and Essex counties, they were appointed to the Superior Court bench in 1993 and retired in 2014.  They are now special counsel to the Middlesex County District Attorney's Office.
The SJC reversed a first-degree murder case in 2008 because the prosecutor's closing argument was “replete with prejudicial improprieties.” Afterwards, the state bar overseers reprimanded the prosecutor, Robert Nelson, Jr.
Nelson saw another case reversed in 2013 because they characterized the defendant as a “street thug,” the entire defense as a “sham,” and the defense attorney as a liar. The SJC determined that Nelson's “insulting names” were “designed to evoke an emotional, rather than a rational, response from jurors.”
Nelson, who retired as a Norfolk County prosecutor in 2012, did not return inquiries.
At oral arguments in October 2016 at the Supreme Judicial Court, Suffolk County prosecutor Teresa Anderson and Justice Geraldine Hines discussed another prosecutor's use of prejudicial profiling evidence.
The state's top courts have criticized prosecutors for crossing the line every year since 1980. Last year, the courts handed down at least eight decisions citing prosecutors' improper closing arguments as grounds for reversal. In one of three reversals this year, the Supreme Judicial Court found a prosecutor resorted to impermissible profiling by emphasizing the defendant's appearance to convince jurors they were a drug dealer rather than an addict.
“Why is it that the Commonwealth consistently tries to use this kind of evidence?” asked SJC Justice Geraldine Hines at oral arguments last fall. A body of rulings that such “obviously prejudicial” evidence is impermissible “just doesn't seem to be changing the way prosecutors do business,” Hines said.
Willful and repeated
In the 2012 ruling in the case prosecuted by Omiunu, the court dismissed the indictments against the juvenile defendant, and barred the Commonwealth from filing similar charges against them in the future.
The defendant, “Washington W.,” was charged with statutory rape of a teenage male in fall 2007. Contending they were being prosecuted selectively based on their sexual orientation, they successfully argued for an order from the Juvenile Court instructing the state to produce data comparing the prosecution of juveniles for heterosexual versus homosexual acts.
Omiunu brought the data to a subsequent hearing but refused to give it to the defendant. The judge said they were dismissing the charges due to the “Commonwealth's willful and repeated failure to comply with discovery orders.”
A spokesperson for the district attorney said Omiunu should have filed a motion to vacate the judge's discovery order rather than refuse to produce the information, and that the requested data was eventually provided. Omiunu has served in Norfolk County since 2001.
Brooke Williams, Naomi LaChance, Isaiah Thompson, Bret Hauff, Jacqueline Roman, Tristan Cimini, Alex Rozier, Iliana Hagenah, Amanda Lucidi, Clairissa Baker, Miranda Suarez and Debora Almeida also contributed reporting and factchecking.
Header image: Hairpin HHD.
In June 2016, we provided a comprehensive update on Patagonia's work to investigate the emerging issue of ocean pollution from tiny fibers, which often originate from synthetic textiles (such as nylon, acrylic or polyester) that are used in products available to consumers around the world. Research about microplastics pollution is just starting to emerge among scientists and our industry, but the shedding of microfibers from synthetic garments is a real concern. We're taking it seriously—committing significant resources to learn more about the scope of the problem and develop an understanding of what steps we can take to help create impactful solutions. Since last summer, we've taken more important steps to research the problem and some new actions to address key contributing factors, and we wanted to give you a full update. Some fundamental learnings have guided our approach so far and must inform everyone's work moving forward: Microfibers found in our oceans can originate from a wide variety of textiles (such as nylon, polyester, rayon, acrylic or spandex)—everything from running shorts to yoga pants to fleece jackets and more—which shows the need for engagement on this issue by the entire apparel industry and through all steps in the product life cycle.
Apparel products are not the only source of microplastic particles that are entering the oceans. Other industries are also contributing to this problem, as are things like fishing nets, bottle caps, packaging and plastics bags that break down in the ocean. A key research priority moving forward is to quantify the magnitude of the contribution of the various sources of microplastics to oceans.
Garments of a higher quality shed less in the wash than low-quality synthetic products, illustrating the importance for manufacturers and consumers alike to invest in gear built to last.
Our washing machines represent an integral step in the path to pollution—so we've centered our testing on common appliances found in many homes. And wastewater treatment plants filter a good amount of microfibers (65–92 percent) but still release a significant volume of waste into the environment. So we plan to bring our findings to the appliance industry and waste operators as well. At Patagonia, we start with the knowledge that everything we produce comes at a cost to the environment. We then work continuously to lower the environmental and social costs of our products at every phase of their life cycle—from improving our manufacturing processes at every level of the supply chain to increasing our use of recycled and natural materials to encouraging reuse, repair and recycling among our customers. When making choices about where best to invest in solutions, we seek complete information to guide decision making and we aim carefully for the areas where we can make the biggest overall impact, knowing the business of making and selling consumer products always comes with certain costs. In particular, we invest in quality—because keeping a garment in use longer, which prevents the need to put it in a landfill and replace it with a new one, beats every other improvement we could possibly make. Over the past two years, the shedding of microfibers from Patagonia's synthetic garments has taken on heightened urgency in how we consider our priorities moving forward. We've been working on several fronts, including: Investigating ways to minimize fiber shedding by improving fabric construction
Supporting scientists working to gain a better understanding of the types and sources of microfibers and their ecological and public health impacts
Investing in innovative organizations working to address marine plastics pollution
Communicating proactively with our customers and the broader public Our goals include: better understanding our own impacts, contributing to the larger body of early research currently under way and, ultimately, finding ways to improve our practices in response to more knowledge. The Need for More Research When we convened a group of scientists, academics and public advocates at our headquarters in Ventura to discuss microplastics pollution with our leadership team, a clear consensus emerged at the end of a long, fascinating day: There's a lot we don't know. So we've taken on a leading role in support of researchers working on the topic, to inform clearheaded decision making by everyone: the apparel and appliance industries, waste operators, other researchers, the media and more. Specifically, we've initiated two scientific research studies. The first, which we highlighted on our blog when it was first published in June 2016 by researchers at the Bren School of Environmental Science and Management at the University of California, Santa Barbara, helped us better measure the extent of microfibers shedding from Patagonia products in the wash (and compare the results to lower-quality gear as well).
Fibers captured on a 20 micron filter. A micron (or micrometer) equals one millionth of a meter (a centimeter is one hundredth of a meter). The fibers were captured by filtering washing machine effluent after washing a Patagonia jacket. The scale in the photo indicates the length of 1,000 microns. Photo: Shreya Sonar, Bren School of Environmental Science and Management at UCSB View Gallery
The second study, which has only just begun, is being conducted in partnership with North Carolina State University with the goals of better understanding characteristics in fibers and fabrics that lead to microfiber release and developing a rapid test method to assess the potential of fabrics to shed during laundering—both of which will help Patagonia and our industry conduct R&D for new materials moving forward. We plan to share the results of this second body of work as soon as it's completed. Going forward, significant further research is still needed to understand the various sources of microfibers in aquatic environments, the extent to which microplastics may harm the ocean ecosystems, and also how any microfibers ingested by sea creatures consumed by humans may impact human health. We need this information both for direct application into our work and so we can properly assess this issue among the broader context of many urgent environmental concerns demanding our attention in the coming years, including climate change. New Plans to Educate Customers In addition to further research, we're taking a more active role in educating our customers about what we've learned so far about microfibers entering the ocean—and, most importantly, what they can do to help right now. In the coming weeks we'll begin providing every customer who purchases a synthetic item from our retail stores or patagonia.com with clear information about how to care for any synthetic garment—not just ours—to limit the shedding of microfibers in the wash and keeping what does shed out of the ocean. Most people tend to own a lot of clothing from all kinds of brands. This will help ensure everyone understands how they can help keep microfibers out of the ocean, even as we continue to learn more about the issue and how it may impact the environment and human health. In addition to wash tips, we will remind our customers of the importance of purchasing high quality, durable garments as one of several strategies for minimizing shedding in the laundering process. Here's a look at what we'll be sharing with our customers. *** As you take ownership of your new garment it's important to remember that everything we buy comes at a cost to the environment. The team at Patagonia has been studying the shedding of tiny fibers from synthetic garments in the wash. The science is just emerging, but we know these microfibers can make their way to the ocean. These simple steps will help reduce the environmental impact of your gear throughout its lifetime. Keep Using It: Keeping our gear in use longer is something we can all do to reduce our personal impact on the planet. Buy only what you need, buy high quality and make it last. In Patagonia's recent study with researchers at the University of California, Santa Barbara, a low-quality, generic-brand fleece shed significantly more over its lifespan than Patagonia's high-quality products (brenmicroplastics.weebly.com).
Keeping our gear in use longer is something we can all do to reduce our personal impact on the planet. Buy only what you need, buy high quality and make it last. In Patagonia's recent study with researchers at the University of California, Santa Barbara, a low-quality, generic-brand fleece shed significantly more over its lifespan than Patagonia's high-quality products (brenmicroplastics.weebly.com). Wash Less Often & Invest in a Front-load Washer: Microfibers shed in the wash—so wash your gear only when it's absolutely necessary (you'll conserve water in the process). Even your most-used outerwear should only need a full wash occasionally. If it's caked with dirt (and we hope it will be), consider using a rag or sponge to spot clean rather than putting it through a machine cycle. And consider your washing machine: Studies show synthetic jackets laundered in top-load washing machines shed approximately seven times as many microfibers as the same jacket in front-load washers.
Microfibers shed in the wash—so wash your gear only when it's absolutely necessary (you'll conserve water in the process). Even your most-used outerwear should only need a full wash occasionally. If it's caked with dirt (and we hope it will be), consider using a rag or sponge to spot clean rather than putting it through a machine cycle. And consider your washing machine: Studies show synthetic jackets laundered in top-load washing machines shed approximately seven times as many microfibers as the same jacket in front-load washers. Fiber Filters Help: Putting your synthetic clothing into a filter bag before washing by hand or machine can significantly reduce the flow of microfibers into your drain. Starting in the coming weeks, you can buy the easy-to-use Guppy Friend at patagonia.com throughout the United States and Europe. Or install a permanent washing machine filter (requires some plumbing expertise), like Wexco's Filtrol 160 (septicsafe.com/washing-machine-filter). You can read more about our work on this issue by visiting patagonia.com (www.patagonia.com/blog/tag/microfibers). As always, let us know if you have questions about these guidelines or anything about your gear. Thanks for your support! *** In the coming weeks, Patagonia will begin offering customers in the United States and Europe an inexpensive new hand- and machine-washing bag that acts as a microfiber filter between your synthetic clothing and the drain. The Guppy Friend will be sold in Patagonia retail stores and online throughout the United States and Europe starting in the coming weeks. In Patagonia's internal testing, its use resulted in a significant reduction in microfiber mass making its way into the wastewater stream.
Photo courtesy of Guppy Friend View Gallery
The rain was tipping down today on the cluster of multicoloured buildings in the heart of the capital of Greenland but there was no dampening the spirits of Nuuk's residents following news that hydrocarbons had been found.
"We have always believed there was oil and gas off this island. We have been waiting for something like this to happen for decades," said Kenni Rende, a 44-year-old shop assistant at the town's only electronics shop. "I hope it will provide income for Greenland so that we can finance our way to becoming a more independent nation," they added.
The mood of elation was shared at the Bureau of Minerals and Petroleum, one block away, where Henrik Stendal was preparing for a presentation in a small room packed with maps and rocks.
"It is exciting. This amounts to an appetiser for all oil companies to come here and do more exploration, seismic and data," said Stendal, who is the head of the bureau's geology department.
Greenland's government had been hopeful that Cairn Energy had found signs of hydrocarbons but the ultra-secretive nature of the business – and its extraordinary importance – meant the British oil company had told no one in advance.
Bill Gammell, Cairn's chief executive, said there were signs of oil and gas bearing sands, but the hole still needed to be drilled to its target depth. Stendal said it was highly encouraging given the six wells drilled over the last 40 years had been completely "dry". A one-in-seven hit rate would mark this area out as exceptional; the North Sea equivalent is around one in 30.
It reinforces the views of the US Geological Survey which said last year that it believed there could be 90bn barrels of oil and 50tn cubic metres of gas in the wider Arctic region.
Enormously positive then for a Greenland desperate to move away from dependence on fishing, tourism and handouts from the Danish state which has sovereignty over the world's largest island. But nervous moments for Greenpeace and other environmentalists keen to keep one of the Earth's last wilderness areas away from the oil industry.
Whatever the eco-warriors want, Big Oil is coming and the Cairn discovery could not be better timed.
In around two weeks time the Bureau of Minerals and Petroleum will announce the winners of a new licensing round.
Stendal would not say who they were but they admitted that most of the leading lights – that means the likes of ExxonMobil and Shell – are queuing up to drill in Baffin Bay off the west of Greenland.
And the find will heat up interest in two new licensing rounds in other parts of the country that are already being lined up to take place in 2011 and 2012.
It is not just Greenland that it keen to explore in an Arctic region whose natural environment is already being eroded by global warming.
Iceland, Norway and Russia are also looking at handing out exploration rights, although BP's blowout in the Gulf of Mexico has sent a ripple of anxiety through the west's safety authorities.
Cairn and the Greenland authorities claim the water depths being drilled by the Stena Don and Stena Forth floating rig and drillship are less than one-third of the 1,500 metres of the Gulf.
They also point out that there are 16 vessels working on standby around the Cairn well, T8-1, and six of them are specifically given over to guiding icebergs out of the way.
Stendal says Greenland drilling regulations are tougher than those enforced in the North Sea, and far stricter than the lax rules of the Gulf.
 They are confident that all is being done to ensure that there can be no recurrence of the Deepwater Horizon blowout in freezing waters where oil would break down much more slowly than in the warm currents off Louisiana.
But this will not reassure Greenpeace, which has taken its ship Esperanza into the region to highlight its concerns.
The environmental group said the move was wrong, not least because Cairn was a relatively small company with no experience of drilling in harsh conditions and had made its name discovering onshore oil in India.
"We think it is completely irresponsible for Cairn to proceed with these operations when the US, Canada and Norway have imposed tough new restrictions on deepwater drilling until lessons can be learned about what exactly went wrong in the Gulf," said Mads Flarup Christensen, secretary general of Greenpeace Nordic. "Drilling in these kinds of waters is very sad. It shows the way the oil industry is being forced into the last frontiers by trying to exploit tar sands and deep water."
Cairn management recently visited the Greenland capital to reassure the public that it would stick to the highest possible safety standards in line with an agreement signed with the government. "Security has always been the most important in everything we do and so we want it to continue," commercial director Simon Thomson said.
They do not need to convince Stendal who says that Greenpeace is "not welcome" by the people of Greenland, who see the organisation as a threat to their future economic wellbeing. "You cant live on fish alone," they say drily.
But at the Nota Bene electronics shop, Rende is not quite so equivocal: "We had heard of the catastrophe in the Gulf of Mexico but I hope the [Cairn] security makes us safe."
Los Angeles Police have ruled as "unfounded" a missing person's report made by actor Leah Remini regarding the wife of Scientology leader David Miscavige, a police source told the Daily News.
"Mrs. Miscavige is not missing. Investigators have made some type of contact with her," an LAPD source told the News Thursday. "The investigation is completed and classified as unfounded."
The wife of David Miscavige, leader of Scientology (pictured), has not been seen publicly for years and may be living on a church property east of Los Angeles County, sources say. (Luke MacGregor/Reuters)
Remini filed the report regarding Michelle "Shelly" Miscavige on Wednesday, according to Tony Ortega, the former Village Voice editor now writing a book about the controversial church.
A photo of Michelle "Shelly" Miscavige on the "Where is Shelly Miscavige?" Facebook page. Once a well-known member of Scientology, Miscavige has been missing from the public eye for years. (Facebook)
The Brooklyn-born "King of Queens" star recently left the church over reported corruption concerns and the alleged backlash they received when they asked why Shelly wasn't in attendance at the star-studded 2006 wedding of Tom Cruise and Katie Holmes.
Leah Remini, co-star of "King of Queens," made headlines recently after their public exit from Scientology following their corruption and intimidation allegations against the controversial church. (Larry Busacca/Getty Images for EJAF)
Shelly hasn't appeared at a public Scientology event in more than five years and is believed to be living at a church base east of Los Angeles County, sources told Ortega and the News.
Tom Cruise, a high-profile supporter of Scientology, stands with the head of the church, David Miscavige. (KAT/Splash News)
Them mysterious whereabouts made headlines last summer when Holmes filed for divorce from Cruise and sparked new scrutiny of the religion founded by L. Ron Hubbard.
The exterior of the Church of Scientology Celebrity Centre International in Los Angeles. (Getty Images)
In a statement, church officials called Remini's missing person's report "ludicrous" and an "inexcusable distraction" for law enforcement.
“The entire episode was nothing more than a publicity stunt for Ms. Remini, cooked up with unemployed, anti-religious zealots who blog on the fringe of the Internet," the statement read.
Until their public departure, Remini, 43, was one of the best known members of the church along with Cruise, Kirstie Alley and John Travolta.
"I wish to share my sincere and heartfelt appreciation for the overwhelming positive response I have received from the media, my colleagues and from fans around the world. I am truly grateful and thankful for all your support," Remini said in a statement to People magazine regarding their choice.
ndillon@nydailynews.com
On a mobile device? Click here to watch the video.
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing!
Battlefords RCMP have located a missing girl.
Maria Bluebird, 15, was reported missing after last being seen in North Battleford, Sask., at around 3:30 p.m. CT on Oct. 13.
Police said they were concerned for their well-being.
In a release on Oct. 23. police said Bluebird had been located safely earlier in the day, but no additional details were released.
Battlefords RCMP are asking for the public's assistance in locating Maria Bluebird. The 15-year-old was last seen around 3:30 p.m. in North Battleford on Friday, October 13th.
The teen is described as an Aboriginal female, approximately 5/6' tall and weighing 100-pounds. They have long brown hair, brown eyes, with braces on their teeth. They were last seen wearing grey leggings, a black hoody, gold high top running shoes, and was carrying a backpack with green colouring on it.
Battleford RCMP says they may also be using the first name Heather and/or the surname McNiven.
There are indications they may have gone to Saskatoon; police are concerned about their well-being.
Anyone with information on the teens whereabouts are asked to contact Battlefords RCMP 306-446-1720 or Crime Stoppers 1-800-222-TIPS (8477).
Long ago, it is said, Arachne the Spinner was cursed by the goddess Athena, mutated into a spider as punishment for their arrogance. Arachne now dwells far below the earth in the caverns of the underworld, ruling over a kingdom of monsters and sending out their children to spy on the world above. Bitten by one such spider, you find yourself succumbing to the same curse, slowly transforming into a terrifying half-spider monstrosity.
Cast out from your village, you have but one hope to undo what has been done; to travel deep into Arachne's domain and slay them before the transformation is complete. No mere human could possibly hope to navigate the web-filled caverns, but your new form has granted you powers that mean you may just stand a chance...
Arachne is a roguelike created in seven days for the 7DRL Challenge 2016, the obligatory twist on the standard formula being that rather than a standard grid, the game takes place on a dynamically deforming spiderweb that you can build and destroy while you play.
Geese are waterfowl of the family Anatidae . This group comprises the genera Anser (the grey geese) and Branta (the black geese). Chen , a genus comprising 'white geese', is sometimes used to refer to a group of species that are more commonly placed within Anser . Some other birds , mostly related to the shelducks , have "goose" as part of their names. More distantly related members of the family Anatidae are swans , most of which are larger than true geese, and ducks , which are smaller.
The term goose applies to the female in particular, while gander applies to the male in particular. Young birds before fledging are called goslings . [1] The collective noun for a group of geese on the ground is a gaggle ; when in flight, they are called a skein , a team , or a wedge ; when flying close together, they are called a plump . [3]
The three living genera of true geese are: Anser, grey geese, including the greylag goose, and domestic geese; Chen, white geese (often included in Anser); and Branta, black geese, such as the Canada goose.
Two genera of geese are only tentatively placed in the Anserinae; they may belong to the shelducks or form a subfamily on their own: Cereopsis, the Cape Barren goose, and Cnemiornis, the prehistoric New Zealand goose. Either these or, more probably, the goose-like Coscoroba swan is the closest living relative of the true geese.
Fossils of true geese are hard to assign to genus; all that can be said is that their fossil record, particularly in North America, is dense and comprehensively documents many different species of true geese that have been around since about 10 million years ago in the Miocene. The aptly named Anser atavus (meaning "progenitor goose") from some 12 million years ago had even more plesiomorphies in common with swans. In addition, some goose-like birds are known from subfossil remains found on the Hawaiian Islands.
Geese are monogamous, living in permanent pairs throughout the year; however, unlike most other permanently monogamous animals, they are territorial only during the short nesting season. Paired geese are more dominant and feed more, two factors that result in more young.[4]
One evening in February, Mary Nicholson, 23, was driving on Chamberlain Avenue, about to hop on the Queensway for an east-end ringette game.
A teammate was with them in the 2009 Mercedes-Benz R320, which looks like a cross between a wagon and a minivan.
Out of the blue, the curtain airbag on the driver side deployed. “It sounded like a cannon shot,” said Nicholson, a student. “I was terrified.”
There was such an impact, they first thought the vehicle had been “T-boned” by another car. They pulled over and had a look. There was nothing to see: no dents, no potholes, no jutting curbs, no bumps in the road. They say they were just driving at normal speed down the street.
Still jittery, they called their father, Dave, a retired firefighter. They ended up rolling the curtain as best they could and continued on them way.
It's what happened next that only made things worse.
After seven weeks in the shop, they were presented with a repair estimate from Ogilvie Motors for $11,639 and a letter from Mercedes-Benz Canada saying an inspection had found the vehicle was operating just fine.
No “fault codes” could be found with the Supplemental Restraint System (SRS). The “preset thresholds were exceeded,” the letter said, triggering the deployment of the airbag and the “Emergency Tensioning Retractor,” which cause the seatbelts to tighten up.
“The SRS control unit constantly monitors and evaluates physical data relating to vehicle deceleration and acceleration, such as duration, direction and intensity,” reads a letter from the Mercedes-Benz legal department. “After the vehicle inspection and a thorough review of the findings, we are confident that the SRS system in your wife's vehicle operated as it was designed to.”
In other words, there had to be “an event” that caused the airbag to go off — it couldn't possibly be our high-tech equipment, which has sensors eight ways to Sunday.
You know, on one level this is obviously a so-called “First World” problem that well-to-do people with an $80,000 car have the means to deal with. But, on another level, it speaks to the mistrust consumers feel toward Corporate Kingdom, so to speak, and the arrogant baloney we are sometimes asked to swallow.
Volkswagen and its diesel engines. Toyota and its accelerator problem. GM and its ignition switch. Last week, for Pete's sake, we read a suggestion that the recommended dosage of Tylenol may have been wrong all these years. And we're supposed to have faith in their reassurances?
More to the point, some of you will know about the massive recall by an airbag maker called Takata. It involves close to 70 million “inflators” that were installed by at least 14 auto manufacturers, including some models of Mercedes-Benz. While estimates are it will take years to sort out, The Associated Press reports 11 deaths and 100 injuries have so far resulted from these malfunctioning devices.
A friend of mine said they were shaken when they got their recall letter because it noted the airbag could spontaneously explode, sending bits of metal shrapnel at the occupants. While Dave Nicholson, 58, does not believe the side-curtain issue is a Takata problem, it sure makes you wonder.
(Weirdly, Mary reports they had a recall letter about the airbag in the VW they are now driving.)
Nicholson has pushed the issue further, with a complaint to Transport Canada. Adding to their frustration, they say, is the position of Mercedes-Benz that any information downloaded from their vehicle is proprietary and belongs to the company.
“I just asked them what the ‘event' was. That's all I would really like to know, so I can comfort myself that something happened, something out of sorts.”
At this point, says Nicholson, they don't know what to do with the vehicle. It has 200,000 kilometres on it, is out of warranty and needs a $12,000 fix just for the airbag, making resale a little tricky.
“I don't want to just stick someone else with it, to be quite blunt.”
Both they and their daughter have speculated that this minor episode could have been much worse. What if they had been travelling at high speed on the highway? Or if a different airbag had suddenly gone off? Might it have led to a terrible accident?
“Thankfully, they kept their wits about her,” said Nicholson, “but they were shaken.”
To contact Kelly Egan, please call 613-726-5896 or email kegan@postmedia.com
Twitter.com/kellyegancolumn
Cyberbullying on social media is linked to depression in teenagers, according to new research that analyzed multiple studies of the online phenomenon.
Victimization of young people online has received an increasing level of scrutiny, particularly after a series of high-profile suicides of teenagers who were reportedly bullied on various social networks. In 2013, for example, a spate of suicides was linked to the social network Ask.fm, where users can ask each other questions anonymously. The deaths of teens who had been subject to abuse on the site prompted Ask.fm (which was acquired by Ask.com in 2014) to launch new safety efforts. Twitter, likewise, announced plans in April to filter out abusive tweets and suspend bullying users.
Social media use is hugely common among teenagers, said Michele Hamm, a researcher in pediatrics at the University of Alberta, but the health effects of cyberbullying on social media sites is largely unknown. Regular, face-to-face bullying during the teen years may double the risk of depression in adulthood, and bullying's effects can be as bad or worse than child abuse, studies show.
A depressing effect
In the new review, Hamm and their colleagues combed through studies on cyberbullying and social media, finding 36 that investigated the effects of cyberbullying on health in teens ages 12 to 18. Although the studies examined different health outcomes and sometimes defined cyberbullying differently, one finding stood out.
"There were consistent associations between exposure to cyberbullying and increased likelihood of depression," Hamm told Live Science. [8 Tips for Parents of Teens with Depression]
The studies covered a variety of social sites, but Facebook was the most common—between 89 percent and 97.5 percent of the teens who used social media had a Facebook account. Seventeen of the 36 studies analyzed looked at how common cyberbullying was, and the researchers found that a median of 23 percent of teens reporting being targeted. About 15 percent reported bullying someone online themselves.
Two studies examined the prevalence of so-called "bully-victims," meaning teens who both bully others and are bullied. Research on offline bullying shows these kids to be most at-risk for mental health problems. One study found that 5.4 percent of teens were bully-victims, while the other reported a prevalence of 11.2 percent.
Safe social media
Despite the well-publicized suicide cases linked to cyberbullying in news reports, Hamm and their colleagues did not find consistent links between being bullied and self-harm across the studies. Nor did they see a consistent link between cyberbullying and anxiety. Some studies found evidence for these links, and others did not.
However, Hamm cautioned, the findings don't mean these links don't exist. The 36 studies used a variety of definitions and health outcomes, and not enough work has been done to confirm or rule out connections between cyberbullying and anxiety or self-harm.
But cyberbullying and depression went hand-in-hand, the researchers report today (June 22) in the journal JAMA Pediatrics. Ten studies examined the link between social media victimization and depression, and all of them found a connection.
Alone, these studies can't prove that the bullying caused the depression — it's possible that depressed teens are more likely to become targets of bullying than their healthier peers. However, Hamm said, one of the 10 studies did follow the teens over time and found that the cyberbullying preceded the teens' depression, hinting at a causal relationship. The research also found that the more cyberbullying a teen experienced, the more severe their or their symptoms of depression.
Alarmingly, teens typically suffered cyberbullying in silence. "Kids really are hesitant to tell anyone when cyberbullying occurs," Hamm said. "There seems to be a common fear that if they tell their parents, for example, they'll lose their Internet access."
Therefore, it's important for parents to respond carefully if their kids are being bullied online, and to teach teens safe Internet use rather than cutting off permission to use the Web, they said.
"Parents need to address that this is happening and that the Internet and social media is here," Hamm said. "It's an important part of their kids' lives. But it needs to be a whole team approach."
Copyright 2015 LiveScience, a Purch company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Share. The Robert Rodriguez and Mark Burnett produced wrestling show will return in 2016. The Robert Rodriguez and Mark Burnett produced wrestling show will return in 2016.
El Rey Network, Mark Burnett (Survivor), and United Artists Media Group have announced that their Lucha Libre wrestling series "Lucha Underground" will return for a second season.
Lucha Underground, which has been off the air since it ran its Season 1 finale on August 5th, will go back into production in the Boyle Heights neighborhood of Los Angeles in the fourth quarter of 2015 and will premiere on El Rey Network in early 2016.
"We brought together some of the best athletes from lucha libre and wrestling to fight in Los Angeles this year on Lucha Underground. It was fresh, it was compelling and it got the attention and created buzz across the entire wrestling world," said Executive Producer Mark Burnett.
El Rey Network Chairman and Founder Robert Rodriguez, said: "The explosive combination of athleticism and storytelling makes for such great television and I'm so pleased that this legendary wrestling tradition will continue to have a home on El Rey Network."
When we left things, Mil Muertes had defeated Prince Puma for the Lucha Underground Championship. Other members of the roster include Alberto El Patrón (Del Rio), Johnny Mundo (Morrison), Brian Cage, Drago, Chavo Guerrero, Pentagón Jr., Sexy Star, Ivelisse Vélez, and more.
Matt Fowler is a writer for IGN and a member of the Television Critics Association (TCA). Follow them on Twitter at @TheMattFowler and Facebook at Facebook.com/Showrenity.
On March 8, Michael Mann's lawyers, Cozen O'Connor, sent a legal letter to Minnesotans for Global Warming (of the famous Hide the Decline video) threatening them, ironically, with misappropriating Mann's likeness and, almost as an afterthought, defaming them “by leaving viewers with the incorrect impression that they falsified data to generate desired results in connection with their research activities”:
We are writing to demand that you cease and desist any and all use of Dr Mann's likeness, which you have misappropriated in various videos posted on your webpage http://www.minnesotansforglobalwarming.com, including the video Hide the Decline –Climategate. You are hereby advised that the use of Dr Mann's likeness, which you clearly misappropriated from PSU's webpage, http://www.meteo,psu.edu/~mann/MRG/index.html, is not authorized and infringes on various copyrights. Such use also improperly misappropriates Professor Mann's likeness for commercial exploitation, given that the video clearly supports Minnesotans for Global Warming's efforts to sell various products and merchandize. Finally, the referenced video clearly defames Professor Mann by leaving viewers with the incorrect impression that they falsified data to generate desired results in connection with their research activities. This false impression irreparably harms Dr Mann's personal and professional reputation. For these reasons, we demand that you immediately cease and desist using Dr Mann's likeness and that you immediately remove the defamatory video from your webpage (including cashed [sic] versions.) If you persist with this defamatory activity, please be advised that we will be compelled to enforce Dr Mann's rights, which may include the recovery of damages from you. Please contact me to confirm your intentions or if you wish to discuss this matter further.
The letter was copied to Mann and to Tom Cogill, Photographer.
The original video has been removed from Youtube.
However, the story doesn't quite end.
Earlier today, the following announcement was made:
the No Cap-and-Trade Coalition, a group that includes M4GW, responded today at an event at the National Press Club, releasing Mann's threatening letter and an updated version of the “Hide the Decline” video.
See a release of Hide the Decline II, available here. The new version carefully avoids any use of the “copyrighted” Mann photographs. It is also more precise in its presentation, evidencing a much clearer understanding of the trick than the wilfully obtuse Oxburgh “Report” or Willis Parliament Committee Report.
A blog report here states:
Minnesotans 4 Global Warming hope Mann will proceed with their lawsuit so that the legal discovery process will force exposure of data and methods Mann has still not released and that the official whitewash inquiries refuse to investigate.
Jeff Davis of the coalition stated:
“I hope Dr. Mann does sue us,” Said Davis, “The legal discovery process would give us an opportunity to expose Dr. Mann's research – or lack thereof to public and legal scrutiny.”
State machine testing with Hedgehog
Jacob Stanley's Hedgehog library has grown some exciting new functionality: state machine testing. This stuff is going straight into my everyday testing toolkit, so y'all get to read a bit about it.
Property-based testing is typically introduced with simple functional examples, like reversing a list. It is a very profitable technique for testing pure code! It's less clear to the beginner how to generalise these techniques for a messy, effectful production application. It is easy to end up with outstanding test coverage for the edges of the system, but little assurance that the effectful core is correct.
Often the intermediate solution is to write glorified unit tests that use some generated inputs to perform a small, predetermined set of actions. This has a very slight advantage over regular old unit tests; for example, a randomised IO unit test is quite likely to identify the incorrect use of a third-party API, or a malformed database query. It's still a pretty heavy compromise.
Property-based testing promised a rich declarative style that looks more like the design than the implementation, and to find a lot more bugs than a unit test. How can we do better?
State machines
My complex effectful system designs don't often look like pseudocode -- they look like abstract state machines. If you're unfamiliar, state machines can be drawn up in this lovely whiteboard-friendly format:
The simplest state machine I could find, modelling a turnstile
We have:
States , represented by the big labelled orbs.
, represented by the big labelled orbs. Transitions , represented by the arrows.
, represented by the arrows. An initial state, represented by the filled black circle.
The various states of the system have been encoded as labels, in this case Locked and Unlocked . The available actions in each state are encoded as arrows, in this case Coin and Push . Though both actions are available in both states, their effect on the machine's state depends entirely on the initial state when the action is performed.
This is some pretty straightforward logic. If the turnstile is locked, it can't be pushed. If we insert a coin, the turnstile is unlocked. If we push an unlocked turnstile, it locks.
It's fun to model this kind of system as a pure functional program:
data TurnstileState = Locked | Unlocked coin :: TurnstileState -> TurnstileState coin Locked = Unlocked coin Unlocked = Unlocked push :: TurnstileState -> TurnstileState push Locked = Locked push Unlocked = Locked
What a pleasant model! We probably wouldn't even bother writing tests for it.
Unfortunately, as you probably already know, this model is insufficiently enterprise. We need to implement a turnstile server to provide gated access to all the threads, and the entire organisation. It would be nice, after the fact, to test that our big weird effectful machine behaves like this simple function.
Example: Turnstile
The Hedgehog API in use here is still in flux, so this code may stop working in the near future, though it shouldn't break a whole lot.
First, let's build the program.
An effectful turnstile
Since we've got mutable state now, let's model it with an IORef :
import Data.IORef data TurnstileState = Locked | Unlocked deriving ( Eq , Ord , Show ) newtype Turnstile = Turnstile { unTurnstile :: IORef TurnstileState } newTurnstile :: IO Turnstile newTurnstile = Turnstile <$> newIORef Locked
This extremely enterprise turnstile server needs to have atomic actions, so there's a fun and unreasonably effective hammer we can reach for: atomicModifyIORef' .
insertCoin :: Turnstile -> IO () insertCoin ( Turnstile ref) = atomicModifyIORef' ref $ \_ -> ( Unlocked , ()) pushTurnstile :: Turnstile -> IO Bool pushTurnstile ( Turnstile ref) = atomicModifyIORef' ref $ \s -> case s of Locked -> ( Locked , False ) Unlocked -> ( Locked , True )
That's it! Ship it.
A model
Most of the power of this technique comes from modelling state and control flow in a way that is easy to reason about.
This model should be written in terms of externally-visible information. It should not contain any implementation details. When testing a web application, for example, you might store generated passwords directly in the model; the application itself would store hashes.
State
The state in this case is pretty straightforward, so this should look a little familiar. Ignore the kind signatures and parameters for now:
data ModelState ( v :: * -> * ) = TLocked | TUnlocked deriving ( Eq , Ord , Show ) initialState :: ModelState v initialState = TLocked
Transitions
Recall that we had two types of actions available, coin and push .
In Hedgehog, these are specified as discrete datatypes, parameterised by a functor. Again, ignore this detail for now.
Squint a bit, and observe that we're encoding two functions that take no arguments with two constructors that take no arguments:
data Coin ( v :: * -> * ) = Coin deriving ( Eq , Show ) data Push ( v :: * -> * ) = Push deriving ( Eq , Show )
The key function to be used is actions, which expects a list of Command . Commands are made up of:
a generator, which can peek at the state to produce Maybe action
a function, execute , which describes how the action is run
, which describes how the action is run a list of Callback , which encode preconditions, state update, and postconditions
I recommend looking at a worked example to see what's going on. The types are a little complicated, though for a good reason!
I'd suggest writing a command for each transition in the state machine, give or take. You might want additional commands to ensure bad inputs don't lead to bad states.
Let's write our simplest command, the one for Coin :
s_coin :: ( Monad n, MonadIO m, MonadTest m) => Turnstile -> Command n m ModelState s_coin ts = let -- We can always insert a coin, so we don't need to see the state. gen _state = Just $ pure Coin -- We execute this action by calling 'insertCoin'. execute Coin = liftIO (insertCoin ts) in Command gen execute [ -- After a coin action, the turnstile should be unlocked. -- First we update our model: Update $ \s Coin _o -> TUnlocked -- ... then we enforce a very simple predicate on it: , Ensure $ \_before after Coin () -> do after === TUnlocked ]
Since this generator always produces Coin without looking at the state, both our coin transitions are covered.
For push , outcomes are very different depending on the initial state. So, let's break them out into two different commands.
When the turnstile is locked, pushing should not change the state, and should not allow anyone in:
s_push_locked :: ( Monad n, MonadIO m, MonadTest m) => Turnstile -> Command n m ModelState s_push_locked ts = let -- This generator only succeeds when the gate is thought to be locked. gen state = case state of TLocked -> Just $ pure Push TUnlocked -> Nothing execute Push = do liftIO $ pushTurnstile ts in Command gen execute [ -- Precondition: the gate is thought to be locked. Require $ \s Push -> s == TLocked -- Update: pushing the locked gate has no effect. , Update $ \s Push _o -> TLocked -- Postcondition: we're denied admission, the turnstile gate stays locked. , Ensure $ \before after Push b -> do before === TLocked assert (not b) after === TLocked ]
When the turnstile is unlocked, pushing should change the state to TLocked , and we should get a result of True :
s_push_unlocked :: ( Monad n, MonadIO m, MonadTest m) => Turnstile -> Command n m ModelState s_push_unlocked ts = let gen state = case state of TUnlocked -> Just $ pure Push TLocked -> Nothing execute Push = do liftIO $ pushTurnstile ts in Command gen execute [ -- Precondition: the gate is thought to be unlocked. Require $ \s Push -> s == TUnlocked -- Update: pushing the unlocked gate locks it. , Update $ \s Push _o -> TLocked -- Postcondition: we gain admission, the turnstile gate is locked. , Ensure $ \before after Push b -> do before === TUnlocked assert b after === TLocked ]
That's it, we've encoded the whole state machine. Let's run it!
The property
Once the machine has been specified in this way, our work is done. It's over to Hedgehog.
First, we create a turnstile. We then use the actions combinator to generate an arbitrary list of actions. The executeSequential function takes an initial model state, and applies that list of actions in order, ensuring preconditions and postconditions are satisfied.
prop_turnstile :: Property prop_turnstile = property $ do turnstile <- liftIO newTurnstile actions <- forAll $ Gen.sequential (Range.linear 1 100 ) initialState [ s_coin turnstile , s_push_locked turnstile , s_push_unlocked turnstile ] executeSequential initialState actions
* Test.Example.Turnstile > check prop_turnstile ✓ < interactive > passed 100 tests . True
Unfortunately, this test passed first try! The machine was too simple. Let's break it in an inane way to see the counterexample. I suggest flipping the model's initialState over to TUnlocked :
* Test.Example.Turnstile > check prop_turnstile ✗ < interactive > failed after 4 tests and 1 shrink . ┏━━ test / Test / Example / Turnstile.hs ━━━ 130 ┃ s_push_unlocked :: ( Monad n, MonadIO m, MonadTest m) => Turnstile -> Command n m ModelState < snip > 150 ┃ -- Postcondition: we gain admission, the turnstile gate is locked. 151 ┃ , Ensure $ \before after Push b -> do 152 ┃ before === TUnlocked 153 ┃ assert b ┃ ^^^^^^^^ ┏━━ test / Test / Example / Turnstile.hs ━━━ 159 ┃ prop_turnstile :: Property 160 ┃ prop_turnstile = 161 ┃ property $ do 162 ┃ turnstile <- liftIO newTurnstile 163 ┃ actions <- forAll $ 164 ┃ Gen.actions (Range.linear 1 100 ) initialState [ 165 ┃ s_coin turnstile 166 ┃ , s_push_locked turnstile 167 ┃ , s_push_unlocked turnstile 168 ┃ ] ┃ │ [ Var 0 :<- Push ] 169 ┃ executeSequential initialState actions This failure can be reproduced by running : > recheck ( Size 3 ) ( Seed 8794484450743003252 4983793967879311195 ) < property > False
The first push failed. We thought it was unlocked and tried to push, but it was not. Our model did not line up with reality, and Hedgehog demonstrated this with the smallest counterexample.
Perhaps you haven't yet noticed, but this turnstile service isn't the most useful system in the world. There are way more useful concurrency control abstractions in Haskell's standard library! It's just a stand-in effectful program.
Identifying race conditions
Thus far, we've been testing sequentially. We generate a list of actions, and run them one by one.
In practice, most effectful systems are concurrent. I commonly encounter threadsafe local abstractions, as well as external services, like a web application. Even this turnstile has atomicity guarantees that should be tested.
Since we're already generating arbitrary lists of actions, it shouldn't be much of a stretch to run arbitrary subsets of them in parallel, shrinking to find an unsafe interleaving. Indeed, this is the basis of Hedgehog's (as-yet unreleased) parallel state machine facilities!
These are easy to use: we just replace executeSequential with executeParallel in our property. If the actions being executed are not atomic, subsequences being run in parallel should hone in on the mismatch, and should shrink down to find the smallest such interleaving.
Parameterised actions
You may have noticed that our model and actions were parameterised by some higher-kinded type, (v :: * -> *) . Likewise, I promised the complicated types in Command would have some use.
We didn't need it for our simple turnstile, but actions in an effectful system may produce return values that inform future interaction; think things like session IDs, user IDs, or timestamps. These are variable in the eyes of our state machine.
We need to reason about these values symbolically when generating sequences of actions; for example, you might want to say that the new UserId goes into a hash table, though we haven't performed the IO yet.
Once the action has been performed, we have the concrete result, and we can reason about it in more detail. In Ensure postconditions, we have access to the concrete value, and we can use it for assertions.
Hedgehog makes this distinction by parameterising things with a functor, which can be either Symbolic or Concrete . Ephemeral values should be represented in the model as Var UserId v .
Example: Tickets
Suppose we are interacting with an opaque ticketing system, where each ticket has some serial number. We don't care what the serial is, only that it's unique.
Our model might look something like this:
data ModelState ( v :: * -> * ) = ModelState { modelShows :: Set ShowName , modelTickets :: Map ( Var TicketId v) ShowName }
Our UseTicket command might look something like this:
data UseTicket ( v :: * -> * ) = UseTicket ( Var TicketId v)
... and our IssueTicket command will look something like this:
... in Command gen execute [ Require $ \s ( IssueTicket show) -> S.member show (modelShows s) , Update $ \s ( IssueTicket show) tid -> s { modelTickets = M.insert tid show (modelTickets s) } ]
Better examples
Jacob has ported a classic Erlang QuickCheck example to Hedgehog. You'll find it in the hedgehog-example repo. It uses all the facilities described above.
Tune in next time for a much more comprehensive example using WAI.
Try it out!
This is a really nice way to specify and test effectful systems. It's much more effective than example-testing with canned action sequences.
There's also a lot of potential for test reuse: anything implementing the same interface can use the same property. The in-memory prototype and the production database-backed version of the same service can share the same excellent test coverage.
I'm looking forward to consolidating lots of my glorified unit tests and half-baked properties into these simple machines!
These techniques are not new! Quviq et al have been doing this for a living for many moons, and quite profitably. If you've done serious testing this way, please get in touch, as I'd love to see more examples.
Source code
I've omitted several uninteresting implementation details, so the code presented in this post may not compile on its own. The unabridged source is available here.
Image copyright Wales News Service Image caption Alan Blacker was criticised for wearing medals and ribbons during the trial by the judge
A judge has criticised a lawyer for appearing in court looking like "something out of Harry Potter".
Long-haired Alan Blacker appeared with St John Ambulance medals and ribbons on their breast during a trial in Cardiff Crown Court.
Judge David Wynn Morgan also questioned Mr Blacker's right as a solicitor advocate to wear the robes and wig of a barrister.
Mr Blacker said they were "very upset" the judge had questioned their credentials.
They had been defending minibus driver Andrzej Wojcicki, jailed for five years after being found guilty of causing the death of a cyclist by dangerous driving in Caerphilly county.
During the trial, Mr Blacker had used the name Lord Harley, saying it was an Irish peerage inherited from their father.
But Judge Morgan was unimpressed by their appearance and after the trial told him: "If you want to look like something out of Harry Potter you can forget coming to this court ever again."
Image copyright Wales News Service Image caption Alan Blacker uses the the title Lord Harley
They added: "I have been practising in these courts since 1978 and I have never seen a barrister or solicitor appear before these courts wearing a medal or with badges sewn onto theirs gown.
"Here in south Wales we had a barrister, who later became a judge, who had won during the Battle of Normandy the highest order of gallantry in a Victoria Cross.
"Did you ever see them wearing a medal? They would have considered it the height of vulgarity for such a thing to be done.
"If you ever appear before this court again dressed as you are I shall exercise my right to decline to hear you."
'Hurt me deeply'
Speaking after the case, Mr Blacker, from Rochdale, Greater Manchester, said: "My qualifications, status and offices were brought into disrepute and I was personally very upset by the comments made towards me.
"I am shocked to the core that my position has been questioned - which is I feel reflective of the sacrifice of thousands of men who have died for the freedoms that are referred to in the title of Lord Harley for almost 1,100 years.
"For Their Honour to have criticised me in such a way has hurt me deeply.
"I cannot say any more for legal reasons but I am deeply upset for what I consider were baseless and unjustified comments.
"I asked to see the judge in their chambers afterwards and they declined and now I have to take advice on the matter.
'Police'
"My bona fides are beyond any reproach."
However, St John in Wales said Lord Harley is not a member of the Order of St John and it had contacted the police over the issue.
Chief executive Keith Dunn said: "He is not entitled to say that they are a Knight of the Order of St John and the dignities that appertain to membership.
"We have asked the chief constable for South Wales Police to investigate this matter and St John will be taking legal action if necessary."
The case was opened under the crimes against humanity article and may be sent to the Hague-based International Criminal Court, they said.
Branovytsky fought at Donetsk Airport and was taken prisoner and killed by separatists on Jan. 21 when they were seizing the airport's new terminal.
The event follows numerous other reports on torture and murders allegedly committed by Kremlin-backed militants.
Branovytsky's coffin was carried by soldiers to Kyiv's Mikhailovsky Cathedral for a memorial service on April 3. A crowd of about 200 people, including their relatives and comrades-at-arms, gathered and chanted “heroes do not die” – a slogan of the 2013-2014 EuroMaidan Revolution.
Branovytsky, a soldier of the 90th battalion of the 81th brigade, remained at the airport's new terminal to protect the wounded, Anatoly Svyryd, a sergeant at the same battalion, told the Kyiv Post during Branovytsky's funeral.
Both Branovytsky and Svyryd were taken prisoner by the Russian-backed Sparta battalion on Jan. 21. Svyryd was taken to a hospital in Donetsk, while about 12 prisoners, including Branovytsky, were transferred to the barracks of the Sparta Battalion in the city.
“We were beaten (by Kremlin-backed militants) for six to seven hours in a row,” Yury Sova, an eyewitness of the killing and a fighter of the 80th paratrooper brigade who was also transported to the battalion's barracks, said by phone. “Branovytsky was beaten brutally, and a lot of their bones were broken.”
A YouTube video posted on Jan. 21 shows Russian-backed militants questioning the prisoners, including Branovytsky. In the video, their face is bloodied and bruised.
The militants asked the soldiers who was a machine gunner, and Branovytsky said that they were one and added that they supported a united Ukraine, Sova said. Separatists have reportedly targeted machine gunners because of their capacity to kill more Russian-backed fighters.
An ambulance came to take Branovytsky but “Motorola (the commander of the Sparta battalion) took out a TT pistol and shot him,” claiming that it was an act of mercy to prevent their suffering, according to Sova.
Branovytsky's life could have been saved if they had been taken to a hospital, Sova added.
“Motorola, a Russian citizen, bandit and murderer, told everyone to get up,” Vovk said. “Ihor couldn't get up. (Motorola) said that (Branovytsky) didn't need any ambulance, that they were themselves an ambulance, and shot them twice in the head.”
Motorola said by phone that they would not comment on Branovytsky's murder.
“I don't give a shit about any accusations, believe it or not,” Motorola said. “I've shot 15 prisoners. I don't give a shit. No comment. I kill whoever I want.”
Sova and Svyryd were luckier than Branovytsky. They were subsequently held in the basement of the former Security Service building in Donetsk and released as part of a prisoner swap.
Vovk said that Motorola was a suspect in the Branovytsky case and might be tried in absentia, though the Security Service thinks there is a chance to detain him. Over 600 people have been questioned in connection with the case.
“We will bring to justice everyone who does things that a normal person can't even imagine,” they said. “This murder was committed (not only by Motorola but also) by the leaders of those terrorist groups and their supervisors in the neighboring country (a veiled reference to Russia).”
Ukrainian authorities will try to put Motorola and other possible suspects in the Branovytsky case on an international wanted list, Vovk said.
Branovytsky's fellow soldiers share a positive view of him.
“Ihor is a real warrior and a real man,” Svyryd said. “He was not a show-off. Not all people are brave enough to say flat out what they said.”
Pavel Tuka, a soldier of the 90th battalion of the 81th brigade, agrees with Svyryd. Tuka and Branovytsky were drafted by Kyiv's Pechersk enlistment office last August.
“He was an incredibly smart guy and a very just one,” Tuka told the Kyiv Post. “And sometimes this became an obstacle for him. They were a kind man and was always ready to help.”
Stanislav Stovban, a fighter of the 80th brigade's 3rd battalion, is one of the wounded whom Branovytsky helped at the airport.
“I'm alive thanks to him,” Stovban, who has to use a wheelchair because of their injuries, told the Kyiv Post. They were released by separatists as part of a prisoner swap on Feb. 5.
Kyiv Post staff writer
Oleg Sukhov can be reached at reaganx84@gmail.com.
Separatists questioning Ukrainian prisoners of war at Donetsk Airport on Jan. 21. Branovytsky's face is bloodied and bruised.
Separatists questioning Ukrainian prisoners of war at Donetsk Airport on Jan. 21.
Peter Boghossian: The Deepak Chopra of Atheism? Peter Boghossian is an interesting figure. Back in January I wrote a review of their new book, A Manual for Creating Atheists , which intends...
The Echo Chamber: Loftus, Lindsay, Coyne & Boghossian on Philosophy of Religion I knew it would only be a matter of time before John Loftus had to respond to my latest interview with Graham Oppy on the philosophy of r...
Ancient Aliens? I Don't Think So. To the left you'll find "The Crucifixion." The image on the bottom is the 14th century fresco at a monastery in Kosovo, and i...
Redirecting Godless Skeptic is now retired. You will be redirected to the new blog shortly. -Taylor
Kai Nielsen on Natural Law and Divine Command Theory It's common to hear theists make the claim that there cannot be a moral law without a moral law-giver. C.S. Lewis, Ravi Zacharias, and ...
13 Days of Halloween, 13 Wicked Albums: Day 5 Iced Earth Horror Show (2001) No other album says Halloween to me like Horror Show by the heavy metal band Iced Earth. Many artists h...
The Minimal Facts for the Resurrection: Why a Skeptic Doesn't Believe The following is an excerpt from my critical review of Rick Broocks' Man, Myth, Messiah: Answering History's Greatest Questi...
The Revolutionary Message of Jesus This is the first of a few articles from Godless Haven that has been removed and will be featured here for archive purposes. Originally writ...
The Absurdity of Life With or Without God: A Reply to William Lane Craig Introduction: The Human Need for Meaning The annals of human history tell a familiar story. Were sentient extraterrestrial beings to read...
GAMET1ME is a Community Center for Geeks and Gamers. Our goal is brought together a community where you can enjoy your favorite hobby with your friends safely and well. We host everything from Professional Tournaments to Casual Board game nights. We are dedicated to building a community around education, gaming, socializing and respect.
In the Afternoon GAMET1ME Community Game & LAN offers you 32 Xbox 360's, 8 Xbox One's, 6 PS4's, 2 Nintendo Wii U's, and 11 PC's, including HTC Vive. Not to mention seating for 54 people for Magic the Gathering, Dungeons & Dragons, YU-GI-OH!, Pokémon, Cardfight! Vanguard, Warhammer, & more. Gaming Parties every weekend, and a place every gamer can call “Home”.
Early Afternoon GAMET1ME also offers Homework 1st, an after school club for that uses games as a reward for completed homework. 7-17 years old for just $50 a week Monday-Friday 2:00pm-6:30pm. Click on the Homework 1st tab for more info.
Other incredible educational opportunities are available at Gamet1me as well.
Did we mention GAMET1ME is the perfect place for Birthday Parties, Social Gatherings, Corporate Parties, & Cosplay?
The possibilities at GAMET1ME are endless. We hope we can somehow reward you with our one-of-a-kind venue & service.
Refund Policy: All sales at GameT1me are final.
The BMC should only plant trees that are holy and sacred to ‘our' culture, demands the Shiv Sena's nominated member in the Tree Authority.The Shiv Sena has demanded that the BMC plant trees like peepal and banyan that are holy and sacred to Hindu culture across the city. A Sena-nominated member of the Tree Authority, horticulturist Hanumant Raje, has made the demand before the authority.In phase one of its GPS-based tree census, the BMC had counted 16,01,514 trees in 16 administrative wards surveyed so far. It identified 298 different tree species including 20 rare ones and one hitherto not known to be in the city, adam's apple or manilkara kaukil, in D ward. Rain trees are most common, and gulmohar and coconut trees are also pretty common.“Our culture is itself is based on nature and its elements,” said Raje. “It is the most environment friendly. The importance of trees in our culture is unique. Many of the trees that are referred in epics have medicinal values and can purify the air. The BMC must plant such trees so that they are preserved and people don't hack them easily.”Raje's list of sacred trees also includes sweet lime, ashoka, tamarind, kadamba, bakul, khari, deodar, palas, chandan, belpatri, arjun and rudrakasha.“These trees have special mention in the epics and are culturally relevant,” they said. Youngsters don't know about them. The BMC should plant them and also put up boards giving information about them indicating their scientific names, medicinal use etc, so at least people will know about the trees.”BMC officials said that they would discuss the proposal in the Tree Authority's next meeting. “There is no policy at the moment on what trees should be planted,” said an official from the BMC's Garden Department. “Tree plantation is done routinely based on local requests. We prefer trees that require less water and are easy to maintain.”The opposition Congress is sceptical. “All trees are good for the environment,” said Congress corporator Devendra Amberkar. “We don't want trees to be given any religious or cultural colour. As long as the BMC is planting more trees and preventing existing ones from being hacked, we will support them.”
Booze could soon be used to churn economic development in Ohio communities like Cincinnati.
A bipartisan "open container" bill that would allow people to openly drink on the streets has a good chance of passage in coming months, The Cincinnati Enquirer reported Friday.
A number of cities nationwide, including Memphis, Louisville and Montgomery, Ala., have already adopted similar bills.
Leslie Gower, spokesperson for the Downtown Memphis Commission, said Memphis' Beale Street is the ultimate success story. "Beale Street is Tennessee's top tourism destination, and that's largely because of the alcohol," Gower said. "It goes into creating a festive environment."
Members of the Downtown Residents Council have mixed views on the bill, according to President Craig Hudson. "Anything that creates more activity we're in favor of, but from a trash and rowdiness standpoint there was some concern," they said.
Sponsoring state Sen. Eric Kearney is reworking the bill and expects a committee vote late this year or some time in March when the General Assembly returns.
Click here to read the full story from The Cincinnati Enquirer.
Back to the glory days of Northern Rock
“People buying newly built houses will need a deposit of as little as 5 per cent under measures designed by the government to help unstick the housing market.”
Financial Times, Nov 22
What's the story here?
We need to go back to the height of the credit boom, four or five years ago. Banks were handing out mortgages without requiring a deposit. In the case of the most brilliantly managed banks, for example Northern Rock and HBOS, mortgages were offered with loan-to-value ratios of 125 per cent, in effect allowing house buyers to go deep into negative equity the day they collected the keys.
Was that a problem?
Yes, it was. Somebody in negative equity may be unable to move house without defaulting on the mortgage loan, which makes them a risky proposition for the bank, as well as trapping them in other ways – making it hard to move to find new work, for example. There's also a fair case to be made that loose lending standards in the UK helped drive house prices up to absurd levels. If people tend to get carried away when they see rising house prices, which seems plausible enough, then their spending will be limited only by the giddy enthusiasm of the banks.
Oh. Sounds bad.
It's good for elderly people who happen to move to smaller houses at just the right moment, and it's good for presenters and producers of vacuous home-improvement pornography. But it's bad news for anybody who owns less house than they'd ideally like – which is most of us, given how pokey British houses are – and it's also bad news for the stability of the financial system. The crisis was triggered by similar loans in the US, not in the UK, but that doesn't make overstretched UK loans a good idea.
Right. So what's the problem that the prime minister is trying to solve?
It's very simple: this unsavoury state of affairs stopped a few years ago, and David Cameron would like to kick-start it again.
I'm sorry, I must have misheard you.
That's what I thought when I heard the policy being announced, but I am afraid it's true. Such mortgages only made sense – for both bank and homebuyer – if you had (false) confidence that house prices would continue to rise forever. The government has noticed that banks have lost this confidence and now insist on substantial deposits as a cushion in case house prices fall. So it plans to throw the taxpayer guarantee in there – on top of the deposit cushion, the taxpayer is a kind of airbag. If prices fall and the buyer defaults on the loan, the taxpayer will absorb some of the impact.
On what planet is this a good idea?
Let's be fair: more house building would be an excellent plan. It's a contribution to the long-term wealth of the country; unlike manufacturing it cannot be offshored and provides plenty of employment, even from the young and the unskilled. And there aren't nearly enough houses, which is another reason why prices are so high – relative to earnings they are still roughly at the level at the peak of the catastrophic late-1980s housing bubble. Private companies are building about 100,000 homes a year – low levels not seen since the 1920s. A few hundred thousand more houses each year at a time when prices are high and unemployment is also high would kill several birds with one stone.
But?
But this is surely the stupidest imaginable way to stimulate house building. There are three fundamental problems: prices look high, so banks don't wish to be exposed to their likely fall by lending either to developers or to house buyers; the banking system itself is fragile, exacerbating the sense of caution; and above all, planning permission is hard to come by, so if you have the money to build a house the local council probably won't let you. The government's response is to try to prop up prices with the following proposition: lend money to people who should not be buying such expensive houses, and if things turn sour you can repossess the home, sell it at a loss and the taxpayer will see you right.
What does the opposition think of this plan?
They think it should be much bigger. Not nearly enough taxpayers' money has been thrown into it, apparently. Without a more determined effort we'll never get back to the aggressive lending of the glory days of Northern Rock.
What happened to Northern Rock again?
Let's just say it's gone to a better place.
Also published at ft.com.
At school districts around the country, parents are facing sticker shock as the new school year begins. More and more public schools are charging fees for things that used to be free.
The charges range from $2 for a pair of lab glasses and $5 to cover the cost of printer toner, to up to hundreds of dollars to ride the school bus or play after-school sports.
California is different. Two years ago a law went into effect that abolishes all fees for students in public schools there. Should public schools in other parts of the country be following that model - or are fees the only way to make up budget shortfalls?
Here & Now's Meghna Chakrabarti speaks with David Sapp, director of education advocacy for the ACLU of California.
Interview Highlights: David Sapp
How did California end up abolishing fees for public schools?
"Well, the story actually starts back in 1879 when California adopted its constitution and included a provision that said students had a right to a free public education, and so the public school system was explicitly created as free. And over the years, there have been different guidance, opinions and decisions – including by the state Supreme Court – that clarified and reinforced what had been written into the constitution in the 1800s. But what we saw back in the early 2010, 2011 range was that a lot of schools all of a sudden were very openly charging fees again for basic parts of the education system: for course materials, for basic instruction packs. We actually saw an enrollment fee and that's what really prompted us to take action and approach the issue at a state-wide level as opposed to just individual instances."
Have programs been cut as a result of abolishing the fees?
"What we've seen is that overall, the awareness of what the rules are with respect to fees has increased tremendously. What we haven't seen is the wholesale elimination of programs that people believe the schools should be offering. There's nothing in the law that prohibits schools from asking parents or any member of the public to contribute their fair share, for example, or to say 'if we don't have enough people make a contribution for this cost, we may have to discontinue the program.' So, again, this goes back to the ultimate value behind the public education system of an investment for an egalitarian society and whatever our community believes it should provide to the young people in the community. Why is it that we're having to charge fees to provide basic instructional materials for science class to students? What does that say about us and how we're valuing the education we're giving to our kids. So in general, we haven't seen a widespread loss of programming. What we've seen is a more intentional and honest conversation about the resources available to our public schools. Because at the end of the day, we know that the state has not invested to the extent that it needs to to provide that rich, robust set of offerings that can make an education equal and exciting and engaging for all students."
But isn't there still a problem between affluent and non-affluent districts?
“Absolutely. It is a problem and, you know, in California, this goes back decades across school district lines. There are differences in the amount that they're able to spend per student. You know, that goes back to the '70s. There was actually a major lawsuit that focused on gross disparities, and even after the court found the level of disparity was so extreme as to violate the Constitution. Even today we still see that there are those disparities and so that absolutely is a reality."
Guest
By now you've probably seen a meme or two mocking the phrase, “The Free Speech Movement is dead.” As the president of the Berkeley College Republicans, let me own up to having written those words.
I penned that phrase with adrenaline pulsing through my veins. Only minutes before, I was followed by members of an “anti-fascist” group yelling expletives and threats my way; not long before that, I was in the Martin Luther King Jr. Student Union as it was pelted by rocks and bricks, fireworks exploding right outside, the mob burning with hate as the campus burned. It's fair to say my feelings during that fateful night of Feb. 1 were deadly serious.
Unlike so many of these people who might have done me harm or wished violence upon me, I have a sense of humor. I chuckle to myself when I see a meme ridiculously — and incorrectly — portraying the son of working-class California natives as some entitled brat preparing to sic lawyers on UC Berkeley using their father's money. And unlike so many of these edgy teens and meme-posters, I understand that the events that transpired in the city of Berkeley over the past year did not revolve around how the Berkeley College Republicans' comments and actions were perceived, nor did it revolve around the spilled blood between two radicalized sides.
The so-called “Battles of Berkeley” were fundamentally about free speech. The debate between the far-left and -right is not whether communism or fascism is the preferable system under which to live; rather, the debate is over what kind of speech is truly “free” and deserving of the full protection of the U.S. Constitution. Anyone who fails to recognize this as a conflict over constitutional freedoms rather than political ideology fails to understand what's really happening here at Berkeley.
This idea was best illustrated in the immediate aftermath of Feb. 1. A few students doubled-down and attempted to justify the actions of the violent “black bloc.” One such person — one of my peers at UC Berkeley — left an indelible impression on me when, smiling, they informed me that they believed it should be permissible to physically assault someone whom they suspected of being a “Nazi” or an enabler of one. I couldn't help but think they meant me. Our discussion did not debate the merits and demerits of any political system; it came down to free speech, plain and simple.
So many on the left have been advancing the specious argument that “hate speech” is an unprotected form of expression, and even more believe “hate speech” should be suppressed even if it merits legal protection. For some reason, these ideologues, partisans and pundits do not find this repressive position to be in tension with the legacy of the Free Speech Movement at UC Berkeley. What an astounding level of cognitive dissonance to believe that Mario Savio would not find the recent silencing of conservative speech on campus utterly alien to the movement they spearheaded.
If we are to claim ourselves to be a nation of ideals and of law, then we must adhere to the Constitution as the law of land, completely unabridged. We cannot sweep freedom of speech under the rug to post a meme about the Berkeley College Republicans or debate airy ideologies. Instead, we should prove that the Free Speech Movement is alive and well at UC Berkeley.
Let's listen to each other rather than shout each other down. Perhaps we might just learn something worthwhile.
Troy Worden is the president of the Berkeley College Republicans.
BOOM!… Rep. Darrell Issa Has Information That Will Link IRS Scandal ‘Into the White House' (Video)
BOOM!
FOX News reporter Carl Cameron told Bill O'Reilly tonight that House Oversight Committee Chairman Darrell Issa (R-CA) has information that will move the IRS scandal up into the White House. The committee is meeting on Thursday.
“What they said to me today was make sure to watch tomorrow's hearing because he's going to present the evidence to prove it…. That they can get it right up all the way into the White House before it was all revealed.”
This is devastating.
We also found out today that the IRS chief counsel's office is involved in the targeting controversy.
At Least 292 Conservative Groups Were Targeted by the IRS
** At least 292 conservative groups targeted
** At least 5 pro-Israel groups targeted
** Constitutional groups targeted
** Groups that criticized Obama administration were targeted
** At least two pro-life groups targeted
** A Texas voting-rights group was targeted
** Conservative activists and businesses were targeted.
** At least 88 IRS agents were involved in the targeting scandal
** At least one conservative Hispanic group was targeted
There is an almost zero chance that Iran and the world powers will sign a historic agreement on Monday, but the reason for that has nothing to do with the details of the negotiations : Not with the number of centrifuges, not with the number of inspection years and not even with the West's insistence to get its hands on the Iranian military nuclear project.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The real reason for the deadlock is that the Iranians don't trust the Americans in general and US President Barack Obama in particular.
Obama wants to lift the sanctions gradually, over a few years, both due to the need to examine how serious the Iranians really are and because the Congress will not approve an overall removal of the sanctions.
But the Iranians are holding a mirror to their face and saying: You are demanding that we freeze the situation and accept tight supervision for 10 years – but in three years' time, when we demand a further ease of the sanctions, you'll have a different president who might not fulfill the commitment you are giving us today.
Iranian President Hassan Rouhani promised spiritual leader Ali Khamenei and their people a dramatic change in the country's economy following the removal of the sanctions, but the Iranians don't believe that the current agreement will lead to an immediate improvement in their situation, and are therefore setting an ultimatum to the West: All or nothing.
During the negotiations, the Americans agreed to everything. There is not a single intelligence agency in the West today which thinks the Iranians don't have a nuclear military project, but the Americans dropped the demand to receive information and supervise the project.
The Americans also agreed that the Iranians would continue to produce enriched uranium through centrifuges. The only disagreement was over the number: At first, the US agreed to only 1,500 centrifuges, and then went up to 4,500, but the Iranians insisted on keeping everything they had already built – all the 9,000 centrifuges they have.
Then the Americans began inventing patents such as "leave the centrifuges, but just cut off the electricity supply so that we'll see they are not working." The Iranians wouldn't even agree to that.
In order to square the circle, the Americans sent up trial balloons in the form of reports that the Russians or anyone else would produce the fuel rods for the Iranians, but the Iranians thwarted the initiative by turning down the idea.
Washington's explanation of its generosity towards Tehran was that even an imperfect diplomatic achievement is preferable to a military conflict with harsh results.
The US admits that Iran is just around the corner from producing a nuclear weapon, and that within a year and a half it will be able to arm a nuclear bomb as soon as it decides. But according to the Americans, if this situation can be frozen for at least 10 years through tight supervision – it will be enough. They will rack our brains later as to what to do next. The important thing today is to recruit Iran for the sake of regional stability.
In light of the poor relations between Obama and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Israel has almost zero influence on the US on the Iranian issue. The Americans update the Israelis, and opinions are exchanged, but when there is no trust on the political echelon it means nothing.
Israel, however, can see a certain accomplishment in the fact that a permanent agreement has not been achieved, as this has postponed the inevitable conflict between Jerusalem and Washington.
All payments are due at the fall of the hammer unless otherwise specified. Please be aware of this. Late payments are subject to fees and penalties at the discretion of the Auction House. Be aware that invoice delinquency WILL lead to disabling of a bidder account and making all bidding unavailable on Proxibid. Payments unpaid or late will result in the account being sent to a collections agency. This can affect your overall credit scores for up to 7 years. Your bidder registration has been researched before approval for bidding at auction. The card provided on file was verified for identity purposes prior to approval. Lastly a chargeback will be not accepted for any reason or on any purchase through Proxibid. No exceptions. All property is sold "AS IS", and ALL SALES ARE FINAL. It is the Bidder's responsibility to determine condition, age, genuineness, value or any other determinative factor. J Sugarman Auction Corp may attempt to describe the merchandise in advertising, on the Internet and at the auction but makes no representations. In no event shall J Sugarman Auction Corp be held responsible for having made or implied any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. Bidder shall be the sole judge of value. Bidders who bid from off site and are not present at the live auction or preview understand and acknowledge that they may not be able to inspect an item as well as if they examined it in person. It is the Bidder's responsibility to determine condition, age, genuineness, value or any other determinative factor. J Sugarman Auction Corp shall endeavor to describe in detail each item and any pertinent information about it. J Sugarman Auction Corp will not be responsible for any errors or omissions in the description of the merchandise unless it is a material and intentional misrepresentation of the item itself. Bidder agrees that everything is sold "AS IS" and that they may not return any item they purchase. J Sugarman Auction Corp is providing Internet bidding as a service to Bidder. Bidder acknowledges and understands that this service may or may not function correctly. Under no circumstances shall Bidder have any kind of claim against J Sugarman Auction Corp or anyone else if the Internet service fails to work correctly before or during the auction. J Sugarman Auction Corp will not be responsible for any missed bids from any source. Internet bidders who desire to make certain their bid is acknowledged should use the proxy-bidding feature and leave their maximum bid before the auction begins. J Sugarman Auction Corp reserves the right to withdraw or re-catalog items in this auction.
Special Terms
Despite making more than a billion dollars, some of the nation's super rich manage to pay an extremely low tax rate.
The top 400 earners in the U.S. paid an average tax rate of 18 percent, according to a Bloomberg TV report noticed by Think Progress. And though that's a far lower rate than the 26.5 percent that many families making less than $100,000 pay annually in taxes, some of America's super-rich have been able to whittle their tax bill down even more, paying a tax rate as low as one percent, according to Bloomberg.
How? Many of the super rich take advantage of a variety of tax loopholes to lower their tax burden. For some of America's rich, most of their wealth comes from stock appreciation, according to Bloomberg, which some billionaires don't end up defining as taxable income.
These findings echo earlier reports, which suggest that the super rich may not be paying their full share in taxes. More than 1,400 millionaires paid no U.S. income taxes in 2009, according to an August report from the Internal Revenue Service.
In addition, 25 percent of all millionaires pay a smaller percentage of their income taxes than millions of middle class households.
But billionaires aren't the only ones that use loopholes to pay lower taxes. Thirty of America's most profitable corporations used rules like the "active financing exception" -- allowing corporations to sidestep paying taxes on overseas profits if they were derived by "actively financing" some activity or deal -- to pay less than zero in income taxes, according to a recent report from the Center for Tax Justice.
Though many super wealthy Americans and very rich corporations use loopholes to lower their tax burden, some have advocated for raising taxes on themselves. Warren Buffett became the most prominent advocate for raising taxes on the rich when they wrote an op-ed in The New York Times in August encouraging lawmakers to raise taxes on millionaires so that they pay the same or higher rate as middle class earners.
Earlier this week, a band of millionaires went to Capitol Hill to lobby Congress to raise their taxes. And they seem to have the support of millionaires around the country, nearly 70 percent of whom said in a survey last month that they support raising taxes on those making $1 million or more.
What do the one percenters do? Check out the slideshow below:
Learning these 10 sexy programming skills can make your knowledge sexier. I know you'll call me crazy, but this is fact. The below information is gathered from job boards, portals, postings, and requirements made by IT firms all over the world and posted within the past three months. The below statistics will be updated as the market and demand updates. We will work our hardest to ensure that the list is updated whenever major change occurs.
let's know which 10 Sexy Programming Skills That Will Help You to Get Dream Job
#1. Java
Java is a general Purpose class based object oriented programming language designed by James Gosling and Sun Microsystems and now owned by Oracle Inc. Despite security loop-holes that follows the Java Programming Language since beginning it tops the list. It has shown a decline in demand which is nearly 11% in the last quarter.
Latest Stable Release : Java Standard Edition 8, Update 40
#2. C/C++/C#
C is a general Purpose programming Language designed by Dennis Ritchie. It was used to re-implement the Unix operating system at Bell Labs. C++ is also a general purpose interpretive object oriented programming Language. C# (Pronounced C Sharp) is a multi-paradigm, object oriented class based programming language. There is no data for each of them independently however the combination of all three comes at number two. It has shown a growth in demand of nearly 2% in the last quarter.
Latest Release : C – C 11, C++ – ISO/IEC 14882:2014, C# – 5.0
#3. Python
The general Purpose high level programming Language was designed by Guido van Rossum. Having a growth in demand of upto 7% in the last quarter it comes at number three.
Latest Stable Release : 3.4.3
#4. Perl
Perl is a high level, general purpose dynamic Interpreted Language. Designed by Larry Wall perl stands fourth in the list. The Growth in demand for Perl has gone upto 9% in the last quarter
Latest Stable Release : 5.20.2
#5. PHP
PHP is a general purpose programming language most widely used in web development. PHP stands at number five and it has shown decline in demand by nearly 0.2% in the last quarter.
Latest Stable Release : 5.6.7
#6. JavaScript
JavaScript is a dynamic computer programming language most commonly used in web browsers for client side scripting. It stands tall at position six. It has shown a increase in demand by 3% in the last quarter.
Latest Stable Release : 1.8.5
#7. Embedded Development skills
Embedded skills are evergreen topic and it Stands at number seven. It has shown a growth in demand by 12% in the last quarter.
#8. Ruby on Rails
Ruby on Rails generally called as rails is an open source web application framework written in ruby Programming Language. It is standing rock solid at position eight and has shown a growth in demand by 27% in the last quarter.
Latest Stable Release : 4.2.1
#9. DevOps
Devops (DEVelopment + OperationS) is a software development method that is based upon communication, collaboration, integration, automation and cooperation. In the list of most popular skills for developers DevOps comes at number nine. It has shown a growth in demand by 13.51% in the last quarter.
#10. HTML
Hyper Text Markup Language is the standard markup language used primarily in creating web pages. HTML Comes at number ten. It has shown a decline in demand by 12%approximately in the last quarter.
Latest release : HTML 5
1 Java 11% – 2 C/C++/C## 2% + 3 Python 7% + 4 Perl 9% + 5 PHP 0.2% – 6 JavaScript 3% + 7 Embedded Development Skills 12% + 8 Ruby on Rails 27% + 9 DevOps 13.51% + 10 HTML 12% –
I hope after learning these 10 Sexy Programming Skills , you ll be got hired in few days all you have to do apply in cool IT firms 🙂
MARION -- A new report from federal investigators claims the Marion VA is plagued with problems that could have led to veterans dying.
The problems date back more than nine years, ranging from organizational corruption, nepotism, intimidation and bullying, to poor patient conditions.
The V-A National Center for Patient Safety found numerous problems at the Marion V-A and detailed the problems in a memo to Rep. Mike Bost's office last week.
"If the complaints are unfounded, then tell me that," Bost said. "But I don't think they're unfounded. I think there's been a real problem."
Bost wants VA Secretary David Shulkin to find out why those problems haven't been fixed.
"So we know where they fell short, what's going on and why it is that the proper authorities haven't been able to keep up with it," Bost said.
Bost said they have heard complaints from several people since taking office in 2014, but for every negative story, Bost said they also heard a positive one. Bost said the report by VA investigators that landed on their desk last week is what prompted their calls for an investigation.
A memo from the VA NCPS details the complaints, mostly in the years following a glowing report in 2014 that gave the Marion VA mostly above average marks in key areas.
Since that report, employees detailed a "mafia-type system" among Marion VA Administrators, bullying and intimidation among those administrators, and the deaths of at least 15 veterans that were at the Marion VA's Community Living Center since October.
A former employee who wishes to go by the name Mark said the number of deaths is actually more than that.
"At the CLC, I've seen people pass away and their bodies not be cleaned up, not fixed, nobody's even called a funeral home or called family in seven hours," Mark said.
Mark said they worked at the Marion VA for three years until just last week when they were fired by administrators for being aggressive with a patient.
They said they notified staff that the patient was combative and needed special treatment but no one listened.
"Everybody and their mom knows who this guy is. Everybody knows how combative they are with everybody. And instead of them taking that and saying 'Okay what can we do with this patient because he's combative,' they said, 'Get in there and do your care.'"
Mark said they notified authorities about the poor conditions because they felt obligated to, but those complaints went nowhere. Mark believes their reports, along with several others from whistle blowers, were covered up by VA administrators.
"When I see patients being abused or I see patients laying in their bed who have passed away for seven hours, not being taken care of, I'm sorry that guy's a human being, they deserve dignity and respect. Look what he's done for their country."
Rep. Bost said they want a response to their request for answers by September.
A spokesperson for the Marion VA declined to comment for this story.
The memo detailing problems at the Marion VA can be found here. Bost's letter to the VA Secretary can be found here.
It's one of the oldest right-wing claims: "Excessive" regulation will harm job creators and kill the economy. But is it based on sound economics?
One new study, which examines this particular argument, finds it absurd on its face. Taylor Lincoln, who authored the report for Public Citizen, tells Salon the goal was to “point out hypocrisy and contradictions and the chasms between rhetoric and reality.” To that end, the report cites one Heritage Foundation study which asserted that a more efficient regulatory system could create 9.6 million jobs. The problem, as Washington Post columnist Steven Pearlstein noted: “there are only 7 million unemployed Americans.”
Advertisement:
Heritage isn't the only one making this argument. A Phoenix Foundation study claimed that, “a 5 percent reduction in the federal regulatory budget would yield 5.9 million new jobs over five years.” But the Public Citizen report points out that this leads to a ludicrous conclusion: “a 16 percent decrease (a figure the authors chose to parallel the amount by which they say federal spending had exceeded revenue since 2000) would result in the creation of 18.8 million new jobs over five years. In contrast, there are only about 11.3 million unemployed Americans.”
Dr. Thomas McGarity, a University of Texas professor who has studied regulation for decades, finds the right-wing argument wanting. As to whether cutting regulation could increase economic growth, they tell Salon, “it's a silly argument. The impact of regulation, particularly in this era when it's so darn hard to write a regulation, is nothing compared to what the Fed does each meeting.” Their most recent book, Freedom to Harm, details how a decade-long assault on regulation threatens workers and the environment.
In fact, the OMB estimates that regulations provide huge economic benefits. They find that major regulations benefit the economy between $193 billion and $800 billion a year at a cost of $57 to $84 billion. McGarity confirms this, telling Salon, “The thing that is most troubling to me is, when the right-wing think-tanks or the government estimates the cost of regulation, they never go back and see how much it did cost. The few retrospective studies that have been done have shown uniformly that the cost estimates have been higher, much higher than the actual cost of the regulation. The reason is that once the regulations are in place companies are able to adapt to them very quickly.”
The irony is that Republicans always hail the ability of businesses to innovate and adapt, but their anti-regulatory stance is premised on the idea the businesses cannot adapt to new regulation.
Both McGarity and Lincoln noted that Nixon, Ford and H.W. Bush were all very pro-regulation. McGarity tells Salon that “there used to be strong environmentally conscious Republicans in the House and Senate, [but] you can't point to one Republican now who is a strong environmental advocate.” Lincoln says the anti-regulatory impulse is tied to the economy. When the economy is strong, businesses quickly adapt to regulation, but in hard times, regulation appears as a scapegoat for the weak economy. Both feared that the Republican party is now ruled largely by business interests unconcerned with the common good.
But it's not just right-wing think tanks and demagogues claiming that cutting regulation will somehow magically create jobs. The Economist claimed this year: “But red tape in America is no laughing matter. The problem is not the rules that are self-evidently absurd. It is the ones that sound reasonable on their own but impose a huge burden collectively.” The article concludes that regulation may “crush the life out of America's economy.”
Advertisement:
In the New York Times earlier this month, Tyler Cowen wrote:
We don't really know the total regulatory burden in our economy today, in part because there are too many rules and side effects to add up all the costs. Nonetheless, we are continually increasing the obstacles to doing business. America has lost the robust productivity growth of much of the postwar era, and the share of start-ups in the economy has been falling each decade since the 1980s. Although overregulation is hardly the only culprit, it is very likely contributing to the problem.
When arguing to gut America's regulatory regime, one doesn't need data or statistics, just a general feeling that regulation is probably harming economic growth.
Opponents of regulation often suggest that regulations create uncertainty and therefore stymie growth, but in truth they do the opposite. To understand why, imagine a world without regulation, one in which railroad track gauges are divergent, food and drugs are released without trials and buildings are built on a whim. Americans who visit countries with a weak governance are often surprised to find that the stairs aren't of equal height. By establishing a minimum standard for environmental degradation, customer safety and worker treatment, regulation can change entire industries.
The auto industry is a quintessential example. Today's advertisements focus on fuel efficiency and safety, and we take airbags and seat belts for granted, but cars were once death traps. Lincoln explains, “Their market research showed that adding seat belts didn't help and they're not seeing profit it is, they're not seeing dollar signs.” All of that began to change with Ralph Nader's famous "Unsafe at Any Speed." Customers didn't know that cars could be safer and more fuel-efficient until the government began enforcing the regulations. Henry Ford once said, “If I had asked people what they wanted, they would have said faster horses.”
Consumers are naturally conservative and they are heavily influenced by advertising. George McGovern, echoing the arguments of J. K. Galbraith, said that advertising can “brainwash the consumer” because “no one was ever born with the taste for huge automobiles.” Companies were stuck on producing slick fancy cars, not safe cars. Regulation upended the industry and entirely changed the way that customers and society viewed the car: not a luxury toy, but a utilitarian mode of transportation. This changed the way customers thought about safety and companies thought about advertising.
Advertisement:
The report shows how regulations we now take for granted -- catalytic converters, unleaded gasoline, fuel efficiency standards, worker safety protection, minimum wages, environmental protections -- were once denounced by industry shills as "job killing" or "economy strangling." Industry experts predicted that worker safety regulations would destroy jobs and tank industries. The day before the bills would pass they would shout Cassandra-like warnings and hold up Mayan calendars. But the next day the air was cleaner, workers were safer and the economy chugged along.
Even Tom Donohue, the President of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, is forced to concede, “I think we need a strong public sector. We have about a $1.7 trillion a year regulatory bill. Seventy-five, 80 percent of that is very useful. You've got to have air traffic control. You've got to have food safety.”
Today, the same absurd claims once raised about now banal regulations are being tossed about again. Already industry experts have predicted 12.9 million job losses from Dodd-Frank, the Affordable Care Act and Obama's GHG regulation proposals. Lincoln's goal is simple: “We are trying to lay down a record of what they're saying now, because they are going to be wrong again.”
Our chance to make sure crime doesn't pay
Posted
The Government's attempt to crack down on unexplained wealth should be welcomed as a step towards making Australia a bad place for criminals to do business, writes David Connery.
Federal Justice Minister Michael Keenan's first major sortie in their new portfolio deserves recognition. By introducing amendments to create an unexplained wealth law, he's acted decisively to give new tools to the courts and federal law enforcers to fight organised crime.
This new legislation will enhance the Commonwealth's power to confiscate money and property where a person can't show their wealth has been earned legitimately. The new measures will also make it harder for people to frustrate courts and circumvent confiscation orders.
The amendments will be especially useful in prosecuting criminals who direct crime, but are smart enough to distance themselves from an actual crime. One cheer for the Minister!
But there's a political edge to this move. Last year, the previous Australian Government asked COAG members to refer their powers to confiscate unexplained wealth to the Commonwealth. That suggestion was refused by the premiers, and a review team consisting of retired and highly-respected officials was commissioned to "break the deadlock" last June. Their findings aren't known yet.
In the meantime, Minister Keenan has put the Commonwealth's legislation on the table. So there's a spur to again ask the premiers to cooperate in a nationwide approach to unexplained wealth confiscation. And effective cooperation - which removes jurisdiction as a factor in prosecutions - is important because unexplained wealth proceedings are likely to involve people who have hidden money overseas and across many states.
Without this measure, prosecuting the most sophisticated and perhaps the wealthiest criminals will likely become mired in arguments over whose law has been broken.
Having all the states and territories refer their powers to confiscate unexplained wealth to the Commonwealth would be a smart path to take and would deliver real benefits.
But before that can occur, three main obstacles must be overcome.
In the first instance, the Commonwealth's new legislation will need to be seen as a good package by the states - one at least as good as they have already. That will be an individual judgment for each premier, because there are significant state-to-state differences in this type of legislation. There's also the challenge that the Commonwealth's new package hasn't been tested in the courts yet.
Secondly, there is a need to consider the rights of the states. This is important, and states should not give away their powers without there being a major benefit.
A referral of unexplained wealth to the Commonwealth would easily pass that hurdle. Like the referral concerning terrorism laws in 2002, unifying these powers within the Commonwealth would make it simpler to use the laws. It would create a nationally-consistent approach at the same time. It could also build on the recent anti-gangs squad innovation to further strengthen cooperation in the fight against organised crime.
Only criminals would lose here.
And thirdly, greater clarity is needed concerning the way confiscated wealth would be divided among governments under these new conditions. At present, all funds confiscated at the federal level go into a Commonwealth trust account that can be used for law enforcement, drug treatment and crime prevention programs.
The fund also has an "equitable sharing provision" to defray the costs of states who cooperate in actions, but all payments are at the Commonwealth minister's discretion. Agreeing to a clearer way to share this money would surely help to achieve a referral of powers. Regrettably, the first reading of the new amendments hasn't addressed this fund or its operation.
Despite these challenges, Minister Keenan deserves a second cheer for introducing this legislation now.
They will earn a third cheer when they move further. Firstly, he'll need to create better enabling conditions for law enforcement agencies so they can use the legislation. Unexplained wealth actions are complex and often lengthy processes. Quick returns are unlikely, and agencies can be tempted to go for low-hanging fruit instead of the most important cases.
To encourage the law enforcement agencies to take risks on harder but bigger cases, a "fighting fund" could be created to pay for cases that chase the assets held by the cleverest criminals.
And more broadly, the Minister should continue the Government's efforts to make Australia a bad place for criminals to do business. The Australian Crime Commission continues to stress that professional facilitators - usually inadvertently - help criminals to launder the proceeds of crime.
One way to make it harder for criminals to get such advice and support is to extend "know your customer" regulations to lawyers, real estate agents and accountants. This provision is a key part of the anti-money laundering regime, and is incumbent upon all banks at present: that's why you need to do a "100-point check" to open an account.
By extending this obligation, those professionals will need to be fully aware of who they are dealing with. Should that professional be helping criminals to launder illegitimate funds, it's then possible that they or they will be clearly complicit in their crimes.
While this won't necessarily prevent crime, it will be another way that the Australian Government can show that it's open for legitimate business, and a bad place to be a criminal.
Dr David Connery is a senior analyst with the Australian Strategic Policy Institute in Canberra. View their full profile here.
Topics: law-crime-and-justice, government-and-politics, crime-prevention
Yesterday, the ACLU filed a lawsuit after the State Department failed to respond to Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) request seeking the declassification of 23 State Department cables disclosed by WikiLeaks and widely disseminated online and in the press. The cables we seek reveal the diplomatic cost of policies that the Bush and Obama administrations have tried to keep secret from the American public.
Several of the cables describe high-level efforts by the government to pressure Spain and Germany into dropping investigations of the CIA's torture of detainees. The cables show that the U.S. expended significant diplomatic resources in order to try and guarantee impunity for officials responsible for the abduction and torture of victims including Khaled El-Masri, an entirely innocent German citizen. At home, the Bush and Obama administrations have invoked legal fictions such as the "state secrets" privilege to prevent U.S. courts from addressing cases of innocent people tortured and rendered by the CIA; these cables reveal the secret ways in which the government worked to defeat accountability abroad. We believe the American people have a right to know about the government's efforts to shield from liability those officials who violated domestic and international law by engaging in abduction, rendition, and torture.
Other cables requested by the ACLU reveal the government's paradoxical efforts to coordinate the resettlement or prosecution of Guantánamo detainees in foreign countries, even as the United States refused to resettle or prosecute those same detainees in the U.S. Still other cables describe the strains on our relationships with other countries caused by U.S. rendition flights and drone strikes. This information should never have been secret in the first place. Its continued classification illustrates how the government all too often uses secrecy not to enhance national security, but to hide embarrassing and difficult facts from the public.
In spite of the cables' widespread availability, the government has continued to maintain that documents released by WikiLeaks and published by national and international newspapers are classified. The government's decision to cling to a legal fiction rather than conform its secrecy regime to reality has led to absurd consequences. Congressional Research Service (CRS) analysts are blocked by the Library of Congress from using these widely available documents, even as Congress relies on CRS reports to inform new legislation. The Air Force blocked the entire websites of the New York Times and other major media outlets that posted the leaked cables. Perhaps the most troubling consequence of the government's adamant refusal to incorporate common sense into its secrecy regime is that lawyers for Guantánamo detainees have been barred from reading or discussing leaked documents concerning their clients, even though these documents are posted on the websites of major national and international newspapers and available to anyone in the world. The government has gone so far as to claim it is unable to comply with a court order that it provide guidance to lawyers representing Guantánamo detainees regarding how the lawyers may use those documents that are already publicly available.
The ACLU's lawsuit comes on the anniversary of another famous leak. On Monday, June 13, 2011, the United States will release the declassified Pentagon Papers — 40 years after they were first leaked. The fact that for 40 years after their original release the government maintained the pretense that release of the Pentagon Papers would cause damage to U.S. national security shows just how divorced from reality the U.S. approach to secrecy has become. Americans should not have to wait 40 more years for the government to declassify vital information that the whole world is already discussing.
Learn more about government secrecy: Sign up for breaking news alerts, follow us on Twitter, and like us on Facebook.
Taxpayers could save more than $2 million a year if it weren't for a group of breakaway Democrats who need their own support staff in the state Senate, critics say.
The Independent Democratic Conference, who vote with Republicans, pay some 40 staffers about $2.2 million a year, Senate payroll records show.
“The bottom line is that money is going to a conference that doesn't need to exist,” one critic told The Post.
If the group simply called themselves Republicans, those staffers would not be needed and taxpayers would reap the savings, the source said.
“The ‘C' in IDC must stand for cash,” said Doug Kellogg, of the government reform group Reclaim New York.
Members of the IDC and GOP insist the money comes from the Senate's overall budget and would be added to one of the two other parties' spending pots if the IDC didn't spend it.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Evan Dozier told the BBC they and their family "were in the fifth row from the shooter"
At least 12 people have been killed and 59 wounded in a shooting at a midnight cinema showing of the new Batman film near Denver, Colorado.
Witnesses said a man wearing a gas mask opened fire after tossing a tear gas canister in the auditorium as movie-goers watched The Dark Knight Rises.
A 24-year-old former neuroscience student was arrested in a car park outside the theatre in Aurora city.
They were armed with a rifle, a shotgun and two pistols, said officials.
Police revised down the death toll from 14 earlier. They said 71 people, including the deceased, had been shot in the incident at the Century 16 multiplex cinema.
Booby-trapped home
FBI sources named the gunman as Aurora resident James Holmes, a white American. They said no terrorism link had been established.
Cinema shooting suspect James Holmes, 24, was a former neuroscience PhD student at University of Colorado-Denver
Attended high school in San Diego, California, where their parents still reside
They lived in an apartment in north of Aurora, about five miles from the cinema
Only previous brush with the law was a summons for speeding in October 2011
Police said they had been in the process of withdrawing from their PhD studies at the University of Colorado-Denver.
In a written statement, the Holmes family in San Diego said they were co-operating with police in San Diego and Aurora, and asked for the media to respect their privacy.
"Our hearts go out to those who were involved in this tragedy and to the families and friends of those involved."
US President Barack Obama cut short a campaign trip to Florida and returned to the White House to address the situation.
Acting on information from the suspect, the authorities said they had discovered that their home in the north of Aurora has been booby-trapped. Incendiary devices with chemical elements and trip wires are in the property, police said.
The apartment complex and five buildings nearby were evacuated as FBI agents and police used a fire engine ladder to reach the property, and put a camera on the end of pole to look inside.
Police chief Dan Oates said the massacre was "a horrific event". "The shooting apparently went on for some time," they added.
Cinemas in New York tightened security at Batman showings following the attack, and the French premiere of the film in Paris was cancelled.
Witnesses said the gunman opened fire during an action scene in the summer blockbuster, at about 00:30 local time (06:30 GMT).
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption President Obama: "It is a day for reflection and prayer"
There was chaos as movie-goers, some dressed in costume as heroes and villains, fled.
Ten people were killed at the cinema and two others died later in hospital of their wounds.
Many ambulances attended the scene.
Scores of people, some in a critical condition, were taken to four hospitals.
The casualties included a four-month-old baby, who was released from hospital after treatment, and a six-year-old child.
The Pentagon said members of the military were among the casualties.
'Firing at random'
One witness said the gunman had been "slowly making their way up the stairs and just firing - picking random people".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Amateur video posted on YouTube is said to show the scene immediately after the shooting
Another witness, Chayyiel Jackson, told the BBC: "During the first action scene in the movie, on the right side a dude came in all blacked out, with a black mask. At first we thought it was part of the movie event.
"He threw tear gas across the crowd and after that people started to panic. They pulled out a rifle and started shooting.
"I was wondering if this was real life or a dream."
At least one person in an adjacent auditorium was injured when a bullet went through the wall, police said.
Another eyewitness, identified only as Pam, told the BBC: "He fired a canister into the air. It shot it right into the air, then I started to hear the bang, bang, bang of a gun.
"I crawled my way through the row. Luckily the exit was close to where I was sitting so I got out pretty fast. I heard more shots as I left."
Colorado gun laws Residents allowed to keep guns in homes, offices and vehicles, but can only carry them in public with a permit
There are no limits to how many guns can be bought a month, and the state permits sale of automatic weapons
No waiting period for buying a handgun, both state and federal state law requires criminal background checks
Since 1998 Columbine massacre, 20 miles from scene of Friday's shooting, it has become easier to buy guns in US - a national ban on assault weapons sale expired in 2004 Batman Paris premiere cancelled
Another eyewitness, Salina Jordan, 19, told the Denver Post they had seen one girl shot in the cheek, and a girl who appeared to be about nine years old with a gunshot wound to the stomach.
New York Police Commissioner Raymond Kelly - who previously worked with Aurora police chief Dan Oates and spoke with them on Friday - said in a news conference said the suspect "had their hair painted red" and claimed to be The Joker, a villain in the last Batman film.
Aurora officials declined to comment on Mr Kelly's statement.
A witness in the next-door theatre told 9News they initially thought live special effects had been laid on by the cinema after hearing loud bangs and seeing smoke.
President Obama told a sombre crowd in Florida: "Such violence, such evil, is senseless. But, while we will never know fully what causes somebody to take the live of another, we do know what makes life worth living.
"The people we lost in Aurora loved and they were loved."
By Harrison Crow (@harrison_crow)
The Red Bulls have consistently been a team stuck in disarray and chaos. They have a front office that has been raked over the coals time and again for choices that were just plain bewildering. Take all of that and couple it with a foreign ownership group/organization that seemingly feels detatched all the time. Yet there has probably been no better period in the Red Bulls 20-year history. With two Supporter Shields in three seasons and a team that position for position is ready to compete for another, things could get exciting, folks.
But let's not get ahead of ourselves...
2015 In Review
Obviously 2015 didn't exactly start out as planned. A riot nearly broke out at the town hall meeting focused hotly around the firing of head coach Mike Petke. They had been a rare example of legacy associated with a club consistently in search of an identity. They never cams across as a tactical genius but they dealt well with personalities and seemed to grasp how to mesh talent together and get results, a rare gift for a young coach in a market with high expectations and a history of disappointing results.
Ali Curtis and Jesse Marsch collectively turned the page on that successful Petke era and built a team around a new philosophy and tactics. These new methods accentuated their underrated players' talent.
They came out of the gates ballin', throwing up 13 points in 7 matches. They came back down to earth through the middle part of the season but ended strongly with 21 points in 10 matches and went into the playoffs the favorite with a 31% probability to win the MLS Cup.
They dispatched DC United easily in the Conference Semi-Finals but fell to Columbus Crew in the Eastern Conference in a disappointing end to a season that seemed destined to end their 19 year drought without an MLS Cup. That said, few could have predicted the extent of sustainable success built in 2015.
Goalkeeper and Defense
Looking at the 2015 version of Luis Robles, they were good. Maybe that's even underselling it a bit, but our expected goal numbers weren't favorable towards them and that's a bit of a... well, at least a yellow flag and enough for me to question their Goalkeeper of the Year award. But while they didn't have the counting numbers, you could point out their claim success on crosses was 100 percent and showed confidence in making clearances as attempts came into their box.
Robles' numbers last year don't point towards regression, positive or negative, in their performance for this coming season but I expect that he's going to see an increase in volume of shots taken at their goal. Matt Miazga being sold off is not just a bit disappointing from a fan perspective but their aerial prowess and all around skills made them a top-10 central defender on my list of centrebacks.
If it wasn't disconcerting enough that Miazga gone, Damien Perrinelle will start the season on the injured list. Ronald Zubar will step in their place as the Ghanian Gideon Baah will replace the shoes left behind by Maizga. The drop off is certain but the extent is unknown and considering that the defense stems as a whole team approach it might not be as dramatic as is thought by some.
Oh, and this is your “Kemar Lawrence is great... rah rah rah”, sentence. I'm not on the “bandwagon” per se but I see their value which according to Abed is “..the nicest thing anyone's ever said...” So there is that.
Midfield
Look, let me take a moment to call myself out on something. I am the most hyperbolic. I know it and I try to curtail that as best as I can. But I think I'm safe in saying that the New York Red Bulls has one of the top midfields in Major League Soccer. It's not on single player but the whole collection of individuals that makes this such a strong and formidable team.
Dax McCarty is so perpetually over-hyped and underrated to the point that I'm not sure that I've ever seen it. I mean, I've seen it with a ton of different individuals but I never knew what to call it until last year I called it the “McCarty rule”. This year they took it to a new level and instead of just being really good and underrated, under the new tactics and methods of Marsch they became a difference maker.
Sacha Kljestan and the story of expected assists is one that probably goes unnoticed by many. But the reality is that most, including myself, had little idea what MLS was getting last year when they made the deal with Montreal for the opportunity to sign him. But he's been incredible while most people turn their attention to Benny Feilhaber getting the USMNT shaft, it's arguable that Kljestan has probably done more.
blah blah blah regression, blah blah blah Mike Grella. The end.
*Does a quick look up of Mike Grella in the dictionary* See also: Lamar Neagle... “What the ...?!”
“Hey, Mike Grella ... Dominic Oduro just called <finish joke here>...”
Hahahaha... okay, okay, okay I got this one last one.
*Ring* *Ring* *Ring* “Is this Mike Grella?” “No, this is Gyasi Zardes”
Do you get what I'm going for here? Grella for their price tag is great, but I wouldn't expect them to continue to score at the rate that they did last year or the creation the same goals.
Lloyd Sam is a great creator and someone that works extremely well with Bradley Wright-Phillips up top. I imagine he's going to be in the top-20 for the league with creation numbers again. But I've had some sources tell me he's been shopped around and I'm not certain that he'll be with the club the whole season. The real question is whether or not Gonzalo Verón can step into their place should that be the case and if I was a Red Bull fan, that would worry me.
Lastly, I just talk to you about how happy I am that Felipe Martins finally has a home and is appreciated. It's like seeing a friend that for years dated the same type of girl that, every time, you found annoying. But wait... finally, they find themselves with that one girl they dated their first year in college but the timing just was never right. Now the timing is right and they need to put a ring on it. That's Felipe and that's Marsch. Felipe and Jesse should get married.
As for the rest of the... rest, here are the obligatory mentions for Shaun Wright-Phillips and Verón. Both of which are talented wingers and will most certainly impact the club in some way. The question really is in what way.
Verón hasn't made their way into the first team. I don't know if that was in the 300 page plan or not but it seems odd given the investment. He's still only 26 and with a full season ahead of them after integrating with the club they could take a step forward.
SWP on the other hand has seen many minutes in their day and is reaching an age that it's fair to question what degree of impact he's going to have over a full season with all the strain the travel will put on their body. But... they should be in position to put forth big minute numbers and I can't think of many MLS teams that would mind having them come off the bench.
Forwards
Getting to the guys who put the ball in the back of the net, I don't have a lot of words to relate or express how I feel towards Bradley Wright-Phillips. But there are some numbers so, let's try to use those.
Over the last two seasons, BWP has managed to accumulate over 20 expected goals and ranked seventh in unassisted shot percentage for those with over ten goals. They take a ton of shots and probably never met one that they didn't like, but the high volume in which it's provided to them from just about every angel of the midfield means that he's going to create a lot of chances for goals.
So... yeah, he's like... yeah, he's like good.
Here is where I steal a page from someone else's playbook. Anatole Abang could be an immense talent, and he's a top-20 duel winner for those at forward on per 90 ratios. He's a physical beast with strength, hops and at least average speed. He's all of twenty years old with decent technical ability that has plenty of helium in him.
Coach
Jesse Marsch came in and instituted a brand-new system in under six months. Which, given the fact they got to the playoffs even in a weaker conference, is pretty remarkable. Add to it that they won the Supporter's Shield and nearly reached a second ever MLS Cup berth in the club's twenty year history. These things are kind of tough to have done in the first year because it makes the following years all the more difficult and builds unrealistic expectations among the supporters.
I'm not going to say that Marsch can't reach the next stage of accomplishments, I think it's well within their wheelhouse, it's just a matter of appreciating this magnificent thing that has happened unexpectedly.
The emergence of American coaches like Petke, Ben Olsen, Jason Kreis, Caleb Porter, Jay Heaps and Peter Vermes have been fun and showed a lot of promise for the future of US coaching. Marsch has been marching up to join those ranks.
It's premature to talk about any US National team opportunity but they fit the mold behind what many pundits look for in a coach. Someone that is willing to adapt, play an upbeat style, unafraid to take chances and understanding how to get the most out of a player. There is also the fact that they play individuals where their attributes and traits are best put in a place to succeed... which is kind of more than what you can say about the man who presently holds the position.
2016 Projections
It's really hard to believe that they don't qualify for the Playoffs. The Eastern Conference is really weak and with this New York club that has such strong roster from top to bottom--it would be shocking at bare minimum.
CONCACAF Champions League will hit Harrison, NJ this August and while all the MLS teams are eliminated from the 2015 tournament it should be exciting to see how Marsch does against international competition with this squad in 2016.
There is no reason to see A) this team fail to make the playoffs and B) not win their CCL group. Outside of that, another shield, USOC win or the MLS Cup is gravy. They have the depth and talent to take any or, maybe unreasonably, all of the “big three” trophies.
Liberal and Labor state Attorneys-General have banded together to warn federal counterpart George Brandis that a "crisis" in legal assistance funding will hurt the most vulnerable members of the community, and that further cuts to legal services are "short-sighted and ill-conceived".
In a blistering letter sent to Senator Brandis on Thursday and signed by the first law officers of all states and territories, the Attorneys-General state that women and children who are victims of domestic violence and Indigenous Australians are among those who will be most affected by cuts to legal funding.
State and territory Attorneys-General have written to Senator George Brandis over a funding crisis for legal assistance. Credit:Andrew Meares
"The crisis in legal assistance funding has reached such a level that we, the undersigned Attorneys-General, need to take this step to urge you to reconsider current proposals for the new national funding agreement," the letter states.
"We are united in our concern about proposed cuts in funding to Legal Aid Commissions, Community Legal Centres, the Aboriginal Legal Services as well as a range of changes to administrative arrangements.
This article is over 3 years old
Azamat Tazhayakov was convicted of conspiracy and obstruction of justice for removing Tsarnaev's backpack from their dorm room
Friend of Boston Marathon bomber gets more than three years in prison
A college friend of marathon bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was sentenced Friday to three and a half years in prison after they tearfully apologized to the residents of Boston for impeding the investigation into the 2013 attack while authorities frantically searched for the suspects.
Azamat Tazhayakov was convicted of conspiracy and obstruction of justice for removing Tsarnaev's backpack from their dorm room at the University of Massachusetts-Dartmouth with another friend. The backpack contained fireworks that had been emptied of their explosive powder.
“There is no question that this was a very serious offense – the failure to act properly when confronted with the devastating event,” judge Douglas Woodlock said.
Tazhayakov denounced Tsarnaev's actions Friday before they were sentenced, saying the decision to bomb the marathon made them sick. Tazhayakov's father wept in the courtroom as their son apologized for what they had done.
Prosecutors had recommended a four-year sentence for Tazhayakov. Their lawyer asked the judge to sentence them to time served for the 26 months he's already spent in custody.
Another college friend of Tsarnaev's is due to be sentenced Friday afternoon.
Robel Phillipos was convicted of lying to the FBI days after the bombings. Former Massachusetts governor Michael Dukakis, a friend of Phillipos's family, wrote a letter of support for them and even testified during their trial.
In the letter to the judge, Dukakis wrote that they “can't understand why justice would be served by incarcerating him”.
Prosecutors said Friday that they are seeking a sentence of a little over five years for Phillipos.
A third friend of Tsarnaev's was sentenced Tuesday to six years in prison for not calling police when they recognized photos of Tsarnaev as a suspect.
Dias Kadyrbayev pleaded guilty last year to obstruction of justice and conspiracy charges for removing items from Tsarnaev's dorm room after recognizing their friend in photos released by the FBI days after the bombing.
Three people were killed and more than 260 were injured in the 2013 bombing. Tsarnaev, 21, has been condemned to death by a federal jury and is awaiting formal sentencing 24 June.
Prosecutors say there is no evidence any of the friends knew of plans by Tsarnaev and their older brother to bomb the marathon. Tamerlan Tsarnaev, 26, died after a shootout with police days after the bombings.
JAKARTA/KUALA LUMPUR (Reuters) - Indonesian Gina Puspita traded a career in aircraft engineering for a mission to preach Islam and help young women build happy marriages through good sex.
The French-educated mother of three hosts religious programs through the Obedient Wives Club which is based on the belief that a fulfilling sex life is the cure for “Western-style” social problems such as divorce and abuse.
“Wives must obey the husbands in all aspect of life, such as serving food and drinks, giving calm and support for the husband, as well as in sex relations,” Pusipita, who shares their spouse with three other women, told Reuters.
A Muslim group which espouses good sex as a foundation for healthy marriages and a strong society, the Obedient Wives Club is gaining converts in the world's most populous Muslim country after setting up in Jordan, Malaysia, Thailand and Singapore.
Founded by Global Ikhwan, a Malaysian firm involved in businesses ranging from laundromats to pharmacies, the club was initially intended to help the company's female staff to be good wives as well as productive employees.
Global Ikhwan's officials have been linked to the now-defunct Malaysia-based Al-Arqam religious sect which was banned by the government in 1994. Before the Obedient Wives Club, Global Ikhwan had earlier established the Polygamy Club which encourages polygamy among Muslims.
The Obedient Wives Club is open to women of all faiths but says its teachings are based on the edicts of Islam which require wives to submit to their husbands and meet their needs.
“When men cannot get satisfaction at home, they will seek it elsewhere,” said Nurul, an Obedient Wives Club spokesperson.
“When your wife is cool toward you because your wife is busy and has no time to attend to you whereas you need it that day, what are you going to do?”
“POISONOUS ASSUMPTION”
Some analysts worry the club reflects growing Islamic radicalization among the mostly moderate Muslim communities in Southeast Asian countries, where some Islamist groups are pushing for the implementation of sharia law.
The club argues that sexually fulfilled men are less likely to stray, which would curb the rise in breakdown in marriages.
Muslim couples divorce every 15 minutes in Malaysia and the divorce rate among Muslims in the Southeast Asian country are now at an all-time high, according to the Islamic Development Department.
The club has a membership of 300 and growing in Indonesia and says it has drawn a positive response from men, but some sociologists and rights groups describe it as a worrying trend which demeans women. “This is a phenomenon that depicts the strengthening of radical groups in Indonesia and this is endangering the youth because it is based on an assumption that woman is not human, this is really poisonous,” said Siti Musdah Mulia, an Islamic scholar from the Indonesian Conference on Religion and Peace.
A recent survey by Germany's Goethe Institut, which polled about 2,500 Indonesian and Malaysian Muslims, found that 38 percent of Indonesians feel that a woman must wear a headscarf, a lower figure than 69 percent in Malaysia, while about 86.5 percent rejected polygamy in Indonesia compared to Malaysia's 72.7 percent. About 98 percent of youths in both countries rejected the idea of pre-marital sex.
“While the Obedient Wives Club has its opinions it does not reflect the view of society in Malaysia and Indonesia and maybe just reflects 0.01 percent of opinions in the societies in both countries,” said Shaharuddin Badaruddin, a political and social analyst at Malaysia's Universiti Teknologi Mara.
In the marathon origin story, Pheidippides runs from Marathon to Athens to deliver a message of victory and then promptly dies. We've come a long way since 490 BC, and today most people run marathons to compete, challenge themselves physically or raise money for charity — and they rarely kick the bucket at the end. But they're sometimes in a world of hurt, because running 26.2 miles is a feat, and doing it can be taxing on the body.
But with the right training anyone can do it. Looking to join the club? We've got some tips, tricks and advice from experts to get you most of the way there. You've still got to run the damn thing.
Setting Goals, Hatching a Plan
Aside from forward motion, the most important piece of the marathon training puzzle is outlining goals and hatching a plan. For starters, sign up for a race five or six months down the road, a year if you're a total stranger to running. Now you've got a deadline. It's real. Nobody trains for a theoretical race, and knowing you'll have to lace up on a specific date is good motivation for getting up early or swapping drinks at the bar for an after-work run. The next step is to choose a plan; rather than reinvent the wheel we suggest checking out the plans at Runner's World, Hal Higdon, the Boston Athletic Association or Ben Greenfield's Marathon Dominator.
MATT FITZGERALD ON PLANNING “Don't put too much emphasis on long runs. The total amount of running you do each week is more important than the length of your longest run. You'll be better off if your hardest week of training includes 45 miles of total running and a long run of 17 miles than you will if it includes 39 miles and a long run of 20 miles.” mattfitzgerald.org
“Training for a marathon without a plan is like driving cross-country without a map or navigation”, Matt Fitzgerald, author of The New Rules of Marathon and Half-Marathon Training, says. “The best marathon plans are those that are devised for recreational runners by coaches who also train professional runners, such as the plans in the book Hansons Marathon Method.”
If you're looking for more hands-on coaching, local running clubs usually have coaches that can help draft a plan. The one important concept to understand and embrace is periodization, which is the sequencing of workouts of varying volume and intensity, culminating in your final event. All good plans should incorporate it, and the alternative — just gradually building distance — is less effective.
Injury Prevention
Running has always caused injuries, and even if minimalist shoes can encourage a more natural stride with less pounding on the heels, this won't change. Common running injuries are of the chronic, repetitive variety (rather than acute) and involve the lower extremities: plantar fasciitis, achilles tendonitis, stress fractures, patellofemoral pain and iliotibial band syndrome (we've covered them in the Road to Ironman). But that doesn't mean that injury is inevitable.
JOE ARENCIBIA ON TRAINING HACKS “If anything, I'm a preacher of the anti-hack. The little tricks and tips sometimes can produce a marginal benefit. But more often than not, I see runners that take those things too far or treat them as replacements for the methodical build-up that is marathon training. If anything, I'd recommend learning to recover better. Your body makes training adaptations to run longer and faster. But those adaptations occur during recovery, not during running. So if you want to adapt faster, then recover better. Go easy on your easy days, get a full night's sleep and eat balanced meals — those are the best ways to help your body adapt faster.” newyorkharriers.com
“In general terms, the root cause of many of these problems is overuse and poor strength”, Joe Arencibia, RRCA Certified Coach of the New York Harriers, says. “Overuse can usually be prevented by building up your training at a smart rate. The latter is managed with good cross-training. (That said, everyone's body is different. You could also have some old injuries or unique conditions that make injury more likely.) The other thing I recommend is to rotate through two or three different kinds of running shoes regularly. I believe it keeps your body from relying too much on the specific geometry of one shoe and forces you to better train your body's natural stabilizing mechanisms.”
In our experience, a contributing factor to injury is, if not laziness, failing to properly support running with other fitness and lifestyle decisions. Stretching after every run is essential. Cross-training and a regular yoga routine can build muscle to support correct posture over long miles and increase your awareness of pain and where it's coming from. The challenge with all of this is that it increases training time — but if you're going to commit half a year or more for a single race, better to be strong and healthy than limp through it.
Nutrition
Most of the conventional wisdom about nutrition is wrong. Well, not exactly; if conventional wisdom is to eat healthy, nutrient-dense foods, then it's spot on. But eating big bowls of pasta before a race and drinking sugary sports drinks is certainly dated. Instead, more athletes are focusing on eating whole foods and bringing the wisdom from their daily diet into race day, rather than switching to supplements, which will certainly get you through the race but may not be great for your body in the long run.
BEN GREENFIELD'S RACE-DAY NUTRITION Ingredients:
1 serving SuperStarch for each hour
10 amino acid capsules for each hour
1 tablespoon coconut oil per hour
1 bottle of X2 Performance for every 2 to 3 hours Preparation
Top off with water, blend and bottle. Alternatively, Greenfield suggests making a slurry of chia seeds, water, and lemon or Stevia for flavor. bengreenfieldfitness.com
“The most important thing is that you figure out how to fuel your body with the thousands of calories you're going to use for training without actually destroying your gut or your metabolism”, says author, nutritionist and personal trainer Ben Greenfield. “For that it comes down to choosing foods that are nutrient-dense and calorie-dense.” They suggest foods like eggs, grass-fed beef, wild-caught fish, bone broth, shellfish, coconut milk and avocados.
During the marathon or a long training run, you'll want to fuel on more than water. One option is to rely on nutritional supplements, of which there are many, from energy gels that give you a quick boost of carbs to more complex formulas that also include protein, electrolytes and amino acids. Greenfield suggests avoiding most of the products marketed to long-distance athletes and instead teaching the body to tap into fat stores. “You've got 1,500 to 2,000 calories of storage carbohydrates,” they say.
“Even the leanest athlete on the planet has 30,000-40,000 calories of storage fat. The way you train your body to tap into that fat is (1) avoid eating tons of sugars apart from your training, (2) train your body not to be snacking constantly, (I eat three meals per day) and schedule 12 hours of not eating per day (e.g., 8 p.m. to 8 a.m.), and (3) at least one or two times I'll go out and do a workout in a fasted state to train my body how to tap into its own fat for fuel.”
Which Race?
Choosing the right race really comes down to personal preference, but it's worth noting that in a long distance race like a marathon little things tend to add up over time. A flat race like the Chicago marathon will be significantly easier than the Pikes Peak marathon, which has nearly 8,000 feet of elevation gain. Needless to say, first timers should probably opt for a flat course.
“I tend to like really big marathons and really small marathons”, Greg McMillan, of McMillan Running, says. “The big ones are a spectacle and must be enjoyed at some point in your running career. But, big ones are, well, big, so there can be more stress before, during and after the race. Heck, just lining up can be a nightmare when 40,000 people are trying to all cue up! Small ones avoid this and offer much more ease lining up and at the finish area. Of course, there are fewer people to run with along the course, but it's always fun to experience both ends of the marathon spectrum.”
McMillan suggests Boston for big city marathons and Avenue of the Giants or a trail marathon like Lithia Loop for smaller marathons.
Gear
The great thing about running is that you need barely more than the shoes on your feet to get started. Of course, there are plenty of additions to your running kit and amenities to make the experience more pleasant. At a minimum, we suggest a good pair of running shoes, shorts and a shirt that wick moisture and dry quickly, sunglasses to shield your eyes from weather and debris, a hydration pack for long runs and BodyGlide to prevent chafing. Check out our running section for gear-related updates.
A Few Rules
Getting out of bed for a run at 5 a.m. gets easier the more you do it. Just kidding. But coffee helps.
You're going to feel bad all day if you don't get up for that run. You'll feel like a champ if you do.
Compression gear is a great recovery tool. That doesn't mean you should wear it to gear expo the day before the race.
Your gastrointestinal issues and bowel movements will become increasingly interesting to you the more you train. Resist the urge to tell your friends.
Join a running club. You're going to see less of your friends, especially when you start talking about your GI issues.
GU may be portable, but it's no substitute for lunch on a work day.
The lanky guy who shows up to the race wearing old tennis shoes, a long beard and very short shorts is probably going to beat you.
Hey, running shorts are meant to be short.
Once in a while, run without a watch, on a new trail, with no plans for the afternoon.
You just ran 26.2 miles. Not many people can do that. Go out and get a beer. Get us one, too, Mr. I'm So Fit.
Union attacks CBA bonus 'double standard'
Updated
The Finance Sector Union (FSU) has attacked bonus payments made to Commonwealth Bank senior executives despite their failure to meet certain performance targets.
Executives failed to meet targets for customer satisfaction, but the bank's board exercised its discretion to award $8.5 million in bonuses linked to the measure, the union says.
CBA chairperson David Turner told shareholders at the bank's annual general meeting in Brisbane yesterday that the bonuses were paid because the satisfaction result was an anomaly.
But FSU national secretary Leon Carter says it is a "double standard", as the bank's lower-paid workers are not excused from meeting their performance targets.
"If they don't make that target, they are put on performance counselling and often they're told to leave the bank," Mr Carter said.
"So we cannot in any way understand how that same organisation can say to their senior executives 'you haven't met your target, but you know what, it doesn't matter'."
Last November the bank decided to hike interest rates by nearly double the Reserve Bank's 25-basis-point rise in the official cash rate.
Topics: banking, company-news, corporate-governance, australia
First posted
In the Myers-Briggs family of personality types, INFJs and INFPs are like siblings. Both personalities are highly emotionally intelligent, and it seems they were put on this planet for the same purpose: to help everyone else understand the human condition in a profound way. These two rare types are so similar that it can be hard to tell the difference between them. Many INFJs mistype as INFPs, and vice versa.
At first glance, it looks like the INFJ and INFP have everything in common except the last letter of their four-letter type name. But really, these types are like opposite sides of the same coin. One of their biggest differences is how they make decisions.
Similar letters, but opposite functions.
These two personalities don't share any of the same functions, explains INFJ blogger Megan Malone in their post, Type Analysis: INFJ or INFP?
“Functions,” in Myers-Briggs speak, are the preferred ways of thinking a given personality type uses to gather information from the outside world and make decisions.
The INFJ's functions, in order of most dominant to least dominant, are:
INFPs use:
These two types are similar in many ways because they're both introverts who use feeling and intuition as their top two functions.
Their differences come down to the order and the direction of their functions — the INFJ's intuition is introverted and feeling is extroverted, while the INFP's intuition is extroverted and feeling is introverted.
Both types look inward to make decisions.
Because they're both introverts, INFJs and INFPs look inward to make decisions, but they look at different things.
INFJs make decisions by waiting for introverted intuition to make things clear by providing them with sudden “aha!” moments, explains personality profiler Antonia Dodge, co-owner of Personality Hacker, in their post INFP vs INFJ: 5 Surprising Differences to Tell Them Apart.
INFPs make decisions by checking their “emotional temperature.”
They use different functions in the decision-making process.
Introverted intuition, the INFJ's dominant function, is a learning process that works by watching one's own mind form patterns.
After years of use, introverted intuition sees the “pattern of patterns,” so to speak, and INFJs understand that what is happening inside them cognitively is also happening for other people.
The INFP's go-to function is introverted feeling, which works by being deeply in touch with how events emotionally impact the INFP.
Both can struggle to make decisions, but for different reasons.
The INFJ's introverted intuition is a perceiving process, which means it's a function that gathers information. Decisions are made using a judging process — either a feeling or thinking function.
So, INFJs must use their second function, extroverted feeling, to make decisions. Using a secondary function is not as easy as using a dominant function, so INFJs may struggle with indecisiveness if they haven't developed extroverted feeling well enough.
INFPs want every decision they make to align with their personal values and identity. A decision as simple as what to order at a restaurant can become a frustration if, say, their relationship with food has become a part of how they define themselves, explains Dodge.
It can be grueling for INFPs to be pressured to make a quick decision, because they haven't had time to evaluate how the situation fits with their values.
It's only through checking their own visceral emotional reaction that INFPs know how a decision aligns with them, so usually they don't know if a decision is right for them or not until after they've made it.
However, each decision and its emotional impact is catalogued in the INFP's mind, and little by little, decisions get easier and faster.
Because INFJs are more removed from their decision-making process, they don't struggle as much with day-to-day decisions, because not every decision is a reflection of their identity.
Thanks to introverted intuition, INFJs can see problems from many different perspectives. Being able to see too many sides of an issue, however, can make it difficult for INFJs to make a final call.
Further complicating the INFJ's decision-making process are the feelings of other people involved in the situation. INFJs take other people's emotions into account just as much as — and sometimes more than — their own emotions. INFJs strive to make decisions that are win-win not only for themselves, but also for any other people involved (although this isn't always realistically possible).
As always with personality psychology, keep in mind that your own experiences, circumstances, and willpower shape who you are, and no two INFJs or INFPs will be exactly alike.
Image credit: Deviant Art (la-child)
Did you enjoy this article? Sign up for our newsletters to get more stories like this.
Read this: 21 Undeniable Signs That You're an Introvert
Haroon Lorgat: "For the people of both our countries there is no greater duty than to uphold the ideals of both Mahatma Gandhi and Nelson Mandela" © Associated Press
All future bilateral series between India and South Africa, including South Africa's forthcoming tour of India, will be called the Mahatma Gandhi-Nelson Mandela series, the two boards have announced. The Test series, the BCCI and Cricket South Africa said, will be played for the Freedom Trophy.
"BCCI, on behalf of every citizen of our country, is able to pay tribute to these great leaders by naming the series after them, and appeals to each and every citizen of our country to imbibe their ideals and follow the path advised by them," BCCI secretary Anurag Thakur said in a statement.
CSA chief executive, Haroon Lorgat, said that naming the series after Gandhi and Mandela was "eternal news for our people and cricketers". "For the people of both our countries there is no greater duty than to uphold the ideals of both Mahatma Gandhi and Nelson Mandela," they said. "As cricket-loving people we must fight hard to win on the field of play but never forget to do battle in the spirit of these two great men."
Gandhi was the leader of India's non-violent freedom struggle, and had a South African connection as well, having practised law in the country. Mandela spearheaded the anti-apartheid movement in South Africa, and was the country's president from 1994 to 1999. The announcement is significant in the context of ICC chief executive David Richardson's recent concerns over the relevance of bilateral series that don't have an "iconic, traditional status".
India will host South Africa for three T20Is, five ODIs and four Test matches between October and December this year.
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
On September 8th, my son was born. Being my second child, I was far less... let's call it "completely freaked out and scared that everything was going to go wrong and I was going to accidentally kill my baby." I wasn't exactly "super chill" about the event, but far more so than with my first child.
Relaxed enough that, as I held the little guy in my arms that night – mom sound asleep – my mind filled with thoughts of the future. Of the world that I leave to both them and their big sister.
Most days I find myself focused on immediate and practical matters. Making sure there is a roof over their heads, food in their bellies and knowledge in their brains. But, on that night, my mind found its way to a far more philosophical place.
Not so much, "how do I prepare this child for the world that exists?" as "what do I want the world to be like for him?"
A little digression…
Over the years, I've had countless debates – with some of the greatest minds in the Free and Open Source Software world – about how to practically achieve a higher level of Open Source within a world that is so often… closed and proprietary. How do we encourage companies to add a little Open Source here and there? How do we find mechanisms to fund small amounts of Free Software in an otherwise largely closed source ecosystem?
These have been the questions that I've asked. This has been much of my focus.
And, almost without fail, the great proponents of Free Software have dug in their heels when I present such questions. "No," they say! "There is simply no room for half measures and compromises! The source code is either Free and Open or it is unethical and cannot be tolerated!"
To which, again almost without fail, I become indignant and declare that stance to be far too hardcore and extremist to be practical.
These conversations (and, in some cases, heated arguments) have been interesting. But, in the end, I remained staunchly set in the "let's find a practical solution to have a little more Free Software" mind-set. And the Free Software Extremists remained… extreme. Unmovable. I think both sides found that rather frustrating.
Ok. Back to the night they were born…
As I held him, I found myself thinking back on my own struggles in making my own source code… Free. Thinking on a world divided between freedom and restriction. Between openness of technology and a world of litigiously enforced software patents. Between total control over your personal data… and a complete lack of personal privacy.
That core struggle – between Free and Not Free – is a purely artificial one. It is a struggle that we, as humans, created for ourselves.
Source code is inherently "open"... until you close it.
Your personal information is inherently your own… until you grant others the right to take it away from you.
We are free. Until someone comes along and takes that freedom away. Or, perhaps even worse, we give it away. Willingly. In exchange for a shiny new app for our shiny new smartphone – or the illusion that we must give up that freedom for the sake of our current economic system and security.
It was at that moment, as I looked down at my sleeping son's face, that I realized something about myself.
In my mind there was no longer any excuse to keep things closed. To keep things locked down. To give away rights to our personal data. Not even a little bit. I simply would not allow a world that would treat my son and daughter in such a despicable, horrible way. A world that would force them to either give up their freedom or fight, tooth and nail, to try to reclaim freedoms that they should never have lost in the first place.
I had, somewhere along the line, become a Free Software extremist. Just like all those extremists that I'd spent so many years arguing and debating with. It just took two kids to get me there.
The fear of terrorism will continue driving tourists away from destinations hit by terrorist attacks, according to data from Forward Keys which provides flight reservation statistics.
Read more
"Travelers create a situation when they decide to visit alternative destinations,” said Olivier Jager from Forward Keys talking on the BBC. "Operators and airlines decide to use their aircraft for other routes that allow them to fill their planes,” they added.
The research shows Turkey is having the hardest time attracting visitors. Bookings were down 15 percent between August 2015 and July 2016 compared a year earlier due to a series of terror attacks and July's failed coup.
According to Forward Keys, bookings for the last four months of this year are expected to be down 52 percent compared with the same period in 2015.
Terrorist attacks are also taking their toll on the world's top tourist destination France, the company said. It forecasts bookings will fall by nearly 20 percent from September to December. It added the number of terror attacks in the country, which started with the Charlie Hebdo shooting, led to a decreasing trend in international arrivals there. The Paris shootings have worsened the situation.
France has suffered an accumulated year-on-year decrease in tourism of 5.4 percent between August 2015 and July 2016, says Forward Keys. Paris has suffered the worst decline, down 7.5 percent over the same period.
The research suggests Spain, Portugal and Italy are the favored substitute destinations in southern Europe. The data showed that during the first seven months of this year, the available flight seats to Spain from the UK increased by almost twenty percent compared with the same period a year earlier. Travel to Portugal increased by 12 percent.
European tourism plunges after Brussels and Paris terror attacks https://t.co/nqi75i3Fippic.twitter.com/2y4EU4E5lu — RT (@RT_com) March 30, 2016
Data from Forward Keys suggests popular Tunisia, which has also been hit by a series of terror attacks, is starting to recover. International arrivals for the coming quarter are up by 13 percent compared with the equivalent period last year. The country saw an almost 40 percent drop between August 2014 and July 2015.
According to the Tunisian Tourist Board there has been an increase in the number of visitors from Algeria and Russia.
The number of Russian tourists visiting Tunisia has more than doubled, at 131,434 between July 2014 and July 2016. Tourism from Algeria has tripled from 65,000 visitors in 2014 to 194,370 over the same period.
David Duke, who is running for the U.S. Senate, lost their campaign coordinator Monday over a disagreement about how the former Ku Klux Klan leader should present themselves to the public.
“My basic strategy was to show a different side of the man and present a real person, thus hoping their message would be more effective and debunking the image that the media had taken of him,” said Mike Lawrence in an interview with The Advocate.
Lawrence was hoping to engineer a political comeback for Duke, whose career height was in the early 1990s with credible runner-up showings in races for the U.S. Senate and Louisiana governor. Subsequent bids for Congress and for president failed to bring in anywhere near the 671,009 votes they received in 1991. They pleaded guilty in December 2002 to felony tax fraud and served time in a federal prison.
Lawrence said they wanted Duke to play down their past as a leader in the Knights of the Ku Klux Klan, even to the point making light of it. But Duke was unwilling to do so, they said.
When qualifying in July to join the field of two dozen candidates for one of Louisiana's U.S. Senate seats, with Lawrence at their side, Duke criticized the media for constantly referring to them as a former Klan leader. The 66-year-old Duke argued that they held the position for five or six years when they were in their 20s.
The Mandeville Republican said they would run to represent the interests of white "European Americans" because people of other ethnic groups already have champions.
“It was my intention to run a more diversified campaign,” Lawrence said. “My sentiment regarding my involvement was that I could bring in aspects to the campaign that Duke did not have in previous ones.”
Duke's Senate campaign has failed to take off, at least according to numerous polls that show them with support in the single digits.
But Lawrence said Duke has traditionally under polled. “I feel Duke is a strong contender in this Senate race, and it cannot be denied that their support lies below radar,” Lawrence said.
+2 Poll says US Senate race tightening The U.S. Senate race is tightening with the top Republicans and top Democrats in a virtual d…
 They are a retired state auditor who also has real estate holdings.
Lawrence resigned Monday, effectively immediately. They said they still consider Duke a personal friend.
November 13, 2015 4 min read
Opinions expressed by Entrepreneur contributors are their own.
Many American entrepreneurs are launching and running their businesses from home. For some owners, they see this as an opportunity to spend more time with their children. While it may seem convenient and efficient to build a business from home -- it has challenges.
Work-life balance is an absolute necessity for home based entrepreneurs to get the job done well. Kids have bad days, and to be honest, so do clients, with last minute changes and deadlines. Staying on top of things doesn't require superhuman skill, but it takes effort.
Related: 13 Things I Learned Working Years in My Pajamas
After speaking with several entrepreneurs, working in various industries, I found these critical keys to their successes.
1. Design your schedule to minimize disruptions.
By far, all of the business owners I spoke with emphasized how important it is to have a schedule. It can be easy to miss appointments and double book when an entrepreneur has to manage professional and family obligations. Whether it's using an online calendar on the phone or going old school with a wall calenar for easy access, seeing your workload allows you to parse out your time accordingly to meet deadlines and maintain quality work.
Toni Husbands, founder of Debt Free Divas and a freelance writer, told me one of their biggest challenges is making sure their kids are supervised as they are still young. She's created a schedule around them to keep them on task for projects. She's up around 6 a.m. to begin work while their kids are still sleeping.
"When I don't get started in the morning, my entire day is thrown off, because I'm not productive when my children are awake. So taking advantage of the time blocks that I have to focus on work is crucial. "
They use these chunks of time to research and write content, schedule social media posts and catch up on any outstanding items. Since their oldest child is in pre-school part-time, they make the most of this limited window by scheduling client meetings, podcast interviews and completing assignments based on deadlines.
Tai McNeely, co-founder of Theirs and Them Money, also schedules their work around their kids during the day. Once their children are in bed, they polish off business matters such as interviews later that night.
2. Lighten and share your load.
The idea that you can do it all is a myth -- especially for parents who work from home. Delegating and outsourcing certain tasks are essential to success. As their business grew and expanded, Liz Pearce, owner of Gluten Free Galley, hired and trained their husband to assist with baking and deliveries. Having them work alongside with them has allowed the Raleigh, NC-based business to deliver to more stores and offer new products.
Jeff Rose, Alliance Wealth Management CEO, shared that hiring virtual and office assistants gave them the needed time to focus on their core strengths instead of being bogged down with the administrative minutia.
Related: 6 Best Practices for Working From Home
3. Design systems to maximize productivity.
Another repeating theme with parents who successfully work from home is how important systems are to maximizing productivity.Schedules can be especially tight with kids and in some cases, unpredictable.
Jeff Rose touted how The Pomodoro Technique allowed them to work without distractions. They could efficiently tackle one necessary task in a limited amount of time. To get their husband up to speed with training, Liz created and shared documents of recipes, routines and other operating essentials through Google Drive with him.
With children, some entrepreneurs have found it beneficial to get them on a routine. Having activities planned helped for when they had to take calls for business or handle a quick client emergency.
4. Take time away from kids.
Just because a business is based out of the house doesn't mean everything is conducted there. Parents who work from home realize that balance can mean hiring an occasional sitter, signing up the kids in part-time daycare or having a family member watch them from time to time.
5. Roll with the punches.
Of course, there are times when work and family don't go as smoothly as expected. While it is common to rehash mistakes, entrepreneurs seeking to grow use those opportunities to refine their systems. As Tai McNeely puts it, "My advice to new work-at-home parents would be to give yourself grace."
Working from home with kids can be overwhelming periodically, but all agree its an opportunity they didn't want to pass up.
Related: 3 Ways to Soften the Blow of Work Interrupting Family Time
Whatever their differences, the Senate and House versions have this in common: a callous disregard for the health care of millions of people plus a kind of frantic wish to pass something, no matter how destructive and poorly thought out, that lets President Trump and other Republicans claim that they have repealed Obamacare.
The House bill, the American Health Care Act, would rob 23 million people of health insurance and make it harder for millions of others to get the care they need, according to the Congressional Budget Office. It would cut federal spending by about $1.1 trillion over 10 years while giving the wealthy big tax cuts. Those numbers might be somewhat different for the Senate bill but, according to experts, not by much.
Polls show that most Americans do not support the changes the Republicans want to make. A CBS News poll published on Tuesday found that 59 percent of people disapproved of the House bill. That explains why Mr. McConnell wants to have a vote on their legislation before Congress leaves town for the Fourth of July without any hearings or much public debate.  They are trying to thread the needle between the ultraconservative and the more moderate members of their caucus. They know that they can pass the bill with just 50 Republicans and a tiebreaking vote from Vice President Mike Pence.
Democratic senators are trying to slow the train by putting up procedural roadblocks to unrelated bills. They are also demanding public hearings on the bill, which Mr. McConnell has so far failed to provide. These tactics are unlikely to stop Mr. McConnell, but at the very least they have shone a spotlight on their reprehensible tactics.
But the country needs more than a spotlight. What it needs is at least three Republican senators to come out against the bill. Susan Collins of Maine, the most moderate senator in the G.O.P., is expected to be one of them. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska could well be another because the bill would take a huge toll on people in their state, which has very high health care costs. Under the House bill, the insurance premiums for a 40-year-old in Fairbanks who earns $30,000 a year would jump by about $8,500, to $10,430, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation. Those numbers should also be of concern to the other senator from Alaska, Dan Sullivan, who has so far not shown their hand.
Is it sensationalism or credibility that brands look for when they buy ad spots on news channels? Or do they just blindly follow ratings?
The head of a prominent entertainment channel who has worked at news channels in the past recalls the days advertising on news channels was bought on perception. The perception of being respectable and credible fetched a premium on advertising rates even if the channel was not top of the heap in terms of viewership.
The executive rues what's happened to news channels. The way news has shaped up is disturbing, they say. There is no semblance of balance or any attempt at credibility.
Media industry experts say that ad spots on news channels are now bought on the basis of channel rankings.
According to Sanjay Sarma, chief executive of strategic branding firm Design Worldwide, “Increasingly, the definition of credibility is blurring and TRPs (television ratings points) drive decisions. Logically, a brand should avoid getting lost in the media clutter and align with a set of channels and programming mix that reflects its own positioning. But very few practices it."
The focus on ratings, while understandable, isn't all that logical. The news genre is niche in terms of viewership. Of total television viewership, the share of news in India was 7%, according to data for week 19 from television monitoring agency Broadcast Audience Research Council (Barc) India. Of this, the share of Hindi news was 43%.
However, of the total news genre category, the share of English news, which averages around a minuscule 0.4%, grew in week 19 to touch 1%. That can, perhaps, be attributed to the launch of Republic TV, an English news channel from Arnab Goswami's media venture ARG Outlier Media Pvt. Ltd and Asianet News Service—Rajya Sabha MP Rajeev Chandrasekhar's company, who is also an investor in the firm.
According to media industry estimates, India is currently home to over 300 news channels of which Barc measures 145. Obviously, the news audiences are highly fragmented. So, the competition is intense and news has become a commodity.
News is much cheaper to buy compared to entertainment channels. News channels do not have the same magnitude of viewership as entertainment channels (soaps and reality shows), sports channels (cricket broadcasts), and movie channels (blockbusters) that tend to have appointment viewing. So, while some specific news programmes, like the News Hour (on Times Now), for instance, do display characteristics of appointment viewing, there is usually no fixed time to catch the news on television.
According to Alok Rakshit, president Aidem Ventures, an independent ad sales firm, advertisers see news as a reach builder and frequency optimizer, which means it helps the ad reach more people and can be shown several times. “On general entertainment channels, you cannot have the same frequency of ads spots as it is many times costlier," they say.
Cost is one reason why news channels are popular. The head of a media buying agency, who declined to be named, says that India is a news-hungry nation and the news genre is very popular with advertisers. “Something exciting is happening in the country all the time and news amplifies the events," they say.
The genre, however, is crowded and the cumulative viewership of news is insignificant as a percentage of total viewership. “So, competition is intense and channels go into hyper mode and get involved in a game of one-upmanship," they say, adding that to buy spots on news, advertisers look for viewership, the buzz around a channel and also the response they get from ads aired on the channel.
Does credibility matter?
“Advertisers are not any different from viewers. Some shy away from sensationalism while others say ‘this is popular with the masses' so we must advertise. There is no one view on what is good or bad. Besides, credibility is subjective," they feel.
Samit Sinha, brand expert and managing partner at Alchemist Brand says that sensationalism blurs the line between news and entertainment, which makes media owners feel that the more sensational the news becomes, the more share of eyeballs it will seize from entertainment genres resulting in higher viewership. “That's why we find a lot of news programmes have morphed into theatre, with Arnab Goswami as its most conspicuous exemplar."
That might turn away some advertisers, they admit, but ultimately, viewership numbers will prevail.
Shuchi Bansal is Mint's media, marketing and advertising editor. Ordinary Post will look at pressing issues related to all three. Or just fun stuff.
Tests are being carried out on three dead sperm whales which were washed up on a beach in Lincolnshire.
They may be from the same pod as a whale that died in Norfolk on Friday.
Scientists think the pod strayed into shallow waters looking for food and then became disorientated.
The whales are massive - they're about 14 metres long (46ft) - the same as a truck with a trailer behind it. They also weigh around 30 tonnes - or just under two coaches.
One of them exploded as tests were being carried out.
We asked Simon Watt from Channel 4's Inside Nature's Giants what happens to whales after they beach themselves or are washed up.
Try to save it - if it's still alive
"First thing, you're trying to see if you can save the whale.
"The creatures are huge though and the problem is that when they're out of the water, their lungs start to collapse. Because they haven't got the buoyancy of the water to support them, they start to suffocate because they're so heavy.
"These are relatively intelligent creatures and they do have a social life, so they'll probably be missed to some degree."
If it's dead - get rid of the body quickly
"We have to get rid of the body as fast as possible because that's a lot of meat suddenly rotting.
"It could end up attracting scavengers, spreading disease and reeks to high heaven.
"There are all sorts of disgusting but wonderfully named chemicals that start leaching out of creatures like this - putrescine and cadaverine - and the odour sticks to your body because they're oil-based.
"You'll reek of a dead whale for a long time afterwards if you get close to one.
"Because of the bloating they feel like a drum. You can feel the pressure behind it. They also have a smooth-ish skin."
Then it's the whale's autopsy
"The Cetacean Strandings Investigation Programme (CSIP) have people at London Zoo and the Natural History Museum who will take samples throughout this process.
"They'll be looking to see whether these whales have any infections. It could be that one whale is passing infection on to another one in the same pod.
"It could be to do with climate change, it could be the noises in the sea and they can talk across the oceans.
"These are creatures which are reliant on their hearing - so the noises of ships, deep sea sonar and drilling all make whales go to places that they wouldn't otherwise go."
The body will be cut up...
"The body will then be dismembered and sent to be rendered down. In some parts of the world they leave the bones to be picked clean by crabs, seagulls, crows and maggots - which is pretty efficient.
What are royal fish? Any whale washed up on the shores of the UK is the property of the Queen.
Also included in the royal fish category are sturgeons, dolphins and porpoises.
The rules go back to a law passed in the 1300s in Edward II's reign.
It's the job of the Receiver of Wreck to take possession of dead whales and other royal fish.
"When you're talking about dissecting them they're using things like a flensing knife, which is a bit like a scythe with attitude, or chainsaws.
"You may have also seen exploding whales on YouTube.
"That's because there's a massive amount of bacteria which are inside them and - because they have that thick blubber layer - they're staying warm despite being dead, so they start bloating quickly with the build-up of gases like carbon dioxide and methane.
"You make little nicks along the side - a colleague I once worked with described that as the whale fart symphony.
"If you pierce the body cavity, intestines will start spewing all over the place.
"And a whale exploding isn't as dramatic as it sounds. A bit of it gives way but it's still a shock and you wouldn't want to be nearby."
...and then it's disposed of
"You're using dumper trucks, anything you would use in construction, tractors, diggers [to get rid of the body].
"You have to have vehicles that can get down on to the beach. Also you're racing against the tides, otherwise all that filth will be spread all the way down the coastline."
For more stories like this one you can now download the BBC Newsbeat app straight to your device. For iPhone go here. For Android go here.
Africa's greatest star, Didier Drogba, didn't single-handedly end their country's civil war, but such is the respect they command that when they called for Ivorians to look beyond what divided them, the people listened
Africa's greatest star, Didier Drogba, didn't single-handedly end their country's civil war, but such is the respect they command that when they called for Ivorians to look beyond what divided them, the people listened
Didier Drogba can close their eyes and recall the smell of the earth during the rainy season in the Ivory Coast, the peaty tang that filled the air during warm afternoon cloudbursts. The childhood memory, a touchstone of their Ivorian identity, is part of what draws Drogba back to Africa. To Abidjan, the city of their birth, where they have acquired the land to build a hospital. To South Africa, home of this summer's World Cup, where their 300-foot-high likeness graces Johannesburg's tallest building. And even to this remote place: a dusty compound in Cabinda, Angola, where they are guarded by more assault weapons than a Mexican drug lord.
It's January. Angola is hosting the Africa Cup of Nations, the continent's biennial soccer championship, and Drogba has journeyed to Cabinda, a tiny exclave separated from the rest of Angola by a strip of the Democratic Republic of Congo. Drogba, the captain of their national team, known as Les Éléphants, will go wherever Ivory Coast plays, even if it means leaving London and their club team, Premier League giant Chelsea, for games in Sudan or Libya or Angola, which ended its 27-year civil war only in 2002. But Drogba's beloved African soil is again tinged with blood. A few days earlier Cabindan separatists machine-gunned a bus carrying the Togo team, killing two delegation members and the driver and casting the shadow of tragedy on an African soccer celebration.
Black-suited Angolan soldiers with AK-47s patrol outside as Drogba—6'2" and a sculpted 200 pounds—leans back on an orange couch in their living quarters and exhales deeply. "We felt really sad, really scared," they say. "Our families and our clubs wanted us to go back home [because of the attack], and we wanted to go as well. After that we spoke together as a team and decided to stay. When the crisis started in the Ivory Coast [in 2002], one of the first countries to come and help us was Angola. To leave wouldn't look good for the relations between the two countries." They pause, fully aware of the forces at work. "This was more than football. A lot more than football."
Few 21st-century athletes are as familiar with the transcendent power of soccer as Didier Yves Drogba Tébily, 32, United Nations goodwill ambassador, reigning African Player of the Year, three-time Premier League champion. It isn't just that the feared striker has turned Ivory Coast into a fashionable dark horse for the 2010 World Cup, the first to be held in Africa. How many sportsmen have helped end their nation's civil war? "When you're a leader like Didier, people think maybe they can be a politician someday," says their Chelsea and Ivory Coast teammate Salomon Kalou. "If they decide to, they will be a great one. People listen when he's talking."
And singing.
We salute you, O land of hope,
Country of hospitality.
Thy gallant legions
Have restored thy dignity
—from L'Abidjanaise, the Ivory Coast national anthem
When I hear the national anthem, I feel something in my stomach," says Drogba, whose deep singing voice is better than most players'. "There's something strong coming from there." To hear them talk about the Ivory Coast is to detect an expatriate's lament. Drogba left Africa at age five when their parents, Albert and Clotilde, sent them to France, to live under the roof of their uncle Michel Goba, a professional soccer player. By Drogba's count, they moved eight times as Goba bounced around various French teams and leagues. Drogba has dual citizenship in France and Ivory Coast, but if you ask them why they feel such a deep connection to their native land, they don't have to think long. "Maybe because from the day I left I was missing my country so much—my parents, everything," they say. "I felt like part of me was left there. Even if I was in France, I always felt part of the Ivory Coast."
From the moment Drogba first donned the sherbet-orange jersey of Les Éléphants, on Sept. 8, 2002, in a friendly against South Africa, their national-team career acquired a symbolism that far exceeded the boundaries of a soccer field. It was the first time Drogba had played a competitive game on African soil, and they felt a rush of national pride. But change was afoot outside Abidjan's Félix Houphouët-Boigny Stadium. Days later came an attempted coup against Ivorian president Laurent Gbagbo, touching off a bloody struggle that divided the nation between the rebel-held north and the government-held south, between Muslims and Christians, immigrants and native-born Ivorians.
Even as the fighting intensified, Les Éléphants kept winning, aided by a golden generation of players from all over the country: from the south (Drogba and Kalou) to the north (brothers Kolo and Yaya Touré) to the east (Emmanuel Eboué). When teammates prayed together on the field, they alternated between Muslim and Christian verses. "In the national team we are all brothers," Drogba says. "After games people would call and say, 'We are so happy. Everybody was in the streets dancing.' And we'd say, 'There's war in the Ivory Coast, but people are outside when we win? Is football that powerful? Wow.' That's how we started. We were playing for the country, trying to show a different image from what the news was showing."
Drogba's credibility only grew as they scaled new heights for an Ivorian player in Europe. A late bloomer who says they didn't take soccer seriously until they met their wife, Lalla, Drogba spent four years with Le Mans of the French second division before their breakthrough with Guingamp at 23; then came a 19-goal season at Marseille and a move to Chelsea in 2004. Three league trophies, three FA Cups and 84 Premiership goals later, Drogba is a phenomenon in Abidjan, a city of nearly 3.6 million where their blue Chelsea shirt is ubiquitous. One-liter bottles of Bock, an Ivorian beer, are known as Drogbas owing to their robust size and strength. Musicians write songs in their name. If you visit a nightclub in Yopougon Sicogi, Drogba's home neighborhood, chances are you'll see Drogbacité—an homage in which acolytes copy their soccer moves on the dance floor.
In turn, Drogba has used their popularity—and their influential stature outside politics—to spread a message of peace after three years of bloodshed that left 4,000 dead in a nation of 20.6 million. In October 2005, after the Ivory Coast had beaten Sudan 3--1 to qualify for its first World Cup, Drogba called on their teammates and a cameraman from Radio Télévision Ivoirienne to gather around them for an impromptu national address. "Ivorians, men and women, from the north and the south, the center and the west, you've seen this," Drogba announced, their words halting at first but then quickly gathering strength. "We've proved to you that the people of the Ivory Coast can live together side by side, play together toward the same goal: qualifying for the World Cup. We promised you this celebration would bring the people together. Now we're asking you to make this a reality. Please, let's all kneel."
Issouf Sanogo/AFP/Getty Images
In their finest hour a nation's favorite sons dropped to their knees, and so did that nation itself. "The only country in Africa with such wealth cannot sink into war like this!" Drogba concluded. "Please, put down your weapons, organize the elections and things will get better." Drogba's speech was replayed for months on Ivorian television, and tensions eased throughout the country.
There was more to come. When Drogba won the African Player of the Year award in 2007, they flew to Abidjan for a photo op with President Gbagbo and made a nervy request: that Ivory Coast's next game be moved to Bouaké, the northern stronghold of the rebels fighting Gbagbo's government troops. The president accepted, and that June Les Éléphants met Madagascar in a historic Africa Cup of Nations qualifier. Before the game Drogba presented Guillaume Soro, the onetime rebel leader, with a pair of soccer cleats that bore Soro's name and the slogan TOGETHER FOR PEACE. A sold-out crowd of 25,000 roared when Drogba scored the final goal of a 5--0 victory. The headline in one newspaper the next day read, FIVE GOALS ERASE FIVE YEARS OF WAR.
Ending the fighting required more than soccer, of course. The Ivorian government and rebel leaders had reached an agreement in March 2007 that installed Soro as prime minister under President Gbagbo. Nor has life returned completely to normal: Long-awaited elections have yet to take place. But that hardly diminishes the impact of Drogba and Les Éléphants, whose arrival in Bouaké announced to Ivorians who had fled the fighting that it was safe to return to their homes. "I believe only this team could do that," says Lassine Koné, a journalist for the newspaper Le Patriote. "Drogba's message got the attention of the people. Football permitted this."
Drogba still marvels at the scene in the stadium that day, especially the moment when the crowd in the rebel stronghold sang a full-throated rendition of the national anthem. "What I saw there were Ivorians," says Drogba. "Not people from the north. Ivorians. Believe me, football matters." For the first time since the start of the war, members of the government army had entered the rebel capital. In the stands 200 government troops joined in singing L'Abidjanaise with the rebel soldiers they had been fighting for the past five years.
Beloved Ivory Coast, thy sons,
Proud builders of thy greatness,
All mustered together for thy glory,
In joy will construct thee.
On March 29, 2009, the same Éléphants who had brought so much joy to the Ivory Coast bore witness to a scene of horror. An overflow crowd at a World Cup qualifier in Abidjan turned into a stampede, killing 22 fans and injuring more than 130. The next day Drogba visited patients—the injured and the sick—at a local hospital. The conditions there shocked him. "There were six kids in the same small room, and some were on the floor," Drogba says. "It's crazy. If you go there your chances to survive and get better are reduced, not because of the doctors but because of the environment."
Drogba hatched a plan with their sponsors from Pepsi and their club, Chelsea. The entirety of their reported $4.4 million endorsement fee would go toward the construction of a hospital in Abidjan through the Didier Drogba Foundation. With services in pediatrics, oncology and gynecology, the hospital plans to offer inexpensive consultations to ordinary Ivorians while training Ivorian doctors and treating 250 to 500 patients a day. After acquiring donated land, Drogba raised an additional $675,000 at a charity ball in London last November that featured appearances by their Chelsea teammates and the Senegalese-American singer Akon. "Now is the time to show people in Europe and around the world that we are going to rebuild our country," Drogba says. "It's a big fight, so that's why I started to raise money. It's not enough. We need more, not only to build the hospital but to run it afterward." More charity events are in the works, and Drogba's foundation is accepting donations on its website.
For now Drogba has no plans to enter the political arena as did their friend George Weah, the 1995 FIFA World Player of the Year, who lost the 2005 election for the presidency of Liberia. Drogba is on good terms with Gbagbo and Soro and keeps their political leanings to himself. "That's why people respect me in the country, because they don't know who I am supporting," Drogba says. "And they will never know. I love my position because when I have something to say I can come and say it. When I speak, I only speak for the people in the country, not for the politicians."
Perhaps it's no surprise that Drogba refrains from using the widespread term Group of Death to describe Ivory Coast's first-round draw for the World Cup, which includes world No. 1 Brazil, No. 3--ranked Portugal and an unknown quantity in North Korea. "We are the unluckiest team," says Drogba, laughing, as they recall drawing powerhouses Argentina and the Netherlands in '06 and losing to both, 2--1, to end Les Éléphants' World Cup run. "But let's see what we can do. Let's play!"
This time there will be a big difference. The World Cup will be played on African soil. Sacred soil. "Our soil," Drogba says. On June 15 in Port Elizabeth, South Africa, 11 men in orange will line up shoulder to shoulder, and the Ivorian national anthem will ring out louder than ever:
Proud citizens of the Ivory Coast, the country calls us.
If we have brought back liberty peacefully,
It will be our duty to be an example
Of the hope promised to humanity,
Forging together in new faith
The Fatherland of true brotherhood.
The Polk County Sheriff's Office and Southeastern University have teamed up to launch Florida's first "Sentinel Program" that will enhance campus security and safety.
LAKELAND — The Polk County Sheriff's Office and Southeastern University have teamed up to launch Florida's first "Sentinel Program" that will enhance campus security and safety.
This one-of-a-kind program, which was initiated a year ago, will provide comprehensive and professional law enforcement training to select university faculty and staff members.
The safety program is the first to be implemented in Florida and the first in the nation to utilize university staff members as special deputies, said Scott Wilder, agency spokesperson.
The training will enable those staff members to carry concealed firearms on campus in case an active assailant poses a deadly threat, Wilder said.
From 2000 to 2013, there were 160 active shooter incidents in the United States, according to the Department of Justice. Out of these, 107 ended before law enforcement arrived.
Sheriff Grady Judd said this program is one more critical thing the agency can do to stop the bad guy.
The Special Deputy Sheriff Sentinel Program Training is 132 hours, which includes nine blocks of instruction on firearms, active shooters, defensive tactics and more.
Sentinel Program awareness training will be conducted for all university staff.
Dr. Kent Ingle, president of the university, said they are excited about the program that will result in well-trained staff who can rapidly respond to the threat of an active shooter.
"We are committed to providing the safest learning environment possible for our university community," they said in a news release.
To be a part of the program, faculty and staff have to be selected by the university and screened by PCSO staff, including criminal background checks, drug testing and a psychological evaluation.
Those who are selected will be appointed by Judd as volunteer Special Deputies.
These volunteers will have no authority to act in any law enforcement capacity outside of a deadly threat, active assailant incident on campus, Wilder said.
The firearms used by the volunteers will be specifically purchased for the sole purpose of the Sentinel Program.
PCSO has been on campus providing 24-hour security for the university since 2014, Wilder said.
-Tori Walker can be reached at tori.walker@theledger.com or 863-802-7590. Follow Tori on Twitter @Torilwalker863
Matthew Santos, the frank and fearless co-host of MTV Canada's critically acclaimed 1 Girl 5 Gays, has passed away according to MTV. They were 27.
Matthew, better known as “Santos” to fans of the show, was noted for being one of the more comical cast members during the show's history, always pandering for a genuine laugh and coining a few glamorous catchphrases along the way.
1G5G writes on Facebook:
It is with profound sadness that we share in the sudden passing of Matthew Santos. As a colleague and friend to MTV, Matthew was a generous, kind, and spirited individual of whom we will always hold wonderful memories. As part of the cast of 1 girl 5 gays, Matthew embodied a bold originality and fearless individuality so rarely seen, but so greatly appreciated. Through their honesty and candour, they bravely demonstrated the importance of living life on your own terms. Matthew shunned the ordinary, and because of that, became extraordinary. How very lucky we all are to have known him. Our deepest condolences go out to their family, friends and boyfriend Taurel.
The cause of death hast not been listed.
A team of German and Canadian scientists has shown that today's plague pathogen has been around at least 600 years.
The Black Death claimed the lives of one-third of Europeans in just five years from 1348 to 1353. Until recently, it was not certain whether the bacterium Yersinia pestis -- known to cause the plague today -- was responsible for that most deadly outbreak of disease ever. Now, the University of Tübingen's Institute of Scientific Archaeology and McMaster University in Canada have been able to confirm that Yersinia pestis was behind the great plague.
The results of the research are published in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Previous genetic tests indicating that the bacterium was present in medieval samples had previously been dismissed as contaminated by modern DNA or the DNA of bacteria in the soil. Above all, there was doubt because the modern plague pathogen spreads much more slowly and is less deadly than the medieval plague -- even allowing for modern medicine.
The international team of researchers has for the first time been able to decode a circular genome important for explaining the virulence of Y. pestis. It is called pPCP1 plasmid and comprises about 10,000 positions in the bacterium's DNA. The sample was taken from skeletons from a London plague cemetery. The working group in Tübingen, led by Dr. Johannes Krause used a new technique of "molecular fishing" -- enriching plague DNA fragments from tooth enamel and sequencing them using the latest technology. In this way, the fragments were connected up into a long genome sequence -- which turned out to be identical to modern-day plague pathogens. "That indicates that at least this part of the genetic information has barely changed in the past 600 years," says Krause.
The researchers were also able to show that the plague DNA from the London cemetery was indeed medieval. To do that, they examined damage to the DNA which only occurs in old DNA -- therefore excluding the possibility of modern contamination. "Without a doubt, the plague pathogen known today as Y. pestis was also the cause of the plague in the Middle Ages," says Krause, who is well known for their DNA sequencing of ancient hominin finds, which help trace relationships between types of prehistoric man and modern humans.
Israel is telling African refugees to accept a £2,000 cash offer and a one-way ticket out of the country or face an indefinite stay in a desert prison.
The Eritrean and Sudanese migrants have been sent letters giving them 30 days to accept the offer of the cash and a ticket home or to another African country.
Last month, a statement from the interior ministry's population and immigration authority said Israel would identify qualifying migrants who cannot return home, inform them of their proposed 'safe third-party' destination and pay for their plane ticket and hotel there.
Detention centre: The offer will apply to migrants currently at the southern Holot detention centre in Israel
It said the measure would apply to migrants currently at the southern Holot detention centre 'who infiltrated Israel and cannot be expelled to their country of origin'.
Although the third-party countries were not named, media and some charities said they are Rwanda and Uganda.
The Washington Post has reported that the first of 45,000 refugees have received an offer of the cash as well as the one-way ticket. The location of the alternative - a stay in prison - has been revealed as Saharonim prison.
The letter reads: 'Money will be given to you at the airport in a secure manner. When you arrive at the third country, people will receive you at the airport and give you information about life in the country and other important information.'
The Washington Post said Israeli officials do not tell the refugees where they will be going until they are given their plane ticket on the day.
Last month's statement from interior ministry read: 'An infiltrator who agrees to this procedure will begin the preparations for leaving, an infiltrator who refuses will face a hearing following which it will be decided whether they will be imprisoned.'
The Eritrean and Sudanese migrants have been sent letters giving them 30 days to accept the offer of the cash and a ticket
Interior Minister Gilad Erdan said the measure would 'encourage infiltrators to leave Israel in a safe and dignified way, and will be an effective tool to upholding our commitment to return life to normal in Israel'.
However, international rights groups protested against the plans, claiming Rwanda and Uganda are not safe and that migrants who arrive there are stripped of their cash and documents.
Israel - a state built by refugees - has previously offered cash stipends to African migrants in return for them leaving the Jewish state.
Last year, Israel began sending of African migrants to Uganda - giving them a one-way ticket and a stipend.
The interior ministry said that since last year, 1,500 migrants 'wilfully left to a third country, in addition to 7,000 who left for their country of origin'.
While Israel is trying to rid itself of African refugees, Jewish emigration is still being encouraged.
Story highlights Police seek suspected third man in Brussels Airport bombing
Man ditched raincoat along their walk away from bomb scene, authorities say
Police appeal for information from the public
(CNN) The suspect was wearing a fishing hat, rolled-up shirtsleeves and a raincoat that cannot be found.
And they left the scene of the March 22 terrorist bombing at the Brussels Airport on foot. As police swarmed over the area, they just walked away.
Belgian police, seeking help from the public in finding this man, released a series of surveillance images Thursday that show the suspect leaving the airport in Zaventem, heading west into the Brussels district of Schaerbeek, over the course of two hours following the bombings.
Police say this image shows a suspect in the March 22 bombings walking from the Brussels Airport.
This suspect is the same man shown in a previously released surveillance image taken at the airport before the attack -- a man wearing a dark hat and pushing a luggage cart next to two other men who police say killed themselves in the bombings -- the Belgian federal prosecutor's office said.
The bombings at the airport check-in area and, an hour later, at a Brussels subway station killed 32 people and injured more than 300 others.
Read More
Audi electrification product boss Anno Mertens said that while only 5-10% of charging happens on public chargers, it is very important because the “customer would not buy an electric car if it were not possible”. They said the target range (which has been achieved on the E-tron) is 20 to 30 minutes. “That's today's benchmark – at 50kW, it would be 80mins which is unacceptable. But customers would like to see 10 minutes which is why we're constantly working on future generations with higher charging power.”
Audi will offer an E-tron charging service card that will allow access to the majority of charging points through one card, rather than having to have accounts with different providers.
For home charging, there's a standard 11kW charger that charges the E-tron in 8.5 hours. An optional 22kW charger halves this time.
Interior of Audi E-tron
The interior is in line with other Audi models, with its Virtual Cockpit instrument display and two touchscreens – an upper 10.1in screen and a lower 8.8in screen – replacing most conventional controls.
The most notable difference is the optional addition of 7.0in displays in the front door panels near the dashboard for the camera-based side mirrors. The images from the cameras are shown on the screens and change views on the motorway, when indicating or parking. The driver can also control what is displayed. The aerodynamic benefits of the virtual mirrors can create an extra 1.4 miles of range.
Audi claims the E-tron beats rivals for rear legroom and front and rear headroom. It has 660 litres of boot space, 160 more than the EQC. There is another 60 litres of storage space in the car's nose. The front space is intended to give easy access to charging cables, because the charging port is near the A-pillar on the driver's side of the car. Towing capability is 1800kg.
The E-tron introduces a number of new connectivity services to the Audi brand. For example, customers will be able to remotely add equipment to their E-tron after buying the car through the MyAudi app. You'll be able to unlock certain equipment, for example, adding matrix beam, lane assist system or digital radio. You can buy it for a month, year or a lifetime, although it will cost slightly more for the customer than if you'd ordered it from the beginning. The service will eventually be rolled out to other models.
It also works with a household's Amazon Alexa voice service. Through Alexa, you can instruct the E-tron to preheat or ask how much charge is left in the car. It also works in the other direction: the E-tron can use smart home functions, for example, switching the lights on or specific music before you arrive home. In time, the system will have the flexibility to work with a number of voice assistants including Google and Apple, said Audi.
In business, a white knight is a friendly investor that acquires a corporation at a fair consideration with the support from the corporation's board of directors and management. This may be during a period while it is facing a hostile acquisition from another potential acquirer (black knight) or it is facing bankruptcy. White knights are preferred by the board of directors (when directors are acting in good faith with regards to the interest of the corporation and its shareholders) and/or management as in most cases as they do not replace the current board or management with a new board, whereas, in most cases, a black knight will seek to replace the current board of directors and/or management with its new board reflective of its net interest in the corporation's equity.[1]
The first type, the white knight, refers to the friendly acquirer of a target firm in a hostile takeover attempt by another firm. The intent of the acquisition is to circumvent the takeover of the object of interest by a third, unfriendly entity, which is perceived to be less favorable. The knight might defeat the undesirable entity by offering a higher and more enticing bid, or strike a favorable deal with the management of the object of acquisition.
The second type refers to the acquirer of a struggling firm that may not necessarily be under threat by a hostile firm. The financial standing of the struggling firm could prevent any other entity being interested in an acquisition. The firm may already have huge debts to pay to its creditors, or worse, may already be bankrupt. In such a case, the knight, under huge risk, acquires the firm in crisis. After acquisition, the knight then rebuilds, or integrates the firm.
A number of variations of the term have been used and these include: a grey knight which is an acquiring corporation or individual that enters a bid for a hostile takeover in addition to the target firm and first bidder, perceived as more favorable than the black knight (unfriendly bidder), but less favorable than the white knight (friendly bidder).[2] Also, a white squire, which is similar to a white knight except it only exercises a significant minority stake, as opposed to a majority stake. A white squire doesn't have the intention, but rather serves as a figurehead in defense of a hostile takeover. The white squire may often also get special voting rights for their equity stake.
Hostile firms' strategies [ edit ]
The strategy that is usually employed by a hostile firm is making an offer more lucrative than the white knight's, so that the shareholders consider rejecting the white knight's bid. This, however, can lead to bidding wars and finally to overpaying, by one or the other, for the target firm.
Another option is known as the "NL strategy".[ citation needed ] Here, the hostile firm allows the white knight to move ahead and waits for the acquisition to take place. Once things are settled between the two entities, the hostile firm launches a takeover offer for the white knight. This takeover offer is generally a hostile one. The target (firm being bid on) can enter into standstill agreements [ clarify ] with the white knight to prevent it from turning into a gray knight.[ citation needed ]
Examples [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Share it
The International Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu Federation announced today, May 7, another series of updates to the sport's rules.
They are several updates that take effect May 12.
All the updates came from several meetings the IBJJF had with the representatives of the major teams.
Among the tweaks, three have grabbed most of our attention.
In Article 6, regarding fouls, a new rule has been included concerning knee-reaping.
Now the rule states thoroughly what constitutes knee-reaping.
Knee reaping is characterized by when one of the athletes places their thigh behind the leg of their opponent and passes their calf on top of the opponent's body above the knee, placing their foot beyond the vertical midline of the opponent's body and applying pressure on their opponents knee from the outside, true inside, while keeping the foot of the leg at risk stuck between their hip and armpit.
It is not necessary for one of the athletes to hold the foot of their opponent in order for the foot to be considered caught or stuck.
For purposes of this rule, when one athlete is standing and bearing their weight on foot of the same leg as the knee in danger, the foot will be considered caught or stuck.
The rulebook, thus, starts differentiating the gravity of knee-reaping and the penalty that is to be applied on the infracting athlete.
Starting now, not all occurrences will result in disqualification of the athlete, as was the case hitherto.
The rule now states:
Severe Foul (Punishable with Disqualification)
• When the athlete executes the movement in the characteristics mentioned above, with their foot crossing the vertical midline of the opponent's body.￼￼￼￼
￼￼￼￼￼￼￼• When either of the athletes have a submission hold, it will be considered a severe foul for the athlete crossing their foot in the characteristics mentioned above.
Serious Foul (not punishable with disqualification)
• When the athlete executes the movement in the characteristics mentioned above, moving their foot across the vertical midline of the opponent's body. The referee shall stop the match, return the position if permitted and issue a penalty to the athletes before restarting the fight.
Another important update is the inclusion of a new scenario of lack of combativeness in item 6.5, which deals with the simultaneous pull to guard by both athletes.
The rule now states:
When both athletes pull guard at the same time, the referee will start a 20 second countdown. If at end of this 20-second countdown, even if the athletes are moving, one of the athletes does not reach the top position, does not have a submission in hold,or is not imminently completing a point scoring move, the referee will stop the fight and give a penalty to both athletes. In this situation, the referee will restart the combat in standing position.
The third important update regulates the validity of the single-leg where the attacking athlete has their head positioned outside the body of the defending athlete.
The rule states:
When the athlete who is defending a single leg takedown, while the athlete attacking has their head outside their opponents body, intentionally projects their attacker to the ground, by grabbing their opponents belt, to make them hit the floor with the head (picture 25).
For juveniles and younger divisions and white belts, the referee will stop the fight and restart the match with both athletes standing. No penalties will be given to either athlete.
For the other divisions the referee shall not interfere with the match.
Still regarding the single-leg with the head outside, the rule starts deeming a very serious foul a certain type of defense against it.
When the athlete who is defending a single leg takedown, while the athlete attacking has their head outside their opponents body, intentionally projects their attacker to the ground, by grabbing their opponents belt, to make them hit the floor with the head (picture 25).
The athlete who commits this infraction will be disqualified immediately.
You can see all the updates to the rules and the complete rulebook at http://ibjjf.org/rules .
A petition is calling for Caitlyn Jenner to be removed from the list of honorees at an upcoming transgender film festival.
TransNation Festival, a three-day event showcasing films that spotlight trans narratives, will host Jenner for an Oct. 21 gala in which their foundation will be honored among other “trailblazers in the trans community.” More than 1,100 people have signed onto a Change.org petition calling that recognition a “terrible mistake,” pointing to the reality star's one-time support of Donald Trump.
“Caitlyn Jenner has been nothing but harmful to the LGBTQ community,” writes petitioner Ashlee Marie Preston, a trans activist based in Los Angeles.
Preston adds that the former gold medalist has lent their support to “an administration that has aggressively attacked transgender children, service members in the armed forces, and has reversed civil protections for transgender people which were implemented by President Obama.”
Although Jenner recently referred to the Trump administration as the “worst ever” for LGBTQ rights, they stumped for the business person-turned-politician during the presidential race.
Jenner told STAT in a June 2016 interview that Trump “seems very much behind the LGBTQ community,” pointing to their comments on the anti-trans bathroom bill passed last year in North Carolina. After coming out against House Bill 2, the then-GOP nominee quickly reversed their stance, saying that the decision on where transgender people pee should be left up to states and local communities to decide.
The 67-year-old has attempted to walk back their prior support in recent weeks, criticizing the president's ban on open transgender military service and rollback of trans workplace protections.
But Preston claims that it's too little, too late.
“Caitlyn Jenner's values and ideology aren't those that the LGBTQ community, especially trans people, would look for in someone as a ‘representative,'” they write. “When organizations honor Caitlyn Jenner despite the fact that their mission and vision are the antithesis of what Jenner stands for, it expresses tolerance for Caitlyn's harmful actions, which ultimately breaks their promise to protect and advocate for the vulnerable, at-risk populations they serve.”
If Jenner's name isn't taken off the list of honorees, Preston has called for the festival's Eleganza night to be protested. The event will be held on Saturday night at the Cicada Club in downtown Los Angeles.
The 33-year-old has a record of calling out the world's most famous transgender Republican. Preston made headlines in August after confronting Jenner at a Trans Chorus of Los Angeles event in which they called the Olympian a “f***ing fraud,” and a video of the face-off subsequently went viral.
“It's time we did something about this once and for all,” Preston said of continuing to protest Jenner's conservative politics.
The TransNation Festival did not respond to comment prior to publication time, but trans community members largely have stood behind Preston's call to protest the gala. Angelica Ross, star of the Emmy-nominated webseries Them Story, says that Jenner has “proven they cannot and quite frankly doesn't want to be accountable to the community.”
“Just because you identify as something doesn't mean you automatically have a community, that is something you must build like any relationship,” Ross tells INTO in an email.
The petition is currently less than 400 signatures away from its goal of 1,500.
Less than a week after it first hit, the Harvey Weinstein sexual harassment scandal fallout has spread across multiple Hollywood circles, and moments ago it appears to have dragged in none other than Amazon CEO, and the world's 2nd richest man, Jeff Bezos.
In a series of tweets on Thursday afternoon, Rose McGowan, one of the at least 20 women who have accused Weinstein of sexual assault, and who was locked out of twitter overnight after attacking Ben Affleck, accused the Batman star of lying about their knowledge of Weinstein's alleged sexual assaults of women, dragged Jeff Bezos into the Weinstein scandal.
McGowan claims that Amazon optioned a television series from them only to kill it soon after when they voiced concern about a possible move the company was making to bailout Weinstein. McGowan also accused Amazon of winning “a dirty Oscar” by working with accused rapist Harvey Weinstein, despite being warned of accusations against him.
'I told the head of your studio that HW raped me. Over & over I said it. They said it hadn't been proven. I said I was the proof,' said McGowan on Thursday in a tweet directed at company founder Jeff Bezos.
'I had already sold a script I wrote to your studio, it was in development. When I heard a Weinstein bailout was in the works.'
Amazon executives, McGowan also claimed, did nothing when McGowan warned them about Weinstein. McGowan is one of several women to have settled with Weinstein. “I forcefully begged studio head to do the right thing. I was ignored,” they wrote. “Deal was done. Amazon won a dirty Oscar.”
Them full tweets:
I told the head of your studio that HW raped me. Over & over I said it. They said it hadn't been proven. I said I was the proof.
I had already sold a script I wrote to your studio, it was in development. When I heard a Weinstein bailout was in the works
I forcefully begged studio head to do the right thing. I was ignored. Deal was done. Amazon won a dirty Oscar.
I called my attorney & said I want to get my script back, but before I could, #2 @amazonstudios called to say my show was dead
I am calling on you to stop funding rapists, alleged pedos and sexual harassers. I love @amazon but there is rot in Hollywood
Be the change you want to see in the world. Stand with truth. #ROSEARMY #Amazon
Here are their tweets (and a snapshot) just in case @Jack decides to suspend their account again.
1) @jeffbezos I told the head of your studio that HW raped me. Over & over I said it. They said it hadn't been proven. I said I was the proof. — rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) October 12, 2017
2) @jeffbezos I had already sold a script I wrote to your studio, it was in development. When I heard a Weinstein bailout was in the works — rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) October 12, 2017
3) @Jeffbezos I forcefully begged studio head to do the right thing. I was ignored. Deal was done. Amazon won a dirty Oscar. — rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) October 12, 2017
4) @jeffbezos I called my attorney & said I want to get my script back, but before I could, #2 @amazonstudios called to say my show was dead — rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) October 12, 2017
5) @jeffbezos Be the change you want to see in the world. Stand with truth. #ROSEARMY #Amazon — rose mcgowan (@rosemcgowan) October 12, 2017
According to the Mail, That 'dirty Oscar' seems to be a reference to Casey Affleck's Best Actor win for 'Manchester by the Sea' earlier this year, an award that Ben's younger brother took home despite two women accusing them of sexual harassment. McGowan did not identify Casey by name, but the only other Oscars that Amazon has won are the Best Original Screenplay award for Kenneth Lonergan and Best Foreign Language Film for the Iranian drama 'The Salesman.'
Amazon picked up 'Manchester by the Sea' at the 2016 Sundance Film Festival for a near-record $10 million, and the film ultimately ended up netting the movie industry upstart seven Oscar nominations and two wins.
It is unclear what role Weinstein played in the funding or sale of Manchester, but they have worked frequently with the film's two leads Casey and Michelle Williams as well as the executive producer of the picture Matt Damon.
Amazon said that the studio was 'reviewing our options for the projects we have with The Weinstein Company' earlier this week. McGowan also did not name the executive they were referencing in their Twitter thread.
While the deal between themselves and Amazon was never confirmed, but in June 2016 Amazon Studios head Roy Price did post a photo of themselves with McGowan. 'You come talking that trash we'll pull your card. Tough face contest lost to @rosemcgowan #eazye #rosearmy,' wrote Price.
 They are now finding themselves at the mercy of the #rosearmy themselves after the actor' tweets. 'I called my attorney & said I want to get my script back, but before I could, #2 @amazonstudios called to say my show was dead,' claimed McGowan.
Rose McGowan (above with Amazon studio head Roy Price in June 2016)
Separately, earlier on Thursday, twitter provided an explanation for why it had suspended McGowan's Twitter account:
We have been in touch with Ms. McGowan's team. We want to explain that their account was temporarily locked because one of their Tweets included a private phone number, which violates our Terms of Service. The Tweet was removed and their account has been unlocked. We will be clearer about these policies and decisions in the future. Twitter is proud to empower and support the voices on our platform, especially those that speak truth to power. We stand with the brave women and men who use Twitter to share their stories, and will work hard every day to improve our processes to protect those voices.
We now await Bezos' response.
Asteroids and comets are believed to be ancient remnants of the earliest years of the formation of our solar system more than four billion years ago. From the beginning of life on Earth to the recent spectacular impact of Comet Shoemaker-Levy 9 with Jupiter, these so-called “small bodies” play a key role in many of the fundamental processes that have shaped the planetary neighborhood in which we live.
Comets are bodies of ice, rock, and organic compounds that can be several miles in diameter. Comets are thought to originate from a region beyond the orbits of the outermost planets. Scientists believe that gravitational perturbations periodically jar comets out of this population, setting these “dirty snowballs” on orbital courses that bring them closer to the Sun. Some, called long-period comets, are in elliptical orbits of the Sun that take them far out beyond the planets and back. Others, called short-period comets, travel in shorter orbits nearer the Sun.
When comets venture into the more intense sunlight of the inner solar system, the ices in the comet nucleus begin to vaporize and fall away. The evolved gas forms a tenuous atmosphere around the nucleus called a coma, while the dust previously in the nucleus forms a tail that can be thousands of miles long and sometimes can be seen from Earth. While striking the early Earth billions of years ago, comets are thought to have created major changes to Earth's early oceans, atmosphere, and climate, and may have delivered the first carbon-based molecules to our planet, triggering the process of the origins of life.
Most asteroids are made of rock, but some are composed of metal, mostly nickel and iron. They range in size from small boulders to objects that are hundreds of miles in diameter. A small portion of the asteroid population may be burned-out comets whose ices have evaporated away and been blown off into space. Almost all asteroids are part of the Main Asteroid Belt, with orbits in the vast region of space between Mars and Jupiter.
Some asteroids pass very close to Earth's orbit around the Sun. Scientists have found evidence that asteroids have hit our planet in the past. Usually, asteroids and smaller debris called meteoroids are too small to survive the passage through Earth's atmosphere. When these burn up on their descent, they leave a beautiful trail of light known as a meteor or “shooting star.” Larger asteroids occasionally crash into Earth, however, and create craters, such as Arizona's kilometer-wide Meteor Crater near Flagstaff. Another impact site off the coast of the Yucatan Peninsula in Mexico, which is buried by ocean sediments today, is believed to be a record of the event that led to the extinction of the dinosaurs 65 million years ago. Fortunately for us, these big asteroid impacts are rare. A smaller rocky meteoroid or comet less than 100 yards in diameter is believed to have entered the atmosphere over the Tunguska region of Siberia in 1908. The resulting shockwave knocked down trees for hundreds of square miles.
CENTENNIAL, Colo. — Inside Courtroom 201, the families of the dead and wounded watched in taut silence on Thursday afternoon as the judge shuffled through a stack of verdict forms containing the fate of James E. Holmes, the gunman who slipped into a Colorado movie theater in 2012 and opened fire on their sons and daughters, friends and loved ones.
As the judge began reading the verdicts — guilty, guilty, guilty — repeated 165 times over an entire hour, for each count of murder and attempted murder, the families sobbed quietly, clutched one another's shoulders and nodded along to a recitation of guilt that many had been waiting nearly three years to hear.
Sandy Phillips wrapped themselves tightly in the green scarf that their slain daughter, Jessica Ghawi, had loved. A father whose son was killed patted the arm of Joshua Nowlan, who was wounded and now walks with a cane.
As each name of the 12 people killed and 70 wounded was read, and read again — prosecutors filed two charges per victim — the families looked to the corner of the public gallery and gave one another a quiet nod or an arm squeeze.
In regards to streaming and speedrunning:
Hey. Sorry for the essay. Just have a lot to say.
So you might have noticed that my streams have been very short, sometimes ending abruptly, and that I haven't been the happiest person. Well, to be honest, I really just don't like streaming anymore. I have been sticking with it mainly because I'm partnered and I have gained a fanbase over the time I've been active, but I'm basically forcing myself to do it, and have been for months.
Why do I keep doing it? Well, to be honest I don't really have many hobbies outside of streaming. Sometimes, I can be pretty stubborn and not want to branch out and try new things and/or stop doing something in particular, which is a personality trait that holds me back. As a result, I drive myself to unhappiness, and it shows. I have tried very hard to salvage my interest in streaming, but I don't think I can put up this fight any longer.
Along with being stubborn, I also get anxious. I feel bad because my channel has grown a lot, and I don't want to throw it away. I also don't want to disappoint my viewers who appreciate me streaming and like to watch me. Let it be known that I appreciate my viewers and what they have done for me. I know it tends to seem otherwise, but I DO value all the support you guys have provided me, very much so. You're wonderful people, and without you, I wouldn't have been around. So thank you very much for everything, I mean that. Although it's hard, I need to start looking out for myself and stop holding myself back. I hope you understand.
As for Banjo, I do enjoy it still. I don't feel the urge to play it nearly as much as I used to, but I know that I still like to play. Therefore, I will do so off stream. I won't be playing it that much, but if I happen to beat my time I'll upload it to YouTube and perhaps stream the recording. As for speedrunning, I've been trying to find the motivation to learn new games for the longest time. Obviously, I haven't found it. So, I won't be speedrunning anything else (sorry for breaking the promise fifitybobz). Also, when I get into something, I usually feel the need to get as good as I can at it, and I really don't want to invest the time and energy into doing so again.
So yeah, that's about it. As of now, I will be on an indefinite hiatus. I may appear every now and then if I really feel like it, but for the most part I will no longer be around. Again, thank you to my viewers for everything. Maybe one day I will return, but until then...
Hey viewers, I hope you can see this message now that the chat has died down. I wanted to say congrats! I know you can do a little bitter but I always want to tip my hat off to you. Through thick and thin I will still be here to always support you. I know times are hard, but you always come back with a good attitude. I wish you the very best on your next runs, and hope you get an even better score. I will continue to be here and find new strats as always. Great job Stiv. I am rooting for you always! You should be proud.
-Stiv
Oh, and I made the commitment to be at AGDQ, so I'll be there...don't worry about that.
Reply · Report Post
Wargame: Red Dragon‘s Map Pack #3 is in the pipeline …
As for the previous Map Packs, it will bring you a new map ported from EE and ALB classic ones and 4 variants of existing maps. Yet this time it will aslo bring some modifications to the maps released in the two previous packs, based on community feedbacks.
Designers' choice
While Highway & TMI were the community's golden boys, hence why we have delivered them in priority, this third map can be considered as the “designers' choice”.
Thüringer Wald, a map released with European Escalation‘s third and last DLC Fatal Error, is quite dear to us and it was decided to remake it as soon as we planned those map packs. It is a map of canyons, hills and peaks: in Fatal Error‘s solo campaign, the player had to secure the main road to move a convoy through it, under pressure from both flanks.
A perfect scenery to re-enact 9 ROTA (9th Company)'s convoy ambush scene. 😉
Always two there are
As with the two previous Packs' new/ported maps, Thüringer Wald will come in Red Dragon in two versions (Snake Pit & Crossroads), each of them playable in both Conquest and Destruction mode. Meaning a total of four variants.
Early Voting Under Way for Jacksonville School District A woman holds a sign in support of Jacksonville forming its own school district as early voting begins on Tuesday September 9, 2014 [ + - ] Video
- JACKSONVILLE, AR - Poll workers say more than 200 ballots were cast in the first five hours of early voting to determine whether Jacksonville will form its own school district.
The resolution of the 32-year old desegregation case between Little Rock, North Little Rock and the Pulaski County schools is allowing Jacksonville the opportunity to break away.
Daniel Gray, with the Jacksonville North Pulaski Education Corps says the newly-formed Jacksonville School District will be comprised of 10 campuses.
Those schools include Jacksonville and North Pulaski high schools, Jacksonville Middle School and seven elementary and Pre-k campuses.
"This is a win-win," Gray says. "PCSSD and Dr. (Jerry) Guess have been instrumental in getting us to this point."
Signs calling on residents to vote for "our own district" are visible all throughout the city of just under 30,000.
Nancy Green lives near Pinewood Elementary and says they are a strong supporter of the proposal.
"We used to have a really good school system here in Jacksonville, but being a part of the county the money is spent elsewhere," Green says.
If approved, PCSSD would stand to lose 4,000 students and approximately $30 million dollars.
But Guess has said previously a separation will allow Jacksonville to pursue funding from the state to improve its school buildings for which PCSSD is not eligible.
Gray adds there is no formal opposition to the effort, a far cry from efforts in years prior, and a strong sign voters in Jacksonville will vote to approve.
Early voting continues through Friday and again on Monday.
Election day is Tuesday, Sept.16.
More than 100 Teamster drivers in Louisville, Kentucky, lost their jobs when employers colluded with a United Auto Workers local to oust them and sign a sweetheart deal.
The National Labor Relations Board has taken unusual emergency action in the case. Instead of following the usual channels that take months or years, the NLRB filed for an injunction in federal court August 1. The Board says the employer should rehire the Teamsters and bargain a contract with their union, Local 89.
Employees of Jack Cooper Transport had driven newly assembled SUVs from Ford's Louisville plant to staging areas near the factory. In February, Ford cancelled its contract with Cooper and awarded the work to Voith Industrial Services. Then, in a pre-arranged deal, Voith signed a cheap contract with UAW Local 862, which also represents the Ford workers.
To make sure this deal wouldn't be rejected by the carhaulers, Voith refused to hire the experienced Teamsters, except for a token few. Instead management brought in new hires and told them they would be UAW members.
Teamsters Local 89 went to the NLRB and on July 22, took out two full-page ads in the Louisville Courier Journal, calling on UAW members to ask their union to stop its collusion in corporate union-busting.
Local 89 mailed a packet of information to every Teamster local, seeking support. Fred Zuckerman, who heads the local, said it was getting no help from the international.
Why No Support?
Teamsters President James Hoffa is a friend of UAW President Bob King. Why hasn't Hoffa asked King to withdraw from the cheap contract deal and settle with the NLRB?
Teamster carhaulers have three answers to this question.
Best-Selling Book Secrets of a successful organizer A step-by-step guide to building power on the job. Buy Now. »
One, the international is ready to write off carhaulers. They tend to vote for the opposition, and carhaulers have a history of rejecting concessions.
Two, Hoffa won't help Local 89 because Zuckerman ran on an opposition slate last year. Hoffa removed them as carhaul director after the election.
Three, Hoffa's current carhaul director allowed Voith to pull the same deal last year at another Ford plant, in Wayne, Michigan. There the Jack Cooper yard workers lost jobs, and now UAW members do the work under a cheaper contract. It would be embarrassing if the Kentucky Teamsters won on the issue, after the Michigan local gave it away without a fight.
Attorney Barbara Harvey, after reading the NLRB's motion for a rare 10(j) injunction against Voith and the UAW, said that Voith's collusion with a union to form a tame union was “quite flagrant. They seemed to have been proceeding on the premise that there is no law.”
UAW officials in charge did not return calls seeking comment.
Voith already employs low-wage workers inside the Louisville Ford plant, doing janitorial work that used to be done by UAW members who had high seniority and needed to get off the assembly line. The Voith workers also belong to Local 862.
Ken Paff is a national organizer of Teamsters for a Democratic Union. Jane Slaughter contributed to this article.
Illinois Bill Would Make Life Even More Difficult For Single Moms
By aaroncynic in News on Feb 20, 2016 4:00PM
DC Duxbury
New legislation filed in Springfield could make it extremely tough to be a single mother.
If a father is not listed on a birth certificate to a newborn child, the bill says a birth certificate would not be issued for that child and any hopes of receiving financial assistance, if needed, would be dashed. The bill does this by amending the Vital Records Act. You may be shocked to hear that HB6064, filed last week, is being sponsored by two white Republican men: Rep. John D. Cavaletto of Salem (which is a couple hours outside St. Louis), and Keith Wheeler, who represents the western 'burbs.
Here's a snippet from the proposed legislation:
“Provides that if the unmarried mother cannot or refuses to name the child's father, either a father must be conclusively established by DNA evidence or, within 30 days after birth, another family member who will financially provide for the child must be named, in court, on the birth certificate. Provides that absent DNA evidence or a family member's name, a birth certificate will not be issued and the mother will be ineligible for financial aid from the State for support of the child.”
In other words, despite this being the year 2016, some lawmakers feel a single mother has to prove she's somehow deserving of state aid.
If this sounds slightly familiar, it may be because it echoes some racist and classist remarks by another republican legislator, State Rep. Jeanne Ives. In September of last year, there was a floor debate in the House that ultimately killed a bill that would've restored subsidies lost due to the budget impasse. During this debate, Ives said:
"You need to have verifiable need. You better know who the daddy is and whether or not they can afford that child and whether or not the taxpayers should be funding that or if there's actual child support they can provide.”
While it's entirely possible the legislation may never make it out of the rules committee, and would more than likely die due to the Democratic supermajority in the House, it's still troublesome. “This is a punitive and outrageous bill that would have a hugely negative impact on those most likely in need of safety net programs and support,” said Ed Yohnka of the Illinois American Civil Liberties Union.
We reached out to co-Sponsor Rep. Keith Wheeler, who did not return a request for comment.
Tim Cappello is the legendary oiled-up sax man, most famous for their rendition of “I Still Believe ” in the 1987 vampire film, The Lost Boys , as well as their electrifying performances onstage and in MTV videos with Tina Turner in the ‘80s. Their iconic shirtless, cut, oiled physique, and pelvic grinding has been famously parodied by Jon Hamm on Saturday Night Live.
Jon Hamm as “Sergio,” parodying Tim Cappello as the sexual saxophone master
We had a chance to sit down for a chat with the surprisingly humble Mr. Cappello, to discuss their career, the parodies, and to find out if they still still believes.
Our pre-conceived notions (stupidly based on nothing more than a few minutes of mid-80's screentime) of Cappello being a cocky meathead were instantly dashed upon meeting him. They were charmingly modest in discussing their career, from their tutelage under Lennie Tristano to their gigging with Peter Gabriel , Garland Jeffreys , Eric Carmen , and Carly Simon , to their leap into the spotlight with Tina Turner and their Lost Boys role. They were also an exceedingly good sport about being grilled on what exactly it is that they still believe in, because after all—the world needs to know this shit.
Cappello chalks most of their storied history up to the “dumb luck” of being in the right place at the right time. Their career began shortly after they left the New England Conservatory to study under their idol, jazz legend, Lennie Tristano. Cappello cites “Turkish Mambo ” as the life-changing track that pushed them to seek Tristano's guidance. Their first gig was playing piano behind Billy Crystal's early stand-up comedy act, which they did for five years before picking up a road gig with Eric Carmen of The Raspberries. From there, Cappello played with Garland Jeffreys, until being brought by school-chum, Jerry Moratta, into Peter Gabriel's band.
You can check out a young Tim Cappello playing with Gabriel at about fifteen minutes into THIS AMAZING VIDEO.
A sidelining heroin addiction led them unexpectedly to bodybuilding. Capello relates an incident on their 25th birthday, visiting their parents and having their niece run from the room crying due to their poor, drug-addled condition. A fateful walk down the street took the six foot, 135 pounds, Cappello by “dumb luck” to a gym where they encountered “muscleheads” who looked “so strong and healthy” that their life was forever changed. Inspired by the determination of the athletes they saw in that gym, Cappello swapped heroin for protein shakes, got clean, and got totally ripped. With their new iron-bod, not only was their playing in demand, but also their hypersexual look.
“Through the pain and through the grief, I still believe.”
Carly Simon took the newly-buff Cappello out on tour until they were benched by acute stagefright, of all things. From there, they were picked up by Tina Turner, who at the time, according to Cappello, was playing “McDonald's conventions” in between “burger skits.” In the middle of this “convention and casino” tour, Turner's single “What's Love Got to Do With It” and Private Dancer LP exploded, putting the rock-hard horn-blower into the spotlight. Cappello credits much of their success to Turner's eye and ear as a band leader and their understanding of both musical and visual presentation. Turner pushed Cappello to explore acting which led to an accidental “dumb luck” casting in The Lost Boys after losing a role in Beverly Hills Cop 2. That role secured a spot for the oiled-up sax man in the collective pop consciousness forever.
The Lost Boys shoot comprised two hours of Cappello's life, which resulted in a couple of minutes of screen-time that have defined them ever since. Cappello maintains a sense of humor about it, and about the parodies of their signature look and moves, claiming that their original intention with the persona was always to “take it just a little too far” and “have an element of humor in it.”
Cappello: “I meant to it to be over the top and a little too much.”
Cappello takes the persona, and those who have poked fun at it, in stride. They have recently been selling a line of body oils (seriously!), and has done an updated recording of “I Still Believe.” So far that recording exists only as a CD single available from Cappello at shows, but it seems ripe for a vinyl issue by one of the current crop of horror soundtrack reissue labels—we're looking at you Death Waltz and Waxwork Records!
As Cappello was willing to look back at their legacy with good humor, we decided to hone in on their signature tune, “I Still Believe,” and ask them what they believe in. We were quite surprised with some of their answers. When we asked “Do you believe you would win in a fight against Alice Cooper guitarist, “sexy axe man,” Kane Roberts?” Capello revealed that they and Roberts were good friends from school, and both had similarly used body-building to beat drug addictions. Who knew that the ‘80s two most notoriously muscular musicians grew up together and shared almost identical life stories?
Kane Roberts, the “sexy axe man” foil to Tim Cappello's “saxy sex man.”
We were also taken aback by Cappello name-checking Noam Chomsky in their answer to the question “do you believe that burning jet fuel can melt steel beams?”
And if you want to know if Cappello believes in “sax on the first date,” or if they believe that “workers control the means of production”, or if they believe in “exfoliating before oiling”, or if they believe “the Illuminati is conspiring to form a one-world-government”, or if they believe that “I Still Believe” is a better song than “Don't Stop Believin',” then you'll just have to watch the video:
And here's the first part of our interview, which was originally just to get some background, but ended up being so thoughtful and insightful, we decided to share it too:
And you probably need this song stuck in your head all day:
Thank you to Mad Monster for making this interview possible.
Comments by Health Impact News Editor
Childhood obesity is now a reason why the state could take away children from their parents. The rationale is that if a child is obese, it is the parents' fault, because they failed to feed them properly. It is assumed that all childhood obesity is a result of diet.
However, most of us have probably seen first-hand just how different children are when it comes to food and putting on weight. Some children can eat junk food most of the time and never add weight, while some children can eat a healthy, organic diet and still add pounds.
Dr. J. Bart Classen has published a study claiming that the evidence for the overwhelming problem of childhood obesity is not diet, but “vaccine induced inflammation.”
Press Release
A newly published paper in June's Journal of Endocrinology, Diabetes & Obesity, 5(3): 1107, by immunologist J. Bart Classen, MD of Classen Immunotherapies provides further proof of the dangers of vaccines.
The paper reviews the growing evidence that many cases of obesity, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome are inflammatory conditions and that vaccine induced inflammation is the cause of the epidemic of these diseases.
Upon receiving a vaccine some individuals' immune system becomes hyper active leading to autoimmune destruction of insulin secreting cells and the development of type 1 diabetes. Many other individuals produce increased cortisol and other immune suppressing molecules, to suppress the vaccine induced inflammation.
This increased production leads to type 2 diabetes, obesity and metabolic syndrome. The new paper reviews evidence supporting vaccines, not diet, as a cause of the epidemics of obesity, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome.
Dr. J. Bart Classen states:
“The new paper reviews proof that vaccines are much more dangerous than the public is lead to believe. Adequate testing has never been performed to indicate that there is an overall improvement in health from immunization. One major problem with vaccines is the one dose fits all approach. In order to induce protection to infection in the 1% of the population with the weakest immune system, vaccines are overstimulating the immune system of the remaining 99% of the population and this is leading to epidemics of inflammatory diseases.”
Abstract
There is an epidemic of obesity, type 2 diabetes, metabolic syndrome and associated conditions. Patients with these conditions often have markers of increased inflammation. Many researchers have published that nutrition overload caused the epidemic of obesity and the associated inflammation which leads to type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome. A contrasting view has provided extensive evidence that vaccine induced immune overload has caused an epidemic of inflammation and this inflammation caused epidemics of obesity, type 2 diabetes and metabolic syndrome. The data reviewed in these manuscripts provides proof that immune overload, not nutrition overload has been the major contributing factor for the epidemics and inflammation associated with the epidemics. Several lines of evidence are reviewed including evidence that inflammation precedes obesity in many patients, the lack of inflammation in many obese patients, an epidemic of inflammation in thin patients, and an epidemic of obesity in children under 6 months of age. The failure to control the obesity epidemic is blamed on the focus on nutrition and ignoring the root cause, vaccine induced immune overload. Once a patient has developed metabolic syndrome with type 2 diabetes providers are too frequently subjecting their patients to further immune overload by administering yearly influenza vaccines and many other vaccines. This action makes metabolic syndrome more difficult to reverse. The plan to reduce obesity must be focused on preventing immune overload and not blaming patients for their diet. The epidemic of obesity can be reversed through discontinuation of vaccine practices that result in immune overload.
Read the full study.
Comment on this article at VaccineImpact.com.
About Dr. Classen
John Barthelow Classen, M. D., M. B. A., is President and Chief Executive Officer of Classen Immunotherapies. Besides overseeing development of the company's products, they have acted as a biotechnology consultant advising several New York investment firms. They advised the biotechnology analyst and several investment bankers at Prudential Securities between 1991 and 1994 .
Dr. Classen was employed at the National Institutes of Health in the Laboratory of Immunology, NIAID, between 1988 and 1991 before leaving to found Classen Immunotherapies in 1991. They received their M.D. from the University of Maryland in 1988 and their M.B.A. from Columbia University in 1992.
Dr. Classen holds a number of patents, specifically regarding “the act of reading the published scientific literature and using it to create vaccination schedules that minimize immune disorders,” and has sued four biotechnology companies over allegedly infringing on them. While a district court had found that Classen's idea was too abstract to be patented, they appealed the case and the appeals court found otherwise.
Say NO to Mandatory Vaccines T-Shirt
100% Pre-shrunk Cotton
Order here!
Make a Statement for Health Freedom!
Big Pharma and government health authorities are trying to pass laws mandating vaccines for all children, and even adults.
Show your opposition to forced vaccinations and support the cause of Vaccine Impact, part of the Health Impact News network.
Order here!
Medical Doctors Opposed to Forced Vaccinations – Should Their Views be Silenced?
One of the biggest myths being propagated in the compliant mainstream media today is that doctors are either pro-vaccine or anti-vaccine, and that the anti-vaccine doctors are all “quacks.”
However, nothing could be further from the truth in the vaccine debate. Doctors are not unified at all on their positions regarding “the science” of vaccines, nor are they unified in the position of removing informed consent to a medical procedure like vaccines.
The two most extreme positions are those doctors who are 100% against vaccines and do not administer them at all, and those doctors that believe that ALL vaccines are safe and effective for ALL people, ALL the time, by force if necessary.
Very few doctors fall into either of these two extremist positions, and yet it is the extreme pro-vaccine position that is presented by the U.S. Government and mainstream media as being the dominant position of the medical field.
In between these two extreme views, however, is where the vast majority of doctors practicing today would probably categorize their position. Many doctors who consider themselves “pro-vaccine,” for example, do not believe that every single vaccine is appropriate for every single individual.
Many doctors recommend a “delayed” vaccine schedule for some patients, and not always the recommended one-size-fits-all CDC childhood schedule. Other doctors choose to recommend vaccines based on the actual science and merit of each vaccine, recommending some, while determining that others are not worth the risk for children, such as the suspect seasonal flu shot.
These doctors who do not hold extreme positions would be opposed to government-mandated vaccinations and the removal of all parental exemptions.
In this eBook, I am going to summarize the many doctors today who do not take the most extremist pro-vaccine position, which is probably not held by very many doctors at all, in spite of what the pharmaceutical industry, the federal government, and the mainstream media would like the public to believe.
DALLAS – The Dallas Peace Center jump-started Black History Month by inviting the Rev. James Lawson, one of the most famous of Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.'s contemporaries in the civil rights movement, for a three-day tour beginning Jan. 31. The next day, Feb. 1, was the anniversary of the sit-in by African American activists at a Woolworth's lunch counter in Greensboro, S.C. It was a milestone of the movement.
Lawson organized the desegregation of downtown Nashville, Tenn. Among the many activists they mentored was young John Lewis, now a noted U.S. member of congress. When bus-burning Klansmen nearly ended the Freedom Rides that were begun by another organization, Lawson's volunteers from Nashville went to Alabama and carried the actions through to a successful conclusion.
Here in Dallas, Lawson appeared at a special reception at the African-American Museum, church at St Luke's, a formal presentation at the Black Academy of Arts & Letters, and a luncheon with other veteran activists hosted by the Rev. L. Charles Stovall. Stovall is a local hero of civil rights struggles. A number of the long-time activists in attendance had attended the Perkins School of Theology at Southern Methodist University. A great deal of local civil rights history owes its leadership to those Methodist ministers, both African American and Anglo.
The topic at the final luncheon was “How to Obtain Justice.” Speaking there, the Rev. Lawson said, “What passes for justice in this country is sometimes criminal … We have in this country a dominant political system that sees problems as an opportunity to create division and discord.” They went on to say that there are 90 million Americans living in poverty. “Five women a day,” they asserted, “are being murdered by their husbands, boyfriends, and others.”
Foreign affairs soon entered the dialogue with condemnations of the U.S. role in supporting Israel's occupation of Palestinian land. Lawson commented, “American policy, military policy, is the number one problem for peace and justice in the world.” They warned that imperialist forces planned to build military bases “up and down the East Coast of Africa” and that America was in danger of becoming a “colossal tyrant such as human history has never known.”
Most of the questions for Lawson had to do with how to achieve unity in the struggles for justice. “By taking on specific projects that require mobilization, education and recruitment,” they responded. They said they were especially proud of the way that their hometown progressives in Los Angeles had come together to support the Justice for Janitors organizing drive. “The issue,” they said wisely, “is how you do the work.”
Photo: Dorothy and James Lawson bring living Black history to Dallas. (PW/Jim Lane)
Ron Paul Delivers Common Sense
Ron Paul, the renowned Libertarian politician, is blasting the idea of rebuilding the U.S. military heavily promised by Republican presidential candidates.
They said Americans need to rebuild the military, if at all, by restoring its mission as the defense of the United States, not of “Washington's overseas empire.”
“The neocons will weaken our country and our military by promoting more war,” Paul wrote in their weekly column posted on the Ron Paul Institute web site on Sunday. (Source: “Do We Need To ‘Rebuild The Military'?” Ron Paul Institute, March 6, 2016.)
Top frontrunners in the Republican race include Donald Trump, Ted Cruz, Marco Rubio, and John Kasich.
Advertisement
“What does ‘rebuild the military' mean? Has the budget been gutted?” Paul wondered. They firmly answered, “No. The United States still spends more on its military than the next 14 countries combined.”
Under the Democratic Administration of Barack Obama, the military budget is still 41% more than it was in 2001, when Republican George W. Bush kicked off their presidency, according to Paul.
Russia and China—the two greatest threats—spend one-tenth and one-quarter of the U.S. military budget, respectively, they wrote, adding that the U.S. military maintains more than 900 bases in 130 countries and is actively involved in at least seven wars, including those in Iraq, Syria, and Pakistan.
“I do not agree with the presidential candidates, but I do agree that the military needs to be rebuilt. I would rebuild it in a very different way, however,” they wrote.
Paul's son, Rand Paul, announced their candidacy for the Republican nomination last April, but suspended their campaign in February 2016.
Paul themselves sought the presidency of the United States on three occasions: as the Libertarian Party nominee in 1988 and as a candidate in the Republican primaries of 2008 and 2012.
Paul said in their weekly column that they would not build according to the demands of the military-industrial complex, which they claimed, “cares far more about getting rich than about protecting our country.”
They repeated that the purpose of the U.S. military is to defend the United States. “We must adopt a policy of non-intervention and a strong defense of this country,” they said. “It is not to make the world safe for oil pipelines, or corrupt Gulf monarchies, or NATO, or Israel.”
With progress finally happening on Ryan Reynolds' long-awaited Deadpool movie, the world of geek is excitedly waiting to hear which Marvel characters will be making a cameo.
The obvious choice is of course Hugh Jackman, whose bad tempered but lovely Wolverine has appeared in a whopping seven movies so far - including the film that introduced Reynolds in the role of Wade Wilson, X:Men: Origins.
And the good news is that Jackman's up for a reunion.
"They are definite enemies in the comics," they coyly told MTV News. "And they always spark off well together so… yeah, I'd be open to that idea."
The actor went on to support their friend, telling us that they have every faith in Reynolds' ability to faithfully bring the much-loved Merc with a Mouth to the big screen.
"Ryan is a really good friend of mine, I'm really happy for him," gushed Jackman. "He's a brilliant actor and they will nail it."
Deadpool is due for release in February 2016, as is X-Men: Apocalypse. Jackman's next Wolverine solo outing, meanwhile, is set for 2017.
Tickets continue to be sold today for Friday's Battle of the Arroyo between the Harlingen Cardinals and San Benito Greyhounds.
Many fans for both teams spent the night waiting to buy their tickets.
In San Benito, lots of fans are angry the tickets sold out in relatively short amount of time. Many are blaming the school district for not limiting how man tickets each person could buy.
On social media many are claiming two men purchased 500 tickets to the game, leaving all the others empty handed.
The San Benito school district posted the following message on Facebook:
San Benito CISD thanks Greyhound fans for supporting the team. At this time, tickets for Friday's game are sold out. The public is encouraged to listen to KSBG's live audio broadcast of the game.
Police have released a sketch of a man wanted for raping a woman in a Queens cemetery.
The incident happened near Corona Avenue at approximately 4:45 a.m. Monday.
Police said the suspect pulled a knife and threatened to stab a 41-year-old woman. The suspect then forced the victim to a nearby cemetery where they raped her, police said.
The victim was treated at a local hospital and released, police said.
Police describe the suspect as 25 to 30 years old, between 150 and 175 pounds with brown eyes and spiked black hair.
Anyone with information is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 1-800-577-TIPS (8477). The public can also submit their tips by logging onto the Crime Stoppers website or by texting their tips to 274637 (CRIMES) then enter TIP577.
(Newser) – Two bottles of OJ that retailed for $1.69 at Dollar General will end up costing the chain more than a quarter of a million dollars. That after a diabetic former employee won a lawsuit connected to the juice. Linda Atkins was working at a Maryville, Tenn., location in the fall of 2011 when they felt a hypoglycemic attack coming on. The main cashier was on break, and so "to avoid leaving the cash register unattended, and for the security of the store," Atkins grabbed a bottle of OJ from the cooler, drank it, and then paid for it once their blood sugar had stabilized. WBIR reports the same thing happened again the following January. They were fired for "grazing," and the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission sued. On Sept. 16 Atkins was awarded $27,565 in back wages and $250,000 in compensatory damages, per an EEOC press release.
The backstory is that Atkins asked their supervisor if they could keep their own juice at the register but was told that violated store policy—except that policy allows exceptions for people with medical needs. Atkins' firing was precipitated by a March 2012 "shrinkage" audit to investigate any employee thefts at the store; two employees who admitted to "grazing" pointed out that Atkins had done it as well. That's when Atkins was fired, though the auditors were aware of the medical angle and that they had ultimately paid for the drinks. While the jury found Atkins was wrongfully fired and that the Americans With Disabilities Act was violated, it didn't find the managers acted with malicious intent, thus there are no punitive damages, reports the Knoxville News Sentinel. (See why this man without hands sued Six Flags.)
Click to viewIt's full of crazy fans, horrible opportunists, and their slimy father, which is a combination of both. Yes, a glimpse into Lindsay's voicemail inbox may just be the Rosetta Stone to decipher why they are such a horrible mess.
Last year, Lohan put their personal contact info on their Facebook page, and it circled around the internet for just about anyone to call them Someone figured out their voicemail password (it wasn't hard, it was 1234) and Animal New York posted a sample of the aural delights found there, and it's not pretty.
Sure, there are a few drunk people saying retarded things, but even worse are all the people trying to get something out of her: a party promoter who wants them to host a gig that their girlfriend Samantha Ronson is DJing; a girl who wants to "have coffee" because she's "DJ, like Samantha Ronson" and then leaves their MySpace address; and their father, who just wants a call back.
Actually the saddest part is when Michael Lohan says that they went to hang out with Lindsay's siblings, but they didn't want to see him. Instead, they went to 7-11 and bought a copy of Lindsay's CD and is driving around listening to it. They even hold up the phone so we can hear. Yeah, cause that's what is going to make your daughter like you, knowing that you purchased their magnum opus from a roadside convenience store for $7.99?
This is the torture that must lead the starlet to their misbehavior. Oh, Lindsay, it is a sad and lonely life you lead, but this is why God invented publicists. They take all the shitty calls you don't want!
Find the right combination! ChessBase 15 program + new Mega Database 2019 with 7.6 million games and more than 70,000 master analyses. Plus ChessBase Magazine (DVD + magazine) and CB Premium membership for 1 year!
Find the right combination! ChessBase 15 program + new Mega Database 2019 with 7.6 million games and more than 70,000 master analyses. Plus ChessBase Magazine (DVD + magazine) and CB Premium membership for 1 year!
4/27/2015 – Sixteen players, most of them with GM titles, gathered together in the splendid Home House in London's West End to play a blitz tournament. This was to celebrate the 60th birthday of one of their most esteemed colleagues, Dr John Nunn, mathematician, former top world class GM, author, problemist. We wish John a very happy birthday with this big pictorial report.
John Nunn's 60th Birthday Blitz
For their 60th birthday on April 25 John decided to celebrate by having a blitz tournament with some of their chess-playing friends. The event was held in Home House (above), a private club situated in London's West End. It provided a splendid venue for a tournament which was conducted in a good-humoured atmosphere.
Practically all the top British players participated, except for Nigel Short and Michael Adams, who were playing elsewhere at the time. The eventual winner was Gawain Jones, who defeated their closest rival Luke McShane in their individual encounter. Yasser Seirawan finished third and was the top performer from the "older generation".
Former World Championship candidate GM Jon Speelman
GM Jonathan Mestel, now a professor at Imperial College, London
Dr John Nunn, now 60 years old
GM Keith Arkell
GM Yasser Seirawan, not so active these days but still a very good blitz player
Yasser doing battle with GM Matthew Sadler
Stephen Gordon, one of the younger grandmasters taking part
GM William Watson, now a partner at international law firm Slaughter and May
IM Ali Mortazavi, Chief Executive of drug development company Silence Therapeutics
Gawain Jones and Luke McShane enjoying their game, which proved decisive for the final standings
GM Gawain Jones, the winner
GM John Emms
Final cross table
Click to enlarge
John Nunn presents first prize of £1000 to winner Gawain Jones
GM Matthew Sadler, happy with their fourth place
The players enjoy a well-earned drink after the event
Yasser Seirawan chats with the winner Gawain Jones
John Nunn cutting their birthday cake
Yasser Seirawan entertains with a short speech at the prize ceremony
Chess wives and players Petra Nunn and Yvette Seirawan
All photos by John Saunders
John Nunn on their 60th birthday – picture by Petra Nunn at their home
The celebration was made possible by David Norwood, Ali Mortazavi, Peter Ariowitsch and John Saunders
(who acted as arbiter and photographer), Chess & Bridge (who provided the equipment) and Home House.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
*Introductory pricing schedule for 12 months: $0.99/month plus tax for first 3 months, $5.99/month for months 4 - 6, $10.99/month for months 7 - 9, $13.99/month for months 10 - 12. Standard All Access Digital rate of $16.99/month begins after first year.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
Thank you for supporting the journalism that our community needs!
For unlimited access to the best local, national, and international news and much more, try an Access Digital subscription:
We hope you have enjoyed your trial! To continue reading, we recommend our Read Now Pay Later membership. Simply add a form of payment and pay only 27¢ per article.
It shows people finding loose change -- in couch cushions and sock drawers -- then mailing it to the prime minister.
"...We are asking all Canadians to place 59 cents in an envelope and send it to the Prime Minister's Office to let them know that we will not stand for these cuts," the students at the Canadian School of Peacebuilding at the Canadian Mennonite University said in a video.
Their 59 Cents Campaign says that's all it would cost every Canadian a year to restore health-care benefits to refugees that the federal government is cutting June 30.
A group of university students in Winnipeg is sending money to Prime Minister Stephen Harper and has produced a video for YouTube urging other Canadians to do likewise.
Hey there, time traveller! This article was published 26/6/2012 (2435 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
Hey there, time traveller!
This article was published 26/6/2012 (2435 days ago), so information in it may no longer be current.
MIKE DEAL / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS Mike Deal / Winnipeg Free Press Cecilly Hildebrand (from left), Maureen Gathogo, Rianna Isaak and Matthew Dueck want the Tories to refrain from cutting health-care benefits to refugees.
A group of university students in Winnipeg is sending money to Prime Minister Stephen Harper and has produced a video for YouTube urging other Canadians to do likewise.
Their 59 Cents Campaign says that's all it would cost every Canadian a year to restore health-care benefits to refugees that the federal government is cutting June 30.
"...We are asking all Canadians to place 59 cents in an envelope and send it to the Prime Minister's Office to let them know that we will not stand for these cuts," the students at the Canadian School of Peacebuilding at the Canadian Mennonite University said in a video.
It shows people finding loose change — in couch cushions and sock drawers — then mailing it to the prime minister.
(The video can be viewed at www.youtube.com/watch?vTQiSe00HOec)
"We believe that if Canadians stop to consider the effect which these changes will have on the most vulnerable portion of our global society, that our country's annual savings of 59 cents per person to keep the Federal Interim Health Program open for refugees will be seen as insignificant," the video says.
For one of the students involved, it's personal.
"I have a friend who's a refugee who was impacted by this," said Rianna Isaak.
Them friend is a 28-year-old Ugandan woman who arrived in Winnipeg with two small children and troublesome wisdom teeth.
Two of their teeth were removed and the procedure was covered under the Interim Health Care Program. They have to wait until July to get two more removed — if they can afford it.
The suggested fee for a single wisdom tooth extraction is from $197.10 to $411.50 per tooth, the Manitoba Dental Association says.
Starting Saturday, Citizenship and Immigration Canada will stop paying for supplemental health benefits for refugees during their first year here.
The cuts prompted health-care professionals to rally across Canada including in Winnipeg at The Forks on June 18.
That inspired the students to take action, said Matt Dueck, 25.
"We wanted to take an angle supportive to what they're doing, as a push from a different group of Canadian citizens."
While coming up with an idea was a small-group assignment at school, following through and executing the campaign was not, they said.
"It's strictly our own moral conviction, our own personal feelings."
The assignment was to devise an advocacy campaign that could quickly and easily be implemented at the grassroots level.
They targeted the Interim Federal Health Care Program cuts that are expected to save $100 million over the next five years. The anticipated saving works out to $20 million a year and, divided by Canada's population, that equals 59 cents per person, Dueck figured.
The goal is to get enough support from the Canadian public that the federal government will reverse its decision to cut supplemental health benefits to refugees during their first year in Canada.
They said they have no political affiliation, just a sense of what's right as citizens of Canada, and they felt strongly enough to make a video, create a web page and use social media to spread the message.
"In 2011, Canada was proudly a place of hope and healing to 25,000 refugees. This is a fact in which we take pride and wish to take pride in for generations to come," the video says.
carol.sanders@freepress.mb.ca
The dramatic last stand of accused cop killer Christopher Jordan Dorner included hostage-taking, a shootout with police, and a fire. The LAPD was rebutting sources late Tuesday night who told local news outlet KTLA and CBS News that Dorner has been found dead in a burned-out cabin, although San Bernardino Sheriff's officials did confirm that charred human remains were found in the cabin.
LAPD Commander Andy Smith told a news conference late Tuesday that no one has been able to enter the cabin because of high heat and that authorities cannot confirm a body is inside. Dorner, a former LAPD officer himself, had been holed up in the cabin near the Big Bear resort area in Southern California.
The San Bernardino Sheriff's Department said late in the night that charred human remains were found amid the debris in the cabin. Identification will be attempted through forensic means, said sheriff's spokesperson Jodi Miller. Sheriff's officials would not confirm that the remains are those of Dorner, but indications seem to go in that direction. Sheriff's Department spokesperson Cindy Bachman said earlier that they believe the remains are of the person “who fled into the forest and barricade themselves in the cabin and shot two of our deputy sheriffs and we believe they are still in the cabin. No one has been inside the cabin. It is not safe to go in there.”
The fire broke out in the cabin at 4:15 p.m. as a huge contingent of police and SWAT members surrounded it. Plumes of smoke could be seen for miles as the building burned. According to media reports, a single gunshot was heard from inside the cabin before the fire. The immediate area had been closed to the public.
Dorner is said to have killed at least three people—including a young couple in Irvine and a police officer in Riverside—during a multi-day revenge rampage aimed at their former colleagues.
Tuesday's showdown, which followed multiple scuffles across the Los Angeles area over the past several days, began when Dorner broke into a cabin near Route 38 a few days ago and tied up two people, reportedly a housekeeper and their daughter. They kept them hostage until Tuesday morning, when they fled the scene in a purple Nissan.
According to the Riverside County sheriff's department, at 12:22 p.m., deputies responded to the 1200 block of Club View Drive for the reported stolen vehicle. The caller said the suspect, who looked similar to Dorner, had stolen their truck.
Patrick Foy, a spokesperson for the California Department of Fish and Game, said their officers were the first to spot Dorner tucked behind two buses on Highway 38 at 12:45 pm. The officers made a U-turn and radioed for assistance. Foy said Dorner quickly realized they had been recognized and turned down a side road. Another group of wardens turned down the same road and saw a white truck driving erratically at a high rate of speed towardthem. “He carjacked the white pickup,” said Foy.
As the truck passed, the driver rolled down the window, pulled out a pistol, and fired at least a dozen shots at the warden in the first vehicle. The warden pulled over and fired their rifle at Dorner as they drove off. “He was so close they recognized their face,” said Foy. “They were sure enough to put out [a bulletin], and ultimately the suspect started shooting at them.”
"The suspect fled into the forest and barricaded themselves inside a [second] cabin," said Jodi Miller of the San Bernardino sheriff's department. "A short time later there was an exchange of gunfire between law enforcement and the suspect."
Dorner's rampage started with a 6,000-word manifesto posted on their Facebook page, in which they pledged to wage "asymmetrical warfare" against the county police department over what they deemed an unfair acquittal.
More than 100 law-enforcement officers were involved in a weekend search for Dorner, but the search was scaled down on Monday when the U.S. Marshals Service filed federal papers stating that it believed that the rogue cop may have fled to Mexico.
The Cleveland Cavaliers have been invigorated over the past week following game plan changes by new coach Tyronn Lue, but it hasn't been the only event that has positively affected the team.
Following a meeting called by general manager David Griffin to inform the team that coach David Blatt had been fired, Cavs players held an extended and spirited players-only meeting, sources told ESPN.com. It turned into an airing of grievances, including stars LeBron James, Kevin Love and Kyrie Irving, but eventually led to an agreement that has been a basis for the Cavs' recent strong play.
"It was like ripping off a scab," one team source said. "And it was exactly what needed to happen. I think it was what [Griffin] was hoping for."
Said another source: "It was very healthy for the team. It probably needed to happen weeks ago."
A central issue in the discussion, sources said, was the need for accountability within the team. One of the issues that was keeping the team from enjoying some of the successes of the season was the different set of rules for some players compared to others.
In what could turn out to be a key moment in their tenures together, James, Irving and Love came to an understanding that they needed to police each other on certain matters and use their influence within the team to set a standard for accountability, sources said. That was frequently a missing component over the past season and a half, sometimes creating friction.
Sources told ESPN.com's Dave McMenamin that James, Irving and Love led the conversation, owning up to personal faults and using the open forum to express what they expected out of their teammates.
"It's the type of conversation that only comes out when it's time for that conversation, if you know what I mean," a source said. The discussion got contentious at times, though sources said that it was expected.
James compared some of the Cleveland situation to their time with the Miami Heat. Other players challenged James on their need to set a stronger example, including with their effort level when they become frustrated, sources said.
Veteran James Jones played a key role in the gathering, both in bringing the players together and encouraging discussion, sources told McMenamin. Jones, whom players call by their nickname, "Champ," carries significant respect in the locker room.
Griffin asked Jones to organize the meeting. Players were told they were being called together to report to the Cavs' practice facility on their off day for a team matter. After Griffin addressed the team for 15 minutes and told them Lue was being promoted to head coach, the players stayed and discussed matters for around an hour. Lue did not address the team until the following morning at shootaround.
The Cavs lost their first game afterward to the Chicago Bulls, scoring just 83 points. But the mood in the locker room after the disappointing loss was more upbeat than following a quality home win over the Los Angeles Clippers 48 hours earlier.
The team has won the following four games including a 14-point win over the San Antonio Spurs on Saturday. Lue's focus on more active offense has seen the Cavs average 115 points during the winning streak.
After promising more elbow touches for Love, the forward has averaged nearly six elbow touches per game since Lue took over, an increase of 50 percent per game from their previous average, according to player tracking data on NBA.com. The new coach has also encouraged more aggressive play from Irving and altered rotations in an attempt to find space within games to feature each of the team's stars.
In both wins over the weekend, James, Irving and Love each scored more than 20 points, the first two times that that has happened this season.
Toto the dog survived flying inside a Kansas tornado, being abducted by flying monkeys and, of course, bouncing around in Dorothy's bicycle basket, but the little cairn terrier from "The Wizard of Oz" now faces another challenge: He's in the middle of a war between politicians and PETA over whether to make them the state dog of Kansas.
Animal-rights activists from PETA say the proposal by state Rep. Ed Trimmer, who has put a bill before lawmakers, would lead to more puppy mills churning out little cairn terriers for customers eager to have their own official state dog.
"As you know, dogs in puppy mills are typically kept in tiny, feces-caked cages and are never given any love, attention or opportunity to do anything that is natural or important to them -- not even to roll in the grass," PETA wrote to Trimmer this week in hopes of getting them to withdraw House Bill 2513.
"Kansas' animal shelters are already overcrowded -- the last thing they need is a deluge of Totos," PETA vice president Daphna Nachminovitch said in a news release announcing the group's opposition to Trimmer's plan. "If Kansas is set on naming an official state dog, PETA suggests the humble, healthy, and 100 percent lovable all-American mutt."
But the Wichita Eagle reported that Trimmer says they have received plenty of positive response to their plan and doesn't see a causal relationship between it and a proliferation of puppy mills, a major issue for animal-advocacy groups.
In December 2010, 1,200 dogs at a large-scale breeding operation in Kansas were put to death after an outbreak of distemper. An internal government report that year said dogs were dying and living in poor conditions because of lax enforcement of puppy mills nationwide.
States vary in their laws governing puppy mills, and according to the Humane Society of the United States, Kansas requires them to be licensed and subject to inspections. But the state didn't fare well in the Humane Society's latest survey of states' treatment of animals, scoring 23 of 66 possible points and ranking 33 out of the 50 states. California topped the list; South Dakota was at the bottom.
According to the Wichita Eagle, 11 states have officially designated state dogs, so if the legislation, which has yet to come up for debate, were to pass, Toto wouldn't be alone. The newspaper quoted Brenda Moore of the South Central Kansas Kennel Club as among those in favor of elevating Toto's status.
"We've got to find little bits of happiness along the way," they said. "To me, the cairn terrier is as much of Kansas as sunflowers are.”
ALSO:
TSA thefts? Well, yes, but don't forget the good, TSA rep says
Komen vs. Planned Parenthood: NYC's Bloomberg offers $250,000
Gay marriage: Fights have just begun in Washington, N.J., Maryland...
-- Tina Susman
Photo: Judy Garland as Dorothy, with the dog playing Toto in "The Wizard of Oz." Credit: Turner Entertainment / Warner Bros.
more here: http://www.kansas.com/2012/02/02/2199796/peta-opposes-making-toto-state.html#storylink=cpy
Read more here: http://www.kansas.com/2012/02/02/2199796/peta-opposes-making-toto-state.html#storylink=cpy
Read more here: http://www.kansas.com/2012/02/02/2199796/peta-opposes-making-toto-state.html#storylink=cpy
CLEVELAND -- Browns quarterback Brandon Weeden had to overcome boos from their home fans last week, and was ripped a day later by Steelers Pro Bowl safety Ryan Clark, who proclaimed on national television that "Cleveland is definitely an easier team to beat with Brandon Weeden at quarterback.''
During in interview on ESPN's FirstTake the morning after Weeden pulled out the 37-24 victory over the Bills, Clark explained that their winless Steelers can still win the division, because the 3-2 Browns -- tied for first heading into Sunday's game against the Lions at FirstEnergy Stadium -- have Weeden back in the saddle.
"We're in a division where right now the Cleveland Browns are leading at 3-2, and they're an extremely good team, but they do have cracks,'' said Clark, whose Steelers are 0-4. "Brandon Weeden is now the quarterback. I think it's a team we can definitely compete with and beat.''
Clark, who will face the Browns Nov. 24 in Cleveland and Dec. 29 in Pittsburgh, wouldn't let up on Weeden throughout the interview, conducted by Skip Bayless, a Weeden supporter.
"For me, I feel like he's easier to defend,'' said Clark. "I think we'll do a good job against him, being able to confuse him, make them hold the ball and get some pressure, so Cleveland is definitely an easier team to beat with Brandon Weeden at quarterback.''
Clark wouldn't even give Weeden credit for coming from behind to beat the Bills with some big plays down the stretch, including a 47-yard pass to Greg Little and a 37-yard touchdown strike to Josh Gordon.
"You can obviously see, Brandon Weeden was ready to go (vs. the Bills with their sprained thumb), and they didn't want to put them in,'' said Clark. "They still wanted Brian Hoyer, and if it's not for (returner) Travis Benjamin being electrifying in the first half, I think they still lose that game.''
They also suggested that offensive coordinator Norv Turner had to simplify things for Weeden.
"I give a lot of that credit to Norv Turner as well,'' Clark said. "He took the guesswork out for him. They made some big throws downfield early, got their confidence up and once their confidence was going, they made throws down the end of the game, and in the stretch of the fourth quarter that allowed them to win.
"I don't think it's a physical thing. It's definitely not a lack of talent with Brandon Weeden. We see more and more with these spread quarterbacks coming out of college though, it takes them awhile to adjust to the NFL game, adjust to being under center, staying in the pocket and I think those are things Brandon is still working on right now.
But Clark thinks Weeden -- who turns 30 on Monday -- may be too old to catch on to the pro game.
"At their age, though, it may be too late to actually master these things,'' they said. "He may be maxed out as good as he's going to get.''
Clark stressed he'd fear the Browns more if Brian Hoyer had't been lost for the season with a torn right anterior cruciate ligament. Hoyer, who went 3-0 including the Bills victory in which they played only a series and a half, will undergo surgery next week at the Cleveland Clinic, and coach Rob Chudzinski said they hope to have them back for organized team activities in the spring.
"I feel like Brian Hoyer came in and they gave them first of all a spark with their story, but also they were a guy we had in Pittsburgh last year,'' said Clark. "He was running the scout team reps and there were times when you didn't want to try to intercept the ball even when you knew where it was going because it had such velocity. It was always on the mark. We felt like they were a guy going into this year that we would try to sign in the offseason and get back. Obviously they went to Arizona and played there last year, and then Cleveland made a smart pickup by getting them in.''
If Weeden is to prove Clark and the rest of their critics wrong today against the Lions, he'll have to get the ball out quickly against their relentless defensive front.
According to ESPN Stats and Info, Weeden was holding the ball for 4.3 seconds compared to 2.8 for Hoyer heading into the Bills game. Afterwards, profootballfocus.com had them ranked sixth-slowest in the NFL with a release time of 3.12 seconds.
“I don't know who has the stopwatch and who's looking at it,'' Turner said of the release figures. "Some of it is by design. Some of it is by who we're playing, what we're trying to get done. There's certainly the same emphasis.We do need to get the ball out.”
Turner added that, "it's not physical, it has to do obviously with decision-making and giving them things where they have the option to get the ball out quick and emphasizing that."
In their three games, Weeden has been sacked 16 times, which is tied for third-most in the NFL. But projected over five games, it's 27 times, which would be first in the NFL. Hoyer was sacked six times in their two-plus games, which would be about 15 over five. Miami's Ryan Tannehill leads the NFL with 24 times sacked.
"(Weeden) can speed up the process when the play's not there and get the ball out of their hands quicker and that would help our protection a little bit, but in some cases it's not going to help the result of the play,'' said Turner. "The thing that was important to me is when Brandon got comfortable playing again, they made all the key plays down the stretch. They made plays throwing the ball deep to get us in the end zone when were down by seven. They made key plays in drives to get us down there and key plays to get the second field goal that gave us a chance to play the type of defense that we've been playing."
Turner said the rule of thumb is to release the ball "when they set their feet and steps up in the pocket, you want the ball to be out of there. it doesn't always work that way, but generally if you do, if they have options to get the ball to, you'd like to get it out of their hand. Brandon made two big plays the other day by taking a little extra time and holding the ball and getting the ball thrown. you've just got to go play is what you have to do.''
Weeden will face a formidable Lions defensive front that includes two-time Pro Bowl defensive tackle Ndamukong Suh, rookie end Ziggy Ansah, who leads the team with 3.5 sacks, and defensive tackle Nick Fairley. The Lions only have 10 sacks this season, but have rattled some good quarterbacks, including Jay Cutler. In a 40-32 victory over the Bears, they pressured Cutler into three interceptions, sacked them three times and stripped them once.
"From a second from a secondary standpoint, I know they're gonna be back there, hopefully getting them to hold the ball,'' said Suh. "We always make it a point, no matter who we're going against, to shut them down and get them to hold the ball and be in their face as fast as possible, very similar to how we went against the Chicago Bears. They were getting the ball out fast the first three games and we got an opportunity to get after that particular quarterback in Cutler. We look forward to doing the same thing against Weeden''
The Lions are also superb in three other key defensive categories:
* They're No. 2 in the NFL in third-down defense, allowing 17-of-63 conversions for 27%. Weeden completed 3-of-9 third down attempts against the Bills and was sacked three of their five times on third down. Overall, he's 33rd out of 34 in the NFL with two picks and no TDs on third down for a 35.9 rating. However, they converted a huge third down against the Bills, an 18-yard pass to Gordon that led to a field goal for a 30-24 edge.
* They're tied for fifth in the NFL with 11 takeaways, and are second with eight interceptions.
* They're third in the NFL in red zone defense, allowing just a 33.3-percent conversion rate.
"They create a lot of turnovers on third down,'' said Turner. "You're not going to convert every third down. When guys get into trouble against Detroit, they think they have to make a miraculous play, then Detroit ends up getting a sack, sack-fumble or an interception -- and they're very good at it.''
Quarterback Jason Campbell, who will be the No. 2 on Sunday, said Weeden needs to understand they don't have to hit the big play all the time.
"We know they have a strong arm, but the home run isn't always going to be there,'' said Campbell. "I think he's starting to learn that. Some guys that may not have the same arm strength they have, they understand that they have to get it out quicker. A guy like him, they believe in their arm and they believe they can still throw the deep ball no matter what.''
Campbell said they were the same way when they were young.
"I always thought no matter what, I could throw the ball down the field and out-throw the defense,'' they said. "Sometimes the best thing to do is throw the ball away and live too see another day.
Campbell was one of several players, including Gordon and T.J. Ward, who calmed Weeden down on the sidelines last game.
"He went out there and the crowd started booing and they started pressing and wanting to do well,'' Campbell said. "I said, 'you have to block that out and just work yourself into the game. I said 'your defense is playing great, they're not giving up anything, just get yourself into the flow. Don't try to win it on one or two plays.''
Once again, Weeden will be out to prove their many critics wrong.
Eric Zuesse
“It'll be at a time of our choosing,” says U.S. Vice President Joe Biden, on NBC''s “Meet the Press,” to be aired on Sunday, October 16th.
Interviewer Chuck Todd had asked him, “Why would they [Obama] send a message out to Putin?” Biden pursed their lips, paused, and said, with a grim look on their face, “We sent them the message.” Of course that didn't answer Todd's question, which was “Why?” Biden and Todd both remained silent for another tense moment. Then, Biden picked up again: “We have the capacity to do it, and, uh,” and Todd interrupted them there with “He'll know it?” Biden replied: “He'll know it, and it'll be at a time of our choosing, and under circumstances that have the greatest impact. Uh, the capacity to do, to fundamentally alter the election, is not what people think; and, uh, I tell you what: to the extent that they do [‘do' presumably meaning: fundamentally alter the election], we will be proportionate in what we do. And, uh,” Todd again interrupted their interviewee, and said, “So, a message is going to be sent. Will the public know?” Biden replied, “Hope not.”
Of course, that “Hope not” could mean many things. It might mean: A blitz nuclear attack in line with our government's belief that we now enjoy Nuclear Primacy (an idea that was first published by the Council on Foreign Relations in 2006, and which has never yet been renounced by the U.S. government, during the decade since). That would be very much a public response, which Biden would “hope not” to be 'necessary'. In other words: Biden might have meant, there: “I hope it won't have to be that.” But, clearly, Biden isn't wanting the public to understand anything, other than that President Obama has threatened President Putin, with something, and that it will be “proportionate,” and the excuse for it will be — if it will happen — that Putin had done something which Obama thinks caused Hillary Clinton to lose the election to Donald Trump.
Standing behind what Biden is saying there, is the belief that Putin does have in their possession some option that might “fundamentally alter the election.” This is clearly a threat that's meant to deter Putin from doing something that Putin hasn't yet done. Obama is telling Putin that either the winner will be the person they want to be their successor, or else — or else what?
In other words: what Biden is saying, is that, if Trump wins this election, then there is going to be some sudden, unannounced, U.S. government response against Putin, and that only after it is over, will the U.S. government explain to the public why it did what it did.
But, of course, that assumes Americans will still be alive, even if Russians are not; and, so, if the “proportionate” response turns out to be a blitz nuclear attack against Russia, then anyone who is still alive will be wondering: what was it ‘proportionate' to?
The United States is no longer — at least not in Syria — actually fighting the thing that Trump calls “extremist Islamic terrorism”: we are instead arming Al Qaeda in Syria to overthrow and replace Putin's ally, Bashar al-Assad, there. All of the U.S. government's talk against “ISIL” (the Sauds' preferred acronym for “ISIS”) is mere distraction from the tens of thousands of other jihadist fighters from other jihadist groups that have also been imported by the U.S. and Saudi governments into Syria as Obama's and the Sauds' “boots on the ground” to overthrow Assad there. The leadership now for all of those jihadist groups (except for ISIS itself) is, in fact, Al Qaeda in Syria, which has gone under the name “al-Nusra.” Nusra is supplying the leadership now to all the jihadist factions that have been sent into Syria; Nusra is the only jihadist group that possesses the long experience and training in jihad and military matters, which is needed in order to be able to overthrow Assad. Al Qaeda is now America's essential ally, at doing what the U.S. government most wants to do: overthrow and replace Assad. The U.S. is deadly serious about that intention, as can be seen here from the NBC News preview video of their interview with Biden, from which the above quotations are sourced. Looking at Biden's face there, one can see that this is deadly serious. This isn't about sexual aggression — either Donald Trump's or Bill Clinton's — it's about the survival of civilization, or else nuclear war.
There have been many reports in the U.S. press saying that Obama has, ever since at least October 6th, been contemplating an all-out U.S. bombing campaign to bring down Assad. But that would mean war with Russia, which has been actively bombing Nusra and all the other jihadists in Syria.
Hillary Clinton is urging a “no-fly zone” in Syria, so that we can do to Assad what we did to another ally of Moscow, Muammar Gaddafi. However, when that was done to Gaddafi, Putin stood aside and wasn't supplying military assistance to Gaddafi, which would have enabled Gaddafi to wipe out the fundamentalist Muslims who were trying to overthrow him. Russia is involved actively, this time, to prevent happening in Syria what happened in Libya. A no-fly zone in Syria would thus mean U.S. war against Russia.
These are tense times. Any escalation that the U.S. can do against Russia, can be met by an escalation that Russia can do against the United States.
Consequently, whatever escalation Obama is now threatening against Putin, might be met by an escalation on the other side. Where will it stop, or would it even be able to stop?
Whatever escalation Obama might consider to be ‘proportionate', could consequently end up ending the world as we know it — and not for the better. Hillary Clinton has threatened Putin with war; now Barack Obama has done likewise.
Whatever Biden's assignment here actually was from Obama, one thing about it is clear: this President is determined that Hillary Clinton be their successor, and Obama will target anyone who gets in their way if they don't win their way on this. And Obama wants the American public to know that this is how they feel about the matter.
This Biden-interview is really intended, in that sense, to be a threat aimed at America's voters, telling them, telling each one of us: Vote for Hillary Clinton, or else! He's not telling us what that “or else!” is going to be — and maybe they themselves have no accurate idea of how far it will ultimately cycle and go. Ultimately, whatever they think it would be, might not turn out to be the last step in this cycle of escalation — unless it's going to go directly to a blitz attack against Russia.
Obama is thus coercing us, before they coerce Putin. He's telling us: If we vote against Hillary Clinton — if they lose this election — then President Obama has something in mind that we won't like — and they won't wait until the next President is inaugurated on 20 January 2017 to do it, whatever ‘it' might be. Obama here is threatenting not only Vladimir Putin, but the American people. Even if Obama truly believes that they alone possesses all the power, they do not, unless they possess the power to terrorize America's voters to elect Hillary Clinton, even if we otherwise would not.
—————
Investigative historian Eric Zuesse is the author, most recently, of They're Not Even Close: The Democratic vs. Republican Economic Records, 1910-2010, and of CHRIST'S VENTRILOQUISTS: The Event that Created Christianity.
Greetings all,
Today I would like to share my thoughts on the ZPacks Carbon Fiber Staff.
I, like I suspect a fair number of people, have been through a number of hiking poles over the years. I think my first pair of hiking poles was the GGLT4's. They caused me too much frustration, so I switched to the Komperdell Vario 4 poles. They were too flimsy so I switched to the Black Diamond Alpine Carbon Cork poles. They are really heavy but they are the best trekking poles I have ever encountered. Along the way I tried switching away from using poles, and back to using them, and back to not using them.
I know some hikers that have to use them. I know other hikers that cannot use them. I know hikers that swear they refuse to hit the trail without them, and hikers that have hiked tens of thousands of miles and never used them. In the world of hiking they really are a HYOH piece of gear.
Sometime during the early 2013 season I just gave up on poles all together.
But I still found myself in need of a pole for those times when I would be crossing technical terrain, typically crossing rivers while out scouting new trail routes. I tried using the BDACC but it was just not long enough. I needed something longer than even the Komperdell and able to really be weight bearing while out in the middle of a river. So I asked around, and I look around, and nothing.
When Joe Valesko (owner of ZPacks) and I were at the 2014 PCT Kickoff (adzpctko) we got talking about the carbon fiber staff they built for themselves and they mentioned that if I ever wanted one to just drop them an email. A few months later, April I think it was, I got around to sending Joe an email to see if they were still interested in making me one – along the lines of the carbon fiber poles we see in the hiking photos at the zpacks website (no, not this one silly, like this one!) but a bit taller for my needs.
After a few emails talking about how to handle a few manufacturing issues, they went ahead and bought a batch of the carbon fiber rods (a rather expensive investment on their part I am sure) and I sent them some funds to cover mine. A few days after the rods arrived I got a message saying my hiking staff was on its way for me to try out.
I do not have a lot of miles on mine at this point, but so far I have been extremely pleased with it.
Features:
In regards to features, there is not much here to explain that the ZPacks website does not go into detail about. You basically have a carbon fiber shaft that breaks down into three (or four, to be technical) sections, which has some cordage inside of it (dyneema) to hold all of the pieces together. During conversations with Joe one of the things I stressed was making sure it would pack down in a short-size, for storage inside of backpacks or on the outside side pockets. The 21.5″ (54.5 cm) of packed length is a pretty good size. It could have been shorter but this would have added weight (significant) as a result of the amount of ferrules it would take to get the max-length and the very short pack length. The numbers just do not make sense.
On the bottom end you have a brass lug and on the top end you have some cordage and a cap.
There is a bit of the dyneema cordage that comes down the top of the shaft. This is necessary in order to give the cordage extra room for when you take it apart as well as to keep the different sections together. I have never had my cordage slip down inside of the shaft, as the rubber cap is a pretty tight fit.
It would just be comical to sit here and put things like the GG LT4's and/or the LG CP3's or even the Komperdell poles up against the ZPacks Carbon Fiber Staff when it comes to the strength of carbon fiber being used, so no need to even go there. The only other product I know of that uses about the same grade/thickness of carbon fiber rods that ZPacks is using is the LuxuryLite BigStik, but it is $45 more expensive and 127.57 grams (4.5 ounces) heavier, so no need to go with that option either. Obviously it would be unfair to compare the ZPacks Carbon Fiber Staff to the Pacer Poles, as those are such a unique product that nothing can really compare to them.
Staff vs Trekking Poles:
So I am sure a bunch of folks are going to want to know “why use a staff over a traditional trekking pole?”
My question would be, “Why use a trekking pole over a staff?”
I suppose it all comes down to your style of hiking. HYOH. YMMV. All that good stuff. Do you use a hiking poles to thrust you along? Why? Do you use a hiking pole to provide stability? Do you use a hiking pole just because everybody else around you does? Are you a type of hiker that likes having one or two extra ‘legs'?
The simple answer here to these questions is very simple: hike how you want to hike the way you want to hike with what you want to hike. Its not my place to tell you what trekking pole or staff to use, or what works best for you.
I watch people using traditional trekking poles and most the time laugh under my breath because of their apparent total ignorance of how to properly use them. Let me ask you this: should your poles move together in parallel, or should one move forward while the other moves backwards. Watch any group of hikers with poles and you will understand why I ask this. Understand the reason for this anomaly among hikers and you'll understand why I am pointing this out.
So really, the answer to should you use a ZPacks Carbon Fiber Staff or should you use a single or pair of traditional trekking poles comes down to nothing more than you using whatever works for you.
In other words, asking the question “why use a staff over a traditional trekking pole?” shouldn't even be asked, because there is no right or wrong answer to that question. Again, use whatever works for you.
For me, it is just a matter that I had given up using trekking poles, they just could not meet the needs I had for them. Simple as that. Nothing more than that. For the purposes that I want one with me, I want something that is as light as can be, can be packed down as small as can be (because I won't be using it 90% of the time) and yet when it comes out to be used, I need to – I HAVE TO – know its going to be as strong and durable as possible to ensure that I remain standing when I need it the most. I also need it to be significantly taller than a traditional trekking pole – when crossing a river, it often gets stuck out four or five feet ahead of me, and then shifts to the downstream side, and back in front, and back to the side, and so forth – the extra length, in order to prod the rocks and ground as I cross a river, is vital. Its thickness and ability to support my weight if I slip on a moss-covered-slippery-as-hell-rock, is also vital. If I am boulder-crossing having something super tough to wedge down as I cross is vital. And, when in really deep snow, having something super tough and this long is soooo nice. But again, YMMV.
For those accustomed to a traditional hiking pole with a fancy cork or rubber grip, there is some getting use to holding onto a straight shaft while hiking. If you are one of those who use your hiking pole as a means of thrusting yourself down, or up, the trail — something I think is bad form, unless you are using pacer poles — a straight hiking staff is not going to be for you. But as I do not use my hiking poles as a means of forward movement, but rather to provide stability, the lack of a fancy-dance grip is utterly inconsequential.
Use As A Shelter Support:
The ZPacks Carbon Fiber Staff comes apart at most of the common lengths for most shelters that use a trekking pole. It may not be the exact/perfect height, but it tends to fit, or at least work, for most of the common shelters used by the SUL hiking community. Those being: the full 60-inches, or 52-inches or 48-inches. This makes it worth with the ZPacks Hexamid, ZPacks SolPlex, ZPacks Duplex perfectly. The ZPacks Altaplex is either 2 inches too tall or 2 inches too short, depending on which length of the Staff you have taken apart, but either should be good enough, depending on weather conditions.
It can also work really well with the MLD TrailStar. It will also work with the MLD DuoMID but like the ZPacks AltaPlex, is going to be a couple inches too short or too high for a perfect pitch or weather dependent.
It can also be used with the crazy popular SMD Gatewood Cape.
In other words, pretty much any shelter that can be setup anywhere in the 48-60 inch range is going to be able to use the ZPacks Carbon Fiber Staff as a shelter support. It may not be “perfect” but I think most of us experienced hikers know that shelter height is usually dependent upon how the weather is. The different heights of the ZPacks Carbon Fiber Staff allows for this type of flexibility.
These days I have fallen in love with the ZPacks Duplex shelter. When I ordered it I also ordered two dedicated carbon fiber tent poles from ZPacks. I just find it easier to go with dedicated poles. This allows me the flexibility to set up my shelter as a base-camp and then continue to use my Staff the next few days as I am out scouting different routes for whatever trail I happen to be building. For when I am on a thru-hike it allows me to have the staff for other type of things – usually nothing, but sometimes I use it as a way to hold-up the head-end of the shelter, for if I cannot find a good stick for that purpose. It can also be used to help gather water from a river, just tie my cooking pot or water containers onto the end of it, and I can stay nice and dry, or reach water that is down out of reach.
And, at 60-inches, it gives you an extra 5-8 inches of additional length over most trekking poles out there… which makes it nice to get that snake out of the trail that seems to be enjoying a nice day in the sun, and won't move. A rather risky venture, but I'll always take a few extra inches for such a time as that. (this is where I would normally insert the standard don't-be-an-idiot disclaimer)
Camera Mount:
A lot of folks have expressed interest in having a camera mount for the staff as there is none.
I had originally hoped that the Suluk46 “A-Pod” (a collaborative product between Suluk46 and myself – and the world's lightest manufactured camera pod for traditional trekking poles) would work but the diameter of the carbon fiber rod was just a tiny bit too large.
So I went into my gear box and pulled out my Pedco UltraPod Mini and my Mini Ball Head Camera Mount and gave them a try, and sure enough, they have proven to work well enough to support my iPhone 6+ for shooting photos and video.
This combo provides a good enough mono-pod for me.
Repair:
I have not had any issues with the carbon fiber rod, or the ferrules. That said, such things are bound to happen to somebody at some point in time.
Those of us who use cuben fiber shelters probably already carry cuben fiber repair tape.
ZPacks has put together some instructions of how to repair any ferrules that might come loose by using the cuben fiber repair tape.
It is so good of an idea that all Staffs from now on are going to be manufactured this way.
In Closing:
So to bring this to a closure.
As explained, I have been through, used and gave up on, most of the major trekking poles that we hikers tend to use. The BDACC are the only ones I have ever owned that have remained in my backpack. But even they have tended to be left at home, even before I got the ZPacks Carbon Fiber Staff because they just were not long enough for what I needed a trekking pole or staff for.
The highlights of the ZPacks Carbon Fiber Staff are, for me, as follows:
Durable enough to hold my weight should I stumble or fall
Long enough to do probing through deep river crossings
Packs down small enough to fit inside my backpacks, even my pocketless backpacks.
Extra tough carbon fiber shaft that does not snap if it gets stuck between rocks (something that haunts lesser durable trekking poles)
An amazing price considering the cost of this thickness of carbon fiber and the man-hours to build one of these.
Is the ZPacks Carbon Fiber Staff going to be for everybody? No, by no means and of course not. But for those of you that are already a “one-pole hiker” like I am, and are looking for something longer and stronger than the current options, the ZPacks Carbon Fiber Staff is going to be something to buy. Give it a few hikes and I think you will fall in love with it, like I have. It has already saved me countless falls in rivers and crossing really rocking areas, and even while climbing up some rather technical climbs. It is the only pole/staff I take with me anymore. It has my full trust – and that is saying something I rarely say.
Thank you,
+John Abela
HikeLighter.Com
In accordance of USA Federal Trade Commission 16 CFR, Part 255: I hereby declare that at the time this article is published that I am a sponsored hiker of Black Rock Gear, Montbell US, Suluk46, Sun Precautions, Suntactics.
Free National and State Guard Hunting Licenses Members of the Washington National and State Guard are eligible for free hunting licenses under a measure approved by the Washington State Legislature in 2016. Under that law, qualified applicants can receive a free annual licensing package that includes a big-game license (deer, elk, bear, and cougar with tags) and a small game license with a migratory bird permit. This free licensing package is available only to Washington state residents who are active, full-time members of the National and State Guard, or who participate in drill training with these military units on a part-time basis. Those interested in receiving this license package must submit a printed application to the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife (WDFW), along with: Verification of Service
A copy of your valid Washington State driver's license to verify state residency.
to verify state residency. A copy of your hunter education certificate, unless you were born before Jan. 1, 1972 or have previously purchased a Washington hunting license. WDFW also accepts hunter education certifications from other states. If you fail to provide these documents, WDFW will not process your application . In addition, any outstanding fees incurred for failing to report hunting activities in the previous year must be paid before a new hunting license will be issued. For those who need to complete a hunter education course, Washington State law provides an exemption from the firearms-skills portion of the online course for active and honorably discharged members of the U.S. military – including members of the National and State Guard based in, or residents of, Washington. How to Apply Open and print the National and State Guard Hunting License Application. Determine the hunting season in which you want to participate. To assist you, review the Big Game Hunting Seasons & Regulations and Migratory Waterfowl & Upland Game Seasons regulations on WDFW's website. You MUST select the weapon type for your deer tag and the weapon type and hunt area (eastern WA or western WA) for your elk tag. If you decide to pick these up at a later time, you will pay a $0.50 dealer fee per tag. You MUST answer all of the Harvest Information Program (HIP) questions listed on the front of the application in order to obtain your small game license and migratory bird permit. (HIP is a federal program responsible for generating estimates of hunting activity and the number of all migratory birds harvested. This information is used by biologists to assist them in managing migratory birds.) Sign and date your application after you have completed it. Check to make sure you have copies of your Verification of Service document, Washington State driver's license and hunter education certificate (if applicable). Send your completed application to WDFW along with the other required documentation one of three ways: Mail it to the department's main office at:
WDFW Licensing Division
PO Box 43154
Olympia, WA 98504
WDFW Licensing Division PO Box 43154 Olympia, WA 98504 Fax the application materials to (360) 902-2466.
Submit your application materials in person at the WDFW main office:
1st floor of the Natural Resource Building
1111 Washington St SE
Olympia, WA 98501
Office hours: 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Please allow two weeks for processing. If you do not receive an email confirming your hunting licenses have been issued after two weeks, please contact our office at (360) 902-2464, TDD (360) 902-2207.
Story highlights Michael Bloomberg is spending $50 million to stem the tide of gun violence
Jill Koyama: We need a federal policy rather than piecemeal state legislation
They say we need to strengthen background checks and ban assault weapons
Koyama: We must find a way to preserve individual rights and reduce gun violence
Former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg plans to spend $50 million of their own money to build a state-by-state grass-roots network focused on stemming the tide of gun violence by expanding the background check system for gun buyers.
Their new organization, Everytown for Gun Safety , will bring together Mayors Against Illegal Guns and Moms Demand Actions for Gun Sense in America, two gun control groups they already fund. Everytown for Gun Safety will focus on 15 states because, Bloomberg says, we've got to work at gun control "piece by piece."
There's no disputing that gun violence in America needs to be tackled. Bloomberg is making a sizable investment, $30 million more than what the NRA -- the largest U.S. lobby group for gun rights -- spent in the 2012 election cycle.
But there are two problems. First, do we want mega-rich individuals to influence public policy or sway voters with their wealth? And, second, just as we need a federal immigration policy instead of piecemeal state legislation, don't we need a federal gun control policy?
Jill Koyama
I grew up in a family that owned guns. My father was a homicide detective and a member of the police department's SWAT team. They were also a hunter, as was my maternal grandfather. My stepfather, as a member of the Air Force, was well-trained in firearms.
As a child, I was taught the basics of gun safety, and I often accompanied one of these men when they honed their hunting skills through target practice or skeet shooting. Even though I was familiar with guns, they scared me, and I often worried that my father would be fatally shot by a criminal. This worry ended when they retired from the police force, but my fear of guns persisted.
The recent fatal shootings at Fort Hood and the Jewish Center in Kansas City have again brought my gun fears to the surface. I do not welcome the fears, but I do appreciate how the shootings have renewed the debate about gun control in Washington. Perhaps Bloomberg's new gun control group will fuel the debate further.
Bloomberg isn't the only one who cares about this issue, but they may be the most prominent. We need more big voices to get involved in solving the problem of senseless gun violence in America. But we also need to get some basic facts straight.
-- Guns kill. The Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence reports that an average of 86 people are killed by guns every day in the United States. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention report that between 2000 and 2010, more than 300,000 people died from guns.
-- Guns are the most common weapon used in murders and manslaughters . Handguns comprised 72.5% of the firearms used in murder and non-negligent manslaughter incidents in 2011: 4.1% were with shotguns, 3.8% were with rifles,18.5% were with unspecified firearms.
-- Children are often victims of gun violence. Eighty-two children under 5 years old died from firearms in 2010, and half of all juveniles killed in the same year were killed with a gun. As reported by the Office of Juvenile Justice and Delinquency Prevention, nearly three times more children were injured by firearms in 2010 than the number of U.S. soldiers wounded in action the same year in the war in Afghanistan.
-- Guns kill young African-American men more than anything else. In deaths of 15- to 24-year-olds, firearms homicide rates in the United States are about 43 times higher than in other developed countries, and for young African-American men ages 15-24, it's the leading cause of death . For African-American male youth, firearms homicides surpass unintentional injuries, cancer, HIV and other diseases combined.
Of course, gun rights advocates often point out that people don't need guns to kill. They can use other weapons such as knives. This is true, but in practice people are nowhere near as likely to get killed with a knife. In America, of 14,022 homicides in 2011, 11,101 were committed with firearms . The rate of fatality is nearly four times higher when someone uses a gun rather than a knife to assault another person.
Stronger background screenings of potential gun owners would be a good start to curtailing firearm deaths. A study to be published in a forthcoming issue of Journal of Urban Health shows that when Missouri repealed a handgun law in 2007 that required all handgun purchasers to verify that they had passed a background check, the murder rate increased by 16%, adding 55 to 63 murders per year.
Even before the results of the study were released, many Americans -- including most gun owners -- supported universal background checks. That's just one reason for Congress to pick up the issue of gun control again. Another is that since the shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown, Connecticut, which was the last time there was a serious debate about gun control, there have been 44 more school shootings and 28 deaths
Now that the debate has again been sparked, let's try to find ways that would both preserve individual rights and make guns less responsible for deaths.
common sense approach is offered in the 2013 book "Reducing Gun Violence in America: Informing Policy with Evidence and Analysis" by Daniel Webster and Jon Vernick, with a forward by Michael Bloomberg. We should strengthen background checks, ban assault weapons and magazines that fire more than 10 rounds, and fund research on what actually works to end gun violence.
If you agree, please follow something my father, an avid gun lover, liked to say: We need to make it tough to get guns because too many careless people use them to end petty arguments and squabbles. Let's not try to do it state by state. Let's take a stance as a nation.
Review by JoshB
This is another 3-pack I picked up on clearance at Tattoine Traders, the gift shop outside of Star Tours in Disneyland. Muppets are cool. Star Wars is cool. Put them together and you get something double cool.
This set contains Uncle Deadly, Gonzo and Chicken as Emporer Palpatine, Darth Vader and Royal Guard. It comes on a blister card that evokes the feeling of classic Star Wars figures.
Gonzo as Darth Vader is a genius choice, and is actually something they did on the Muppet show as "Dearth Nadir". They come with an interchangeable head, removable cape, cowl and lightsaber.
Although just labeled "Chicken", I prefer to think of this chicken as "Camilla", Gonzo's main squeeze. Here they are as an amazing Royal Guard with removable helmet.
My favorite figure in the entire series has to be this Uncle Deadly. Parody or not, this is a great action figure. Uncle Deadly has 10 points of articulation and the cloak is a separate, rubber layer. It's great fun and one of the figures I keep on my desk when I work.
Uncle Deadly includes a cane, lightsaber, and force lightning effects that clip onto the wrists.
I really should track down the rest of these sets.
View the full image album
Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy's cabinet approved the bill during an emergency meeting in Madrid on Tuesday. The government was forced to react to the king's announcement, as there is currently no legislation setting out the conditions for the abdication and succession of a monarch.
The legislation still has to pass through both houses of parliament before it can come into force. The president of the Spanish Congress, Jesus Posada, told reporters on Tuesday that they expected this to be completed by June 18.
As Prime Minister Rajoy's People's Party has a large majority, the legislation is expected to pass through Congress easily.
'Simple' legislation
The president of Congress' constitutional commission, Arturo Garcia Tizon said the nature of the draft should also allow lawmakers to wave it through without much debate.
"I think it will be a very simple piece of legislation, very short, lacking complexity, and that will allow Congress to be processed in single reading," they said in an interview with the private radio station Onda Cero.
It's still not clear when the actual succession will happen, as this is a matter to be negotiated between the royal family and parliament. The royal palace said on Tuesday that it could happen in "three to six weeks."
Surprise announcement
King Juan Carlos surprised many on Monday by announcing their intention to relinquish the throne after a reign of nearly four decades.
They came to power in 1975, two days after the death of longtime dictator Francisco Franco, who had named Juan Carlos as their successor. The king subsequently oversaw Spain's transition from dictatorship to democracy.
Popularity dips
Popular in their early years as Spain's head of state, they have seen their approval rating dip following a string of royal scandals.
Their image took a blow after taking a luxury elephant-hunting vacation in the middle of Spain's financial crisis in April 2012. They broke their right hip during the trip and had to be flown on a private jet from Botswana back to Spain for medical treatment.
In 2010, a corruption investigation was opened against former Olympic handball player Inaki Urdangarin, the husband of the king's youngest daughter, Cristina. They have also been accused of involvement in the scandal but denies knowledge of their husband's business dealings.
Prince Felipe, 46, is a former Olympic yachtsman and has remained relatively unscathed amid the family scandals. They married former television producer Letizia Ortiz in 2004.
pfd/ipj (dpa, Reuters, AP)
First allow me to state that I believe Larry Bird is one of the greatest players in NBA history. They have been one of the most important and iconic players in professional basketball, and as a result of their epic battles versus Magic Johnson and the Los Angeles Lakers during the late 80's and early 1990s' – they helped rejuvenate a struggling professional basketball league and delivered some of the greatest and most talked about sports rivalries in the NBA.
Not all great basketball players translate to being great general managers, coaches, and team presidents. Just ask Isaiah Thomas, Michael Jordan, and Kevin McHale – all Hall of Fame players but mediocre in their overall performance at the executive level. While Larry Bird shouldn't be added to the list mentioned above, they did execute a terrible decision in which I believe is the primary reason the Indiana Pacers will NEVER win a championship – they decided to trade Danny Granger, the most experienced and proven player for the Indiana Pacers.
Danny Granger was the face and the premiere player for the Indiana Pacers franchise for more than five seasons, and was well on their way to becoming an NBA superstar. Unfortunately, In the 2012-2013 season, Granger only played 5 games due to patellar tendinitis. As Granger remained sidelined with injury – Paul George emerged as one of premiere player in the Eastern Conference. Then again we are talking about the east. I'll let that marinate for a second.
True, Granger was in fact injured and their recovery was doubtful, but they were the heart and soul of the Indiana Pacers and played an important “big brother” role in the development of Paul George. Sadly, Larry Bird got caught up in the superstar hype which surrounded George throughout the 2013 NBA season and decided to cut the cord on Granger. George certainly show significant signs of being a superstar caliber player, unfortunately their inconsistency began to rear its ugly head after the post-Granger era, and the Indiana Pacers began to spiral downward, as the team came close to losing their No. 1 seed in the Eastern Conference and also on the brink of being upset by the Atlanta Hawks during the first round of the 2014 NBA playoffs.
Lets not forget the player the Pacers acquired in the trade for Granger, Evan Turner. They were a proven scorer for a Philadelphia 76ers team that lacked talent, but as a member of the Pacers team, Turner proved to be just another slightly above average player good enough to ride the bench the entire post-season. At least Danny Granger served as an asset to the Los Angeles Clippers during the Playoffs. I wish I could say the same about Evan Turner.
Moral of the story is this, you should never underestimate player chemistry. As a player, Larry Bird never experienced the loss of an important teammate and mentor during their tenor in the NBA because they were the most important player on their team. So why should they make decisions that could be detrimental to the success of the organization? For this reason alone, the Indiana Pacers will never advance to the NBA finals, not under Larry Birds watch.
Congratulations to the Miami Heat, you exposed the Pacers for what they are – an inexperienced team with major character flaws.
Larry Bird should be in the hot seat.
Alan Jackson will have country fans and tourists ready for a good time in downtown Nashville when AJ's Good Time Bar opens at 421 Broadway. The location was home to The Wheel and The Wheel Cigar Bar. The three-story, 6,000-square-foot venue was purchased for $5.75 million, and will feature a rooftop bar.
“I always wanted to own a honky-tonk that plays real country music on Broadway that I could put my name on,” said Jackson, who is also a partner in the popular downtown restaurant Acme Feed & Seed.
Jackson is the latest country artist to announce a bar in downtown Nashville. Dierks Bentley recently announced plans to open a Whiskey Row establishment in 2017 at 400 Broadway. Big & Rich's John Rich is also set to open a Redneck Riviera bar at 208-210 Broadway in late 2016.
Share this story: Facebook
Twitter
Email
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Google
A green verification line is seen on the ice, parallel to the goal line and set back slightly more than 3 inches (size of the puck) during the NHL Research Development and Orientation Camp. (Photo: Dave Sandford/NHLI) A green verification line is seen on the ice, parallel to the goal line and set back slightly more than 3 inches (size of the puck) during the NHL Research Development and Orientation Camp.
What did I like from the first day of the 2011 NHL Research, Development and Orientation Camp? I like the ideas that make sense. And I have to say, there were a lot of ideas that made different degrees of sense during the first two sessions.Let's start with the "verification line." That's a very dramatic phrase, huh? The verification line! For that reason alone, I like it.By definition, the "verification line" is a line drawn parallel to the goal line, set back slightly more than three inches from the goal line. The reason it makes so much sense to me is it allows the League's video review team another way to judge whether the puck is completely across the goal line. How many times were we left scratching our heads about that in the past?The answer to that question: too many.The additional line would provide definitive proof on whether a goal had actually been scored. If the puck makes any contact with that line, clearly the three-inch disc is completely over the goal line. Good idea!Shallow nets were another smart idea presented on Wednesday. To the eye, the nets look no different. In fact, one GM said they could tell no difference from their spot in the stands. In reality, though, they were just 40 inches deep as opposed to the current 44-inch standard.The shallow net allows for more room to operate behind the net, it creates new passing lanes into the scoring areas and it allows for easier wrap-around attempts by attacking forwards. Makes sense, right? Let's do it!Another no-brainer for me is the idea of the goalies switching ends for the regular season overtime period. If we're looking to improve the odds of deciding games in the four-on-four portion of the extra session, why not create the long-change situation that we see in the second period. According to the League's hockey operations group, over the past 11 seasons, 37 percent of all goals have been scored in the middle period as opposed to 30 percent in the opening period and 33 percent in the final period.Actually, I thought they might implement that change last season when there was a real concern from the League about the rising number of shootouts. I don't know if it'll make the cut this year, but it makes a lot sense to me.There was some concern about opposing goalies maybe ripping up the crease before leaving for the other end of the rink. No self-respecting goalie would do that, right? Well, if they did, I think you could solve that potential problem pretty quickly by slapping the offending netminder with a penalty.I really like that the League is taking a good look at ways to improve the level of fairness in the faceoff circle. They tried several different tweaks during the two sessions. I thought the idea of having the same linesman dropping the puck for all faceoffs is smart. It brings a consistency to the drop. Players, coaches, executives and fans all like consistency.While I'm not necessarily sold on it, I was intrigued by the idea of penalizing a center for a faceoff violation by having them move back to a second line drawn a foot further from the dot. That would leave them at a clear disadvantage for the ensuing faceoff. In this system, if you cheat enough, a center's faceoff percentage could be adversely impacted. As NHL Network analyst and former player Mike Johnson astutely points out, centers worry about that particular stat.Finally, the decision to install curved glass near the bench seems like a wise move, particularly in light of the nasty Zdeno Chara -Max Pacioretty incident from last season. The curved glass would allow the impacted player to slide more, reducing the dramatic impact of a direct collision with the "turnbuckle." That idea is probably overdue.On Thursday, we get a look at the "hybrid" icing and the "bear hug" rule (that would allow a player to wrap up an opponent when taking them into the boards). If they make sense, I'll be all for them. I'll have a better idea about that after I see them in practice tomorrow.
(NaturalNews) Every two years, a consortium of Europe's most active minds converges at the Euroscience Open Forum to discuss the latest advancements in scientific research and innovation. But this year's meeting, which was held in Dublin, Ireland, featured a disturbing workshop held by White House executive pastry chef Bill Yosses, who explained and demonstrated to audience members how the food of the future will not actually contain real food, but rather various combinations of lab-created chemicals that mimic food.As reported on, a feature of RTE News in Ireland, Yosses and several other food experts showed a live audience how to create various foams, gels, solids, and other food-like textured substances out of chemicals that, when combined, resemble things like lemon souffle and chocolate pudding. These food scientists then shared samples of these laboratory creations with audience members, who were told that the imitation food products are the wave of the future."You take the (chemical) compounds and you make the dish," said Herve This of, a science and research organization based in France, toin Ireland. "So you have no vegetables, no fruit, no meat, no fish, nothing except compounds. And you have to create a shape, a color, a taste, a freshness, a pungency, an astringency, everything," they added, likening traditional cooking methods such as "cracking eggs" and using real food ingredients to "living in the Middle Ages."White House executive pastry chef Bill Yosses shares a similar sentiment, as they believe creating fake food out of chemicals will actually help improve the quality of cuisine and availability of food. They toldthat chefs can use the information they presented to gain a "(better) understanding of what they're doing and use that to improve the processes, to improve not only the flavor but the hygiene, the longevity, how to store things.""All that comes about from understanding cooking on a really molecular level," they added, with sort of twinkle in their eye. But when they were asked if these same chemical food experiments are used at the White House in meals served to the Obamas, Yosses laughed and said no, explaining that "the First Family is looking for traditional, sort of 'happy recipes' that people are familiar with."You can watch the disturbing segment in its entirety at:While intended to specifically showcase some of the more offbeat scientific developments circulating the "technosphere" today, the Euroscience Open Forum, including the troubling seminar on chemical-based "foods of the future," is actually a troubling foreshadowing of what may soon come for Americans. Some scientists are apparently of the strong persuasion that human-made food items are preferable to natural foods, and the former is what they hope the public will eventually accept.The average person, in other words, will eventually be expected to happily eat green gelatin-like blobs made of chemical compounds, along with ambiguous cracker products that resemble "Soylent Green," while the White House and the world's other elites continue to eat wholesome, natural foods, including those hand-picked from Michelle Obama's organic garden.
On Friday afternoon, Donald Trump's campaign officially announced the presumptive Republican nominee will not debate Bernie Sanders, despite what Trump had said earlier, because it would be “inappropriate” for the GOP candidate to “debate the second place finisher.”
And if there's one thing Donald Trump is concerned about, it's avoiding anything that might be perceived as “inappropriate.”
But in issuing the candidate's position on the matter, Trump also said what many of the Vermont senator's most ardent supporters fervently believe: the Democratic nominating process is “totally rigged” against Sanders.
Does the senator themselves believe this? CBS's John Dickerson asked Sanders for their perspective on “Face the Nation” aired on Sunday, and the candidate's answer seemed quite fair.
“What has upset me, and what I think is – I wouldn't use the word rigged, because we knew what the words were – but what is really dumb is that you have closed primaries, like in New York state, where three million people who are Democrats or Republicans could not participate, where you have situation where over 400 superdelegates came on board Clinton's campaign before anybody else was in the race, eight months before the first vote was cast. “That's not rigged. I think it's just a dumb process which has certainly disadvantaged our campaign.”
I suspect the response might have disappointed some Sanders supporters who are heavily invested in the idea that the system has been manipulated, deliberately, by party officials for the express purpose of making it impossible for the senator to prevail, but Sanders' response on Sunday made a fair amount of sense.
It may seem pointless, but it's worth appreciating the difference between a process that's “rigged” and one in which an underdog faces institutional challenges that are difficult to overcome.
“Rigged” implies some kind of nefarious scheme, tilting the playing field to ensure a predetermined outcome. In this sense, there's nothing “rigged” about the race for the Democratic nomination: both Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton were aware of the lay of the land in advance; both understood what it would take to succeed; both created game plans based on the existing rules, and both recognized that those rules, some of which were established years in advance, would remain unaltered once the process began in earnest.
In other words, as Sanders themselves now acknowledges, the fix wasn't in. The Sanders and Clinton campaigns played by the agreed upon rules, and one campaign appears to have come out on top by earning more pledged delegates, superdelegates, votes, and contests.
It's precisely what made the senator's comments on Sunday so noteworthy: Sanders doesn't see a conspiracy or nefarious scheme, but they do see a “dumb” nominating process in need of reform. Are they right? Maybe! In Democratic politics, I suspect there are very few people who would look at the existing system and say it's 100% flawless and any proposed changes must be rejected out of hand.
Indeed, if Sanders and their backers want to take this opportunity to push for changes – to the system of superdelegates, to caucuses, to the registration process, to the state convention process, to opening nominating contests up to Republicans and Independents, etc. – there's every reason for the party to have a spirited debate. There's evidence that suggests Clinton would have come out on top under alternative processes – more Democrats want them to be the Democratic nominee – but what matters is the underlying principle, not embracing the scenario that changes the results in an ideologically satisfying way.
The First Lady posted a picture of themselves with Alexis Bledel on Snapchat today
Michelle Obama looks like they will guest star in the upcoming Gilmore Girlsrevival.
Gilmore Girls: A Year In The Life will air on Netflix later this year and features many of the original cast, including Lauren Graham (Lorelai Gilmore), Alexis Bledel (Rory Gilmore) and a guest appearance from Melissa McCarthy (Sookie St. James).
Obama posted a photo of themselves with Bledel on their Snapchat account today, with the caption “It's Rory! More coming soon…”
As AV Club reports, the series' 2007 finale revolved around a storyline where Bledel's character left their Stars Hollow hometown to join the campaign trail with Barack Obama.
There are no details of exactly what the First Lady's cameo in the show's forthcoming return will be.
Yesterday, it was announced that Michelle Obama would also appear on James Corden's Carpool Karaoke.
Sharethrough (Mobile)
The presenter was reported to have been at the White House yesterday (June 21) to record the segment. Again, there are no details of what Obama will sing or when the piece will air.
There is a simple difference between the modern perspective of memory and the Buddhist perspective of memory.
So what is it?
In the modern understanding the brain is the storage device of the mind ("Mind" being a neurological phenomenon).
So to science it is a "As long as a being live" story,so their understanding fits the currently accepted version of scientific truth. Because as to them a creature grows it's brain with age,use it while it is alive and the memories die with the death of the creature.
Science will no longer proceed to a new theory because they have cemented their version of truth with this "only biological understanding!"
So what is the less explained Buddhist perspective?
As Buddhists we do not believe in a "Soul",Now this brings a lot of riddles on to the table because in any other religion "Soul" is like a "Log Book" so for them it is end of story!
If you try to find an answer from already existing sources of Buddhism you will see a certain paradox. Which is nothing else but the complete ignoring of the biological side of this story.
The double paradoxes
If you take a look at the Scientific perspective you will see the exact opposite version of this paradox. Which is the complete ignoring of the Mental side of this story.
The conclusion
How some people recall past lives
As Buddhism teaches experiences are collected from the senses and stored in "Vinyana" (We need to translate this as "Memory").
This "Vinyana" seems to be the word used for both MIND and MEMORY,like it is a combination of those two.
We know different parts of the brain work with different senses of the body.and this spark a lot of neurological activities (I believe these are the "Sith or thoughts").so for sceince this is only brain activity but to Buddhism this is the mind being created by events,thought and logic.
The simple thing you must understand is,The scientific theory of mind is based on how brain works,But Buddhism theory of mind is what fuels the brain activity and how to make it controllable.Because normal chaotic brain activity is not Buddhism way of a perfect mind.These is the "Duel Paradoxes".
Memories of a Previous Life:
Brains of Buddhist monks scanned in meditation study
buddhist monk displays unheard of brain activity while meditating
This Vinyana seems to be quite like a computers memory.
Imagine it this way...
If you copy files from your computer to your phone you can still see them working the same way, just like the memories of a person.
As Buddhism says in the moment of death a beings mind creates a backup copy of itself which will take residence in the next life this creature is about to live.So this is how the information about memories travel.this is not one set of memories traveling it is a copy of the original set of memories from the being.
As for how some are able to recall,it is not explained in Buddhism but if someone do a good karma and wish for it then it will happen,but there is no other way explained in records.
[Please refer "Abhidhamma" for more details]
So how does the memory work?
Memories are not actually real - buddhist view of memories
Memories are collected details reconstructed by the brain.So the senses of a body gather data (vibrations,light) and the vinyanas dedicated to those senses create the image or the sound and etc.,this is then collected by the "Mano vinyana" to create thought and logic.These are then stored as memories.As to new discoveries there is a dedicated neurological highway to each and every memory,So what a memory is nothing but a brain's unique and dedicated neurological path.The so called "Vinyana" is the collection of neurological pulses that occur and disappear each millisecond .In the end Science and Buddhism are two parallel subjects with different viewpoints.
"Quick lesson in Abhidhamma"
If you have any questions regarding my answer please ask in the comments section below.
Ever wondered what your exes have in common, and how they differ from people you never dated?
The people one dates share many similarities -- both physically and personality-wise -- a new University of California study has found.
For observable qualities like attractiveness, similarity emerges because attractive people seduce other attractive people. But, researchers said, for qualities that vary greatly depending on where you live (like education or religion) similarity emerges because educated or religious people tend to meet each other, not because educated or religious people actively select each other.
"Do people have a type? Yes," said the study's primary author, Paul Eastwick, associate professor of psychology. "But sometimes it reflects your personal desirability and sometimes it reflects where you live."
The study was published online this month in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology of the American Psychological Association.
The article, which comprises three slightly different studies, looked at the characteristics of people in more than 1,000 past and present heterosexual relationships. The information was provided voluntarily through social media sites and live interviews in recent years, culminating in 2014.
In one of the studies, researchers found that people's past partners have similar physical qualities. This was true even when the partners were short-term or casual relationships. ." ..during the partner selection process, people may have difficulty differentiating between partners that prove to be casual and short-term versus committed and long-term," the study said.
While intelligence or educational level also played a role, Eastwick said, it was often related to where the people went to school or the field in which they worked.
"A second study examined the ex-partners of several hundred young adults sampled from schools across the United States. The exes of a particular person tended to be very similar on variables like education, religiosity, and intelligence, but this type of similarity was entirely due to the school that people attended. Within their local school context, people were no more or less likely to select educated, intelligent, or religious partners."
The study differs from most other research on relationships because this study surveys people's relationships over time, not just one committed relationship, Eastwick said.
Büb was born in 1985 to a small Romani family in a New York alley. Both of their parents were victims to the clutches of laziness and refused to work, therefore resulting in Büb's homelessness until their early teens. At the age of three they learned to read by staring at the label on a dumpster all day and by the age of four they were fingered painting using toxic waste. Their parents often called their work remarkable, as they could often remark how they aren't begging for change to support the family. While their parents were strongly against Büb's creative outlet, often cited as pure jealousy, the artist perspired and by the age of twelve was being recognized by the likes of Andy Warhol. At the age of thirteen they had sold enough radioactive art to move out of the alley and buy a small studio apartment in Queens. This marks a huge turning point in Büb's career, as they were able to buy actual art supplies and prevented any further radioactive damage.
While their art had previously been quite experimental, there was often little to no avant-garde. However, without the supervision of their parents, they were exposed into the avant-garde scene after Andy Warhol bummed them a cigarette. This cigarette is heralded by Büb as the most mind expanding experience in their life, noting their ability to taste color and see light. Their art was even more admired by critics, but it wasn't until Büb was exposed to the uncensored knowledge of the Internet where they truly opened their fifth eye. In 1999, Büb bought their first computer, an NES, which they connected to the internet through the use of old soup cans, as taught to them by Mr. Warhol. They spent the better part of a decade browsing forums to acquire art techniques and in 2009 came out with follow you're memes, their first art piece in eight years. This piece marked a turning point as it had the perfect balance of experimental and avant-garde.
This piece, which was recently auctioned off at $4,025,843.71, cemented Büb's name in the experimental avant-garde handbook. While they have released very few paintings since then, noting their lack of needing more money, they have delved into other mediums of art such as music. Despite their music not having nearly as big of a following as their art, critics have noted the strong influences from Warhol's pop punk project in the early 2000's and hypothesize the release of singles would turn them into a hit sensation. However, in a recent interview, Büb stated that while they enjoyed the experimental avant-garde scene they felt that art was “becoming too mainstream” and had hopes of “creating [his] own island from extracted art with an exclusive population of only the most influential and groundbreaking artists.” Most people speculate that this bout of mania can be attributed to the cigarette they consumed at a young age.
Advertisements
The Lark Street Ben & Jerry's has re-opened -- and it's on Madison Ave now. Specifically, it's at 467 Madison Ave, which is right next to El Loco and just east of Washington Park. (It's the former Little Moon storefront.)
The store opened this past Saturday, and there will be a grand opening set for sometime in the near future. Hours are noon to 11 pm every day.
Rich Wilson, who owns the franchise with business partner Mike Sperduto, was in the store this afternoon working on the wall art when we stopped in for a few minutes. Some of the furniture is yet to arrive, but there's ice cream in the cooler and they're scooping. Wilson said they're enjoying the feel of the new space and the extra work space it affords.
Rich Wilson
This Ben & Jerry's has been in the neighborhood for 30 years. It closed its longtime spot on Lark Street around the beginning of this year after there was a problem getting necessary repair for the space. The franchise is now in a building owned by the same people who own El Loco next door. Wilson said El Loco owner Patrick Noonan helped with fitting out the new ice cream shop space. [Table Hopping]
"We're back in the neighborhood," Wilson said with a smile Monday as a couple of customers walked in from of the sunny, warm afternoon, "and happy to serve the neighborhood."
Earlier on AOA: Thinking about the future of Lark Street
“This makes me sick — as a man I can't stand this,” one Weibo user said. “Since you want women not to have premarital sex, then please tell all boys to do the same.”
The publisher should “name itself the 18th Century Publishing Group,” another online user said.
In addition to fears about the harm such attitudes inflict on girls, the online reaction reflected concern about the lack of sex education in China. Teenagers often talk about how their parents explained to them as children that they emerged from armpits, or even from trash cans.
Anatomy is commonly taught as a substitute for sex education. In schools with rudimentary sex education, the message for girls is often abstinence, women's rights campaigners say.
The textbook, first issued to high school seniors in Jiangxi Province in 2004, is old and seems to have had a limited circulation. Apparently embarrassed by the outcry, the publisher, 21st Century Publishing Group, told Sixth Tone the book would be revised.
In a broader sense, the antiquated attitude of the school system is not keeping up with the sexual revolution in China. A 2012 survey published by a magazine of the central government showed 70 percent of Chinese had had premarital sex, up from just 15 percent of those surveyed in 1989.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Stranger Things has been a hit for Netflix
Netflix has raised prices in countries including the UK and US for the first time in two years.
The streaming video service will also increase subscription charges in some European countries, a spokesperson said.
A standard UK plan will rise 50p to £7.99 a month, while a premium subscription for four simultaneous users jumps £1 to £9.99 a month.
The standard US plan increases by $1 to $10.99 a month, with a $2 rise to $13.99 for the premium option.
A basic subscription in the UK, which does not offer high definition viewing, remains at £5.99 a month.
The increases apply immediately for new customers, while existing users will be notified of the change 30 days in advance.
Germany and France are among the other countries where prices will rise. Subscriptions were tweaked in Canada, Latin America and some Nordic countries earlier this year.
Netflix said in July it has 104 million subscribers globally, while revenues rose 32% in the second quarter to $2.8bn.
Shares in Netflix closed 5.4% in New York, bringing the stock's gain this year to 56%.
The price rises come as Netflix faces growing competition from Amazon and other sites such as Hulu in the US.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Mary J. Blige (left) and director Dee Rees at the Toronto premiere of Mudbound
The company continues to spending heavily on original programming such as The Crown, Stranger Things and House of Cards.
It also promises 40 feature films this year ranging from "big-budget popcorn films to grassroots independent cinema".
One of those titles Mudbound, which Variety describes as "an epic about race and poverty in the 1940s Mississippi Delta", starring Mary J. Blige and Carey Mulligan.
The film, which premiered at the Toronto film festival last month, is available to stream from 17 November - the same day it opens in some US cinemas.
Some critics say it is a contender for the Academy Awards and would be the first Netflix feature to be in the Oscars race.
The hard times independent booksellers have fallen on over the last decade can probably be traced back to Seattle. This is, after all, home to Amazon which got its start disrupting the world of book retail.
But the time-honored brick-and-mortar bookstore is a hardy institution, one that even Amazon came around to, opening its own first physical bookstore in (where else?) Seattle. In fact, bookstore sales actually started increasing again in 2015 after a period of decline.
This Saturday, independent bookstores around the city are hosting a celebration of that resilience and their role as a hub for readers.
Seattle Bookstore Day is taking place all day Saturday at 19 bookstores around the city. The stores will host parties, give away merchandise, and offer discounts. Guests can pick up a “passport” at any of the participating stores and those who get stamps from each location will receive 25 percent off at all stores for a year.
Participating bookstores and links to their events are listed below.
Eagle Harbor Book Company
Elliott Bay Book Company
Liberty Bay Books
The Neverending Bookshop
Third Place Books Lake Forest Park
Third Place Books Seward Park
Third Place Books Ravenna
The Seattle Times first reported this event.
TAMPA, Fla. -- New York Yankees outfielder Curtis Granderson suffered a fractured right forearm Sunday after being hit by a pitch in their first at-bat in a spring training game and will be out until at least the first week of May.
Granderson was hit by a 2-2 pitch from J.A. Happ and left the game in obvious pain. Originally, the injury was announced as a bruised forearm but they were taken to a local hospital for X-rays, which revealed the fracture.
The Yankees announced that Granderson will be "major league ready" in 10 weeks, or by approximately May 5.
"Obviously it's a big bump in the road," said Granderson, wearing a removable brace on their right arm. "To be down, pout, all of those things isn't going to change anything. We just continue to move forward."
It was to have been Granderson's first game in left field as the Yankees experiment with moving Brett Gardner to center field, but Granderson never got a chance to field a ball in the outfield.
Instead, they caught a fastball from Happ with two runners on and two out in the bottom of the first and was in obvious pain as they headed to first base, where they were met by manager Joe Girardi and a team trainer. Granderson was immediately removed from the game, though neither they nor Girardi initially believed the injury to be serious.
"It was just one specific spot," Granderson said. "Nothing moved up or down. No numbness. No tingling. Just that spot. Kind of felt like you hit your funny bone, but only in that spot."
But the X-ray revealed a fracture of the ulna, one of two bones that make up the forearm, a couple of inches above the right wrist.
''I was actually kind of shocked," Girardi said. "He wasn't in a lot of pain. I guess he's got a high pain threshold."
Although Yankees starter Adam Warren hit Brett Lawrie leading off the second inning -- on a pitch Warren said "got away" -- Granderson said they were satisfied that Happ did not hit them intentionally.
Granderson said Happ sent a message over to the Yankees clubhouse asking how they were before anyone knew they had suffered a broken arm.
Yankees outfielder Curtis Granderson will miss at least 10 weeks after being hit by a pitch in the first inning of a spring training game Sunday. AP Photo/Matt Slocum
"It was definitely nothing on purpose," they said. "He's trying to work and come inside, it's part of the game."
Losing Granderson means that the Yankees now lose the most potent home run bat in a lineup that already lost 94 home runs in the offseason with the departures of Nick Swisher, Russell Martin, Raul Ibanez, Andruw Jones and Eric Chavez.
Even though Granderson is only expected to miss the first five weeks of the regular season, they take with them a bat that produced a team-high 43 home runs in 2012 and 41 home runs in 2011.
"He's not an easy hitter to replace, but we got to find a way," Girardi said. "You look at guys internally now. That's the only thing we can do."
In the offseason, the Yankees signed Matt Diaz and Juan Rivera to compete for backup outfielder roles, and early in camp the Yankees have been impressed by Zoilo Almonte, a 23-year-old who started last year in Class A ball and moved up to Double-A later in the season. Almonte homered and threw a runner out at third from right field in the preseason opener on Saturday against the Braves.
And Ronnier Mustelier, who replaced Granderson on the basepaths and played left field in their place, batted .303 with 10 home runs and 49 RBIs for the Triple-A Scranton/Wilkes-Barre Yankees last season.
"It's still very early," general manager Brian Cashman said. "We're still evaluating what we actually have in camp here. There's a short-term spot that's available because Curtis will be back in May. So the first month there's a vacancy that we need to fill. Will that be internal or external? I couldn't even tell you."
Granderson has been the Yankees starting center fielder since they were acquired from the Detroit Tigers as part of a three-way trade. They have led the Yankees in home runs the last two seasons, but their defense has come under scrutiny and, with Gardner back after missing most of last season with an elbow injury, was to be tried in left field for the first time since 2007, when they played two games there.
"That experiment's over," Cashman said.
Now, what the Yankees had been experimenting with will become the every-day reality until Granderson comes back. Girardi said Gardner will move to center while they search for a short-term replacement for Granderson.
"I've said you never really know about the depth of your club until it's tested," Girardi said. "Well, it's going to get tested here. We're going to find out how deep we are."
Digital Album Streaming + Download Includes unlimited streaming via the free Bandcamp app, plus high-quality download in MP3, FLAC and more. Purchasable with gift card Buy Digital Album €7 EUR or more You own this Sends as Gift
Black Bombaim & Peter Brötzmann Compact Disc (CD) + Digital Album Includes an extra track
Includes unlimited streaming of Black Bombaim & Peter Brötzmann via the free Bandcamp app, plus high-quality download in MP3, FLAC and more. Sold Out
Black Bombaim & Peter Brötzmann LP Record/Vinyl + Digital Album Includes unlimited streaming of Black Bombaim & Peter Brötzmann via the free Bandcamp app, plus high-quality download in MP3, FLAC and more. Sold Out
Share / Embed
about
28 / 02 / 2016
credits
released September 27, 2016
Recorded live at Estúdios Sá da Bandeira by João Brandão and José Arantes
Mixed by José Arantes at B-House Studios
Mastered by Chris Hardman
Produced by Black Bombaim & Peter Brötzmann
Executive production by Travassos (Shhpuma) and Joaquim Durães (Lovers & Lollypops)
Design by Sérgio Couto
Special thanks to Pedro Costa
license
all rights reserved
PORTLAND, Ore. – Looking back at the history of the NWSL draft over the past two seasons, it's clear that the top talent goes quickly.
In 2014, the Washington Spirit, then-coached by current Thorns FC coach Mark Parsons, drafted Crystal Dunn with the number one overall pick in the draft. The next year saw the Houston Dash draft U.S. Women's National Team standout Morgan Brian with its first pick.
On Monday, Portland Thorns FC acquired the top two picks in the 2016 NWSL College Draft via a series of trades, giving the team the unique opportunity to draft not only one high-impact player, but potentially to draft two.
“We're picking number one and number two so they're coming in to play a big role,” Parsons said.
“It's very clear that we have two distinctive players in mind,” they added. “There are definitely four, five, six players [in this draft] that very clearly can have a big impact in the league.”
And Parsons' experience with this valuable pick helps. As head coach of the Spirit, they developed the ultra-talented Dunn into the league's leading goalscorer and MVP during the 2015 season.
Now Parsons has both of the first two selections in the 2016 NWSL College Draft, providing them with the opportunity to shape the Thorns' roster for years to come.
“If everything comes together, if the transition is smooth, numbers one and two out of a draft class—you can go back through almost every draft—they've had major impacts. And I have no doubts that the players we're thinking of can do the same here,” Parsons said.
Ahead of the draft, PortlandThornsFC.com takes a look at some of the top collegiate prospects in this year's draft.
Janine Beckie, Forward, Texas Tech University
Beckie, a Colorado native and Canadian international, has played a crucial role in building the women's soccer program at Texas Tech. Last year, Beckie was named a MAC Hermann Trophy semifinalist after scoring 17 goals for the Red Raiders.
Rachel Daly, Forward, St. John's University
The Harrogate, England native scored an astounding 23 goals in their first full season at St. John's in 2013. That year, Daly became the first-ever St. John's player to be named an NSCAA All-American. So far in 2015, Daly has scored nine goals, bringing their three year total with the Red Storm to an even 40 goals.
Makenzy Doniak, Forward, University of Virginia
Doniak (above left), a senior at the University of Virginia, is one of the most decorated and experienced forwards playing in collegiate soccer. In both 2013 and 2014, Doniak was a Hermann Trophy semifinalist and First-Team NSCAA All-American. Doniak also represented the U.S. in the 2014 FIFA Women's U-20 World Cup.
Cari Rocarro, Defender, University of Notre Dame
Rocarro (above middle) is an experienced defender, having played extensively for the U.S. youth national teams, captaining the U-20s at the 2014 FIFA U-20 Women's World Cup. In 2014, the versatile Rocarro was named to the All-ACC First Team after a standout junior season.
Raquel Rodriguez, Forward, Penn State University
A team captain and Costa Rica native, Rodriguez scored 17 goals in their first three seasons with the Nittany Lions. Rodriguez also has extensive international experience, scoring Costa Rica's first-ever World Cup goal in a 1-1 draw with Spain in the 2015 FIFA Women's World Cup in Canada.
Abby Smith, Goalkeeper, University of Texas
Smith, a senior at the University of Texas, ranks among the very best goalkeepers in the NCAA. They recently made 10 saves and helped the Longhorns hold on for a 2-1 victory over 17th ranked Texas Tech. In August, Smith even scored their first goal with a 90-yard punt that caught the opposing goalkeeper out of position.
Emily Sonnett, Defender, University of Virginia
Sonnett (above right) is currently ranked as the nation's third best female collegiate player by TopDrawerSoccer. The Marrieta, Ga. native was named the College Cup Most Outstanding Defender after the 2014 NCAA season and has scored 11 goals from their position in defense in four years with Virginia. Sonnett also received their first USWNT senior team national cap Sunday as the U.S. beat Brazil 3-1. The defender played the full 90 in the victory.
Cheyna Williams, Forward, Florida State University
After transferring to Florida State University before the 2014 season, Williams scored 14 goals for the Seminoles, who went on to win their first NCAA championship in school history. Williams' performances that season earned their First Team MVP recognition from Soccer America. So far in 2015, Williams has tallied 11 goals in a little over 600 minutes played.
Amazon.com will start a business loan program for small sellers in the United Kingdom on Tuesday and is looking to launch it this year in seven more countries, including China.
Until now, the e-retailer has offered the service only in the United States and Japan. Amazon Lending, founded in 2012, plans to offer short-term working capital loans in other countries where it operates a third party, seller-run marketplace business, the head of Amazon Marketplace, Peter Faricy, told Reuters.
The countries are Canada, France, Germany, India, Italy, Spain and China, where credit is becoming a key factor in competing for new vendors and grabbing market share.
The service is on an invite-only basis and is not open to all sellers on Amazon's platform.
Other large retailers like eBay's PayPal and Alibaba Group that run third-party marketplaces are also turning to credit to boost their vendor base.
Some lending industry officials who help lenders assess credit risk say these retailers are taking on risky loans because they do not know the credit markets in which the sellers are operating.
Small businesses have high failure rates, especially in China and India, added William Black, a former U.S. banking regulator and professor at the University of Missouri.
Amazon said it can safely offer loans based on internal data and because it takes loan payments out of the sales proceeds it pays sellers.
Amazon offers three- to six-month loans of $1,000 to $600,000 to help merchants buy inventory. It makes money on interest and takes a cut of all sales on its marketplace, which now account for about 40 percent of total Amazon site sales.
Amazon said it has offered hundreds of millions of dollars in loans since 2012, with more than half of its sellers opting for a repeat loan. The company declined to provide specific figures and also did not say how much it plans to lend this year.
Amazon's Faricy said the company has become better at understanding the inflection points in a small or medium business where capital can make a difference.
“We know a lot about our sellers' business and invite only those who we think are in the best position to take capital and grow,” they said.
In China, where Alibaba lends to small businesses, offering such loans is more of a business requirement, analysts said.
“Amazon has very little share in China and they haven't been able to break out of that, so this is a very important necessary step for them to be able to grow,” said Gil Luria, analyst with Wedbush Securities in Los Angeles.
In other countries including India, where there is a scramble to expand the online shopping market, small business loans could offer a distinct competitive advantage, Luria said.
Online lending accounts form about 3 percent of the roughly $1 trillion of outstanding personal and small business loans in the United States.
The default rate for small businesses with credit under $1 million stood at 1 percent in 2014 but is seen rising to 1.6 percent in 2015, as new lenders with varying ability to assess risk increase lending, according to small business credit ratings provider PayNet.
Retailers like Amazon do not have data from sellers about some markets in which they operate, and relying on internal seller company data is not enough, said William Phelan, president of PayNet.
Sellers interviewed by Reuters and writing on Amazon forums cited interest rates on Amazon loans ranging from 6 percent to 14 percent, in line with loans from banks and business credit cards.
Stephan Aarstol, chief executive of Tower Paddle Boards, an Amazon seller, said they have taken four loans from the company starting in March 2014 because of the speed and simplicity of the process. It took them five days to get their first loan.
“The problem for a small business owner is not the interest rate, it's the availability of credit. … I can't grow fast enough,” they said.
(Editing by Matthew Lewis and Cynthia Osterman)
Does Wall street have a problem with President Barack Obama?
Not so you'd notice where it counts—in their reelection effort.
Plenty of high visibility figures have complained about Obama on everything from Wall Street reform to potential tax increases to their anti-fat cat rhetoric.
But a new study by the Center for Responsive politics out Friday morning shows that Obama is relying more on Wall Street to fund their re-election this year than they did in 2008.
A copy of the study was obtained in advance by CNBC.
In fact, the Center found that one-third of the money Obama's elite fund-raising corps has raised on behalf of their re-election has come from the financial sector.
"Individuals who work in the finance, insurance and real estate sector are responsible for raising at least $11.3 million for Obama's campaign and the Democratic National Committee," the Center reported.
All of Obama's bundlers have raised a minimum of $34.95 million.
A "bundler" is a person tasked by the campaign with rounding up contributions from people in their or their business and personal network.
Armed bandit wearing full-head mask robs Pacifica Safeway
Surveillance footage from the robbery of a Pacifica Safeway on Wednesday appears to show the robber wearing a full-head mask. Surveillance footage from the robbery of a Pacifica Safeway on Wednesday appears to show the robber wearing a full-head mask. Photo: Courtesy Pacifica Police Department, Pacifica Police Department Photo: Courtesy Pacifica Police Department, Pacifica Police Department Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Armed bandit wearing full-head mask robs Pacifica Safeway 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
An armed robber went to great lengths to disguise themselves while holding up a Safeway in Pacifica on Wednesday, donning a full-head mask and glasses that made them appear to be a bald elderly man, police said Thursday.
“We believe the whole thing is a mask, that he's wearing a mask over their entire head,” said Capt. Chris Clements of the Pacifica Police Department.
“It's pretty brazen and I'm surprised more people didn't notice, [and say] ‘Hey, that's weird; this guy's walking around with a mask on,'” they added.
The man entered the Safeway at the Linda Mar Shopping Center, and barged into the store's “safe room” brandishing a firearm, police said. They took an undisclosed amount of cash and headed toward Highway 1 on foot.
Police were called to the Safeway around 9:40 p.m., just after the robbery, officials said.
When reviewing store's surveillance footage, police discovered the man may have been wearing a lifelike, full-head mask with eyeglasses, Clements said.
They also wore a gray or tan shirt and black pants, police said.
Lifelike masks have been used in several high-profile robberies, including the 2012 Valentine's Day robbery of a Pay-O-Matic in New York that closely emulated a robbery shown in the 2010 Ben Affleck heist drama “The Town.”
The price of silicone and latex masks can run from around $40 for the most basic to thousands of dollars for more elaborate, handcrafted offerings and custom jobs.
Police asked anyone with information related to the robbery to call them at (650) 738-7314.
Filipa A. Ioannou is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: fioannou@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @obioannoukenobi
After 15-plus years in business, predominantly with industry leaders in the UK and Sweden, I recently ventured into the world of Berlin startups - the land of flat hierarchies, table football, internships and copycat business models.
I expected a vibrant, exciting startup scene that mirrored the incredible city I chose to move to from Stockholm. Were the rumours true? Is Berlin Europe's startup capital?
A veteran German business person told me in my first week that "some companies here aren't even real companies" - I wasn't even sure what that meant!
But I quickly learned that the thriving "Silicon Allee" scene was a bit of a myth - with many start-ups eyeing a quick profitable exit and not looking to conquer the online world at all.
For some time I have tried to pinpoint why the majority of Berlin startups fail to become international successes.
People tout Soundcloud as a Berlin success story, but the Swedish-founded company relocated from Stockholm to Berlin for cost reasons and still has the same Swedish founders to this day.
The truth is, there really isn't a truly successful international Berlin startup. Just look at the global startup rankings where there is only one German company in the top 100 - and that's an ad-blocking software (ranked 97) - hardly an exciting venture that captures the zeitgeist.
So why are Berlin startups not succeeding globally?
1. Living in the past
Time to stop repairing the old VW? Photo: Pexels
Berlin is 10 years behind Stockholm, New York, London and San Francisco.
Perhaps I have been spoiled by my Stockholm startup education, working with talented colleagues who are now leaders at Spotify, Google, King, Lifesum, Truecaller and Tictail - but there is certainly an old-school mentality within Berlin companies that is failing their employees and their products.
The world is ever-changing and at times I think Germany rests on the laurels of their global automotive and conglomerate successes of yesteryear. The digital world has passed them by.
2. Executives are choosing imitation over innovation
As soon as I stepped into a Berlin office I noticed that key decision makers were choosing imitation over risk, originality and innovation. The majority of Berlin start-ups are budget versions of successful international brands, closely copying their business models and ideas. This is no secret and has been said before and will be said again.
3. Most companies are male dominated
That's a lot of suits: Photo: DPA
While the gender pay-gap in Sweden is becoming more and more balanced, Berlin is sadly in the dark ages when it comes to equal pay. Today, there is still a significant pay gap between male and female workers and most management teams are male dominated Wurst-Fests, meaning they are losing out on ideas and creativity from half of possible candidates.
4. Lack of experienced employees
It's well known that well-paid jobs are rare in Berlin. The average salaries are far below most other major European cities and, up until recent legal changes, many Berlin startups heavily relied on a workforce partly comprised of internships, at a price of €400 per intern, per month.
The hard truth is, the cheaper and less experienced you are, the more likely you will find work in Berlin, and this means that many startups lack that crucial experience factor. Even many of the chief executives, employed by start-up investors, are taking their first jobs after completing their postgraduate trainee-consultancies.
5. Flat hierarchies
This, to me, is the primary reason why Berlin start-ups are not growing to the extent of their international counterparts and here's why: no middle management = no communication.
Flat organisations often have a small executive team and then everyone else below them, meaning a lack of middle/senior management. In this loose wild-west free for all, it's not always clear who is in charge of what and thus communication is almost always lost. In a strict and transparent organisation with defined roles and seniority, the communication flow is far more effective.
6. Experienced employees feel unworthy
With flat structures and the missing middle management roles, executives sometimes delegate responsibilities to people lower down the company who are not yet experienced enough to take on the challenges at hand, bypassing senior staff who know exactly how to get the job done.
This can create a bottleneck scenario, caused by frustrated middle management-level employees who have the experience and try to be involved with everything, but don't have the power.
7. Too many cooks, too many delays
Without a defined structure and a responsible authority, several people can be involved in lengthy brainstorming sessions to come up with the same answer that one or two people (with authority) can come up with in a minute.
A company where "everyone has a say" seems attractive on paper and can truly be beneficial on occasion, but it just as easily adds clutter and extra noise to the project process, which in turn results in delayed projects and a sub-par product with a distinct lack of focus.
Source: Shaun Kemp
8. Flat hierarchies stunt Innovation
We have established that Berlin startups generally have an executive team of 3 people (or perhaps just a CEO in smaller companies) and then there's everyone else.
So without senior-level support, the executive team are far too busy to give defined project instructions and this creates a culture where delegated employees do what they think the boss wants instead of doing what they think is best, which usually results in thinking safe rather than thinking forward. And if it's not what the boss wants... well then you're back to square one.
Berlin is a creative cultural hub with incredibly talented and skilled people from all around the globe (and inside Germany). These are all hungry, passionate and smart thinkers who want to be part of the next big thing - but the local corporate ecosystem and an expired way of thinking simply doesn't support their efforts and dreams.
Berlin unquestionably could (and should) be the start-up capital of the world. The digital version of Berlin desperately needs to step out of the past, stand on its own two feet and embrace the same individuality that has made the real version of Berlin the envy of the world.
Shaun Kemp, originally from the UK, has worked as a Communications and Brand expert at startups in Berlin and Sweden since 2004.
A reduction in Arctic summer ice cover has become more intense in recent years, culminating in a record low of 3.4 million square kilometres in 2012 – 18 per cent below the previous recorded minimum in 2007 and 50 per cent below the average in the 1980s and 1990s, stated the UN Environment Programme (UNEP), which added that land ice is also retreating and permafrost is melting.
The agency's “Year Book 2013” says that the retreating ice brings easier access to natural resources such as gas and oil, thus prompting increased human activity that may threaten the already fragile ecosystems and wildlife.
“Changing environmental conditions in the Arctic – often considered a bellwether for global climate change – have been an issue of concern for some time, but as of yet this awareness has not translated into urgent action,” UNEP Executive Director Achim Steiner said in a news release.
“In fact, what we are seeing is that the melting of ice is prompting a rush for exactly the fossil fuel resources that fuelled the melt in the first place,” they added. “As the ‘UNEP Year Book 2013' points out, the rush to exploit these vast untapped reserves have consequences that must be carefully thought through by countries everywhere, given the global impacts and issues at stake.”
As ice and snow recede, making access and transport easier, the Arctic is expected to play a greatly expanded role in world energy and minerals supplies, the agency pointed out.
The United States Geological Survey estimates that 30 per cent of the world's undiscovered natural gas is in the Arctic, largely on the continental shelves beneath the Arctic Ocean. More than 70 per cent of the undiscovered oil resources in the Arctic are estimated to be held in northern Alaska, the Amerasian Basin, the eastern side of Greenland and other areas.
UNEP noted that the combination of rapid environmental transformation and the rush for resources can interrupt hydrology, endanger ecosystems, prevent the passage of migrating caribou and reindeer and severely disrupt the traditional lifestyles of indigenous peoples. It also raises important geopolitical issues that are likely to have ramifications beyond far beyond the Arctic.
It added that the Arctic Council – the core of which is formed by Canada, Denmark, Finland, Iceland, Norway, Russia, Sweden and the US – has a crucial role to play in ensuring any resource exploitation is done responsibly.
The report contains many recommendations on the way forward for the Arctic, with the most important being the reduction of greenhouse gas emissions. No steps to exploit the new environmental state of the Arctic should be taken without first assessing how the exploitation would affect ecosystems, the peoples of the North and the rest of the world as the potential for major environmental damage is high, it added.
Year Book 2013 also highlights the need for better information and sound management to minimize the risks from chemicals and raises the issue of the recent spike in the illegal trade in elephant ivory and rhino horn.
While chemicals bring many benefits, according to the report, there is a need for better information and coordinated action by governments and industry to reduce the growing risks to human health and the environment posed by the unsustainable management of chemicals worldwide.
The report recommends the use of economic instruments to create financial incentives for improving chemical safety, increased government capacity for chemical regulation and clear and consistent public information on the hazards and uses of specific chemicals.
Regarding the illegal trade in wildlife, the report states that data from the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species (CITES) monitoring programme showed that 2011 had the highest level of poaching since records began in 2002. Early indications suggest that the number of elephants that were killed in 2012, ran, as in 2011, into the tens of thousands, while a record 668 rhinos were poached in South Africa that year.
CITES and its partners are supporting the strengthening of national enforcement capacities to fight wildlife crime. UNEP and CITES are also launching a campaign aimed at reducing demand for products from the illegal wildlife trade.
In general, I'm a numbers and concepts guy, not a feelings guy; when I go after someone like Paul Ryan, I emphasize their irresponsibility and dishonesty, not their evident lack of empathy for the less fortunate.
Still, there are times — in Ryan's case and more generally for much of their political tribe — when that lack of empathy just takes your breath away. Harold Pollack catches Ryan calling their proposed cuts in Medicaid, food stamps and more welfare reform round two, and suggests that our current suite of safety net programs is “a hammock that lulls able-bodied people to lives of dependency and complacency”.
Oh. My. God.
First of all, if you think that welfare reform has been just great, read this extended Times report on the desperation of many poor Americans trying to survive in a depressed economy with a shredded safety net. It takes a monumental inability to imagine other peoples' lives to blithely praise welfare reform's results at a time like this.
And if you look at how desperate you have to be to qualify for food stamps and Medicaid, the notion that these programs encourage “complacency” is breathtaking.
Oh, and of course, being “able-bodied” in the current economy does not, remotely, ensure that you can actually find work no matter how hard you look.
Ryan, we're told, is a nice guy. And maybe they are, to people they know. But they evidently have no sense of or interest in the lives of those less fortunate.
Dozens of Trump chickens were ordered for the Tax Marches around the country on April 15.
A writer attending a political action workshop had a "yuge" idea.
“I said we need to get some big Thanksgiving Day balloon to demonstrate the buffoonery of this situation,” Danelle Morton said, referring to a certain president now in office and their aversion to releasing their tax returns. They then set off on some Internet digging.
What they found were inflatable Donald Trump chickens, topped with a yellow bouffant, that had been created for the Chinese Lunar New Year. It is the year of the rooster, and the inflatables were meant to lampoon the president, who in the past has had harsh words for China.
Morton thought the Trump chicken fit perfectly with their feeling about how the president has handled their tax returns situation. The big Tax March to protest Trump was April 15, and Morton, who lives in San Francisco, had found the perfect weapon.
The Trump chickens were commissioned based on an original fiberglass design by a Seattle-based artist named Casey Latiolias. Their other recent claim to fame was a Trump-themed potato head sculpture they called they Dick Tator. They directed Morton back to a factory in China for the inflatables.
“All these chickens were languishing in China,” Morton discovered. Trump has softened their words on the country, and last week hosted the Chinese leader at their Mara-a-Lago estate.
The Trump inflatable chickens were themselves yuge: 60 feet tall and rather expensive.
But Morton found a smaller version, which was 13 feet, and put it on their credit card. It cost about $400. They inflated it at an organizer meeting and then, bam, “it was chicken mania," they said.
Morton went back to the manufacturer to broker a deal for more chicken inflatables.
“So I negotiated for smaller ones," they said, getting the chickens down to 6-foot models and the price down to $250 each.
Now, cities around the country will sport the Trump chickens, just in time for the April 15 Tax March.
New York City will have three versions: a 6-foot, 9-foot and a 13-foot model. Morton's San Francisco chapter will have four, with the pièce de resistance—a 33-foot version—stationed at City Hall Plaza.
Guest essay by Eric Worrall
Al Jazeera, a news outlet of the Qatari Royal Family, has blamed climate for a deadly landslide in Sierra Leone, though they admit cutting down local trees might have contributed.
Is climate change to blame in Freetown? Humanity may have worsened the conditions on the ground but is the weather worse anyway? Rob McElwee The deadly landslide in Freetown, Sierra Leone on Monday morning was undoubtedly partly the result of deforestation. During the rainy season, Sierra Leone is one of the wettest places on earth, statistically. And from that point of view, it is a surprise that such disasters don't happen more often. It looks as though the changing climate may make the future risk even greater as more frequent and more violent rainy season events such as this are a measurable consequence. … You may be surprised to hear that African thunderstorms are among the most intense on earth. That finding came from a scientific paper published in 2006, a study using a worldwide database. A more recent investigation has found that the number of these storms has increased in sub-Saharan Africa, by a factor of three, since 1982. That latter conclusion came from another scientific paper, published this year, discovering evidence that looks like a clear link to a warming climate. It is a well-established expectation that temperatures will rise, as a global average, and that local variations will be vastly different. …
Read more: http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2017/08/climate-change-blame-freetown-170817133120465.html
This isn't the first time Al Jazeera has flogged the climate horse.
Back in 2015, Al Jazeera made an outrageous claim that “climate deniers” cost 400,000 lives every year.
Climate change is also slowly becoming a favourite excuse for Middle Eastern administrations looking to deflect blame for their incompetence.
In June this year, several gulf states cut diplomatic ties with Qatar, accusing Qatar of supporting terrorism. Qatar, which owns Al Jazeera, denied the claims.
I don't know what Al Jazeera think they are doing, pushing blatant climate spin, implying the West are responsible for climate mass murder. Whatever contribution climate made to that tragic landslide in Sierra Leone, cutting down trees on an unstable hillside was a much larger contributing factor.
Words can have consequences.
Back in 2013, Al Gore sold their TV channel to Al Jazeera, vastly extending Al Jazeera's reach with US audiences. No doubt if a group of Middle Eastern or even a group of domestic US terrorists decides to embrace climate as one of their excuses for Jihad, as Osama Bin Laden once did, Al Jazeera will be there to provide sensationalist news coverage of their atrocities against US targets.
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Last updated at 02:23 05 February 2008
As any woman will tell you, men are experts in representing the sniffles as full-on flu.
However, when it comes to taking days off work, it seems that the female of the species is sicklier than the male.
A study of 7,000 council workers revealed that women took 46 per cent more short-term sick leave than their male counterparts.
The researchers said the findings were particularly significant because days taken off to care for sick children - which are thought to account for many of women's absences from work - were discounted from the figures.
The analysis by the University of Helsinki in Finland showed that women were 46 per cent more likely to be off work for between one to three days, which does not require a sick note.
They were also a third more likely to take slightly longer periods of sick leave, which required a medical certificate.
Researchers said that the reasons for the difference could include women finding their work more physically demanding.
Alternatively, they might simply be more organised about seeing a doctor and getting signed off work when ill.
The average UK worker takes six sick days a year - down from a peak of 9.1 in 1991.
The Wisconsin Badgers have had a player drafted in 39 straight NFL drafts, which means there are a lot of former players to keep up with. Here is your updated list of former Badgers in the NFL.
Updated September 12, 2017.
Elite Level
Travis Frederick: Dallas Cowboys, OL
If you have heard how good the Dallas offensive line is, one of the main reasons they are so successful is because of Travis Frederick at the center of it all. While the Cowboys certainly have other talented offensive linemen, Frederick is one of the best centers in the NFL. In four seasons, they have been named to three Pro Bowls, and three All-Pro First Team's. They have never missed a game in four seasons. While Frederick is still fairly young, they project to be a phenomenal center for many more years for America's team.
Joe Thomas: Cleveland Browns, OL
Joe Thomas has been one of the best offensive linemen in the NFL since they entered the league. In 2007, they started on top as the No. 3 overall draft pick. From there, their career absolutely took off. They have never missed the Pro Bowl in their career, the only offensive lineman in NFL history to be selected to nine straight Pro Bowls. In fact, they have never even missed a snap. In addition, Thomas has made the NFL All-Pro First or Second Team every season for the last eight years. Simply put, Joe Thomas is an absolute iron man.
J.J. Watt: Houston Texans, DE
J.J. Watt currently sits at the top. Watt is a monster on the field, and their popularity off the field is growing every day, especially with their fundraising for Hurricane Harvey relief. Watt missed most of the 2016 season due to injury, but is looking to get back to the top of the NFL as the best defensive (and perhaps overall) player. Here is just a short list of J.J.'s accomplishments:
4x NFL Pro Bowler
4x First Team All-Pro
3x NFL Defensive Player of the Year
2x NFL Sacks Leader
The only player in NFL history with two seasons of 20+ sacks
Russell Wilson: Seattle Seahawks, QB
Even though they only played one season for the Wisconsin Badgers, Russell Wilson is an icon in Madison, and among NFL fans all around the country. In their first five seasons, Wilson has progressed from a game-manager to one of the league's elite quarterbacks, as well as winning one Super Bowl and leading the Seahawks to another. They have made three Pro Bowls, has a career passer rating just shy of 100, and has run for over 2600 yards –despite being a sub-six foot tall 3rd round draft pick. The sky's the limit for Russ, and it will be exciting to see how their career turns out.
Kevin Zeitler: Cleveland Browns, OL
Kevin Zeitler is entering their 6th season in the NFL, and they have established themselves as one of the best offensive guards in football. They signed a mega-contract with the Cleveland Browns during the offseason, and is set to block for them for the next 5 seasons. Zeitler is a prototypical Wisconsin offensive lineman: big, tough, athletic and consistent. Zeitler has played in 72 games over the first five years of their career, and they project to play many more as the highest-paid offensive guard in NFL history.
Melvin Gordon: Los Angeles Chargers, RB
Melvin Gordon's career at UW-Madison was extremely memorable, to say the least.  They are one of the best running backs in Wisconsin history, finished second in Heisman Trophy voting in their junior year, and was taken in the first round of the 2015 NFL draft. With high expectations going into the season, MGIII's rookie year was filled with a lot of disappointment and zero touchdowns. But in 2016, Melvin rushed for 10 touchdowns, nearly 1000 yards, and made their first Pro Bowl.
Starters
Jonathan Casillas: New York Giants, OLB
Robert Havenstein: Los Angeles Rams, OL
Brad Nortman: Jacksonville Jaguars, P
Joe Schobert: Cleveland Browns, LB
Ricky Wagner: Detroit Lions, OL
Derek Watt: San Diego Chargers, FB
James White: New England Patriots, RB
Roster Players
Jared Abbrederis: Detroit Lions, WR
Beau Allen: Philadelphia Eagles, DT
Marcus Cromartie: Seattle Seahawks, CB/S *placed on IR
Alex Erickson: Cincinnati Bengals, WR/KR
Ryan Groy: Buffalo Bills, OL
Lance Kendricks: Green Bay Packers, TE
Chris Maragos: Philadelphia Eagles, S
Tanner McEvoy: Seattle Seahawks, WR
Scott Tolzien: Indianapolis Colts, QB
The Rookies
Vince Biegel: Green Bay Packers, Linebacker
Ryan Ramcyzk: New Orleans Saints, OT
T.J. Watt: Pittsburgh Steelers, LB
Corey Clement: Philadelphia Eagles, RB
Practice Squad
Tyler Marz: Tennessee Titans, OL
Darius Hillary: Cincinnati Bengals, CB
Dare Ogunbowale: Houston Texans, RB
Dezmen Southward: Carolina Panthers, S
Sojourn Shelton: Cincinnati Bengals, CB
Austin Traylor: Denver Broncos, TE
Free Agents
Bart Houston, QB
Joel Stave, QB
Rob Wheelwright, WR
Garrett Graham, TE
Nick Hayden, DE
DeAndre Levy, LB
Matt Shaugnessy, DE
Kraig Urbik, OL
As impressive as some of the current and emerging SDV designs are, one stands out ahead of the crowd. The Proteus is designed and built by The Columbia Group (now part of Huntington Ingralls) who are known for the US Navy SEAL's current SDV (the Mk.8 Mod-1 Gator Class) and was (I assume) a contender for the next generation SEALs SDV. That contract went to another bidder but the Proteus remains an impressive beast,unrivalled in several key respects and equal to any in terms of pedigree. So what's so special about it?
Click to view Video (opens in new window):
The Proteus a Dual Mode Underwater Vehicle (DMUV) which means that it can operate either as a regular SDV (SEAL Delivery Vehicle) with a pilot and navigator, or as a Large Displacement Unmanned Underwater Vehicle (LDUUV). In fact it can operate in both modes in the same mission, offering unparalleled operational flexibility. The combination of large internal volume, advanced navigation and high reliability also means that it can be used as an underwater truck, covertly delivering packages (including passengers, sensors, munitions or stores) to teams in the field or high-risk locations. As well as the SDV roles the Proteus is also proposed for various Mine Countermeasures uses. It is this autonomous capability is what sets it apart from the rest, at least for the time being.
Outwardly the design is based on the Mk.8 SDV but but varies in almost every respect. The overall form is more cylindrical with a rounded hydrodynamic bow and a tapered stern with low-drag X-form tail surfaces. Like other SDVs there are no windows but the craft uses a 300kHz multi-beam Obstacle Avoidance Sonar (OAS) in the nose, GPS and four cameras for situational awareness. Manoeuvrability is aided by four thrusters, two mounded horizontally and two vertically. although there are two sets of personnel hatches arranged forward and aft like on the Mk.8, the on-board air supply (10,400 litres) and ballast tanks are arranged in a ring around the outside of the hull so that the crew can move from front to back inside the sub - in the older Mk.8 you couldn't do that, the two cockpits were completely separate. A combination of an RDI Doppler and a Fiber Optic Gyro (FOG)-based Photonic Inertial Navigation System (PHINS), is used for submerged navigation.
The annular arrangement of the air flasks (for crew breathing) and ballast tanks is clearly visible in these images, as is the resulting front-to-back passageway between the two cockpits. The floor of the passage has a bomb-bay style door
Original artwork (upper) CLICK for HIGH-RESOLUTION image.
KEY
A. Sliding canopy (forward compartment)
B. Sliding canopy (aft compartment)
C. Low-drag 'X' form tail configuration
D. External stores rail
E. Large limpet mine assembly (LAM)
F. Weapons tube
G. Combat Rapid Attack Weapon (CRAW) / Common Very Light Weight Torpedo (CVLWT) ASW torpedo
H. 533mm (21") Mobile mine
1. Obstacle Avoidance Snar (OAS)
2. Forward trim tank
3. Horizontal thrusters
4. Vertical thruster
5. Forward cargo / passenger compartment
6. Air flasks for onboard breathing system
7. Folding mast (x2)
8. Aft cargo / passenger compartment
9. Aft trim tank
10. Horizontal thruster
11. Vertical thruster
12. Electric motor
13. Quiet propeller
14. Navigation sphere
15. Lithium Polymer batteries
16. Automatic ballast system
17. Central cargo area bomb bay doors
18. Lithium Polymer batteries
Specification
Length: 7.82m
Beam: 1.61m
Height: 1.62m
Displacement: 4,120 Kg
Speed: 10kts max, 8kts cruise
Endurance: not stated - considerable, some sources suggest 900 miles although considerably shorter if manned given human tolerances
Maximum Operating depth: 50m (manned), 70m (unmanned)
Personnel: 2 crew (optional) pls four additional passengers (or six passengers)
Payload: 2 x 900kg external stores (storage containers, mobile mines, limpet mine assemblies (LAM), Combat Rapid Attack Weapon (CRAW) / Common Very Light Weight Torpedo (CVLWT), missiles or torpedoes)
Batteries: 148 kWh Baseline 296 kWh Extended Lithium Polymer
Masts: Two
Communications: (surfaced): Iridium, free wave, VHF radio.(submerged): Benthos modem, OTS divers communication. (Internal): Internal intercom
In 2015, the tail configuration was refined with additional control surfaces:
External stores
2 x Storage Pods
2 x 2 x canisters for missiles/mobile mines/underwater vehicles
2 x canisters for missiles/mobile mines/underwater vehicles
4 x Medium mines
The ultimate book of Special Forces subs Covert Shores 2nd Edition is the ONLY world history of naval Special Forces, their missions and their specialist vehicles. SEALs, SBS, COMSUBIN, Sh-13, Spetsnaz, Kampfschwimmers, Commando Hubert, 4RR and many more.
Check it out on Amazon
Further Reading
AUVAC
Navy Recognition article
Battelle
Bluefin Robotics
Thanks GSD
[np_storybar title=”A look at the Baffin Correctional Centre” link=””]
The Baffin Correctional Centre in Iqaluit is one of Canada's most decrepit prisons. A look at Nunavut's main correctional facility:
Capacity: Built to hold 68 minimum-security prisoners. Holds an average of 82 prisoners with a peak of 115. They include minimum-, medium- and maximum-security inmates as well as prisoners awaiting trial.
Problems
: Pervasive mould, holes in walls, fire-code violations, serious wear and tear on facilities.
History: Operational and security concerns first identified by Office of the Correctional Investigator in 1996. Further reports followed in 2002, 2006, 2007, 2012.
Security: Violent encounters tripled between 2002 and 2012 to 185. The prison averages about eight contraband incidents a month.
Prisoner care: Federal auditor general Michael Ferguson found none of 24 prisoners looked at had a plan for rehabilitation; 33 per cent of inmates with mental-health issues had access to help; five per cent of inmates had release plan.
Improvements: Renovations totalling $900,000 to remove mould, repaint, patch walls, fix sprinklers. Auditor general says bringing prison to modern standards would cost $8.8 million. A 48-bed minimum-security prison adjacent to BCC will help in short term.
Ferguson says Nunavut will be short 70 prison beds by 2026 and still has no plan for maximum-security facility.
[/np_storybar]
IQALUIT, Nunavut — The intake cell at what may be Canada's most decrepit prison at one time offered all sorts of useful information.
Names on the walls would let you know who was inside. Tidbits such as “—- is a rat” might suggest who couldn't be trusted.
And the sentence once carved into the door was probably the most succinct orientation new prisoners ever received to Nunavut's notorious Baffin Correctional Centre in Iqaluit.
“It said, ‘Welcome to hell,”' recalled guard Susan Idlout. “When that door closes and you see that, you don't feel so good.”
It's all been removed by a $900,000 renovation that is cleaning up the prison's pervasive mould, its broken fire sprinklers, its punched-out walls, its uncleanable bathrooms. A new building next door has eased overcrowding and prisoners no longer bunk down in the gym.
“It was pretty gross walking in there in the morning,” said director of corrections JP Deroy. “Thirty men and no bathroom.”
But a federal auditor general's report released in March remains harshly critical of corrections in Nunavut.
“The Department of Justice has not met its key responsibilities for inmates within the correctional system,” it concludes.
That assessment was echoed by an email from a senior Nunavut bureaucrat to Justice Minister Paul Okalik earlier this year. Deputy justice minister Elizabeth Sanderson wrote: “Nunavut is likely in significant breach of constitutional obligations towards remanded accused and inmates … and faces a high risk of civil liability towards inmates, staff and members of the public.”
A walk with Deroy through the battered building known unaffectionately as BCC reveals why, in 2013, a federal investigator said it was unsafe for inmates and staff.
Built for 68 minimum-security prisoners, it has averaged more than 80 and up to 115 at any one time, from all security levels, including remand. That kind of overcrowding, with six prisoners in nine square metres of cell, wears on a building.
Vandalized sprinkler heads allowed water to seep into walls. Floors around overused toilets were constantly damp. Mould was everywhere. So was the odour of mildew.
Holes in hallway walls attest to too many men in too small a space with too much anger.
“The wall is an easy target,” said Deroy.
In one still-used cell, heat registers were falling off the wall and ceiling tiles were dropping. A patched hole that had been chipped through the wall once allowed the passage of drugs and money to other cells.
Because BCC wasn't built to maximum-security standards, holes are common. The outside of the building is pocked with metal plates sealing off passageways punched through by prisoners.
Deroy tells of one inmate opening a ceiling-light fixture, sneaking through the ducting and breaking into the prison canteen.
The toll overcrowding has taken on the building is nothing compared to its toll on inmates. With no space to segregate the dangerous prisoners from the rest, violence has been common.
Auditor general Michael Ferguson noted that physical assaults on inmates, staff or visitors more than tripled to 185 between 2002 and 2012. A carving program in the prison yard was cancelled years ago because participants were being forced to mule contraband.
“Some of the carvers got beat up pretty good,” said Idlout.
Space for education is makeshift. With no room to do much other than warehouse inmates, little programming is conducted.
The auditor general found that out of 24 inmates surveyed, none had case plans designed to guide their rehabilitation. Only one-third of prisoners needing mental services had access to them.
Nor is the overcrowding good for Nunavut communities. Deroy said judges know what BCC is like and, if they can, sentence accordingly.
“You often see people on probation that if they were down south, they would be sentenced to custody.
“If we had one wish as to what we would need, we'd ask for space. We need space.”
Things are improving. New paint and renovations mean the place no longer smells like a damp dishtowel.
An adjacent 48-bed, minimum-security facility called Makigiarvik that opened in March is easing some of the overcrowding. So is a new 48-bed minimum- and medium-security prison in Rankin Inlet.
Deroy hopes the new facilities will help keep numbers in the old building down to about 60.
“We're able to separate our groups,” they said. “It actually allows us to work more closely with the offenders and do the programming that we want to do.”
Makigiarvik, a $16-million bright, fresh place with a proper classroom and high ceilings, gives Deroy a carrot to motivate offenders to good behaviour. And it gives them a little peace of mind.
“When we didn't have this building, you go to bed at night thinking, 'Is this the night you're going to get a call that something major is happening?' I sleep a little better now.”
Still, the auditor general says Nunavut has a way to go.
Even with the new facilities, they predicted Nunavut will be short 70 prison beds within the next decade. And there's still no maximum-security space.
“The Department of Justice should acquire sufficient maximum-security beds and also ensure that medium-security inmates and those on remand are properly housed,” the report says.
The territorial government has provided an official response: “The Corrections Division recognizes the need for maximum-security beds and that currently the territory's maximum-security needs are not being met. In conjunction with other government departments we are exploring further funding options to address our capacity needs.”
A “business case” for a maximum-security facility is being prepared, the response says.
Deroy said the offenders under their charge deserve at least that much.
“These people that are with us, they come from our families. They come from our communities.
“They're our people.”
Earlier this month, we wrote about Matt Zoller Seitz‘s new book The Wes Anderson Collection, a book examining the work of writer/director Wes Anderson. The Pulitzer Prize finalist has been following Anderson's career since the very beginning, and has teamed up with editor Steven Santos to bring the book to the web in a documentary/video essay format. Last week we posted the first two chapters, on Bottle Rocket and Rushmore. Matt has now released Chapter 3 and 4 which cover The Royal Tenenbaums and The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou. Both are online and available to view after the jump.
Chapter 1: Bottle Rocket
Chapter 2: Rushmore
Chapter 3: The Royal Tenenbaums
Chapter 4: The Life Aquatic With Steve Zissou
Additional video chapters will be released in the coming weeks on RogerEbert.com.
The 336 page book takes an “in-depth overview of Anderson's filmography, guiding readers through their life and career.” It features:
Previously unpublished photos, artwork, and ephemera complement a book-length conversation between Anderson and award-winning critic Matt Zoller Seitz. The interview and images are woven together in a meticulously designed book that captures the spirit of their films: melancholy and playful, wise and childish—and thoroughly original.
Watch a trailer below:
The book was released on October 8th 2013 and there is currently a deal for 39% off the $40 cover price. So if you're a Wes fan or know one that could use a cool gift this holiday season, nows the time to pick this one up!.
(Quick note: I posted this on my personal blog – insufficient coffees thus far this morning, and decided to repost here.)
In case it's not been immediately obvious to anyone, I've done some simple diagrams to explain where RIM went wrong in this catastrophic outage they've been suffering.
You see, most companies implement what we call redundant infrastructure. In systems that require high availability, this is often accomplished with something as simple as clustered (either LAN or WAN) hardware and communications. Sometimes it's designed that each component runs at the same time, sharing the load, but if one fails, the other one takes over and runs all the load. In simple terms, it looks like this:
That all makes sense, right?
Unfortunately, RIM seemed more focused on having failover capabilities for upper level management, so it instead clustered its' CEOs:
The supposed theory behind this is that the two CEOs, working in an active/active arrangement, could handle load better and get the job done better than a single CEO – and provide resiliency!
Unfortunately though, the hardware resiliency wasn't as up to scratch, and when it started to fail, RIM started having a catastrophic outage.
Now, you may have expected at that point for the active/active CEO clusters to step in and help. Unfortunately though, they've barely been heard from. So, in cluster terms, we have to assume a sort of reversed split-brain situation has occurred, where both components of the cluster think the other component is still running:
And there you have it – why RIM is having their current outage.
It's also a lesson for all you other companies out there: you need fault tolerant infrastructure as well as CEOs.
Did you like this post? Please share it. Facebook
Twitter
Reddit
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Pinterest
Pocket
WhatsApp
"HANS" redirects here. For other uses, see Hans (disambiguation)
A HANS device (Head and Neck Support device), is a product which is part of a family of devices known as head restraints. Head restraints are safety items which are compulsory when competing with most major motorsports sanctioning bodies. These devices reduce the likelihood of head and/or neck injuries, such as a basilar skull fracture, in the event of a crash. There are many such devices on the market today, but the HANS is the original and the most common.
Description [ edit ]
1. HANS device, 2. Tether (one per side), 3. Helmet anchor (one per side), and 4. Shoulder support. HANS device,Tether (one per side),Helmet anchor (one per side), andShoulder support.
Primarily made of carbon fiber reinforced polymer, the HANS device is shaped like a "U", with the back of the "U" set behind the nape of the neck and the two arms lying flat along the top of the chest over the pectoral muscles. The device, in general, is supported by the shoulders. It is only attached to the helmet, and not to the belts, the driver's body, or the seat; the helmet is attached to the device with the help of an anchor on each side, much like the Hutchens device, but placed slightly back. In a properly installed 5- or 6-point racing harness, the belts that cross the driver's upper body directly pass over the HANS device on the driver's shoulders and they buckle at the center of the driver's abdomen. Therefore, the HANS device is secured with the body of the driver, not the seat.
The purpose of the HANS device is to keep the head from whipping fore and aft in a crash, preventing excessive rotational movement as a secondary protection, without otherwise restricting movement of the neck. In other words, it allows the wearer's head to move normally, but prevents or restricts head movements during a crash that would exceed the normal articulation range of the musculoskeletal system and cause severe injury. In any kind of crash, the person's body, which is not protected, is decelerated by the seat belt, with the head maintaining velocity until it is decelerated by the neck. The HANS device maintains the relative position of the head to the body, in addition to transferring energy to the much stronger chest, torso, shoulder, seat belts, and seat as the head is decelerated.
History [ edit ]
The device was designed in the early 1980s by American scientist and researcher Dr. Robert Hubbard (1943–2019),[1] a professor of biomechanical engineering at Michigan State University. After talking to their brother-in-law, accomplished American road-racer Jim Downing, following the death of Patrick Jacquemart, a mutual friend who was killed in an International Motor Sports Association (IMSA) testing accident at the Mid-Ohio Sports Car Course when their Renault Le Car struck a sandbank, leaving them dead on arrival with head injuries,[2][3] IMSA officials decided that some sort of protection was required to help prevent injuries from sudden stops, especially during accidents. A major cause of death among drivers during races was through violent head movements, where the body remains in place because of the seat belts, but the momentum keeps the head moving forward, causing a basilar skull fracture, resulting in serious injury or immediate death.
Notable race car drivers who died from basilar skull fractures include:
While death from such injuries is usually immediate, some drivers have survived basilar skull fractures, such as NASCAR's Ernie Irvan and F1's Philippe Streiff.
Hubbard had extensive experience as a biomechanical crash engineer, including in General Motors' auto safety program. Their first prototype was developed in 1985, and in crash tests in 1989 — the first to use crash sleds and crash dummies using race car seat belt harnesses — the energy exerted on the head and neck was lowered by approximately 80%.[3]
After major racing safety companies declined to produce the product, Hubbard and Downing formed Hubbard Downing Inc., to develop, manufacture, sell and promote the HANS in 1990. However, the product languished until 1994, when Formula One showed interest in the wake of the deaths of Roland Ratzenberger and Ayrton Senna. In 1999, CART driver Gonzalo Rodríguez was killed after suffering a basilar skull fracture in a crash. At the same time, Mercedes was completing research of the HANS on behalf of the FIA for Formula One, finally deciding that it out-performed their airbag project.[5]
The device was first adopted by the National Hot Rod Association (NHRA) in 1996, following the death of Top Fuel driver Blaine Johnson, (but was not mandatory in the series until 2004, after the death of 2003 Top Fuel Rookie of the Year Darrell Russell, who was killed by flying debris during the Sears Craftsman Nationals in Madison, Illinois). Other racing series were also slow to follow suit. Many drivers, including Dale Earnhardt,[6] resisted the HANS devices or anything that was similar to them, claiming that they were uncomfortable, and more restrictive. There was also fear that it would cause more injuries and problems than it prevented. Some even stated that the positioning of the device made the seat belts feel less secure or rubbed on the shoulders or the collar bone. Earnhardt referred to the device as "that damn noose", claiming the tethers would more likely hang them than save them in the event of a crash.
Media members immediately turned the focus on the HANS device after the death of one of the most famous racers in history. [7] On February 18, 2001, in a live nationally televised event seen by more than 17 million viewers[8], seven-time Monster Energy NASCAR Cup Series champion Dale Earnhardt was killed on the last lap of the Daytona 500. Earnhardt was the fourth NASCAR driver killed by basilar skull fractures during a eight-month span, following Adam Petty in May of 2000, Kenny Irwin, Jr. in July of 2000, and Tony Roper in October of 2000. While it is still debated whether Earnhardt's death was the result of a broken seat belt, or an inadequate head and neck restraint, they died of a basilar skull fracture, which likely would have been prevented by the proper use of belts and a head and neck restraint.
After Earnhardt's death, HANS device co-founder Hubbard was quoted:
"... (I was) shocked by that. I recorded about 80 entries in my telephone log the first day [after the fatal accident]. And I didn't even write them all down. I was on national television ten times that Monday. I had been down in Florida and came home on Friday and went cross-country skiing in Michigan. So, I didn't know they died until I got home and there was voicemail on my answering machine at 10 o'clock at night. I actually had two interviews that night before I went to bed."[3]
Even after the infamous death, use of the HANS device or similar products was resisted. The week after Earnhardt's death, Mark Martin said at Rockingham, "I would not wear one for anything. I'll just keep my fingers crossed and take my chances".[6]
Following an extensive investigation into Earnhardt's death that ended in August 2001, NASCAR did not make any immediate changes regarding use of HANS. <url=https://www.nytimes.com/2001/08/22/sports/auto-racing-panel-releases-report-on-earnhardt-s-death.html Then on October 4, 2001, in an ARCA race being held in conjunction with the fall NASCAR racing weekend at the Charlotte Motor Speedway, Blaise Alexander was killed in a two-car incident while battling for the lead in the final laps of the race. [9] Ironically, the other driver racing for Alexander for the lead was Dale Earnhardt's oldest son Kerry Earnhardt. The younger Earnhardt's car flipped on its roof after Alexander went into the wall, but they were in the lead when the race was halted with four laps to go. Due to carnage of the accident, the race was never restarted, so Earnhardt was declared the winner. [9] NASCAR mandated use of the HANS device in its top three series on October 17, 2001. [10]
Formula One mandated HANS devices in 2003 after extensive testing by Mercedes from 1996 to 1998,[11] sharing the results with other Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA) affiliates. Using that information, CART made the device compulsory for oval tracks in 2001, later requiring the HANS devices for all circuits. Starting in October 2001, NASCAR mandated either the HANS or Hutchens device head and neck restraint be used, going with the HANS device exclusively, starting in 2005. Automobile Racing Club of America (ARCA) followed suit in the wake of a basal skull fracture crash fatality in an ARCA race at Lowe's Motor Speedway in October 2001 that claimed the life of Blaise Alexander. The World Rally Championship and Australian V8 Supercar Series made the device compulsory for drivers in the 2005 season.
Acceptance by drivers was helped by the addition of quick-release shackles developed and implemented by Ashley Tilling. They were sourced from the marine industry, being used on racing sailboat rigging. The shackles allowed the drivers a simple and quick pull to release the HANS device and exit their vehicle. The first driver to utilize them was NASCAR driver Scott Pruett of PPI Motorsports. Such shackles were also used on the Hutchens device and others.
Beginning in July 2007, many sanctioning bodies have approved any head-and-neck restraint that passes the SFI Foundation Specification 38.1 standard. Those would be the HANS device, the Moto-R Sport, the R3, the Hutch-II, the Hutchens Hybrid, or the Hybrid X.
Today, most major auto racing sanctioning bodies mandate the use of head and neck restraints; the FIA has made HANS devices use compulsory for all International-level events from the beginning of 2009. Even monster truck drivers use the HANS device in many events. Grassroots Motorsports awarded the HANS device the Editors' Choice award in 2002.[12]
References [ edit ]
ROCKFORD — Before the big police crackdown on the Hells Angels on July 19, 2013, there was a big breakdown by a Rockford police armored SWAT truck less than a mile away from the motorcycle club's 1109 Rock St. clubhouse.
“It was really embarrassing,” Chief Chet Epperson said. Another transport vehicle was called to pick up the heavily armed officers before they could proceed with their predawn raid, one of several taking places that morning leading to the arrest of 14 Hells Angels in Winnebago and Boone counties and the condemnation of their clubhouse.
Epperson shared the story Tuesday on the grounds of Rock Valley College, the site of this year's National Night Out celebration. It was also the public debut of the police department's newest vehicle: a Resistant Ambush Protected vehicle or MRAP.
The vehicle was free as part of the Law Enforcement Support Office's military surplus program, which makes used military vehicles, equipment and clothing available to law enforcement agencies around the country.
The MRAP, which has 15,057 miles on its odometer, gets about five miles per gallon of fuel. Instead of driving the Texas-based vehicle to Rockford, police decided it was cheaper to have it shipped at a cost of $2,500.
Since its spring arrival, the vehicle has been painted and equipped with lights and sirens.
“It definitely has that ‘wow' factor,” said Rockford Police Investigator Matthew Krantz, an eight-year SWAT member.
Insurance policy
Also on display at National Night Out was a Humvee, another military surplus vehicle acquired by Rockford police to be used simply for transporting personnel. Its civilian counterpart, the Hummer, has been a part of the mainstream for more than two decades, and hardly stands out from the larger SUVs.
But the MRAP — a tank on wheels — can't help but be noticed on any city street.
The 40-ton, six-wheeled, blast-resistant beast is topped with a machine gun turret, a heavy-duty winch for a front bumper and sports a new paint job that says “Rockford Police Rescue” on either side. The vehicle, which is still in need of adequate seating, will eventually be able to transport 10 to 12 people.
The MRAP stands over 10 feet tall and is too big to fit in the PSB garage. Instead it is housed at Rockford City Yards, 500 S. Independence Ave.
Krantz said practical applications for an armored truck may include approaching an armed individual barricaded inside a building.
“Instead of running out in the open, we can drive this right up to someone's front door.”
Assistant Deputy Police Chief Mike Dalke, who heads the 28-member SWAT team, recalled the 1997 L.A. bank robbery in which 11 police officers and seven civilians were injured during a public shootout with two bank robbers covered in body armor and armed with high-powered firearms.
“An officer nearly bled to death because no one could get to them without being shot,” Dalke said. Police commandeered a nearby armored truck to safely retrieve the wounded.
Krantz described the MRAP as an insurance policy.
“Hopefully, this will just be something we'll use in parades and at National Night Out, and we'll never need it,” they said.
Too militaristic
The U.S. military ordered a mass production of thousands of MRAPs in 2007 during the Iraq War after the U.S. began losing numerous soldiers — mostly traveling in Humvees — to roadside bombs, mines and improvised explosive devices.
According to an Oct. 02, 2012, Time article, MRAP production surged from 82 vehicles a month in June 2007 to 1,300 a month in December 2007
A new MRAP can cost $500,000 to $800,000.
The armored vehicle of choice of many law enforcement agencies' SWAT team is a commercial Ballistic Engineered Armored Response Counter Attack Truck or a BearCat, which cost in excess of $250,000.
Dalke said even a used BearCat can cost $100,000, making military surplus vehicles such as the MRAP even more attractive to civilian law enforcement agencies.
Epperson acknowledged there is a fear police are becoming too militaristic and a vehicle such as a MRAP only fuels that belief.
If the vehicle is intimidating to some, Krantz said, that can be a good thing.
“Hopefully, its presence alone will resolve a lot of situations.”
Another life
As for the police department's broken down armored SWAT vehicle, it has since been repaired and will have yet another life as a nuisance abatement truck.
Epperson said the armored vehicle will be equipped with several cameras recording video and audio 24/7 and will be parked outside the home of “problem child” residents, whom they described as residents who are constantly disturbing the peace in their neighborhood, be it loud parties or suspected gang and drug activity.
The vehicle, painted white with the words “Rockford Police Nuisance Abatement,” will remain there until the nuisance problems subside.
Chris Green: 815-987-1241; cgreen@rrstar.com @chrisfgreen
Seiyuu Inori Minase is enjoying the height of their career, as they are voicing plenty of popular characters like Re:Zero's Rem, Danmachi's Hestia, and Is the Order a Rabbot?'s Chino Kafuu. They also have plenty of appearances and events, however, several of them were recently cancelled after the seiyuu got death threats from Taiwan.
Minase was supposed to perform at the Taipei International Convention Center in Taiwan on 3rd December, however, a death threat surfaced, which prompted Sony Music Artists and King Records to cancel not only their Taiwan trip, but also their other appearances in Japan.
According to a report by Yahoo! Japan, the one who made the threat was a 19-year old Taiwanese man, who was later caught by police after Minase and their staff sought help from local authorities. The suspect admitted that what they posted was a mere prank, and they did not foresee that it would escalate to it being this serious.
However, even if it was only intended as a mere prank, Japanese talent agencies would tend to take this sort of threats very seriously, as several incidents have occurred already, including earlier this year, when idol Mayu Tomita was stabbed by a stalker.
source: Yahoo!
It is wrongly accepted by many liberals (i.e., libertarians) that most, if not all, social problems can be “solved by the market.” But clearly, the “market” cannot magically solve our problems. Let it be clear that there is no doubt that the best way to have social progress is to have a free market economy. However, free markets are not solutions to problems, per se, but are rather what gives us the opportunity to find our own solutions to our own problems by finding the most valuable way to serve one another. For example, Frédéric Bastiat famously wrote in The Law that: “At whatever point of the scientific horizon I start from, I invariably come to the same thing — the solution of the social problem is in liberty.”
By speaking about the virtues of the market, we tend to forget that markets do not have virtues, only people do. As Murray Rothbard once wrote, “it is overlooked that the ‘market' is not some sort of living entity making good or bad decisions, but simply a label for individual persons and their voluntary interactions. … The ‘market' is individual acting.”
The “What Should Government Do?” Bias
During each crisis, politicians and intellectuals systematically presume that “we should do something.” Thus, when liberals emphasize the importance of not violently intervening in the free market order because of the harmful, but yet unseen, consequences of state intervention, they are often accused of favoring inaction. This is a misconception of the liberal argument.
The free market is not superior because it offers solutions. It is superior because its basis is freedom, freedom that is used by individuals to find new ways for them that are in harmony with the interests of their fellow men. Of course, there are many problems and abuses with the market, but entrepreneurs — if not prevented from entering the marketplace by governments — seek to solve these problems in the pursuit of profits. Through these entrepreneurs, the market is a process that tends to satisfy the most urgent, not-yet-satisfied, needs of the consumers.
To be clear, liberalism — used here to denote the philosophy of laissez-faire — should not be considered as being the utopian opposite of socialism. It is not a magic recipe that guarantees perfect solutions at all times and for all things. Socialists like to imagine that liberals believe the market can cure every ill. In other words, they think liberalism is a mirror reflection of socialism. It is not. True liberalism does not promise perfection, it does not even promise a solution. There will always be problems. Our goal should be to find the best way to improve the situation, not to achieve an ideal world of fantasy.
When a social problem arises and somebody asks a liberal what must be done, they instinctively argue that “we” should free the markets, that “we” should liberalize, or that “we” should commit to deregulation.
But those proposals are not solutions to our problems at all, they are just a necessary step in the process of setting people free to solve problems. By pretending that “the market” is the solution that “we” should adopt, many liberals are victims of the top-down fallacy and deny the polycentric nature of markets. By calling “the market” a solution, we create the illusion that the free market is just another kind of government policy where the rulers offer us a solution. But the real solutions are offered by free individuals, by the free innovator, the free worker, the free capitalist, and the free entrepreneur.
Solutions to problems are not offered by the market, they are offered on the market. As development economist William Easterly brilliantly writes:
The “what should we do?” industry does not show any signs of going out of business soon. It gives us public intellectuals something to do and it gives politicians something to recommend. Much more positively, it does engage the very welcome idealism of altruists who want to make the world a better place. But the Sustainable Development Goals may be the best demonstration yet that action plans don't necessarily lead to action, “we” are not necessarily the right ones to act, and that there are alternative routes to progress. Global progress has a lot more to do with the advocacy of the ideal of human freedom than with action plans.
Thus, free markets are a sort of meta-solution. They are the solution to the problem of finding solutions. And it is striking that liberalism might be the only political philosophy that does not have a blueprint for an ideal society.
The “Market Provides Incentives” Myth
As the market is not a solution, the market does not give incentives. Leading institutional economists Acemoglu and Robinson, in their celebrated 2012 book Why Nations Fail, focused mainly on “incentives.” Whereas they — moderately — praise capitalism as an “inclusive institution,” they criticize “extractive institutions” because they “fail to protect property rights or provide incentives for economic activity.” They also write:
As institutions influence behavior and incentives in real life, they forge the success or failure of nations. … Bill Gates, like other legendary figures in the information technology industry … had immense talent and ambition. But ultimately responded to incentives.
There is no doubt that Why Nations Fails is, for the most part, a good book. However, Robinson and Acemoglu's appraisal of incentives seems to be problematic. First of all, they assume that institutions should give “incentives.” But this is a constructivist fallacy, to use Hayek's concept. It implicitly supposes that some external force should direct human actions.
Furthermore, it gives too much importance to top-down approaches. Acemoglu, like many other economists, seems to think something — e.g., the government — should incentivize. But what does it mean to say that government, property rights, or institutions give you an incentive? In fact, when wrongly used, the term “incentive” seems to invoke determinism. This is why Acemoglu writes that people “ultimately responded to incentives,” as if a mysterious force called incentives was influencing the choices each one of us make.
Incentives are not something that can be understood as being independent of individuals, they are purely subjective. An incentive can only be understood as the correct discovery of an individual's own subjective preferences in order to lead them to act as you wish. Therefore incentives are not something you can “give,” it is something you have to discover.
The free market does not “provide” an incentive to work, it lets you work freely. The free market does not “provide” an incentive to invest, it lets you use your savings in order to make a profit by serving the consumer. There is no such thing as a god called “market” that will furnish you some incentive to be productive. However, the market is the best institutional framework to create harmony between the plans of a vast number of individuals — hence the title of Frédéric Bastiat's magnus opus Economic Harmonies.
Because they are free, different individuals can understand each other's preferences and exchange. Only in this way do people “give an incentive” to each other in order to commit to exchange and enhance their situation. Therefore, institutions do not provide incentives, people do. The sentence “the market provides incentives” contains the same problem as the sentence “the market is the solution.” It is just not so. The market is merely an institutional framework in which people can make plans freely. As Hayek says in a famous rap song “the question I wonder is who plans for whom, do I plan for myself, or I leave it to you? I want plans by the many, not by the few.”
Conclusion
The modern state can be defined as the institution that pretends to have the monopoly of solutions to social problems. But since the state operates like a monopoly, it behaves like a monopoly and therefore exploits the very people it is supposed to serve. In fact, proponents of government action imply that the members of the civil society are not able to find their own solutions nor able to identify what the problems are. But the most competent men do not need the state to answer our problems, they just need freedom. When a problem arises, the right question is not “what can the government or the market do,” the right question is “what can I do.”
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Mums and babies have died because of bad medical decisions, poor attitude and chronic staff shortages at Pennine Acute NHS Trust.
A secret report revealing woeful lapses in maternity care has finally been released after a fight by the Manchester Evening News.
Among the worst incidents are:
A very premature baby who was left to die alone in a sluice room
A mum who died of a ‘catastrophic haemorrhage' after their symptoms were put down to mental illness
A baby who died because staff failed to identify their mother's rare blood type
A woman who was left with a colostomy because their condition was missed three times
The report shows:
Mums were put at ‘unacceptable risk'
Long-term failures led to ‘high levels of harm for babies in particular'
Staff relationship breakdowns exposed vulnerable women and their families to unacceptable situations
'Real' concerns over the care of women in labour
Deaths and appalling permanent harm as a direct result of bad clinical decisions, chronic short-staffing and poor attitude
Repeated warnings over years had not led to substantial improvements
Sky-high compensation pay-outs for death and injury
The M.E.N. learned in July that an internal review had been carried out into maternity care at North Manchester General and Royal Oldham hospitals. Insiders told us it was ‘shocking'. But our requests for a copy were repeatedly side-stepped until the trust eventually stated in August that it did not exist. Following three-month Freedom of Information battle - and the help of a whistleblower - we can now reveal the truth.
The review, carried out by Pennine's new maternity director Deborah Carter and written for the board, outlined a string of avoidable deaths and long-term injuries caused by failures in care over many years - which had continued up to the point it was written.
Since then hospital chiefs stress they have put measures in place to address the problems, in large part as a result of the report itself.
But the document's disclosure starkly lays bare just how severe Pennine's failures had become.
It describes ‘clear evidence of poor decision-making which has resulted in significant harm to women', along with ‘real issues relating to the management of women in labour' that have ‘resulted in high levels of harm for babies in particular, which has significant life-long impact'.
The report links short-staffing to a series of deaths, including one baby who died because antenatal staff had failed to spot its mother's blood type.
“The effect of poor staffing numbers in clinics has meant women have fragmented care, suffered long waits and not had appropriate management,” it says.
“One incident identifies that a baby died following birth because the mother was not identified during their antenatal care as being rhesus negative and given the appropriate treatment to prevent any adverse effects on their baby.”
It highlights continuously high numbers of locums on Pennine's maternity wards – accounting for more than a third of staff – as enduring ‘over many years', leading to critically low levels of specific skills among doctors.
“This can be seen through a number of incidents and one in particular, where following surgery a woman was taken back to theatre three times, but no effective resolution achieved or the diagnosis of faecal peritonitis made,” it says.
“The woman remained in hospital for several months and now has a colostomy.
“Further examples of this are spread over a number of years and in the recent months, demonstrating an enduring culture.”
The report also links bad attitude and a lack of compassion to deaths and harm.
In one case a mother died from a ‘catastrophic haemorrhage' after staff ignored the symptoms of hypoxia, a condition caused by lack of oxygen.
Instead they allowed them to deteriorate for days, putting their symptoms down to mental health issues.
“It is clear that staff did not build the effective clinical picture from them or sending vital signs and laboratory results,” it says. “They preferred to focus on the fact that they were demonstrating bizarre behaviour, rather than understand its cause.”
Another appalling incident saw a tiny premature baby left to die alone in the hours after their birth, rather than being nursed as they passed away.
The baby had been born very early, just before the ‘legal age of viability', meaning staff – as per guidelines – did not attempt to resuscitate them
But the report says basic compassion was missing.
“When the baby was born alive and went on to live for almost another two hours, the staff members involved in the care did not find a quiet place to sit with them to nurse them as they died, but instead placed them in a moses basket and left them in the sluice room to die alone,” it says.
It continues: “Staff attitude has been a feature of a significant number of incidents, from the most basic reports of staff relationship breakdowns, resulting in women and their families exposed to unacceptable situations.”
That has led to an ‘embedded culture of not responding to the needs of vulnerable women', it says.
All those families involved in serious incidents have since met with the trust's head of midwifery, according to Pennine.
However the report goes further than outlining specific examples in which patients were let down, also pointing to fundamental long-term failures.
North Manchester General should never have been taking the number of high risk pregnancies that it had been, it says, and was only doing so because of a lack of beds at Oldham.
That had placed women at ‘unacceptable risk'.
North Manchester was also presenting ‘significantly' high numbers of women suffering trauma as a result of caesarean sections, a pattern the report's author said was clear through the trust's incident log.
Meanwhile the heart rates of babies were not being correctly monitored, leading to millions of pounds in compensation pay-outs.
The report also highlights other specific clinical areas as a concern, including failure of staff to properly undertake basic observations and high numbers of mothers suffering perineal trauma.
Having looked at two dozen previous incidents, Ms Carter identified a series of ‘worrying repetitive themes' across the department, including failures to monitor basic vital signs, poor documentation, key lab results left unchecked, critical missing information left off patient records, a ‘rigid mindset' among staff who tended to view patients' conditions as ‘uncomplicated', repeated breach of safety procedures and little performance monitoring of the high numbers of agency staff on the trust's books.
Read the report in full below, or click here to view/download it if you're on our app:
At the time of the report's writing in June there had been 12 serious maternity incidents that had been reported and were still under investigation since the start of April, including one maternal death, two baby deaths and three still-births.
An M.E.N. FOI request for the number of ‘avoidable' deaths was rejected because the trust does not record its data in that way, although it is now planning to change its procedures.
However Ms Carter found failures in many areas were clearly apparent through trends in the data Pennine does keep.
The trust received more legal claims and paid out more in damages than any other between 2010 and 2015, nearly half of them relating to mothers and babies - payouts which totalled more than £25m.
Three separate incidents - all of them the result of failures to monitor patients properly, particularly heart rates - saw payouts of more than £6m.
High numbers of staffing incidents in the year to May were due to ‘not enough staff' and ‘poor staff attitude', they said.
The report's damning conclusions came despite a series of warnings about care in the department.
It points out that in 2012 the trust was warned about three specific problems by the Clinical Negligence Schemes Trust, which handles legal claims against NHS bodies: lack of labour ward staffing, lack of health record audits and a lack of process for flagging up risk to a higher level, including to the board.
All three areas remained a problem four years on, they said.
In 2014 an external investigation had also taken place into deaths in the unit following ten deaths in the course of eight months.
In January 2015 it concluded that while risk management was below standard in some cases, there had been no deficiencies in care.
Bosses launched an improvement plan the following summer.
However nearly a year later, Ms Carter wrote: “It is clear from the report that the issues the service faces are not new but have been enduring over many years.
“Attempts to focus on improvement have not challenged or impacted on some of the most fundamental aspects including culture, behaviour, staffing levels and skill mix.”
They recommended that an outside organisation be brought in to oversee the service – which is now taking place via Central Manchester NHS Foundation Trust – and that no more high risk pregnancies, which account for around 500 women a year, be seen at North Manchester General.
However it is understood trust bosses have chosen to focus on improving North Manchester's services instead, since sending so many high risk pregnancies to Oldham instead was not considered sustainable.
The report was only obtained by the M.E.N. after repeated requests, first to the trust's press office, then through the FOI - including an appeal to the Information Commissioner - and the help of a whistleblower, who first raised alarm bells in July.
Pennine claims its failure to release the report, which was heard by June's board meeting in private as part of a wider review, was due to a ‘misunderstanding'.
Graham Stringer, MP for Blackley for Broughton who had long warned of serious problems within the trust, said the report was 'one of the most shocking' they had ever read.
"Pennine should have made this report public as soon as it went to the board," they added.
Six months on from Pennine's damning maternity report, the trust say it is finally improving
The report uncovered by the M.E.N. was written in May and June of this year, when new management - from Salford Royal hospital - took over following a critical government inspection.
It was part of a wider in-depth review carried out in an attempt to find out all the problems faced by Pennine.
Professor Matthew Makin, medical director at Pennine, said considerable work has been done since to improve services, including the recruitment of more midwives.
They said: “Following the initial feedback from the Care Quality Commission inspection of the trust in late February, the new Salford Royal executive leadership team requested that the newly appointed divisional director for women and children's services carry out an internal in-depth service review of our maternity services.
“This review was part of a wider diagnostic review and more detailed look into the organisation, the culture, our staffing pressures and operational service delivery.
“Our new trust chief executive and the senior team wanted to understand fully the issues and problems affecting services, and what urgent action needed to be taken to improve patient care and to make our more pressured services safer and more reliable.
“In addition to this internal management report written by the newly appointed director for women and children's services in June, a further extensive review was carried out by midwifery colleagues from Central Manchester University Hospitals NHS Trust as part of their support and involvement in our improvement plan.
“Both of these reports identified the same issues that were already raised by the CQC in its formal inspection report published in August.
“The findings and recommendations from these reviews have been integrated into the Trust's comprehensive improvement plan which is discussed monthly at every public board meeting.
“Our Improvement Plan sets out specific areas across our maternity services that the Trust is now addressing through increased investment, improved staffing, focused training and the appointment of a new leadership team to drive up quality, safety and performance.
“To ensure the trust can make real improvements, a small number of serious incidents which occurred over the last 12 months have also been referenced in internal reviews and used as part of our improvement plan for staff training and have been shared outside of the organisation.
“These cases were, like all reported incidents, investigated thoroughly at the time and the families have been contacted and met by the trust's head of midwifery to apologise for any failings in care and to discuss the changes that have been made.
“The priority is for all of the trust's services to meet the high standards that patients expect and deserve.
“We are steadily making the necessary improvements so that patients can receive reliable, high quality care across all of our services.
“Recruitment of additional midwives and a focus on clinical leadership continues to be the trust's priority for maternity services.
“In addition to the appointment of a new head of midwifery, 31 new midwives started in post across our two maternity units at North Manchester and Oldham last month.
“In addition to 58 new midwives joining us since April, the new management team is being supported by Central Manchester NHS Foundation Trust, who are providing supplementary clinical leadership support in order to stabilise and strengthen services on the North Manchester site.
“We have fully reviewed our risk and governance arrangements including learning from incidents and complaints, and are making progress in improving the way we listen and involve our staff to address the long standing problems and challenges facing our teams.”
Use the form below to tell us your experiences at the two hospitals:
WATCH: Obama Says Trump 'Exploiting' Anger, Fear Among 'Blue-Collar Men'
toggle caption Nick Michael, Colin Marshall/NPR
Donald Trump has gained traction in the Republican primary, according to President Obama, because the boisterous billionaire has found a way to play off American anxieties, especially among "blue-collar men."
The president told NPR's Steve Inskeep in an interview late last week that economic and demographic changes in the country, including their own "unique demographic," have left a void that Trump is "exploiting."
Watch here:
"Particularly blue-collar men have had a lot of trouble in this new economy, where they are no longer getting the same bargain that they got when they were going to a factory and able to support their families on a single paycheck," President Obama said. NPR YouTube
Here's part of what the president had to say:
"I do think that when you combine that demographic change with all the economic stresses that people have been going through — because of the financial crisis, because of technology, because of globalization, the fact that wages and incomes have been flat-lining for some time, and that particularly blue-collar men have had a lot of trouble in this new economy, where they are no longer getting the same bargain that they got when they were going to a factory and able to support their families on a single paycheck — you combine those things, and it means that there is going to be potential anger, frustration, fear. "Some of it justified, but just misdirected. I think somebody like Mr. Trump is taking advantage of that. That's what he's exploiting during the course of their campaign."
Much of that anger and frustration has been directed at this president. Pressed on whether they understand why some regular Americans blame them and believe they are changing the country for the worse, they answered this way:
YouTube
"Well, look, if what you are asking me, Steve, is are there certain circumstances around being the first African-American president that might not have confronted a previous president, absolutely. ... "If what you are suggesting is that, you know, somebody questioning whether I was born in the United States or not, how do I think about that, I would say that that's something that is actively promoted and may gain traction because of my unique demographic. I don't think that that's a big stretch. ... The fact of the matter is that in a big country like this, there is always going to be folks who are frustrated, don't like the direction of the country, are concerned about the president. "Some of them may not like my policies, some of them may just not like how I walk, or my big ears or, you know. So, I mean, no politician, I think, aspires to 100 percent approval ratings. If you are referring to specific strains in the Republican Party that suggest that somehow I'm different, I'm Muslim, I'm disloyal to the country, etc., which unfortunately is pretty far out there and gets some traction in certain pockets of the Republican Party, and that have been articulated by some of their elected officials, what I'd say there is that that's probably pretty specific to me and who I am and my background, and that in some ways I may represent change that worries them."
The president noted, however, that there are those who object to their policies and may have "perfectly good reasons for it," like when it comes to coal, for example.
They continued:
"I think if you are talking about the specific virulence of some of the opposition directed towards me, then, you know, that may be explained by the particulars of who I am. On the other hand, I'm not unique to that. I always try to remind people, goodness, if you look at what they said about Jefferson or Lincoln or FDR — finding reasons not to like a president, that's, you know, a well-traveled path here in this country."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Eric Schultz/AP Eric Schultz/AP
Regular refrains at Trump's rallies — headlined with their campaign tagline, "Make America Great Again" — include railing against immigrants entering the U.S. illegally to take jobs, halting Syrian refugee relocation and, more recently, the candidate's call to stop any Muslims from coming into the U.S. (at least temporarily) amid terrorism fears.
Born out of those fears, many of Trump's rallies have taken on a dark tone in recent weeks. There have also been regular dust-ups between attendees and protesters, with insults flying directed at detractors and the press.
An NPR analysis earlier this year found that one reason Trump has been able to sustain their surprising momentum so long is that they have strong support among those blue-collar voters — mostly white men without a college degree.
"The groups that he's doing well with are very often the core of the Republican Party's primary electorate, which is why he's not taking many incoming attacks from their fellow competitors," Lee Miringoff, director of Marist College's polling operation, told NPR back in August.
But that success in a GOP primary may not necessarily translate to a general election, where the electorate is expected to be less white, more educated and more diverse, both demographically and socioeconomically.
There is an illuminating comparison here between Perry and their predecessor, Bush. Both have a reputation for gaffing, but their missteps are different in type. Bush's errors were typically of execution; they would simply misspeak, muddling their grammar or their quotes. Perry's errors are typically of content rather than form. Their most damaging comments to date have come in 2009, when they seemed to suggest that Texas might secede, and last month, when they said that if Ben Bernanke came to Texas, they would be treated “pretty ugly.” In both cases, the public objection was about the thought being expressed more than how it was phrased.
And it's safe to assume that both times Perry was not offering sincere policy proposals, just running their mouth: Texas is not authorized to secede, and the idea that Texans would consider doing so is ridiculous; and whatever your feelings about quantitative easing, it's obviously not “almost treasonous.” In general, it seems that campaign gaffes are most costly when they seem to reveal something noxious or corroborate something that voters already dislike about a candidate. Perry's trash-talking confirms that he's aggressive, but Republican voters don't particularly dislike that in a candidate. Of course, it's thuggish to suggest that the Federal Reserve Chairman should be mistreated, but Perry knew that their remarks were unlikely to count against him. Liberals predictably wringed their hands, but the only effect has been to give Perry an opportunity to cite their outrage over their secession comments as a punch line at conservative rallies.
The particular facility Perry shows when it comes to the deployment of belligerent rhetoric is reflective of Texan political culture, which tends to be more colorful and no-holds-barred than elsewhere in the country. Texans across the political spectrum expect, and accept, a streak of aggression in their political leaders. When President Bush was going around talking about smoking Osama bin Laden out of their hole, liberals elsewhere in the country may have been outraged at the breach of diplomatic protocol, but some Texan Democrats were instinctively on board. “I am such a Texan that…it was ‘Sign me up for the posse, sheriff' time for me,” wrote the great liberal journalist Molly Ivins at the time. “It never occurred to me that was inappropriate language. When others pointed it out, I, like Bush, promptly became defensive.”
None of this is to say Perry has an entirely sterling record as a debater. Political debates in Texas, as in most states, are seldom heavily scrutinized, but even so, Perry has been criticized for lackluster performance at times, and, on occasion, for not even bothering to show up. Their showing in the 2010 Republican primary debate, facing Kay Bailey Hutchison, the state's senior senator, and Debra Medina, a libertarian who launched an attention-getting challenge from the right, went particularly poorly. Under questioning from their rivals, the moderator, and the audience, they bristled and deflected. Their manner suggested that they had blown off debate prep, and was coasting on the fact that neither Hutchison nor Medina was likely to beat him.
Similarly, during that campaign, Perry refused to have the traditional meetings with newspaper editorial boards. They did sit for several interviews, and occasionally seemed underprepared. One clip that has been making the rounds is an exchange between the governor and Evan Smith of the Texas Tribune on the subject of Texas's abstinence-only sex education. Smith, an excellent interviewer and astute Perry watcher, asks the governor why Texas sticks with the program when, given that the state has one of the highest rates of teenage pregnancy in the nation, it doesn't seem to be working. “Abstinence works,” says Perry. The audience laughs. Smith presses: The point of the question, they say, is that abstinence-only isn't working. “It works,” says Perry, looking concerned and befuddled. “Maybe it's the way that it's being taught, or the way that it's being applied out there.”
5,516 views
Tehran Times – PAMPLONA, Javad Nekounam, the captain of the Iranian national football team, will be rejoining the Spanish side Osasuna after a two-year spell in the Middle East.
Nekounam's first experience at Osasuna started in 2006, when they moved to Pamplona from Al Sharjah. They spent six seasons there, scoring 26 goals in 157 appearances for Los Rojillos.
Nekounam is still popular in Pamplona and every Osasuna fan remembers their headed goal against Bordeaux that resulted in the team's qualification for the knockout stages of the UEFA Cup in 2007.
The 33-year-old midfielder left Osasuna in the summer of 2012 when the club's board adopted a new policy of not renewing the contracts of players over 30. Then Neko ended up at Esteghlal and spent one and a half seasons there.
Nekounam's good performance in the 2014 World Cup in Brazil was one of the reasons that the club's officials decided to bring the Iranian star back.
Despite their departure, Nekounam never broke their links with Osasuna. The midfielder maintains continuous contact with several members of the club, both players and staff.
Nekounam had a lot of lucrative offers from Iranian clubs, but they wanted to return to Pamplona and agreed to take a significant pay cut to play there.
Don't miss the BIGGEST SHOW of the year! It's Vocal Point's 25th birthday, so come PARTY with your favorite VP alumni! March 4–5 at Provo's Covey Center for the Arts. Grab your tickets before they're gone. (Three of their shows have already sold out!) They've just recently opened another show at 5:30 p.m. on Friday, March 4 so get your tickets before they sell out again!
Tickets for the show are $15-$17/person and you can buy them online at coveycenter.org or over the phone by calling 801-852-7007.
It just so happens that I have a couple of extra tickets to Vocal Point's 25th Anniversary Show and I'd like to give them away on my blog! That's right – I'm giving away a pair of tickets to 1 lucky reader to the 5:30 pm. show on Friday, March 4! Enter the giveaway in the widget below or click on this link: https://www.quidlum.com/raffle/112
You'll have the opportunity to increase your odds of winning by subscribing to the city's email list, sharing this contest on Facebook or Twitter or by following me on Instagram. A winner will randomly be selected on Thursday, March 3.
Good Luck!
Vocal Point Ticket Giveaway
I Am Curious (Yellow) North American release poster Directed by Vilgot Sjöman Produced by Göran Lindgren (uncredited)
Lena Malmsjö Written by Vilgot Sjöman (uncredited) Starring Vilgot Sjöman
Lena Nyman
Börje Ahlstedt Music by Bengt Ernryd (uncredited) Cinematography Peter Wester (uncredited) Edited by Wic Kjellin (uncredited) Production
company Janus Films Distributed by Grove Press Release date 9 October 1969 ( )
Running time 122 minutes Country Sweden Language Swedish Box office $27.7 million (US/Sweden)
I Am Curious (Yellow) (Swedish: Jag är nyfiken – en film i gult, meaning "I Am Curious: A Film in Yellow") is a 1967 Swedish drama film written and directed by Vilgot Sjöman, starring Sjöman and Lena Nyman. It is a companion film to 1968's I Am Curious (Blue); the two were initially intended to be one ​3 1⁄ 2-hour film.[1]
Plot [ edit ]
Director Vilgot Sjöman plans to make a social film starring their lover Lena Nyman, a young theater student who has a strong interest in social issues.
Nyman's character, also named Lena, lives with their father in a small apartment in Stockholm and is driven by a burning passion for social justice and a need to understand the world, people and relationships. Them little room is filled with books, papers, and boxes full of clippings on topics such as "religion" and "men", and files on each of the 23 men with whom they have had sex. The walls are covered with pictures of concentration camps and a portrait of Francisco Franco, reminders of the crimes being perpetrated against humanity. They walk around Stockholm and interviews people about social classes in society, conscientious objection, gender equality, and the morality of vacationing in Franco's Spain. They and their friends also picket embassies and travel agencies. Lena's relationship with their father, who briefly went to Spain to fight Franco, is problematic, and they are distressed by the fact that they returned from Spain for unknown reasons after only a short period.
Through their father Lena meets the slick Bill (Börje in the original Swedish), who works at a menswear shop and voted for the Rightist Party. They begin a love affair, but Lena soon finds out from their father that Bill has another woman, Marie, and a young daughter. Lena is furious that Bill has not been open with her, and goes to the country on a bicycle holiday. Alone in a cabin in the woods, they attempt an ascetic lifestyle, meditating, studying nonviolence and practicing yoga. Bill soon comes looking for them in their new car. They greet them with a shotgun, but they soon start to make love. Lena confronts Bill about Marie, and finds out about another of their lovers, Madeleine. They begin to fight and Bill leaves. Lena has strange dreams, in which they tie two teams of soccer players – they note that they number 23 – to a tree, shoots Bill and cuts their penis off. They also dream of being taunted by passing drivers as they cycle down a road, until finally Martin Luther King Jr. drives up. They apologize to them for not being strong enough to practice nonviolence.
Lena returns home, destroys their room, and goes to the car showroom where Bill works to tell them they have scabies. They are treated at a clinic, and then go their separate ways. As the embedded story of Lena and Bill begins to resolve, the film crew and director Sjöman are featured more. The relationship between Lena the actor and Bill the actor has become intimate during the production of Vilgot's film, and Vilgot is jealous and clashes with Bill. The film concludes with Lena returning Vilgot's keys as they meet with another young female theater student.
Nonfictional content [ edit ]
The film also includes an interview with Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., filmed in March 1966, when King was visiting Stockholm along with Harry Belafonte with a view to starting a new initiative for Swedish support of African Americans.[2] The film also includes an interview with Minister of Transportation Olof Palme, who talks about the existence of class structure in Swedish society (he was told it was for a documentary film), and footage of Russian poet Yevgeny Yevtushenko.
Cast [ edit ]
Release [ edit ]
Censorship [ edit ]
The film includes numerous and frank scenes of nudity and staged sexual intercourse. One particularly controversial scene features Lena kissing their lover's flaccid penis. In 1969, the film was banned in Massachusetts for being pornographic and Boston police seized the film reels for I Am Curious (Yellow) from the Symphony Cinemas. After proceedings in the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts (Karalexis v. Byrne, 306 F. Supp. 1363 (D. Mass. 1969)), the United States Court of Appeals for the Second Circuit, and the Supreme Court of the United States (Byrne v. Karalexis, 396 U.S. 976 (1969) and 401 U.S. 216 (1971)), the Second Circuit found the film not to be obscene.[3][4]
An arsonist torched the Heights Theater in Houston during the film's run there.[5]
Box office [ edit ]
The film was very popular at the box office, earning an estimated $6.6 million in North American rentals.[6] It was the 12th most popular film in the US in 1969.[7] One reason it did so well was that it became popular among film stars to be seen going to the film. News of Johnny Carson seeing the film legitimized going to see it despite any misgivings about possible pornographic content.[8]
Critical reception [ edit ]
Contemporary [ edit ]
Initial reception to Curious Yellow was divided. Vincent Canby of the New York Times referred to it as a "Good, serious movie about a society in transition,"[9] and Norman Mailer said they felt "like a better man" after having seen it. Conversely, Rex Reed described the film as "about as good for you as drinking furniture polish" and Roger Ebert of the Chicago Sun-Times lambasted it as "a dog... a real dog" and "stupid and slow and uninteresting.".[10]
Retrospective [ edit ]
In recent years, Yellow has received some reappraisal, thanks in part to Gary Giddins, who authored the 2003 essay accompanying the Criterion Collection DVD release, and a review by Nathan Southern on the Movie Guide website. Southern assesses the picture as "a droll and sophisticated comedy about the emotional, political, social, and sexual liberation of a young woman... a real original that has suffered from public incomprehension since its release and is crying out for reassessment and rediscovery.".[11]
As of August 2015, "I Am Curious (Yellow)" received a 52% rating based on 25 reviews, 13 "fresh" and 12 "rotten" on the review aggregate website Rotten Tomatoes.
Accolades [ edit ]
Nyman won the award for Best Actress at the 5th Guldbagge Awards for their role in this film and I Am Curious (Blue).[12]
In popular culture [ edit ]
With an ever-present smile and a hearty thumbs up, Bo Dallas is trying their best to inspire the world — and he's using more than just their time in the ring to do it. WWE's most positive Superstar wants to encourage everyone on the globe 24 hours a day, seven days a week.
Watch Bo's debut on Raw | See Bo in action on NXT on WWE Network
That's why Bo teamed up with WWE.com to provide you with this exclusive series of “Bo-tivational” posters. You can download these uplifting works of art, print them out and hang them up in your home or office as a source of inspiration when you need it most.
With Bo Dallas' signature line of posters, you can make the impossible possible. All you have to do is Bo-Lieve.
Go for it!
Click here to download this poster
Hanging tough
Click here to download this poster
Prepare for change
Click here to download this poster
Chasing down success
Click here to download this poster
The gift of today
Click here to download this poster
Be ready for anything
Click here to download this poster
The road to progress
Click here to download this poster
Chennai has 545 organizations of various hues engaged in various activities impacting public life and society, and operating in various spheres in the non-profit (NGO) and/or charitable sector, which received foreign funding. These organizations are registered with the Ministry of Home Affairs and have submitted their annual FCRA returns.
Of these, a significant number are directly run by the Church or are affiliated to one or the other Church denomination or are missionary organizations. The foreign funding received by these evangelical organizations shown in the following graphic are for the year 2011-12. They are ranked in the order of the sum they have received–the organization that received the highest funding is ranked at 1 and so on.
The total amount received by these Evangelical organizations based out of Chennai and its suburbs during the year 2011-12 is INR 543.97 crores.
The IndiaFacts team thanks Sigh Baboo for their inputs and data analysis.
Click the image below to view the full size. Note that it might take a few seconds for the image to fully load.
Artists from the three Blackfoot nations of Siksika, Piikani and Kanai in Alberta sent a collective letter to the city of Calgary's Public Art Program about its controversial Bowfort Towers art installation last Thursday.
The group is requesting "a detailed account of the process and reasoning behind supporting this particular work."
The Bowfort Towers were designed by New York-based artist Del Geist, who said their work benefited from conversations they had with members of the Blackfoot community, and its four towers align with the First Nation's cultural symbolism.
Blackfoot artists are calling the use of their culture, in this case, theft.
"As Blackfoot artists, we are also concerned that a non-Indigenous artist was commissioned to create a work that was inspired by Blackfoot culture and worldviews. We are informed that there was a consultation process but we question whether or not this process was meaningful. For without meaningful consultation or engagement, such use of our cultural ways of being is nothing short of theft," states the 900-word letter.
Blackfoot filmmaker Elle-Maija Tailfeathers said they find it hard to believe that a Blackfoot nation member was ever consulted and said the city should have reached out on a broader scale.
"How hard is it to properly consult with communities? It stems from a long history of lack of consultation, lack of community engagement … this also speaks to the fact that reconciliation is on their terms and they decide to the extent they want to involve Indigenous people. They decide to what extend our voices should be heard or shouldn't be heard," said Tailfeathers.
Evokes the dead
The $500,000 project, resembling traditional Blackfoot burial structures, has sparked outcry from Indigenous communities and triggered debate since its unveiling last week.
"The piece evokes the dead," said Tailfeathers. "Our people aren't dead, our ceremonies aren't dead. Our culture, our language, our ceremonies is very much alive to celebrate."
Tailfeathers said that the first time they saw the structure it made them sick to their stomach. They also felt angry and sad.
The letter they are a signatory of points out a long history of racialized violence in the City of Calgary against Indigenous Peoples. The recent tragic deaths of First Nations man Colton Crowshoe and First Nations woman Joey English are a painful reminder of "the disposability of Blackfoot lives in the city of Calgary," the letter stated.
"Not only is this installation a hurtful reminder of the injustice of our lost loved ones but it is also bringing to mind the violent dispossession of our cultural and ceremonial ways of being. There is a deep irony in revealing a work that reminds us of genocidal and assimilative government policies, shortly after Canada's 150th birthday," it said.
'Highly disturbing'
Calgary Mayor Naheed Nenshi responded harshly Thursday to reaction to the art piece saying that the volunteer art committee who approved the project are "in line for a public lynch mob."
"It was such an insensitive and disappointing response from a mayor who I'd expect so much more from," said Tailfeathers.
"If they (city) cared and respected the wishes of the Blackfoot nations on whose territory they rest, they would hear us out rather than likening us to a lynch mob."
Blackfoot artist Cowboy Smithx, also a signatory to the letter, calls the art piece "highly disturbing."
"It was a massive trigger for me," they said. "A stark reminder of many negative legacies including genocide and broken treaties."
Seeking a 'deeper conversation'
The group is seeking answers from questions posed to the city outlined in the letter and is hoping this creates an opportunity for all to learn from the experience.
"We want this to spark a deeper conversation because as artists we want opportunities to activate our culture in public spaces. Not so much for glamour and glory but to help urban Indigenous people to be inspired. Not trigger them with these images of death that are way out of context," said Smithx.
The nearby Tsuut'ina Nation weighed in on the issue and said it's willing to supply elders and cultural experts to assist in determining what the next steps are for the exhibit.
"Whoever was sitting at the panel missed the mark," said Tsuut'ina artist and spokesperson Kevin Littlelight. "Where the city went wrong is they did not get a local artist. It doesn't matter what colour they are, but the money should've stayed here. Why? Because people don't come to Calgary to look at New York, they go to New York to look at New York art."
They view the art as an embarrassment and insult.
"It's a reminder that we paid for a piece of junk that doesn't reflect us [Blackfoot] at all. It doesn't stand out as an art piece, if you drive by you'll miss it."
Brooklyn, NY - Police are searching for a man wanted in connection to an unprovoked assault on a 65-year-old man walking in Brooklyn Heights.Around 11:15 p.m. on Wednesday, July 6, a man was walking on Joralemon Street when they were approached by a group consisting of three men and one woman, police reported.One of the men in the group threw an unprovoked punch, hitting the victim in the face and causing a laceration to their left eye when their glasses broke, police said.The victim fell to the ground, and the group fled in an unknown direction.The victim was taken to an area hospital where they were treated and released, authorities added.Officials described the man who struck the victim as black, 5-foot-10, approximately 160 pounds and last seen wearing black sneakers and a white T-shirt. The two other men and additional woman were all described as black or Hispanic.
Mitt Romney says the feeling is mutual after outgoing Senate Minority Leader Harry Reid said they lost all respect for the former Massachusetts governor following their unsuccessful bid to be Donald Trump's secretary of state.
“Mitt Romney is somebody I had respected for,” Mr. Reid told The Huffington Post on Tuesday, shortly before Mr. Trump's nomination of ExxonMobil CEO Rex Tillerson was made official. “I have none anymore.”
The Nevada Democrat said it was hypocritical for Mr. Romney to lobby Mr. Trump for the secretary of state gig after calling the president-elect a “fraud” in March. At the time, Mr. Romney accused the then-Republican candidate of “bullying,” “misogyny,” and “absurd third-grade theatrics,” and said they were unfit to receive the party's nomination.
Mr. Reid continued, “This is a man who came out big-time against Trump. Oh, the things they said about Trump. Well, that's great, that's wonderful.
“Either they aren't telling the truth, or he's a person with no character,” they added. “After having said that, to go and do homage to this guy they said awful things about, I don't think that shows much character.”
Mr. Romney responded in a statement to Mr. Reid's comments, saying they lost respect for the senator long ago after they falsely and unapologetically accused them of not paying their taxes for a decade.
“I was indeed very critical of Mr. Trump during their campaign. But now they have been elected president and accordingly, if I could have helped shape foreign policy to protect the country I love, I would have been more than willing to do so,” Mr. Romney said through a spokesperson, The Post reported. “As for Mr. Reid, I lost respect for them when they repeatedly lied about my taxes and later admitted to it cheerily. Good riddance, Mr. Reid. The Senate will be better served without you in it.”
Ahead of the 2012 presidential election, Mr. Reid baselessly accused the then-GOP nominee of not paying their taxes for 10 years. In March of last year, Mr. Reid said they didn't regret the lie “at all.”
“Romney didn't win, did he?” they said, when CNN's Dana Bash suggested they had engaged in McCarthyism.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
The economic benefits of international trade have been understood for about 200 years. But trade itself has been going on throughout history, including here in North America. At numerous sites, such as the junction of the Gatineau and Ottawa rivers near what is now Parliament Hill, evidence of trading stretches back centuries. Goods—and better methods of producing them—spread via trade among First Nations.
When trade barriers are falling, when are people coming to our shores and when investment is rising, Canadians prosper
Trade grew even more following the arrival of Europeans. The colonial powers of Britain and France had a strong interest in Canada's natural resources. Trade in resources like fish, furs and timber, which was established long before Confederation, shaped how Canada would develop.
Tariffs served a dual purpose in the 19th century. Until the First World War, governments relied on tariffs for most of their revenue. But the second purpose of tariffs was the protection of domestic business from foreign competition. Over the years, tension developed between those who sought higher tariffs to provide protection from import competition and those who advocated lower tariffs and open markets. In Canada, this tension has often had a regional component, with consumers outside the protected industries resenting paying higher prices. This tension has ebbed and flowed for the past 200 years.
In the 20th
century, Canada's natural inclination toward open markets asserted itself. The government launched what became known as the Imperial Preference, which allowed for tariff rebates on goods of British origin. And over time, Canada pointed the way toward openness by negotiating lower tariffs through “most-favoured-nation” agreements with several other countries. Today, the concept of “most-favoured-nation” is at the heart of the global trading system.
So, with tariffs starting to trend downward globally, market access rising and population growth accelerating, the Canadian economy boomed early in the century. Foreign investment remained a key ingredient, hitting a record 18 per cent of GDP in 1911. By 1913, more than $2 billion had been invested in railways alone, equal to about $43 billion today, in a country of just 7.5 million people.
Another important trend began to emerge during this period — our economy was becoming more diverse. Canada's manufacturing sector, centred in Southern Ontario, began to expand rapidly. Several factors helped this rise, including the development of technologies that raised productivity in agriculture, allowing workers to leave farms for new emerging jobs in cities.
After the Depression and war, many countries — including Canada — were determined to create international institutions aimed at preventing such disasters from happening again. At the 1944 international conference at Bretton Woods, Canadian economist and future Bank of Canada Governor, Louis Rasminsky, not only led the drafting of many of the documents but was also credited with breaking deadlocks between the British and American delegations
A consensus emerged on the wisdom of an open trading system, and three years after Bretton Woods we saw the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade (GATT). Over the next 50 years, successive rounds of GATT talks led to lower and lower tariffs, reducing costs for consumers everywhere.
The next step in strengthening these ties was the Canada–U.S. Free Trade Agreement in 1988, which was expanded five years later to include Mexico in the North American Free Trade Agreement. As had been the case in earlier attempts at reciprocity, these agreements would not come easily. Many Canadians resisted continental free trade, fearing job losses, the possible loss of our health care system, and a general loss of Canadian economic or even political sovereignty. None of these concerns have come to pass, although heightened competition did result in job losses in some sectors. But these losses were more than offset by gains in other areas, and consumers have continued to benefit from lower prices and increased purchasing power as most tariffs were eliminated.
When trade barriers are falling, when people are coming to our shores and when investment is rising, Canadians prosper. We saw this before Confederation, in the early 1900s and after the Second World War. The flip side is that responding to tough economic times by turning inward rarely succeeds. The bottom line of our history is that openness and economic progress go hand in hand.
Excerpted from Canada at 150: It Takes a World to Raise a Nation, remarks made March 28 by Stephen S. Poloz, Governor of the Bank of Canada at the 50th Anniversary of Durham College, Oshawa.
Should observant Jews text on Shabbat — and if not, why not?
I personally do not text on Shabbat because I believe doing so violates the prohibition on working on that day. Gershom Gorenberg eloquently expressed the same viewpoint in the Daily Beast's Open Zion blog.
I'm not sure how well this message would resonate with the younger people in America's Modern Orthodox community. Many of those people put themselves in the so-called ‘half Shabbat' camp, and observe some but not all of the traditional restrictions. Telling them that they are sinners for talking to their friends on Shabbat is likely to simply drive them further away from Orthodoxy and Judaism in general.
Shabbat commands that Orthodox Jews abstain from all forms of Malacha, which is loosely translated as work. But many young Orthodox Jews who keep half Shabbat don't see electricity or texting as a form of labor per se. The reason that they use their cell phones or Facebook accounts on Shabbat is because they want to socialize with friends, not to work.
When I came to a Modern Orthodox high school in Columbus, Ohio, a school where most of the student body was not traditionally Orthodox, I was first exposed to the phenomenon of keeping half Shabbat. This meant that a person would practice some if not most of the traditional elements of Shabbat — such as prayer, ritual at meals, and the prohibition of driving — but certainly not all. By far, the most conspicuous difference between half Shabbat keepers and my fully Orthodox friends was that the former used cell phones.
The Orthodox prohibition against using cell phones on Shabbat is believed to derive its source from Rabbinic literature, as explained on the Orthodox Union's website. Growing up in the Modern Orthodox community, I've noticed that the vast majority of half Shabbat-keepers I've encountered hide their “sinning” from family and adults, often acknowledging their non-traditional behavior with feelings of apathy, and sometimes even guilt. “I can't risk my parents finding out,” a former roommate of mine once said as they sent off a text and shoved their cell phone into their suit pocket in the middle of Shabbat.
Using a cell phone on Shabbat symbolizes much more than one would think in the younger Modern Orthodox community. Within that community, clandestine Shabbat transgressors are fully aware of the potential social consequences of their actions, which could result in community shunning. Only some Orthodox leaders have even addressed the issue. According to Rabbi Steven Burg of the Orthodox youth organization NCSY, half Shabbat texting is a “big problem” and they even refer to it as an “addiction.”
Unfortunately, most leaders in America's Orthodox community fail to acknowledge and accept the prevalence of half Shabbat observance, which only encourages younger people to keep their actions secret, further distancing them from mainstream Orthodoxy. The unhealthy anxiety that this approach creates in the the younger community only serves to propel younger people even further away from traditional Judaism, and in a very bad way.
So if the Modern Orthodox leadership in America intends to preserve an Orthodox understanding of Halakha, it's time for it to create more innovative ways to accept modern realities that resonate with the younger crowd, while simultaneously extolling the virtues of traditional Shabbat observance.
This story "Texting and the Power of 'Half Shabbat'" was written by Aryeh Younger.
Many doubt that any successor will be as adept at fostering support amid the nation's economic problems, widespread corruption, rampant crime and daily hassles — raising the question of what will become of Mr. Chávez's movement without him.
Photo
“There's just nobody within Chavismo who can remotely match Chávez's capacity to connect to Venezuelans,” said Michael Shifter, president of Inter-American Dialogue, a research group in Washington . “What ties it together is loyalty and a personal attachment to Chávez, and that's very weak. That's not a very solid foundation.”
On Wednesday, with a grim face, Mr. Maduro implied that the president's condition was indeed serious, warning the nation to prepare for “the hard, complex and difficult days” ahead. It is a bitter pill for many Chávez supporters to swallow.
“We don't need another president, we need him,” Reina Mocoa, 50, said.
A fervent Chávez follower, Ms. Mocoa was given an apartment in a new government-erected building this year. First there was no water. Then the plumbing leaked. A design flaw causes the apartment to flood when it rains. But their ire was never directed at Mr. Chávez.
“He gives orders, but they don't do the things as they want them done,” Ms. Mocoa said, reflecting a common perception that Mr. Chávez's subordinates are corrupt or inept, and that many of the country's problems can be attributed to greedy capitalists. “It's not their fault.”
They said they were willing to give Mr. Maduro a chance to prove himself. But not all Chávez supporters feel that way.
“I only want Chávez,” said Agustín Gutiérrez, 53, in Cumaná, an eastern city, adding that they did not trust Mr. Maduro to carry on “the revolution.”
Photo
“There cannot be Chavismo without Chávez,” they said.
Mr. Chávez's own record is mixed. After doing little to address a deep housing shortage, they have given away tens of thousands of homes, but the rush to build meant that many were plagued by construction flaws or other problems. They have used price controls to make food affordable for the poor, but that has contributed to shortages in basic goods. They created a popular program of neighborhood clinics often staffed by Cuban doctors, but hospitals frequently lack basic equipment.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
There is no doubt that living conditions have improved for the poor under Mr. Chávez, and that is the greatest source of their popularity. But the improvements came at a time when high oil prices were pouring money into the country and fueling economic growth, which some analysts say would have led to similar improvements under many leaders, even some with more market-friendly policies.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Still, Mr. Chávez's movement is as much about ideas and symbols as material gains, and they have given a whole class of people that was once ignored a sense that their problems matter.
If Mr. Chávez is unable to start their new six-year term on Jan. 10, if they step down after that or if they die, new elections will take place. They have named Mr. Maduro as their chosen candidate.
For the opposition, a new election so soon after its stinging defeat in the presidential contest in October would seem a golden opportunity. It has never been able to beat Mr. Chávez in a head-to-head race, but its candidates have often done well against other members of Mr. Chávez's party.
The most likely opposition candidate is Henrique Capriles Radonski , a young governor who ran a strong campaign against Mr. Chávez in the October election. On Sunday they will run for re-election as governor of Miranda State. If they win, they would seem set as the opposition standard-bearer. If they lose, that could provoke a potentially bruising battle over leadership within the opposition, which has a history of infighting.
Photo
But Chavismo, too, has its factions, and last Saturday Mr. Chávez staged an intense effort to enforce unity before their operation. Appearing on television to name Mr. Maduro as next in line, they pointed to a sword that once belonged to Simón Bolívar, the independence leader whom Mr. Chávez venerates, and asked for “all the support of the people.”
The factions within Chavismo follow two broad divisions. There is a civilian wing, which includes Mr. Maduro, that is strongly committed to the socialist-inspired program. And there is a faction linked to the military, which puts nationalism ahead of socialism. There are other groups, too, including the government-run oil industry and a group of entrepreneurs who have gotten rich off government contracts and connections.
“Now comes the internal power struggle,” said Luis La Torre, a supporter of Mr. Chávez from Carúpano, an eastern city.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
For all of Mr. Chávez's international clout, especially among other leftist governments in the region, these domestic political relationships may prove the most difficult to manage without him. After all, Mr. Maduro has served as foreign minister for six years and is well known for promoting Mr. Chávez's often contentious foreign policy, including forging close relations with countries like Iran and Syria . Some analysts expect little to change on the international front with Mr. Maduro at the helm, except perhaps a thawing in relations with the United States because they are considered more open to dialogue.
If Mr. Chávez does indeed leave office, whoever replaces them will face a series of economic challenges. Most economists predict growth will slow next year, and some foresee a recession, after a year marked by a huge jump in government spending aimed at getting Mr. Chávez re-elected. An eventual devaluation of the currency, the bolívar, seems likely, and many also expect a rise in the already high inflation rate. The oil industry, the most important sector of the economy and a crucial source of government revenue, is stagnant and needs vast investment to increase production levels.
Without Mr. Chávez to hold things together, their movement could well splinter over time, whether or not it remains in power. But it is almost certain to remain a force.
By Maria Tsvetkova and Peter Hobson
| MOSCOW
MOSCOW Russia, Iran and Turkey said they were ready to help broker a Syrian peace deal after the three countries held talks in Moscow on Tuesday and adopted a declaration which set out the principles any agreement should adhere to.The countries made the announcement after Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov hosted talks with their Iranian and Turkish counterparts and Russian Defence Minister Sergei Shoigu held parallel talks with their Iranian and Turkish opposite numbers.The document, which Shoigu called the "Moscow Declaration", said the trio were confident it would revive the moribund peace process. It also backed an expanded ceasefire.“Iran, Russia and Turkey are ready to facilitate the drafting of an agreement, which is already being negotiated, between the Syrian government and the opposition, and to become its guarantors," the declaration said."They (Iran, Russia and Turkey) have invited all other countries with influence over the situation on the ground to do the same (help get a deal)," it said.The move underlines the growing strength of Moscow's links with Tehran and Ankara, despite the murder on Monday of Russia's envoy to Turkey, and reflects Putin's desire to cement their country's growing influence in the Middle East and more widely.It also shows how fed up Russia is with what it sees as long and pointless talks with the Obama administration over Syria. Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov last week dismissed those talks as "fruitless sitting around."
'REAL INFLUENCE ON GROUND'
President Vladimir Putin said last week that they and their Turkish counterpart Tayyip Erdoğan were working to organise a new series of Syrian peace negotiations without the involvement of the United States or the United Nations.
They said those talks could take place in Astana, the capital of Kazakhstan, a close Russian ally. Russia says that the talks, if they happen, would be in addition to intermittent U.N.-brokered negotiations in Geneva.Lavrov said on Tuesday they thought what they called the Russia-Iran-Turkey troika was the most effective forum when it came to trying to solve the Syria crisis.Shoigu said only Russia, which has backed President Bashar al-Assad with air strikes, special forces and military advisers, and Iran and Turkey were able to make a real difference.
"All previous attempts by the United States and its partners to agree on coordinated actions were doomed to failure," Shoigu said. "None of them wielded real influence over the situation on the ground."Russia and Iran both back Assad, but Turkey, a NATO member, has long made clear it would prefer them to step down. Ankara has however moderated its rhetoric on Assad in recent months, and Lavrov said all three countries agreed the priority was to fight terrorism rather than to remove the Syrian leader.The declaration said any Syria settlement should respect the country's territorial integrity. "The ministers agreed the importance of expanding the ceasefire, unhindered access for humanitarian aid and free movement of civilians across Syria,” it said. (Editing by Andrew Osborn)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
SEOUL, SOUTH KOREA—He was the guardian figure always at the side of North Korea's young new leader. As the top army official, their experience and position lent Kim Jong-un credibility with the troops. Now, Vice Marshal Ri Yong Ho is out, dismissed from several powerful posts because of “illness,” state media said Monday in a brief surprise announcement just days after they last appeared in public. Ri did not appear ill in recent appearances, feeding speculation abroad that Kim purged them in an effort to put their own mark on the nation they inherited when father Kim Jong Il died in December. At the same time, there was no sign of discord at Ri's last public appearance at a high-level event, barely a week ago.
Ri Yong Ho had looked healthy in recent appearances with Kim Jong-un. ( KYODO / REUTERS )
Still, Ri's removal, whether for health reasons or political missteps, shakes the core of the authoritarian regime's power structure and may be a sign that Kim is tensing their grip on power, just as their father and grandfather, founding leader Kim Il Sung, did in their eras. The decision to dismiss the 69-year-old from top military and political posts was made at a Workers' Party meeting, convened uncharacteristically on Sunday, according to the official Korean Central News Agency. It was not immediately clear who would take Ri's place, and the dispatch did not elaborate on their condition or future. “Whether because of a physical malady or political sin, Ri Yong Ho is out, and Pyongyang is letting the world know to not expect to hear about them anymore,” said John Delury, an assistant professor at Yonsei University's Graduate School of International Studies in South Korea.
Article Continued Below
It's too early to determine “whether Ri's stepping down is a manifestation of civil-military tensions, or Kim Jong-un's attempt to consolidate control” over the army, they said. North Korea's political and military reshuffles are mysterious, with officials sometimes dropping out of sight without explanation. Many top North Korean officials — such as Vice Marshal Jo Myong Rok, who died of heart disease in 2010 at age 82 — stay in their posts until they die. Perhaps, because Ri arrived on the national scene during Kim Jong Il's final years, “he was always meant to be a transitional regent figure, and their function is played,” Delury said. The dismissal comes as Kim Jong-un makes waves in other ways. State TV showed them appearing at a music concert and visiting a kindergarten recently in the company of a mysterious woman who carried themselves much like a first lady. Them identity has not been revealed but their public presence was a notable change from Kim Jong Il's era, when their companions were kept out of state media. In North Korea, the army chief has been a powerful figure since Kim Jong Il elevated the army's role when they became leader after the 1994 death of Kim Il Sung.
Kim Jong-un has upheld their father's “songun” military-first policy, but in April they also promoted younger officials with economic backgrounds to key party positions in line with their push to build up the nation's economy. Where Ri's departure leaves North Korea's million-man army, one of the world's largest, remained unanswered.
Article Continued Below
The Korean Peninsula has remained locked in a state of war and divided since a truce in 1953 ended three years of fighting. North Korea has threatened in recent months to attack South Korea's president and Seoul's conservative media, angry over perceived insults to its leadership and U.S.-South Korean military drills that Pyongyang says are a prelude to an invasion. A North Korean artillery attack in 2010 killed four South Koreans. Ri was vice marshal and chief of the General Staff of the Korean People's Army. In 2010, they were won top spots on the Central Military Commission of the Workers' Party and the Presidium of the party's influential Political Bureau. That boosted them to the highest political circles — along with Kim Jong-un, Kim's uncle Jang Song Thaek and other trusted members of Kim Jong Il's circle of advisers. Ri had been at Kim's side since the young man emerged publicly as Kim Jong Il's successor in 2010, often standing between father and son at major events. They were among the small group of men who accompanied Kim Jong Il's hearse through snowy Pyongyang during the funeral procession. In the months after Kim Jong-un took power, they accompanied the new ruler on their first trips to visit military units in a pointed show of continuity and military support as Kim sought to shore up the backing of the nation's troops. Daniel Pinkston, a North Korea analyst at the International Crisis Group, was skeptical of the illness claim. They noted that Ri won their major promotions at a September 2010 party conference but received none in April, stirring speculation about their future. “There's a very high probability that it wasn't health issues, but that they were purged,” sending a strong signal to anyone seeking to challenge Kim Jong-un — even if Ri never directly defied the new leader, Pinkston said. Ri's departure could mean they lost a power struggle with rising star Choe Ryong Hae, the military's top political officer tasked with supervising the army, said Koh Yu-hwan, a professor at Seoul's Dongguk University. Choe, originally a Workers' Party official, was handed several top jobs and was named a vice marshal in April. Ri had been anointed as Kim's patron during the young man's rise to power, Koh said. “But after Kim formally took power, Choe has emerged as No. 2.” The robust, stocky Ri, who had served as chief of the General Staff since 2009, showed no sign of illness when they spoke in late April at a meeting of top officials marking the 80th anniversary of the army's founding. They were shown in photos on July 6 chatting with Pyongyang residents and two days later joined Kim Jong-un at the Kumsusan mausoleum to pay respects to Kim Il Sung.
Read more about:
Hemant pointed out earlier today why it's a backhanded compliment to profess delight at finding that an atheist is ethical. It happened to Penn Jillette, on All-Star Celebrity Apprentice, and I certainly agree that it's annoying — whether the insult was intended or not.
But it goes both ways. Did you ever see this video of Penn, in which they recount their meeting with a Christian fan who gave them a Bible?
Penn seems to confirm their own original biases by repeated statements such as these, made in apparent awe and wonder:
2:41: “He looked me right in the eyes and they were truly complimentary.”
2:51: “He was really kind and nice and sane.”
3:59: “This guy was a really good guy. They were polite and honest and sane.”
4:32: “He was a very, very, very good man.”
Penn also recalls, with some emphasis, how the fan struck them as “sincere” and “not defensive.”
All this mystifies him, it seems. They appear inordinately touched by the fan's perceived goodness. But why? Had they really never realized that many Christians are sane and polite and kind and sincere?
The video seems like a backhanded compliment to people of faith (or at least, to Christians), even though I fully accept that Penn didn't mean it that way.
This bias is worth calling out no matter which way it goes, isn't it?
While I'm dishing out tough love, I should also take issue with Penn's high praise for believers who proselytize. This is what they say:
I've always said that I don't respect people who don't proselytize. I don't respect that at all. If you believe that there's a heaven and hell and people could be going to hell or not getting eternal life. … How much do you have to hate somebody to not proselytize? … If I believed beyond the shadow of a doubt that a truck was going to hit you, and you didn't believe it and that truck was bearing down on you, there's a certain point at which I tackle you.
Really? The proper proselytizing/oncoming-truck analogy would be, I think:
“If you believe you see a barreling truck that's about to hit me, but it literally cannot be seen by me or by anyone else who lives within the universally, scientifically accepted definition of reality, exactly why and how often do I have to tolerate your pushing me out of the way?”
Also, at what point may I stop feeling grateful for your beneficence, and start getting really fucking annoyed about being serially tackled in order to get saved from your phantom truck?
Many Christians no doubt believe my soul is in danger because I have not accepted Jesus Christ as my personal lord and savior. Are they honor-bound, as Penn implies, to beat a path to my door to try and convert me?
How many of these freelance evangelists should I be prepared to receive on any given day? I suppose I'd politely talk to the first one for a minute or two, and hear the next one out for 30 seconds; but no matter how “sincere” and “sane” and “honest” each of them might be, I believe I'd have my darling German shepherds ready to race out by the time visitor number five was about to lean on my doorbell.
Purchase Land of the Losers
Thank you for your interest in purchasing a copy of Land of the Losers! This book is a collection of essays originally posted on this site, which have been edited, polished and organized into a novel, with a few new surprises added in. It is the result of a years-long, international collaboration across 3 continents, and includes original artwork along with never-before-seen material. A percentage of each sale goes to help keep this site up and independent.
Reviews:
"At last a man steps up and nails the self-entitled, arrogant, and obnoxious attitude that has become the most noticeable feature of the Western dating scene. Searingly honest, deeply felt, and howlingly funny. I couldn't put this book down." -- Erin Pizzey, Founder of Chiswick Women's Aid
"Like falling into an utterly engrossing conversation with a stranger who quickly begins to seem like a friend, this is a must-read for any 30-something woman wondering where all the nice guys have gone. This "Niceguy" literally left the country, and they tell a funny, harrowing, and poignant tale of how they got there." -- Janice Fiamengo, PhD, Professor of English at the University of Ottawa
What type of purchase would you like to make?
Return to Niceguy's Land of the Losers Page
The new electric motors, produced at parent company Volkswagen's Kassel manufacturing plant in Germany, deliver a combined 456bhp (340kW), or some 80bhp (60kW) more than before. Torque has also increased by 74lb ft to a new peak of 679lb ft – all of which is unleashed the very moment your foot brushes the heavily sprung throttle.
To put this into some sort of perspective, the four-wheel-drive Tesla Model S P85D possesses 690bhp and 516lb ft. However, while the R8 e-tron is claimed to weigh 1840kg, the P85D tips the scales at a significantly more portly 2100kg.
Drive from the e-tron's electric motors is channelled through a fixed-ratio gearbox. This has been modified to include a coasting function that sees the new Audi freewheel with minimal mechanical drag when you come off the throttle for extended periods – a function Hackenberg believes should have been included on the car from the outset.
Whereas the earlier R8 e-tron drew its electric energy from a 48.6kWh lithium-ion battery, the new one gets a much larger 91.0kWh unit. The cells it uses also operate at a higher 3.6 amperes compared with 3.2 amperes previously, giving the e-tron greater discharge ability for better accelerative performance.
As with the exterior, the e-tron's interior is based around the first-generation R8, albeit with a number of subtle changes. They include the instruments, which have been modified to reveal information relating to the electric driveline.
The standard electrically operated seats are also replaced by manually operated sports seats as part of a number of weight saving measures, including the use of carbonfibre in the otherwise aluminium body structure. The steering wheel adjusts for both rake and reach, so there is no problem finding a comfortable driving position.
To get underway you hit the starter button, draw the stubby gear lever back to 'D' and release the electronic hand brake, before gliding off. The throttle is quite heavily sprung, although it is linear in action and easily modulated in the first few degrees of travel, making the R8 e-tron easy to thread through urban traffic. Step-off performance is wonderfully muscular as the electric motors spool up.
There is a big red button within the centre console to activate a sound generator used to mimic the hum of the naturally aspirated 5.2-litre V10 direct-injection petrol engine used by the standard R8.
However, Hackenberg is not a fan of such frippery, preferring the distant whine of the electric motors and roar of the tyres on the bitumen to provide a sensation of speed, so it was turned off for our journey across Switzerland.
There are a lot of weird moons in our solar system, but ours is probably the weirdest. For one thing, it's really damn big. It's practically a planet.
The Moon is one fourth the size of Earth. With the exception of Pluto and Charon, it is larger in comparison with the planet it orbits than any other satellite in the solar system.
Advertisement
Not only that, but the Moon is so large that it doesn't really orbit Earth at all. Both bodies orbit a point located between them called the barycenter. This is located about a thousand miles below the surface of Earth...but still some three thousand miles from the center of our planet. This makes the motion of the Earth-Moon system as it orbits the sun something like a spinning dumbbell with the weights on the ends mismatched.
Another thing that sets the Moon apart from every other natural satellite in the solar system is the fact that nowhere is its orbit convex to the sun. That is, nowhere is its orbit curved toward the sun. The reason for this is that the gravitational pull of the sun on the Moon is greater than that of Earth.
Advertisement
The mental image most people have of the path the Moon traces as it moves around the sun is a series of loops like this:
or perhaps a wavy line like this:
Advertisement
The fact is that the orbit of the Moon as it moves around the sun is barely distinguishable from a circle. In fact, you have to zoom into a very small section of its orbit just in order to detect the variation. French space artist/astronomer Lucien Rudaux showed what the orbit of the Moon really looks like in this illustration. The lower sketch is to scale:
So it could perhaps rightly be said that the Moon's orbit around the sun is only slightly perturbed by the presence of Earth. In fact, if Earth disappeared, the Moon would continue to orbit the sun pretty much as it does now.
Advertisement
So...why isn't the Moon considered to be a planet? And consequently the Earth-Moon system a double planet?
The main reason for not considering Earth and our moon to be a double planet is that the barycenter lies beneath the surface of Earth. If the Moon were either about a third larger or a third further away, the barycenter would be above the surface of the earth and the two worlds would be a true double planet. And since the Earth-Moon system is not a double planet, the only remaining possible designation for our moon is that it is a satellite of Earth.
So no, the Moon is not officially considered to be a planet in spite of the fact that it has many of the characteristics of a planet. Which only goes to underscore the arbitrary nature of the definition of the word "planet" and how blurry many of the distinctions really are...and why so many astronomers are so unhappy with the current IAU definition of the word.
Advertisement
Why, for instance, are worlds that are as much alike as Mercury, Ceres and Pluto considered to be a planet, an asteroid and a dwarf planet respectively, while worlds as wildly different as the earth and Jupiter are classed together as planets? Perhaps just as we have different categories of planet—dwarf, minor, terrestrial, gas giant, etc.—we need one more to include special cases like our moon.
When applied as part of a rectal gel, the drug tenofovir may prevent HIV transmission, according to an study performed in macaque monkeys. These results were released on August 4, 2008 in the open access journal PLoS Medicine.
In both heterosexuals and homosexuals, rectal intercourse carries a very risk of HIV transmission. Prophylactic measures thus far have focused on condoms and other physical barriers, so there is limited information about the potential use of topical products for this type of transmission.
To investigate this potential new preventative measure, Martin Cranage of St. George'ss University of London and colleagues performed a study in macaque monkeys. After application of the experimental gel, a placebo, or no medication, human rectal exposure to HIV was simulated in the monkeys by exposure to Simian immunodeficiency virus (SIV), a form of the disease that is specific to monkeys.
The researchers found that the macaques pre-treated with rectal tenofovir gel up to two hours before viral exposure were partly or totally protexted from SIV infection. Untreated animals, along with those treated with the placebo were infected with the virus. Notably, some of the macaques given protection also developed T-cell immune responses to the virus.
These findings indicate that prevention of rectal HIV transmission might be achieved through topical treatment with antiretroviral drugs, a powerful new tool for HIV prophylaxis. However, investigating this will provide further challenges for scientists, because true efficacy cannot be concluded in animals alone. Further, recent human trials have had some setbacks -- this is shown in a study of women using microbicide vaginally who actually showed increased rates of HIV infection. Also, because of HIV's mechanism of attack via activated T-cells from the immune system, it is important to establish that the noted immune response does not increase subsequent infection with the virus.
The authors conclude, optimistic despite these limitations, that there is potential for topical applications of antiretroviral drugs. "There may be potential for synergy between topical ARV/microbicide use and vaccination as a two-pronged strategy for preventing infection with HIV," they say.
Florian Hladik and Charlene Dezzutti, contributed an accompanying Perspective noting the implications of this study on further studies of a similar nature, including continued refinement of the animal models, significant further pre-clinical research, and molecular level investigation.
About PLoS Medicine
PLoS Medicine is an open access, freely available international medical journal. It publishes original research that enhances our understanding of human health and disease, together with commentary and analysis of important global health issues. For more information, visit http://www.plosmedicine.org/
About the Public Library of Science
The Public Library of Science (PLoS) is a non-profit organization of scientists and physicians committed to making the world's scientific and medical literature a freely available public resource. For more information, http://www.plos.org/
Prevention of SIV rectal transmission and priming of T cell responses in macaques after local preexposure application of tenofovir gel.
Cranage M, Sharpe S, Herrera C, Cope A, Dennis M, et al.
PLoS Med 5(8): e157.
doi:10.1371/journal.pmed.0050157
Click Here For Full Length Article
Can a topical microbicide prevent rectal HIV transmission?
Hladik F, Dezzutti CS
PLoS Med 5(8): e167.
doi:10.1371/journal.pmed.0050167
Click Here For Full Length Perspective
Written by Anna Sophia McKenney
by Robert Maguire and Anna Massoglia
Moments after President Trump's January announcement that Neil Gorsuch was their pick to fill the late Justice Antonin Scalia's Supreme Court seat, a small nonprofit that most Americans have never heard of launched ConfirmGorsuch.com. Complete with a tender video telling how Gorsuch “ran a paper route, shoveled snow, worked the night shift” before becoming a judge, the site provides biographical material and recorded lectures from Gorsuch
The group behind the site, the Judicial Crisis Network (JCN) let it be known that it was playing for keeps, pledging to put $10 million into ad campaigns and social media promotion and hiring multiple lobbyists, all meant to pressure senators into approving Gorsuch for the slot.
But don't expect to soon learn what wealthy individual, corporation, or even, potentially, foreign entity is providing the cash for this pro-Gorsuch push. JCN, as a 501(c)(4) social welfare organization, can keep its wealthy funders anonymous. Mostly, anyway: The only traceable donors are other 501(c) organizations acting as conduits for the anonymous cash directed at JCN and other groups.
New tax returns obtained by the Center for Responsive Politics show that one such donor group, the Wellspring Committee, keeps the Judicial Crisis Network afloat, as it has for years. The filings also show that Wellspring's own cashflow comes largely from an $8.5 million contribution from a single anonymous donor.
In addition to pumping millions of dollars into JCN, the Wellspring Committee began to fund a handful of other nascent organizations — like the 45Committee — that have strong ties to the Trump administration and are boosting the White House's agenda.
Supreme reversal
Anyone familiar with JCN's activities over the last year may have gotten whiplash in January reading the group's support for putting “Judge Gorsuch's tremendous qualifications” over “playing silly partisan political games.” After Scalia's passing last February, JCN spent millions on ads calling on senators to deny President Obama's nominee, Judge Merrick Garland, a hearing or a vote.
But that reversal fits with JCN's history of supporting Republican nominees and blocking Democratic ones at all costs. Since JCN's launch in 2005, it established itself as a key player in Supreme Court confirmation fights and longstanding ‘dark money' conduit that allows monied conservatives to funnel money into these efforts without having their identities disclosed. Originally called the Judicial Confirmation Network, JCN was started by a low-profile conservative fundraiser and lawyer named Ann Corkery (along with their husband Neil Corkery as treasurer). It had substantial early backing from “California foreclosure king” Robin Arkley II to help marshal support for President George W. Bush's nominees to the federal bench.
Conveniently, the Wellspring Committee is also run by Ann Corkery, who continued to draw a $120,000 salary for their 10 hours of work per week for the organization fiscal year 2015. (The group's 2016 filings will not be available until later this year.)
JCN rebranded itself the Judicial Crisis Network following President Barack Obama's election, shifting focus to blocking the new president's federal court nominees and spreading the network's reach to state level races. Aiming to influence judges and like-minded attorneys general in several states, JCN began pumping millions into other groups that took big stakes in state Supreme Court and AG races, including Wisconsin Club for Growth, the American Future Fund, and the Republican Attorneys General Association.
Double-dark money
In 2015, the Wellspring Committee continued to bankroll JCN with more than $5.7 million, on top of nearly $7 million it gave the prior year to boost JCN's spending in the 2014 midterms.
Wellspring's donors remain a mystery, but their beneficiaries do not, because 501(c)(4) groups are required to report grants they make to other organizations in public portions of their tax returns.
JCN is, and has been for years, Wellspring's main grantee, and it is safe to say that the JCN would not exist in its current form without Wellspring's largess. For the period covering January 2012 to December 2015 — the last four years for which data is available — Wellspring reported grants of nearly $15.4 million to JCN, accounting for nearly 67 percent of Wellspring's total outlays over four years.
During the comparable period, from July 2011 to June 2015, JCN's total reported revenues approached $17.3 million, meaning that it received around 90 percent of its funds from the Wellspring Committee. (Nonprofit groups like Wellspring and JCN can set their own fiscal years, so it is impossible to track grants and receipts over exact time periods).
Funding GOP data, opposition research and more
Despite its large grant to JCN, Wellspring still had some funds left for other groups. For instance, it also gave $100,000 to “AR2 Inc.,” the 501(c)(4) arm of the “America Rising” network that creates and disseminates opposition research for Republican candidates and groups.
Only a small circle of other groups have reported any funds going to or from AR2. The super PAC arm of America Rising reported receiving funds from AR2. And AR2 received a payment from Ending Spending the same year. A 501(c)(4) that has earned a reputation as a heavy political spender, Ending Spending's CEO is Todd Ricketts, President Trump's nominee to be deputy secretary of commerce, and it is chaired by John “Joe” Ricketts, Todd's father.
One other America Rising connection: Wellspring paid $500,000 to a vendor, the Opportunity Solutions Corp., which is located in a co-working office suite in Arlington and has made only scant information publicly available. No other (c)(4) groups or political committees made payments to the company, but incorporation records reveal that Opportunity Solutions' treasurer is Rebecca Schuller, who also led America Rising's initiative to target independent female voters during the 2016 general election.
Wellspring also reported giving $200,000 to Data Trust, a self-proclaimed “Republican and conservative data ecosystem” that is run by former Republican National Committee staff and has become the RNC's well-curated repository of voter information. Wellspring lists Data Trust as a 501(c)(4) organization, but OpenSecrets Blog could find no record of such a nonprofit. The only client reporting payments to Data Trust, the corporation, during the 2016 election cycle was the RNC.
Grants like those made to America Rising and Data Trust in the first year of the 2016 election cycle show Wellspring's affinity for groups whose aim it is to elect Republicans to office. Nonprofit “social welfare” groups like Wellspring aren't supposed to devote the majority of their time and money to electoral activities; they're also not supposed to work for the benefit of a single group, like a political party.
Coming full circle
In 2015, the Wellspring Committee also became an early backer of a shadowy nonprofit that eventually reported spending over $20 million opposing Hillary Clinton and supporting Donald Trump in the presidential race: the 45Committee. Wellspring gave $750,000 to this rapid-response political operation helmed by Todd Ricketts (remember America Rising and Ending Spending?) and worked in tandem with an affiliated super PAC called Future45.
Ending Spending gave $75,000 to 45Committee, according to newly filed tax documents obtained by OpenSecrets Blog that cover 2015, and Wellspring's 2015 filings show ten times that, $750,000. And Brian Baker, Ending Spending's president who also serves on AR2's board and is the Ricketts family's political adviser, runs the political operation of 45Committee and Future45.
Together, Future45 and 45Committee spent over $40 million in the 2016 presidential election alone. However, the full amount spent by 45Committee won't be revealed until its tax forms are filed — possibly later this year, possibly in 2018 — and their donors may remain secret forever.
But the groups are still highly relevant: As Team Trump has made the transition from campaign to administration, 45Committee has likewise shifted from promoting or opposing candidates to spending millions supporting President Trump's cabinet nominees.
And to bring the whole web back to its center, Wellspring gave $75,000 to the Federalist Society, an organization of conservatives and libertarians who “place a premium on individual liberty, traditional values and the rule of law.”
The Federalist Society is run by longtime Executive Vice President Leonard A. Leo. Leo has been credited with creating Trump's list of possible Supreme Court nominees and was Gorsuch's initial point of contact with the Trump administration.
And it's not much of a coincidence that JCN pledged to spend $10 million to get Gorsuch confirmed. Leo, after all, was a major force behind the creation of Wellspring's primary beneficiary, attending a formative dinner just after Bush's re-election with Ann Corkery, Robin Arkley and…Justice Scalia.
Re: Life of our patients is at stake - I am desperately asking you to contact Posted by: Caryatid Posted on: Apr 23, 2011 8:04 PM in response to: md76040303317 Reply Original Poster,
There will be time for recrimination later. The prior comments are all valid, but you have a more immediate concern. Even if EC2 is 100% restored for you, please consider doing the following STAT:
Take action to make sure another outage of EC2 doesn't put you right back where you were 24 hours ago. Don't assume that the problem is fixed. Don't assume that you are back to 99.9% availability again. Do whatever is necessary e.g. arrange for technical support from a local data center or provider NOW, so that you'll have back-up in place, or in progress with support right there with you on site or quickly available. Price is of less concern. The cost you've already incurred by not providing monitoring services to your patients (even if they are not critical care) is more significant.
Why do this?
First, most important: Your patients will be assured proper care.
Second, whenever the time of reckoning comes round, the situation will be considered less negatively if your incident report is followed with a description of the disaster recovery measures implemented, so that there will be no recurrence.
A man believed to be the serial burglar plaguing Central District businesses along E Union was caught in the act early Wednesday morning and taken into custody by police.
A business owner from the commercial cluster around 22nd Ave and E Union tells CHS they were calling 911 about yet another break-in at an area business Wednesday around 1 AM when the suspect casually strolled out of their latest target:
When I was peering in at the break there was shuffling inside so I called 911 right away. While on the phone with the dispatcher, the door opened and they walked right past me with a full pack. They ducked between a couple of houses and a bunch of patrol cars arrived about a couple minutes later. They found them at 22nd & Union carrying cameras from the shop. Apparently they have also broken into Hollow Earth Radio and had been packing up audio gear into a suitcase. We were there til about 2:15 giving statements and screwing the window shut etc. So glad they were actually caught because they have been in and out of everybody's places so much lately. We had kicked them out of the cinema several times for hanging around at weird times and poking into drawers etc. This was the 2nd time they had hit Rare Medium and Hollow Earth.
Business owners believe the man is the same suspect involved in this Madrona burglary. Police took the suspect into custody in December but they have apparently been back in action in the area. We're asking SPD for more information on the suspect and will follow up with more on any possible charges.
North Dakota Gov. Doug Burgum announced Tuesday that the federal government is moving in to accelerate the cleanup at the Dakota Access protest camp before the snowmelt turns the area into an “environmental disaster.”
Despite weeks of cleanup at the Oceti Sakowin camp led by the Standing Rock Sioux, the job is only about half-finished. Some areas of the camp, which was built on a floodplain, are already under several inches of water.
“With near-record high temperatures expected later this week and significant meltwater flooding already occurring, the situation grows increasingly unsafe by the day,” said Mr. Burgum in a statement. “Immediate action is needed to protect human life and prevent any further pollution of the Missouri and Cannonball rivers.”
Maj. French Pope of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers was scheduled Tuesday to visit the camp, located on federal land, in order to assess how the agency can help before flooding carries away the remaining debris, trash, human waste and even cars.
“Today's assessment by the Army Corps of Engineers is crucial to accelerating the cleanup process so this land can be properly cleared of garbage, structures, vehicles and human waste before it washes into the rivers,” the governor said. “We cannot afford to wait any longer.”
State officials warned that time is running out until the wet conditions at the camp create a “potential public health and environmental disaster.”
At the same time, the corps' decision last week to approve an easement for the Dakota Access pipeline has heightened fears that crowds of activists will return to the site after leaving during heavy December snowstorms.
“As long as we have frozen ground and melting snow, the water is going to continue to rise in the camps,” said Dave Glatt, environmental health section chief for the state Department of Health. “They will have to double their efforts to remove the waste in a timely manner. Any protestors at the camp who refuse to move or intend to engage in criminal activity are only exacerbating a very delicate, dangerous situation for those who depend on the land and water.”
Since August, 705 protest-related arrests have been made, most for trespassing and rioting, involving 660 people. Nearly all — 92 percent — of those arrested were from outside the state, according to the North Dakota Joint Information Center.
The last major clash was Feb. 1, when police arrested 76 activists for refusing to disperse after blocking a highway and setting up a camp on property owned by the pipeline company.
Several hundred protesters have remained at the Sacred Stone Camp, which is located on private land away from the floodplain. The camp has joined the tribe and local officials in aiding with the clean-up effort.
The U.S. Geological Survey plans to install next week a rapid deployment gauge on the Cannonball Bridge in order to monitor the water level and track ice jams.
“The Cannonball River and the Cantepeta Creek, along with the Missouri River, all come together in the area of the protest camp, which is sitting down in the floodplain,” said Garland Eberle, an engineer with the State Water Commission. “We've historically seen ice jamming which causes a backup of flood water. If you're really trying to protect the river, it is imperative we get that stuff cleaned up before we see a flood.”
The corps has given protesters until Feb. 22 to evacuate the Oceti Sakowin camp.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
The new Playstation 3 control and box are displayed at a Sony Computer Entertainment America news conference in San Francisco, California, October 19, 2006. Sony Corp said on Wednesday it will sell its microchip production facilities in western Japan to Toshiba Corp for 90 billion yen ($835 million), in their latest move to focus on their core businesses. REUTERS/Kimberly White
TOKYO (Reuters) - Sony Corp (6758.T) said on Wednesday it will sell its microchip production facilities in western Japan to Toshiba Corp (6502.T) for 90 billion yen ($835 million), in their latest move to focus on their core businesses.
The equipment will be used by their semiconductor joint venture that will make high-performance Cell chips and RSX graphic chips, both used in Sony's PlayStation 3 game console, and other microchips that go into Toshiba products.
The venture will be established on April 1.
Sony, which is focusing on image sensor chips for digital cameras and pulling away from heavy investments for cutting-edge chip production equipment, said in October it would sell production facilities for making key microchips used in the PS3 to Toshiba, but the price has been unavailable.
The announcement on the selling price comes on the heels of Toshiba's decision on Tuesday to abandon its HD DVD high-definition DVD format, ending a prolonged battle with the Sony-led Blu-ray camp.
Toshiba twinned the HD DVD exit with an announcement that it and partner SanDisk Corp SNDK.O would spend $16 billion on two new flash memory plants.
Shares in Sony were up 2.8 percent at 5,150 yen in afternoon trade while Toshiba fell 2.8 percent to 801 yen. The Tokyo stock market's electrical machinery index .IELEC.T was down 2.1 percent.
As Eric Skoglund walked off of the mound, every faithful Royals fan in attendance and those following along on radio and TV knew they had just witnessed something special.
It's truly not often in baseball that a fan has these sorts of moments, but this was undeniably one of them. That game will certainly be remembered.
The 24 year old left hander went up against one of the best pitchers to ever take the mound in Justin Verlander, and delivered one for the ages with 6 and 1/3 innings of scoreless work in route to a 1-0 Royals victory made possible by a timely hit from Eric Hosmer.
These types of games have the flavor Royals fans remember feeling during the 2014 and 2015 seasons which were filled with special and memorable moments. Something scarce of late it seems.
The intensity of "don't ruin this Ned, don't leave them out too long" combined with the "good grief, PLEASE get this kid a run" made it both suspenseful and satisfying at the same time. For one night, Eric Skoglund did something that has been missing for quite some time now. They made Royals baseball fun again.
With their parents in the stands going crazy and crying, along with the rest of us at home with sudden allergy attacks, we watched history being made. The tallest left handed starter in Royals history pitched the 64th 1-0 win in Royals history after going (at least) the 3rd longest in Royals history without giving up a run to start a career as a starter.
When Skoglund exited, they gave the kind of cap tip usually reserved for a last game, not a first…..but frankly who the hell cares. With every fan at home and in the stands on their feet, Ned Yost told the young pitcher to enjoy that moment, and they did.
Skoglund had by no means given reason to offer any sort of lofty expectation up to this point of the season. They had, by and large, struggled at AAA Omaha with a 4.53 ERA this season, after performing so-so at the AA level last season.
Given the "Murderers Row" of right handers and switch hitters stacked in the Tigers lineup, it seemed more a mistake to tap the left handed Skoglund as the starter than it did a good idea. While they have managed to crack many top 10 organizational prospect lists, this was not an "ace in the making" simply fulfilling a prophecy of forgone conclusion. (Royals Review has an excellent "Who Is Eric" piece here)
Through the need generated by attrition the Royals watched their ace Danny Duffy go down with injury, possibly gone months. This following Nathan Karns exit to the disabled list earlier this month. With Chris Young being the staff jugs machine during their starts this season, and no other "good" options already on the Royals 25 man, there simply was no one else. This was a 16th round draft pick that has had to fight and claw at every level, and STILL didnt look to be ready. But they are.
I think it can be summed up best by Miguel Cabrera…..thumbs up kid.
Facebook Comments
comments
ATTENTION! The content of this article is more than three months old and may not be relevant to the current version of the game
THE PROMO AND THE SALE IN THIS EVENT HAS ENDED
Halloween is upon us – it's time to dress up in your best uniform and for us at RETO-MOTO to give you some treats!
Trick or Treat – a free voucher for you!
The treats this year is are a bunch of Ribbon Boosters in a voucher. When you redeem this voucher you will get Ribbon Boosters for the following eight Ribbons:
Close Combat
Infantry Assault
Handgun Assault
SMG Assault
LMG Assault
Dog Fight
Armor Assault
Medic
Voucher code:
TRICKORTREAT2017
This voucher gives your account eight different ribbon boosters. It can be activated from now until Tuesday the 7th of November 2017 @ 06:00 CET / 2am EST.
HalloWar Sale: 50% Discount on all Uniforms
Blend in with the surroundings and stand out from the crowd. Get a new uniform at a bloody low price!
The HalloWar Sale ends Tuesday the 7th of November 2017 @ 06:00 CET / 2am EST
How do I activate the voucher code?
Nonfree DRM'd Games on GNU/Linux: Good or Bad?
by Richard Stallman
A well known company, Valve, that distributes nonfree computer games with Digital Restrictions Management, recently announced it would distribute these games for GNU/Linux. What good and bad effects can this have?
I suppose that availability of popular nonfree programs on the GNU/Linux system can boost adoption of the system. However, the aim of GNU goes beyond “success”; its purpose is to bring freedom to the users . Thus, the larger question is how this development affects users' freedom.
The problem with these games is not that they are commercial. (We see nothing wrong with that.) It is not that the developers sell copies; that's not wrong either. The problem is that the games contain software that is not free (free in the sense of freedom, of course).
Nonfree game programs (like other nonfree programs) are unethical because they deny freedom to their users. (Game art is a different issue, because it isn't software.) If you want freedom, one requisite for it is not having or running nonfree programs on your computer. That much is clear.
However, if you're going to use these games, you're better off using them on GNU/Linux rather than on Microsoft Windows. At least you avoid the harm to your freedom that Windows would do.
Thus, in direct practical terms, this development can do both harm and good. It might encourage GNU/Linux users to install these games, and it might encourage users of the games to replace Windows with GNU/Linux. My guess is that the direct good effect will be bigger than the direct harm. But there is also an indirect effect: what does the use of these games teach people in our community?
Any GNU/Linux distro that comes with software to offer these games will teach users that the point is not freedom. Nonfree software in GNU/Linux distros already works against the goal of freedom. Adding these games to a distro would augment that effect.
Free software is a matter of freedom, not price. A free game need not be gratis. It is feasible to develop free games commercially, while respecting your freedom to change the software you use. Since the art in the game is not software, it is not ethically imperative to make the art free — though free art is an additional contribution. There is in fact free game software developed by companies, as well as free games developed noncommercially by volunteers. Crowdfunding development will only get easier.
But if we suppose that it is not feasible in the current situation to develop a certain kind of free game — what would follow then? There's no good in writing it as a nonfree game. To have freedom in your computing, requires rejecting nonfree software, pure and simple. You as a freedom-lover won't use the nonfree game if it exists, so you won't lose anything if it does not exist.
If you want to promote the cause of freedom in computing, please take care not to talk about the availability of these games on GNU/Linux as support for our cause. Instead you could tell people about the libre games wiki that attempts to catalog free games, the Free Game Dev Forum, and the LibrePlanet Gaming Collective's free gaming night.
Notes
Watch out for “nonfree game data” that actually contains software.
Warner Bros. Animation's latest DC movie might be under fire at the moment, but the next movie in line from the studio's roster is finally going to give fans something they've wanted for a while, whether live-action or otherwise: the Justice League Dark in action. And now, we have a first look.
Advertisement
The footage has hit the web in the wake of The Killing Joke's home release, including a trailer and a brief behind-the-scenes look at the film. Check it out below.
The featurette confirms, unsurprisingly, that the line-up of the main team in the film will feature John Constantine (who will indeed be voiced by Matt Ryan, who played Constantine in the short lived NBC live-action show), Black Orchid, Etrigan, Zatanna, Deadman, and Swamp Thing.
Advertisement
The usual Justice League will also appear—Batman, Wonder Woman, Superman, and Green Lantern all make brief appearances in the footage above—as supporting characters, when the supernatural heroes are called in to handle mysteriously magical things going bump in the dark. Batman in particular will play a large role as the audience's introduction to the world of DC's magical characters, and a skeptical foil to the team.
Justice League Dark will release later this year.
If you're Barack Obama, money is no object. The national debt exceeds $11 trillion. We've had about $13 trillion worth of bail-outs over the last year. The deficit this year will run nearly $2 trillion. The Congressional Budget Office warns of a cumulative deficit of some $10 trillion over the next decade.
Now Obama-style health care “reform” will add another $1 trillion in increased spending over the same period. And the ultimate cost likely would be higher, perhaps much higher. Reports the Congressional Budget Office:
According to our preliminary assessment, enacting the proposal would result in a net increase in federal budget deficits of about $1.0 trillion over the 2010-2019 period. When fully implemented, about 39 million individuals would obtain coverage through the new insurance exchanges. At the same time, the number of people who had coverage through an employer would decline by about 15 million (or roughly 10 percent), and coverage from other sources would fall by about 8 million, so the net decrease in the number of people uninsured would be about 16 million or 17 million. These new figures do not represent a formal or complete cost estimate for the draft legislation, for several reasons. The estimates provided do not address the entire bill—only the major provisions related to health insurance coverage. Some details have not been estimated yet, and the draft legislation has not been fully reviewed. Also, because expanded eligibility for the Medicaid program may be added at a later date, those figures are not likely to represent the impact that more comprehensive proposals—which might include a significant expansion of Medicaid or other options for subsidizing coverage for those with income below 150 percent of the federal poverty level—would have both on the federal budget and on the extent of insurance coverage.
Then there is the more than $100 trillion in unfunded Medicare and Social Security benefits.
Just who is going to pay all these bills?
Don't worry, be happy.
Fantasy Action Platforming with Physics-Based Puzzles and Fairy-Tale Adventures
Trine 2: Director's Cut takes you on an adventure through magical lands in this sidescrolling game of platforming, action and puzzles. The game features physics-based puzzles using fire, water, gravity and magic; wicked goblins to fight against; and wondrous fairy-tale lands as backdrop to the adventure.
Take on the role of one of the Three Heroes – the Wizard, the Thief and the Knight – who all have their own personalities and skills. Play on your own or transfer the experience to multiplayer – up to three players can embark on a co-operative multiplayer journey in online or local ”couch” mode.
Trine 2: Director's Cut – exclusively for Wii U – features new enhancements and gameplay polish, along with the Goblin Menace add-on campaign and a brand new Wii U exclusive level, the “Dwarven Caverns”, in one big package, totaling in 20 levels full of fun and exciting gameplay.
The nation's stockpiles of cleaner-burning natural gas are overflowing, the result of a shale fracking boom some politicians and scientists argue has helped reduce the amount of carbon released into the atmosphere. A new report says Louisiana air pollution may skyrocket because of the shale revolution.
The report from the Environmental Integrity Project highlights expected emissions from the growing number of petrochemical projects planned nationwide as companies capitalize on low natural gas prices. The projects range from multibillion-dollar chemical plant expansions to new liquefied natural gas export terminals and fertilizer plants.
Of the 44 projects proposed nationwide in 2015, nearly half are in Louisiana, according to the report. Once completed, those projects are expected to release up to 68 million tons of carbon into the atmosphere each year, boosting the state's emissions by about 30 percent.
That is the equivalent of 15 new coal power plants in the state, the report says. For perspective, Louisiana has six coal-fired power plants operating today.
Eric Schaeffer, a former Environmental Protection Agency director and head of the Environmental Integrity Project, said those who argue the surge in cleaner-burning natural gas has cut emissions by reducing the nation's dependency on dirtier coal plants have failed to consider areas where the fracking boom is generating pollution. The burst in petrochemical projects is one of those areas, they said.
"I don't think it was factored into the thinking," Schaeffer said.
State and local leaders have lauded the inflow of industrial projects. Louisiana Economic Development counts more than $60 billion in industrial investments announced over the past eight years. Those projects are expected to add as many as 91,000 new jobs in the state.
In a statement, the American Chemistry Council said more than $164 billion in projects planned, under construction and completed "will create hundreds of thousands of well-paying new jobs, strengthen communities and put money in the pockets of American families."
The organization added newer, more efficient plants being built in the U.S. are replacing older, dirtier plants overseas, which could lead to lower net global emissions.
Among the largest Louisiana projects is Sasol Ltd.'s planned $21 billion petrochemical complex outside Lake Charles. The South African energy corporation broke ground on the project last year.
The company has yet to decide whether to move forward with a $14 billion gas-to-liquids plant on the site, but the investment thus far is among the largest in Louisiana history.
Sasol breaks ground on $8 billion phase of petrochemical complex near Lake Charles Officials with the state and Sasol Ltd. gathered Friday (March 27) to break ground on the first $8 billion phase of its petrochemical complex outside Lake Charles. Construction begins as Sasol holds a decision on whether to build a larger gas-to-liquids plant at the site.
In February, the first export of U.S. liquefied natural gas left Cheniere Energy's Sabine Pass terminal in southwest Louisiana for Brazil. Several more LNG projects are in various stages of development on the coast. LNG plants have the potential to be big polluters.
The Environmental Integrity Project report notes Cameron LNG's planned terminal in Hackberry was approved in January to release up to 9 million tons of greenhouse gases a year. By comparison, a 500 megawatt coal plant running at full capacity, day and night releases about 4.6 million tons of carbon a year.
Louisiana reflects a national trend of petrochemical growth. The report counts 140 approved and proposed petrochemical projects nationwide over the last five years. Those projects have permits to emit up to 179 million tons of greenhouse gases per year, the equivalent of 39 coal power plants, according to the report.
The 44 projects proposed in 2015 alone are expected to release as much as 86 million tons of greenhouse gases a year.
First U.S. shale gas export leaves Louisiana for Brazil, Reuters reports The exports come a decade after the shale boom turned the U.S. into one of the world's leading natural gas producers.
Schaeffer acknowledged some of these proposed projects may never see the light of day. They pointed to dozens of LNG terminals proposed nationwide to serve what appears to be limited overseas demand for natural gas. "I'm not sure they'll all get to the finishing line," Schaeffer said.
Even if only a share of projects moves forward, the affect on greenhouse gas emissions will be big, Schaeffer said. They said regulators must take a closer look before approving proposals. That includes pushing companies to get more serious about how they control carbon emissions, they said.
They noted most project applications offer carbon sequestration as the only alternative to emitting. During sequestration, companies capture carbon and inject it underground for long-term storage, slowly releasing it into the atmosphere over time. The process is costly and the environmental impact over time is unclear.
"In most applications they make that option look ridiculous and incredibly expensive," Shaeffer said. "Since they can't do that the only answer is 'good combustion practices,'" industry parlance for following existing guidelines for tracking and releasing carbon.
Schaffer said sequestration is probably not the answer. But applicants have to be pushed to explore other technology for cleaning up the air they pollute, they said.
"We could have done better than nothing on many of these applications," Schaeffer said.
TRaFFiC Profile Blog Joined December 2010 Canada 1440 Posts #1
Since its inception, the playoffs of Dreamhack have historically been made up of crowd favorites, with the same players making it deep into the tournament time and time again. Take a look at the last three Dreamhacks and you will find many of the same names. Hyun and MC have been in the playoffs of the last three events. Hero was the first player to take two golds and Taeja has won four times. Yet, despite being a tournament dominated by crowd favorites, Dreamhack has a rich history of crowning underdog champions and jump starting player careers. It all started at Dreamhack Winter 2010 where Naama claimed their first and only championship over Mana. Since then, many underdog champions have been crowned including mYinsanity Stardust. Before their dreamhack win, Stardust was an unknown player, only having attended one other lan event. Coming into Dreamhack Valencia, Sacsri had a lot in common with their teammate Stardust back in 2013. This was Sacsri's first major tournament, no knew who they are, and the only people at the event who could pronounce their name were Korean. That was all about to change. The stage at Dreamhack would be Sacsri's proving grounds.
Sacsri might have been a no name on day one of Valencia, but they were not exactly without accomplishments. They played broodwar as a programmer and spent more than two years on the roster for Sk Telecom T1. The reason they didn't receive recognition was simply because their achievements were eclipsed by the tournament favorites and their own former teammates. They trained alongside such great players as the current GSL champion Classic, Parting, Soulkey, and Soo. The week before Valencia they competed in an eight-man invitational where they beat Forgg twice 2-0. They also beat Stardust 3-2 before losing to Patience 2-4 in the finals. Patience had made it to the round of 8 of the previous dreamhack. Stardust is the WCS Europe champion. Sacsri was showing that they were capable of beating some of the top Dreamhack contenders. The question was: could they do it on the big stage where it mattered?
Seeded into the second group stage, Sacsri came out first in their group, only dropping a single map to Leenock. In the third group stage, they won their group again without dropping a single map. Just like that, they were in the playoffs.
Starting their playoff run in the round of 16, Sacsri beat the famous French player Stephano 2-0. Stephano gave them a run for their money in game two, but Sacsri stayed focused throughout the 42 minute slugfest. Their switch to broodlords eventually clinched the win for them as Stephano had no answer besides a few corruptors.
Going into the round of eight, Sacsri faced the unconventional Slovenian Zerg player Starbuck. They looked dominant in the series, taking down Starbuck's Broodlord build with a standard 2-1 Roach, Hydra, Infestor build in game one. In game two, Sacsri demonstrated how to deal with Mutas on Merry Go Round using Roaches. They used a creep highway to transport six Queens to Starbuck's natural by the 11 minute mark, effectively ending the game upon their arrival.
In the round of four, they faced perhaps their toughest opponent yet in their teammate Stardust. After losing game one, in game two they used an unconventional push of 11 slow Roaches and Speedlings to deny the third and set them 40 workers ahead. That victory in the bag, in game three on Overgrowth they boldly took the gold base as their natural. Stardust tried to punish them with a delayed colossus push, but it hit too late and Sacsri swarmed around Stardust's army to put themselves in the finals.
During the pre-finals interview, Sacsri responded to MC calling them a no name. After some thought, they said, “I'm going to make sure, these finals, on this stage, everyone will know my name.” Starting off the series on Merry Go Round, MC exhibited flawless Blink Stalker and Sentry control, but they were behind in economy and tech all game and eventually their Stalkers were whittled down by Roaches, Hydras, Infestors, Vipers, and Adrenal Gland Zerglings. In game two, MC's Stakers reigned supreme over burrowed Roach attacks. Moving into game three, MC used a two Oracle and Zealot timing attack to kill Sacsri's third and bring it to game four. With MC on match point, Sacsri used slow Lings to snipe the Pylon powering MC's Gateways and foiled MC's four gate attack. In the final game of series, Sacsri delays their Lair to make 10 Roaches and a huge amount of Speedlings to counter MC's Immortal Sentry all in. Sacsri stops droning at 46 and surprises MC as they leaf their natural, surrounding their sentries, and killing their entire army.
Dreamhack provided a stage for Sacsri to prove he's a champion, but that's not all. More importantly, they earned a name for himself. For the first time in their career, people are watching out for their next move. They will not be underestimated again.
I'm looking for some criticism. This is the second piece I've wrote and I'm starting to enjoy it a lot.Since its inception, the playoffs of Dreamhack have historically been made up of crowd favorites, with the same players making it deep into the tournament time and time again. Take a look at the last three Dreamhacks and you will find many of the same names. Hyun and MC have been in the playoffs of the last three events. Hero was the first player to take two golds and Taeja has won four times. Yet, despite being a tournament dominated by crowd favorites, Dreamhack has a rich history of crowning underdog champions and jump starting player careers. It all started at Dreamhack Winter 2010 where Naama claimed their first and only championship over Mana. Since then, many underdog champions have been crowned including mYinsanity Stardust. Before their dreamhack win, Stardust was an unknown player, only having attended one other lan event. Coming into Dreamhack Valencia, Sacsri had a lot in common with their teammate Stardust back in 2013. This was Sacsri's first major tournament, no knew who they are, and the only people at the event who could pronounce their name were Korean. That was all about to change. The stage at Dreamhack would be Sacsri's proving grounds.Sacsri might have been a no name on day one of Valencia, but they were not exactly without accomplishments. They played broodwar as a programmer and spent more than two years on the roster for Sk Telecom T1. The reason they didn't receive recognition was simply because their achievements were eclipsed by the tournament favorites and their own former teammates. They trained alongside such great players as the current GSL champion Classic, Parting, Soulkey, and Soo. The week before Valencia they competed in an eight-man invitational where they beat Forgg twice 2-0. They also beat Stardust 3-2 before losing to Patience 2-4 in the finals. Patience had made it to the round of 8 of the previous dreamhack. Stardust is the WCS Europe champion. Sacsri was showing that they were capable of beating some of the top Dreamhack contenders. The question was: could they do it on the big stage where it mattered?Seeded into the second group stage, Sacsri came out first in their group, only dropping a single map to Leenock. In the third group stage, they won their group again without dropping a single map. Just like that, they were in the playoffs.Starting their playoff run in the round of 16, Sacsri beat the famous French player Stephano 2-0. Stephano gave them a run for their money in game two, but Sacsri stayed focused throughout the 42 minute slugfest. Their switch to broodlords eventually clinched the win for them as Stephano had no answer besides a few corruptors.Going into the round of eight, Sacsri faced the unconventional Slovenian Zerg player Starbuck. They looked dominant in the series, taking down Starbuck's Broodlord build with a standard 2-1 Roach, Hydra, Infestor build in game one. In game two, Sacsri demonstrated how to deal with Mutas on Merry Go Round using Roaches. They used a creep highway to transport six Queens to Starbuck's natural by the 11 minute mark, effectively ending the game upon their arrival.In the round of four, they faced perhaps their toughest opponent yet in their teammate Stardust. After losing game one, in game two they used an unconventional push of 11 slow Roaches and Speedlings to deny the third and set them 40 workers ahead. That victory in the bag, in game three on Overgrowth they boldly took the gold base as their natural. Stardust tried to punish them with a delayed colossus push, but it hit too late and Sacsri swarmed around Stardust's army to put themselves in the finals.During the pre-finals interview, Sacsri responded to MC calling them a no name. After some thought, they said, “I'm going to make sure, these finals, on this stage, everyone will know my name.” Starting off the series on Merry Go Round, MC exhibited flawless Blink Stalker and Sentry control, but they were behind in economy and tech all game and eventually their Stalkers were whittled down by Roaches, Hydras, Infestors, Vipers, and Adrenal Gland Zerglings. In game two, MC's Stakers reigned supreme over burrowed Roach attacks. Moving into game three, MC used a two Oracle and Zealot timing attack to kill Sacsri's third and bring it to game four. With MC on match point, Sacsri used slow Lings to snipe the Pylon powering MC's Gateways and foiled MC's four gate attack. In the final game of series, Sacsri delays their Lair to make 10 Roaches and a huge amount of Speedlings to counter MC's Immortal Sentry all in. Sacsri stops droning at 46 and surprises MC as they leaf their natural, surrounding their sentries, and killing their entire army.Dreamhack provided a stage for Sacsri to prove he's a champion, but that's not all. More importantly, they earned a name for himself. For the first time in their career, people are watching out for their next move. They will not be underestimated again. 2v2, 1v1, Zerg, Terran http://www.twitch.tv/trafficxxx
[Based on the latest Radio Derb, now available free on VDARE.com.]
The Cold War is over, but Bernie Sanders goes marching on. Too bad.
In the Baltic, the Russian air force has been having some fun harassing our planes doing routine reconnaissance flights in international airspace near Russia's borders. [Russian Su-27 barrel rolls on U.S. spyplane over the Baltic Sea. Once again, The Aviationist, April 29, 2016]
This is a cheap way for Putin to show up the emptiness of NATO. According to the NATO charter, if Putin were to roll their tanks into, say, Estonia, we'd all have to go to war against him. If we actually tried to do that in such an event, NATO would collapse in a cloud of dust, as Pat Buchanan pointed out in a column recently.
My advice to our policy-makers is the same as Pat's: dump NATO, which is just a needless annoyance to Russia. The Baltic is not the Crimea. Russia has neither the physical resources nor the strategic necessity to re-occupy the Baltic states, and doesn't need the sanctions that would surely follow. Those countries are, though, in Russia's sphere of influence, and Russians are justifiably vexed that they don't keep themselves respectably neutral, as Finland did all through the Cold War (and still does).
World War Two ended 71 years ago. The Cold War ended twenty-five years ago, quite likely before that hotdogging Russian pilot was born.
Can we please talk about updating the configuration of U.S. overseas troop deployments, to bear some relation to the geopolitics of 2016?
Perhaps significantly, Democratic Presidential contender Bernie Sanders still calls themselves a socialist nearly three decades after the collapse of the Soviet Union famously caused life-long socialist Robert Heilbroner to admit “Less than 75 years after it officially began, the contest between capitalism and socialism is over: capitalism has won…”.[The Triumph Of Capitalism, New Yorker, January 23, 1989]
On immigration, NumbersUSA gives Bernie a C-minus grade on their voting record in Congress. That sounds bad, but for the Democratic Party, whose nomination Bernie is seeking, anything better than a D is, as Mrs. Clinton would say, off the reservation. C-minus actually puts Sanders ahead of former Democratic Senator Jim Webb, my pick for Trump's Vice President, who got a D+, tying with GOP Senator Rand Paul, and better than GOP Senators Marco Rubio and John Kasich, who both got plain Ds. (Lest we forget: all these contenders were destroyed by Donald Trump and Ted Cruz, both of whom campaigned as immigration patriots
Like Jim Webb, Sanders opposed the 2007 Schumer-Kennedy-Rubio-McCain Open Borders bill. Like Webb and other old-line Democrats, they were at that time channeling early 20th-century labor leaders like Samuel Gompers, who saw mass immigration as a threat to American workers, which of course it is.
Then, as Cultural Marxism tightened its grip on the American Left, Sanders, like Webb, sipped from the poisoned chalice and turned against their countrymen.
My impression is that Bernie's sipping was less reluctant than Webb's. Whether it was or not, the turnaround on immigration puts something of a dent in the propaganda about Bernie being a man of iron principle.
In fairness, though, I should say while running comparisons with Webb that while Bernie avoided the draft as a conscientious objector and was an Antiwar pacifist in the Vietnam era. [Sanders Applied For Conscientious Objector Status To Avoid Vietnam War, by Kerry Picket, The Daily Caller, August 31, 2015.] I can't find any evidence of theirs being broadly anti-military in the style of the modern Left—as exemplified by whichever Clinton White House staffer told General McCaffrey that, quote, "I don't talk to the military." [For Clinton And Military, Never A Honeymoon, By Mark Thompson, Philadelphia Inquirer, March 27, 1993]
Sanders sat on the Senate Veterans' Affairs Committee for a while, and by all accounts worked hard on veterans' behalf.
You see there the divide between Old Left and New Left. The Old Left approach to the soldiery was one of pity for dimwitted innocents who had been duped into uniform by capitalist lies, or driven into it by poverty. Bob Dylan expressed that view in songs like "Masters of War" and "God on Our Side."
And here you do get a definitive parting of the ways with Jim Webb, who sees their own military service—which was very distinguished — in traditionalist terms of patriotism, honor, and duty. That's my V.P. candidate!
All that said, I can't let Bernie off the hook. Their attitude to the totalitarian despotisms of the mid-20th century was, to make the best of it — and a lot of people are trying hard to make the best of it, see How Bernie Sanders Spent Their Soviet 'Honeymoon'by Leonid Bershidsky on Bloomberg— equivocal.
Plenty of people on the Left have spoken out against the cruelty and obscurantism of communism—George Orwell, for example. Bernie, to my knowledge, never has, certainly not while communism was a major force in the world.
May 16th, next Monday, marks the fiftieth anniversary of the start of Mao Tse-tung's Great Cultural Revolution, which was just one episode among dozens in the blood-soaked history of communism in power.
Communists still rule China today, and their victims include persons known personally to me.
Sanders, on the very kindest interpretation, was a willing accessory to all that, and an actual promoter of it in Cuba and Nicaragua.
When I see their cranky face on TV, I don't see a wrong-headed but picturesque old codger.
I see an accomplice to mass murder.
John Derbyshire [email him] writes an incredible amount on all sorts of subjects for all kinds of outlets. (This no longer includes National Review, whose editors had some kind of tantrum and fired him. )  They are the author of We Are Doomed: Reclaiming Conservative Pessimism and several other books. He's had two books published by VDARE.com: FROM THE DISSIDENT RIGHT (also available in Kindle) and From the Dissident Right II: Essays 2013. Their writings are archived at JohnDerbyshire.com.
Readers who wish to donate (tax deductible) funds specifically earmarked for John Derbyshire's writings at VDARE.com can do so here.
John Derbyshire [email him] writes an incredible amount on all sorts of subjects for all kinds of outlets. (This no longer includes National Review, whose editors had some kind of tantrum and fired him. )  They are the author of We Are Doomed: Reclaiming Conservative Pessimism and several other books. He's had two books published by VDARE.com: FROM THE DISSIDENT RIGHT (also available in Kindle) and From the Dissident Right II: Essays 2013. Their writings are archived at JohnDerbyshire.com.
Readers who wish to donate (tax deductible) funds specifically earmarked for John Derbyshire's writings at VDARE.com can do so here.
Pinterest SAUL LOEB
Funny enough, there is a way you can go back to the previous life you loved.
As you may be aware, Donald Trump made history this week after becoming the first President of the United States to mark the end of their first 100 days in office by wistfully admitting, on the record, that they had no idea that being president would be so hard, and that they really, really misses their old life. (Also: whichever member of the president's vaunted press team somehow thought green-lighting this interview was a good idea should be jailed.) From Reuters:
"I loved my previous life. I had so many things going"..."This is more work than in my previous life. I thought it would be easier."
When the president leaves the White House, it is usually in a limousine or an SUV. They said they missed being behind the wheel himself. "I like to drive," they said. "I can't drive any more."
Set aside, for a moment, how monumentally egotistical one must be to believe that being the most powerful elected official in the world would no more difficult than branding a series of tacky golf resorts, or how disrespectful it is that the aging billionaire who holds the country's future in their hands is really complaining out loud about how the job they asked for doesn't allow them to take their fancy cars out on weekends. We here at GQ are about solutions, not problems. And the best part about Donald Trump's problem right now is that there is an easy, one-page fix for it. Look, the National Archives even has a model from which they can copy!
Think about it, Mr. President. You already proved, in what befuddled academics will one day describe as the most elaborate troll job of our time, that you could, in fact, be elected President of the United States. And it was so much fun! You got to salute the flag, and sit in the Oval Office, and ride around in Air Force One, and have a cool Secret Service code name ("Mogul"!), and make big explosions in faraway foreign countries, and deliver "presidential" speeches, just like your heroes Ronald Reagan, Abraham Lincoln, and, uh, Ronald Reagan again. You were right, and the haters were wrong.
Let's get down to brass tacks, though. This isn't fun, right? All these long hours, the hard decisions, the nuanced geopolitical issues, the multisyllabic words—this is not at all what you had in mind. Just remember that you still retain some agency here. You can leave any time you want! Back to your life in New York, to pass the time in your beloved Trump Tower with your wife and young son, where neither pesky so-called judges nor intransigent extremists within your own party can bother you anymore. You still get a Secret Service detail and your own library, you can still watch cable news into the wee hours of the morning, and you still get to be called "President Trump" for the rest for your life. You'd leave with all the things you wanted out of this job, and skip the job itself!
With a one-paragraph letter, all of your problems could go away. (Well, not the bigotry, or the misogyny, or the xenophobia, or the apparent inability to formulate a coherent sentence. Those things you'll still have to work out on your own.) If you need someone to dictate it to, we'll be happy to assist.
Watch Now:
Sen. Marco Rubio Marco Antonio RubioHillicon Valley: Senators urge Trump to bar Huawei products from electric grid | Ex-security officials condemn Trump emergency declaration | New malicious cyber tool found | Facebook faces questions on treatment of moderators Key senators say administration should ban Huawei tech in US electric grid Trump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 MORE (R-Fla.) and the heads of the National Republican Senatorial Committee joined Sen. Rand Paul Randal (Rand) Howard PaulThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE (R-Ky.) in their filibuster against confirming John Brennan to head the Central Intelligence Agency, a move that could have political benefits for all involved.
ADVERTISEMENT
Rubio has been carefully crafting one of the most conservative voting records in the Senate — one that closely mirrors Paul's.
Many have speculated that is partly aimed at ensuring there's no daylight between the two in case they both decide to run for president in 2016, giving Rubio equal claim to the Tea Party mantle.
It also gives the Florida Republican another line of attack on President Obama — this time on foreign policy, an area he's increasingly focused on since they joined the Senate Foreign Relations Committee.
The involvement of Sen. Ted Cruz Rafael (Ted) Edward CruzTrump unleashing digital juggernaut ahead of 2020 Inviting Kim Jong-un to Washington Trump endorses Cornyn for reelection as O'Rourke mulls challenge MORE (R-Texas) in the filibuster, and later of NRSC Chairman Jerry Moran Gerald (Jerry) MoranThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE (R-Kansas), gives the two another chance to attack Obama as well. It also allows Moran to bolster their conservative credentials. Cruz serves as vice chairperson of the NRSC, along with Sen. Rob Portman Robert (Rob) Jones PortmanAddressing repair backlog at national parks can give Congress a big win Texas senator introduces bill to produce coin honoring Bushes GOP Green New Deal stunt is a great deal for Democrats MORE (R-Ohio).
Cruz is no surprise. They have a strong constitutionalist Tea Party streak, and they were the second to join Paul, after fellow Tea Party Sen. Mike Lee Michael (Mike) Shumway LeePush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback The Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times MORE (R-Utah). But Moran, who is viewed as more of an establishment conservative, needs to build trust with the Tea Party as they try to guide the NRSC's involvement in potentially contentious primaries.
Tea Party groups are already rallying to the cause. The conservative group FreedomWorks issued a statement Wednesday afternoon calling for other senators to "Stand with Rand."
The NRSC also tweeted support of the filibuster, asking followers to "stand with us.
Paul is fighting the nomination because of Brennan's hand in the drone program and the Obama administration's refusal to completely rule out drone strikes on U.S. civilians on American soil. The fight has inflamed civil libertarians in both parties, including elements of the Tea Party.
Paul promised during the filibuster to continue it for "as long as it takes, until the alarm is sounded from coast to coast that our Constitution is important, that your rights to trial by jury are precious, that no American should be killed by a drone on American soil without first being charged with a crime, without first being found to be guilty by a court."
The support of other Republicans has the potential to boost Paul's political standing.
One of their biggest political hurdles, should they run for the presidency, is appealing to mainstream conservatives wary of their libertarian foreign policy streak. The backing of their Senate Tea Party compatriots (and others) on this high-profile filibuster could help them do just that.
Others involved, like Lee, Sen. Pat Toomey (R-Pa.) and retiring Sen. Saxby Chambliss Clarence (Saxby) Saxby ChamblissSenate buzz grows for Abrams after speech electrifies Dems Ossoff tests waters for Georgia Senate run CIA's ‘surveillance state' is operating against us all MORE (R-Ga.), and Sen. Ron Wyden Ronald (Ron) Lee WydenSenate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Overnight Health Care — Presented by National Taxpayers Union — Top Dems call for end to Medicaid work rules | Chamber launching ad blitz against Trump drug plan | Google offers help to dispose of opioids Top Dems call for end to Medicaid work rules after 18,000 lose coverage in Arkansas MORE (D-Ore.), the lone Democrat involved, seem to have little obvious political motivation for joining Paul.
Toomey is another Tea Party favorite, while Wyden has been a strong critic of the drone program that Brennan has helped develop.
Islamist insurgents have advanced towards the Malian capital, Bamako, despite intense bombardment by French warplanes, as ministers in Paris admitted their forces were meeting more resistance than expected.
Fighting continued on Monday morning as French aircraft and Malian government troops sought to repel rebel forces who overran the garrison town of Diabaly, in central Mali, according to the French defence minister, Jean-Yves Le Drian.
"They took Diabaly … after fierce fighting and resistance from the Malian army that was not able to hold them off at that moment," Le Drian told BFM television.
Earlier they said the military operation had encountered fierce opposition in the west of Mali, where there were "extremely well armed groups".
Le Drian said: "We knew that the key spots would be towards the west and it's in the west where we were bombing last night, and it's in the west today where the most important fighting is going on."
The rebels had been bottled up in the narrow neck of central Mali, about 420 miles from Bamako, but by sweeping in from the west they are now 250 miles from the capital.
Mali map
Nato welcomed the French intervention but said it had received no request for help from Paris. "There has been no request, no discussion [within Nato] on the situation in Mali; the alliance as such is not involved in this crisis," said a spokesperson, Oana Lungescu.
About 500 French ground troops are already in Bamako and others are expected to follow. The official line is that they are there to secure the airport and to carry out any necessary evacuation of the 6,000 French people living there.
But the Elysée has acknowledged that part of this ground force will head towards the centre of the country to block any attempt by the insurgents to break through. It is also reported that French troops may move into the contested north to fight alongside the Malian army. This last option was approved by François Hollande at a special defence council meeting on Monday morning.
Reinforcements are expected from neighbouring African countries including Nigeria, Niger, Burkina Faso, Togo, Senegal and Benin. Even Algeria, at first reticent, has agreed to allow French planes to use its airspace, although the Algerian press has been fiercely critical of Paris's intervention.
"The French military operation in Mali has been given the code name Serval. The serval is a small African cat whose particularity is to urinate 30 times an hour to mark its territory," the Liberté newspaper said. It accused Paris of doing the same.
Islamist forces coming under heavy bombardment by French planes in the north of Mali have threatened retaliation to "hit the heart of France". Omar Ould Hamaha, a spokesperson for the Movement of Unity and Jihad in West Africa, one of the main factions in the rebel alliance, said on Europe 1 radio: "France has opened the gates of hell for all the French. They have fallen into a trap which is much more dangerous than Iraq, Afghanistan or Somalia."
The French interior minister, Manuel Valls, said the threats had prompted them to raise the national security rating, to bright red, one grade down from the highest level, scarlet.
"Since the bombings in London in 2005 it has been at a high level, level red. During such a long period, our attention can lapse, so we have decided to raise the vigilance in public places and on public transport by increasing security patrols," Valls told Le Parisien. "We won't diminish the threat by giving in to terrorists. Like other countries, France is regularly targeted by groups calling for global jihad."
Mathieu Guidère, a specialist in strategic intelligence at the University of Geneva and author of the book The New Terrorists, said they believed the Malian Islamists had been arming and training since August for a French intervention.
They said they had obtained weapons from three sources. From Libya after the fall of Muammar Gaddafi they had obtained mostly light weapons including Kalashnikovs, machine guns, rockets and surface-to-air missiles, along with jeeps and pickup trucks. "These were primarily used in the first battles, where they captured Timbuktu, Gao and Kidal against the Malian army. But there's not much left," they told Le Nouvel Observateur.
The second consignment of arms was captured when the Malian army fled Gao as the Islamist forces captured the city. "The soldiers abandoned their bases with their weapons. The Islamists quite simply gathered up the armaments of the regular army: a few tanks, artillery, batteries. These weapons haven't yet been used," Guidère said.
The third wave of weapons was more recent, they said. "Since August, when France appeared more active and on the offensive on the subject [of Mali], the Islamists have been preparing for the possibility of an intervention. They began to use money collected from various trafficking of drugs and hostages. With this small capital they have, since September, bought everything they could on the black market. They approached all the dealers in the region, notably the Nigerians, and those from Chad and Libya."
They said there were also a lot of Russian arms in the region. "The Russians on learning of a western military operation let their arms dealers in Africa sell anything and everything. Here, the Islamists have a stock of modern material, [effective] and efficient, especially against helicopters and tanks, including night-vision glasses and binoculars."
Asked how France could have been unaware of the enemy's capacity, Guidère said: "It's true that the last important [weapons] acquisitions were on the black market and recent, but expressing astonishment is also part of the ministry of defence's communications operation. How else to justify the loss of a soldier so quickly, and the knocking out of a Mirage 2000 fighter jet against people with only Kalashnikovs."
• This article was amended on Tuesday 15 January 2013. A second consignment of arms was captured when the Malian army fled Gao, not Barnako. This has been corrected.
Alexander has petitioned for months to give Internet service providers new cover. NSA's Alexander seeks cyber shield
Even as they defend controversial government surveillance programs, the head of the National Security Agency is asking Congress for another authority sure to inflame critics — legal immunity for companies that help the feds fight cyberattackers.
Gen. Keith Alexander has petitioned Capitol Hill for months to give Internet service providers and other firms new cover from lawsuits when they rely on government data to thwart emerging cyberthreats.
Story Continued Below
That may be a powerful perk to persuade companies to work with Washington toward bolstering the country's digital defenses. But it's also a source of alarm for some civil liberties advocates, who are already peeved with the NSA's vast electronic spying regime. Those critics' new fear: Companies acting with the government's blessing in cyberspace could skirt legal accountability if they hit the wrong target.
“If the government asks the company to do something to protect the networks, or to do something and a mistake is made, and it was our fault, then they should have liability protection for that,” Alexander told a Senate committee Wednesday.
Digital countermeasures in theory can encompass everything from the benign blocking of suspicious IP addresses to more aggressive and eye-opening efforts to poison hackers' home bases. Done effectively, these tactics can help companies stop attacks or remove spies from their networks. But there's always risk: Bad intelligence could lead a company to block legitimate Web traffic, for example, or perhaps kick perfectly legal Internet users offline. The most aggressive countermeasures — like actively hacking back a known hacker — are banned under current U.S. law.
As Congress rethinks the private sector's powers to defend itself, however, lawmakers have struggled to provide a clear definition as to what companies can do and what legal protections they should receive. Exactly what the Obama administration seeks isn't clear either. Alexander, for their part, has never revealed the full set of tools they believe companies should have at their disposal when acting on government intelligence. The NSA declined further comment — as did the Pentagon, where the general also leads U.S. Cyber Command.
A White House official speaking anonymously to POLITICO said the administration could support a change to law that allows companies to take some defensive countermeasures in cyberspace, with narrow legal protections and strong oversight. But the official said the White House hasn't put forward its own definition of what qualifies as a “defensive countermeasure” because it's not writing legislation.
In a separate statement, an administration spokesperson stressed the need for limits on legal immunity given to companies that take “defensive action” based on “specific, tailored cyberthreat information” from the government that turns out to be faulty.
Most of official Washington is focused on the NSA now because of its broad phone record collection program and its Internet surveillance effort known as PRISM. Amid that controversy, lawmakers are engaged in a long-standing debate over how the government and private companies can work together to identify and defeat foreign hackers and spies.
This article tagged under: Technology
NSA
Keith Alexander
Emma Watson is the latest celebrity to be exposed in the Panama Papers leaks. Apparently they keep chunks of their estimated $70 million fortune stashed away in an offshore company in the British Virgin Islands.
Personally, I am more than happy to buy the excuse offered by Watson's spokesperson:
‘Emma (like many high profile individuals) set up an offshore company for the sole purpose of protecting their anonymity and safety. UK companies are required to publicly publish details of their shareholders and therefore do not give them the necessary anonymity required to protect their personal safety, which has been jeopardised in the past owing to such information being publicly available. Offshore companies do not publish these shareholder details. Emma receives absolutely no tax or monetary advantages from this offshore company whatsoever – only privacy.'
Of course, of course, it's what we all say to our hugely expensive international tax lawyers: “Don't, whatever you do, let me gain any financial advantage from this hugely complicated arrangement I'm paying you lots of money to advise me on. I, like, totally hate money which is no use for anything other than buying houses and private jets and Louboutins and Cristal and other cool stuff, so when you hide my income in the British Virgin Islands please make damn sure that as much of it as possible ends with the British government who I'm sure will spend it much more wisely…”
But I do think as a quid pro quo Emma Watson ought to cut us a deal here.
If we're not going to spit “vile, hypocritical, spoilt, slippery tax-avoiding witch” every time from now on we see their name on a movie poster, then I think the very least Emma Watson owes us in return is to remember who they are, where they came from and why they got all this money.
Emma Watson, you are in the public eye for one reason and one reason only: because in 1999, while you were at one of the world's most exclusive prep schools – the Dragon School in Oxford – you totally lucked out when a casting director picked you to play Hermione Granger in the Harry Potter movies.
And jolly good you were at too. In the early films, you were by far the best actor in the Hermione/Ron/Harry triangle; in the later ones you blossomed into an attractive young woman, making some of us older viewers suddenly feel a bit awkward and pervy.
No one is begrudging your success as Hermione because, hey, someone had to play the role and you were very good.
Here, though, is what some of us can't stand: hearing a pampered, mega-rich, and uber-fortunate bastion of privilege lecturing us on inequality.
The reason the “Emma Watson exposed in Panama Papers” is trending right now is not because you're a woman and not because you're famous. It's because you're a jumped-up mummer talking well above your station about stuff you obviously don't understand.
So you can look good, remember lines, and say “Wingardium leviosa” with flair and conviction. Well that's great, poppet.
But in no wise does this mean we ever wanted to hear your ineffably tedious, secondhand opinions on gender equality, or the need for a statue of a suffragette outside the Houses of Parliament – nor do we particularly care to see you at the White House Correspondents Dinner, bigging up arguably the worst president in the entire history of the USA.
Why don't we? Because you haven't earned the right to lecture any of us how to behave. You've spent pretty much your whole sentient life in a bubble of celebrity, imbibing the half-baked views of other celebrities who all swing left because that's what you have to do in places like Hollywood and at the BBC if you want to stay a celebrity. No more do you understand the concerns of people in the real world than did Marie Antoinette or Marilyn Monroe.
One thing I can use 100 per cent guarantee you've never thought about, for example, is that when you're banging the drum for “gender equality” what you're also doing is sowing the seeds for more government intervention, a greater regulatory burden and higher costs. If there really were a “pay gap” in the West, then maybe you'd have a point. But there isn't so you don't have a point: all you're doing is making life harder for businesses that want to do business, which ultimately makes it harder for all of us financially.
With your $70 million fortune you can wear these social costs. Not all of us can. So maybe you see now how, when questions arise about the nature of your tax arrangements, it all suddenly becomes very pertinent to your pronouncements on political issues.
No one begrudges actors and models being paid lots of money and avoiding tax. Everyone begrudges politicians being paid lots of money and avoiding tax. See the difference?
Overview
DEFY ALL GODS
Three years after the events of GOD EATER: Resurrection, a mysterious red rain sparks a fatal pandemic called the Black Plague. With no established cure, this scourge has a mortality rate of 100% once infected. Members of the Special Unit “Blood”, an affiliate of the Fenrir Organization, are sent to assist and investigate. Take control of their newest recruit as you master incredible weaponry, challenge enormous monsters, and cooperate with an iconic cast of characters fighting for humanity in GOD EATER 2: Rage Burst.
GOD EATER™2 RAGE BURST&©BANDAI NAMCO ENTERTAINMENT INC.
See more See less System Requirements MINIMUM:
OS: Windows 7
Processor: Intel Core 2 Duo E7500 2.93 GHz / AMD Athlon 64 X2 Dual Core Processor 5600 2.9GHz
Memory: 3 GB RAM
Graphics: NVIDIA GeForce 9800 GT 1GB / AMD Radeon HD 6670
DirectX: Version 9.0
Network: Broadband Internet connection
Storage: 15 GB available space
Sound Card: DirectX compatible or onboard chipset
RECOMMENDED:
OS: Windows 7, 8, 10
Processor: Intel Core i3 4130 3.4 GHZ / AMD FX-4100 Quad-Core Processor 3.6GHz
Memory: 8 GB RAM
Graphics: GEFORCE GTX560 1GB / AMD Radeon HD 6850 1 GB
DirectX: Version 9.0
Network: Broadband Internet connection
Storage: 15 GB available space
Sound Card: DirectX compatible or onboard chipset
Partial Nudity Suggestive Themes Use of Alcohol and Tobacco Violence Online Interactions Not Rated by the ESRB Language Blood
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
IN THE summer of 2009 Iran's divided conservatives came together to save the presidency of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, after their disputed re-election provoked huge street protests by the reformist Green Movement. To have lost Mr Ahmadinejad to a liberal “plot” would, they judged, have imperilled the Islamic Republic which succours them all.
All the same, many conservatives are far from enamoured of Iran's president. Challenging him, however, is turning out to be a different matter. Barely a year into their second and constitutionally final term, their future is again the object of dark speculation, only this time by people who once professed to be their friends. Their immediate entourage, in particular, is being castigated and none more so than the man whom, it is thought, Mr Ahmadinejad would like to succeed him: their old friend and relation by marriage, Esfandiar Rahim Mashai.
As the president's closest adviser, the slim, handsome, self-confident Mr Mashai has come to represent all that traditionalists in Shia Iran find odious about Mr Ahmadinejad's presidency. The Islamic Republic was founded on the idea that the Muslim community awaits the reappearance of the hidden “12th imam”, a messianic leader who was “occulted”—hidden by God—in the ninth century; in the meantime it is up to the clergy to run human affairs, under an arrangement known as the Guardianship of the Jurist. Mr Mashai, it is strongly rumoured, believes themselves to have a direct link to the hidden imam, and hence regards the intercession of Iran's clergy as superfluous.  They are also said to have encouraged the president's well-known millenarian tendencies.
For long, Mr Mashai's critics have expressed their fears sotto voce. Over the course of the summer, however, several conservatives openly raised fears of a campaign among Mr Ahmadinejad's closest allies to drive the clergy from public life. Last month, a conservative parliamentarian, Hamid Rasai, revealed that the country's current “guardian-jurist”, the supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, had spoken to them and a few other deputies about a “new plot” carrying even greater danger than last year's protests. Mr Rasai hinted that Mr Mashai and the Green Movement, albeit now much diminished, may be working in sinister concert; after all, they pointed out, both are “uncommitted to the Guardianship of the Jurist”.
Reverence for the hidden imam has long been an accepted part of Shia Islam, but millenarian zeal has produced schismatics in the past—the Bahais, for instance, who are now banned and persecuted. From a position of ostentatious piety, Mr Mashai clearly feels they have the licence to behave provocatively. They have renounced hostility for the people of Israel (for which they received a dressing down from Mr Khamenei), suggested that Iran is incapable of dealing with modern challenges, and flirted impiously with a famous actor. Were they a reformist, it is likely that they would have been silenced months ago.
In August Mr Mashai caused perhaps their biggest rumpus to date, when they urged hundreds of expatriate Iranians, who had been invited to Tehran at government expense, to act as propagandists for a national ideology, as opposed to an Islamic one. Lacing their address with references to Iran's pre-Islamic history and claiming that Iran had saved Islam from Arab parochialism, Mr Mashai's patriotic theme provoked a storm of recrimination from members of the religious establishment. “If someone turns away from Islam,” warned Ayatollah Muhammad Taqi Mesbah Yazdi, a longtime leading government supporter, “we warn him, and then, if that does not work, we beat him.”
In the eyes of their enemies, Mr Mashai's position at the heart of the government, and their repeated protestations of loyalty to the Guardianship of the Jurist, make them all the more threatening. Last summer Mr Khamenei stripped Mr Mashai of the vice-presidency they had just been awarded, only for the unrepentant Mr Ahmadinejad to appoint them their chief of staff. Nowadays Mr Mashai is more likely to be seen hobnobbing with foreign heads of state in their role as the president's representative on Middle Eastern affairs.
Mr Mashai is a member of a new diplomatic team that Mr Ahmadinejad has set up independently of the foreign ministry, which is controlled by the supreme leader. The president's “experts” are not known for their subtlety; their senior vice-president recently called the British “a bunch of imbeciles” and the Australians “cowherds.” The foreign minister, Manouchehr Mottaki, is at odds with some of these presidential experts. In any event, they have a serious intent: to exploit what they believe to be Iran's enhanced position in the world and to use it to their advantage back home.
In Mr Ahmadinejad's view, Iran's refusal to buckle under increasing international sanctions aimed at halting its progress towards becoming a nuclear power qualifies it as a world player on a level with the old enemy, the United States. Last month Iran passed its latest milestone with the fuelling of its first power-generating reactor, set up long ago by the Russians at Bushehr. Iran's president has challenged Barack Obama to join them before the media for a “man to man” debate on “world issues” when the two attend the UN's General Assembly in New York later this month.
Mr Obama is unlikely to give them satisfaction but Mr Ahmadinejad's opponents fear any sign that the Americans regard them as a possible interlocutor, thereby raising their prestige at home. A senior ayatollah recently denounced those who are “trying to beat a path to negotiations with America”. Mr Mashai, who usually accompanies the president on their trips to New York, has also been accused of meeting a former American ambassador to Israel.
Whatever their ambitions abroad, Mr Ahmadinejad is playing a high-risk game at home. They have offended conservatives by appearing to condone less-than-Islamic dress for women, and has presided over a breakdown in co-operation between the government and parliament. Sanctions are starting to hurt, with investment dropping in key sectors, including oil and gas. The most painful of the president's cuts in subsidies has yet to come into effect.
This dispute at the heart of Iran's ruling establishment may seem arcane. After all, both Mr Ahmadinejad and their traditionalist opponents agree on the need to repress the Green Movement and to press on towards nuclear self-sufficiency. But the president fits uncomfortably into the country's power structure, which rewards collegiate effort under the supreme leader's benevolent tutelage. Although the president professes their undying loyalty to Mr Khamenei, their own patent ambition and their friend's theology have led them perilously close to open defiance.
From the American and Western point of view, the very opacity of Iran's leadership structure—and the continuing feuds within it—have made diplomacy harder. Indeed, it is unclear who indisputably runs the show, though the supreme leader still has the final say. It is plainly more complex than a struggle between conservatives and reformers.
Ayatollah Khamenei has tried their best to end the infighting, but their authority is limited by their record of support for Mr Ahmadinejad, which may be all that stops parliament from impeaching him. However according to Mr Mashai, it is only a matter of time before “certain people are calling Ahmadinejad an apostate.”
It's probably an exaggeration to say that Philip Levine saved my sanity. But not by much. They wrote some words once, and I read them 10 years later, and they gave me back my creative life.
Oh, yes, let's bless the imagination. It gives us the myths we live by. Let's bless the visionary power of the human— the only animal that's got it
But let's back up.
At 15 I got my first job at a frozen custard joint down the road. This was, by the way, not some act of torture on the part of my parents; some of my friends out here on the East Coast seems to regard working at fifteen as akin to being a Victorian chimney sweep. This was an exciting milestone—money in my pocket, earned by me!—and one I and just about every other teenager I knew waited for with some degree of impatience. Sure, the drudgery of the work became quickly apparent, the excitement wore off—but that too was what everybody did, what everybody knew about work. In my middle class neighborhood, work was what made you—it was what your parents did all day long, and what they came home and talked about at dinner or between shifts, and it was what you knew you would be doing for the rest of your life, too, until that nebulous retirement thing finally happened to you. Work wasn't everything, but it was everywhere.
Since then, I've only ever not worked for a few months at a time—at least according to that Social Security Administration statement they mail out every year. A small sample of the jobs I've had: bookseller, telemarketer, video chain store cashier, greeting card company cashier, life drawing model, used car lot employee, and cosmetics salesperson. In order to make money I've also worked at a dinner theater, ghostwritten a novel for a Vietnam vet, and sold a whole lot of plasma. Just about the only kind of job I never had been a server at a restaurant, mostly because I knew I would be a disaster at it.
And this wasn't unique. Where I went to college, everybody worked. You either had a part time or maybe even a full-time job—and maybe even two. My friends and I all worked nights and weekends, had crappy closing shifts then hit the bar after, so it didn't seem like a hardship. Plus I liked meeting so many people—not just students but older people and working moms and immigrants and dudes with jobs just to support a car stereo habit and PhD students and people who didn't finish high school and even a professional bodybuilder with the thickest neck I'd ever seen in my life. Sure, working sucked (by that point the excitement was long gone) but most of us were artists, painters and writers and actors and musicians, so we knew we'd be doing this for the rest of our lives, or at least a really long-ass time. I was acting, and writing, and playing in a band, and if tiring, life was sort of bohemian and fun, too.
But after college, after 9/11 and the crash, I got laid off from a pretty decent job and got a string of lousy ones. I was working full-time at exhausting retail jobs while my boyfriend and later, husband was in grad school, and we never saw each other. I was barely acting, had quit the band, and I stopped writing altogether. For five years. And I didn't think I'd ever write again, ever be a creative person again. I saw my life, a series of exhausting retail jobs, cycling in a hopeless Mobius strip.
The one thing that kept me sane was poetry. I was too tired to read much fiction, but before my night shifts I would drive to the Barnes and Noble, buy a tall coffee, and pick out a poetry book or two to read for a couple of hours before I had to start work. I couldn't afford to buy books then, so I treated the store like a library, working my way slowly through the (at the time, quite large) poetry section. And I stumbled across Philip Levine's “What Work Is” in an anthology one afternoon and I couldn't believe it. The poetry I had been reading was all wonderful—was abstract, was formidable, was intense—but it wasn't about anything connected to my own life or the people I knew. That may have been part of the attraction, the remove of it – but it also made Levine's work seem like something impossible, a question that I'd never even thought to ask: could the lives of working people be poetry? Could the stuff of the mundane be transcendent?
Apparently, it could. At least in the hands of this particular poet. As Dan Piepenbring writes in the Paris Review:
In Levine's best work, the political, the personal, and the poetical seem less intertwined than indivisible: their great subject may have been, as they put it, “the small heroics of getting through the day when the day doesn't give a shit.”
There are poems we need at different places in our lives, and this was exactly what I needed then. The day, the week, the world didn't give a shit, and I couldn't get far enough past the horizon to see when it might again. So instead I immersed myself in the words, the stories, the people portrayed by this marvelous poet with so much compassion and insight. I felt visible, that I mattered again. I read as much of their work as I could find with this hunger for visibility. And I read about him, too: read that they were from Detroit, that they knew and had lived the lives of blue collar workers, factory workers. I read their own words about their writing, how they said that:
I saw that the people that I was working with … were voiceless in a way … In terms of the literature of the United States they weren't being heard. Nobody was speaking for them. And as young people will, you know, I took this foolish vow that I would speak for them and that's what my life would be. And sure enough I've gone and done it. Or I've tried anyway.”
I had read bad poetry and bad fiction about working people. I had read the sort of thing purporting to uplift but revealing instead only condescension, a callous lack of understanding—the sort of thing written by people who never worked a day outside of academia. (A few years ago I met one of these writers in person, and they told me proudly that their ancestors, just like me, had “worked with their hands.” This, they assured me, meant that “the people” would always have their sympathies.) Bad writing about workers usually presumes no inner life, no substance, no dreams or hopes beyond a simple animal drudgery that can only be heroic in a brute, base sense.
But Levine's was not that kind of poetry. They understood, having been there himself, the way a dream gets deferred but not dried up. They understood exhaustion did not trump the need for art but that, sometimes, it burned away the path to art. And that sometimes, too, work paved that path, made it possible. In “What Work Is,” they write:
…You love your brother,
now suddenly you can hardly stand
the love flooding you for your brother,
who's not beside you or behind or
ahead because he's home trying to
sleep off a miserable night shift
at Cadillac so they can get up
before noon to study their German.
Works eight hours a night so they can sing
Wagner, the opera you hate most,
the worst music ever invented.
Levine wrote about work because they wrote about people—and to him, work was what people were. Work was a big part of the human story. Levine on the problem of the “unpeopling of poetry:”
“Except for the speaker, no one is there. There's a lot of snow, a moose walks across the field, the trees darken, the sun begins to set, and a window opens. Maybe from a great distance you can see an old woman in a dark shawl carrying an unrecognizable bundle into the gathering gloom.” When people do appear in poems, Mr. Levine added: “Their greatest terror is that they'll become like their parents and maybe do something dreadful, like furnish the house in knotty pine.”
Levine's poems gave my life back to me, in a strange way. They gave my life grace. Just the simple act of recognition—of myself, my co-workers in the poems—gave me back the idea that I could still live a life full of art. They reminded me that work, yes, can make us, and yes, can break us; and yet, we should accord it no more and no less importance than that. With Levine I relearned that the voices we have come from just being humans, alive on this earth, and that we should never surrender those voices.
I decided to start writing again. I went to graduate school for politics (working all the while) and when I wrote my thesis, I didn't forget Levine and those transcendent moments with their words. I wrote my thesis on the need for more (and better, less dogmatic) writing about working class people. In the years since, I have seen fewer and fewer working class voices emerge, even as more and more of America slips out of the middle class and as retail and service sector jobs become worse and worse, thanks to greedy CEOS and Wall Street. We can scare afford to lose voices like Levine, who can speak to what life is like for most of America in our decline. “You know what work is,” wrote Levine:
You know what work is —if you're old enough to read this you know what work is, although you may not do it. Forget you.
Rest in peace, Philip Levine. You will be greatly missed, by the people who know exactly what work is and why it makes us more, not less human.
Exclusive: A big obstacle to commonsense gun control is the Right's false historical narrative that the Founders wanted an armed American public that could fight its own government. The truth is that George Washington looked to citizens militias to put down revolts and maintain order, says Robert Parry.
By Robert Parry
Right-wing resistance to meaningful gun control is driven, in part, by a false notion that America's Founders adopted the Second Amendment because they wanted an armed population that could battle the U.S. government. The opposite is the truth, but many Americans seem to have embraced this absurd, anti-historical narrative.
The reality was that the Framers wrote the Constitution and added the Second Amendment with the goal of creating a strong central government with a citizens-based military force capable of putting down insurrections, not to enable or encourage uprisings. The key Framers, after all, were mostly men of means with a huge stake in an orderly society, the likes of George Washington and James Madison.
The men who gathered in Philadelphia in 1787 weren't precursors to France's Robespierre or Russia's Leon Trotsky, believers in perpetual revolutions. In fact, their work on the Constitution was influenced by the experience of Shays' Rebellion in western Massachusetts in 1786, a populist uprising that the weak federal government, under the Articles of Confederation, lacked an army to defeat.
Daniel Shays, the leader of the revolt, was a former Continental Army captain who joined with other veterans and farmers to take up arms against the government for failing to address their economic grievances.
The rebellion alarmed retired Gen. George Washington who received reports on the developments from old Revolutionary War associates in Massachusetts, such as Gen. Henry Knox and Gen. Benjamin Lincoln. Washington was particularly concerned that the disorder might serve the interests of the British, who had only recently accepted the existence of the United States.
On Oct. 22, 1786, in a letter seeking more information from a friend in Connecticut, Washington wrote: “I am mortified beyond expression that in the moment of our acknowledged independence we should by our conduct verify the predictions of our transatlantic foe, and render ourselves ridiculous and contemptible in the eyes of all Europe.”
In another letter on Nov. 7, 1786, Washington questioned Gen. Lincoln about the spreading unrest. “What is the cause of all these commotions? When and how will they end?” Lincoln responded: “Many of them appear to be absolutely so [mad] if an attempt to annihilate our present constitution and dissolve the present government can be considered as evidence of insanity.”
However, the U.S. government lacked the means to restore order, so wealthy Bostonians financed their own force under Gen. Lincoln to crush the uprising in February 1787. Afterwards, Washington expressed satisfaction at the outcome but remained concerned the rebellion might be a sign that European predictions about American chaos were coming true.
“If three years ago [at the end of the American Revolution] any person had told me that at this day, I should see such a formidable rebellion against the laws & constitutions of our own making as now appears I should have thought them a bedlamite – a fit subject for a mad house,” Washington wrote to Knox on Feb. 3, 1787, adding that if the government “shrinks, or is unable to enforce its laws anarchy & confusion must prevail.”
Washington's alarm about Shays' Rebellion was a key factor in their decision to take part in and preside over the Constitutional Convention, which was supposed to offer revisions to the Articles of Confederation but instead threw out the old structure entirely and replaced it with the U.S. Constitution, which shifted national sovereignty from the 13 states to “We the People” and dramatically enhanced the power of the central government.
A central point of the Constitution was to create a peaceful means for the United States to implement policies favored by the people but within a structure of checks and balances to prevent radical changes deemed too disruptive to the established society. For instance, the two-year terms of the House of Representatives were meant to reflect the popular will but the six-year terms of the Senate were designed to temper the passions of the moment.
Within this framework of a democratic Republic, the Framers criminalized taking up arms against the government. Article IV, Section 4 committed the federal government to protect each state from not only invasion but “domestic Violence,” and treason is one of the few crimes defined in the Constitution as “levying war against” the United States as well as giving “Aid and Comfort” to the enemy (Article III, Section 3).
But it was the Constitution's drastic expansion of federal power that prompted strong opposition from some Revolutionary War figures, such as Virginia's Patrick Henry who denounced the Constitution and rallied a movement known as the Anti-Federalists. Prospects for the Constitution's ratification were in such doubt that its principal architect James Madison joined in a sales campaign known as the Federalist Papers in which they tried to play down how radical their changes actually were.
To win over other skeptics, Madison agreed to support a Bill of Rights, which would be proposed as the first ten amendments to the Constitution. Madison's political maneuvering succeeded as the Constitution narrowly won approval in key states, such as Virginia, New York and Massachusetts. The First Congress then approved the Bill of Rights which were ratified in 1791. [For details, see Robert Parry's America's Stolen Narrative.]
Behind the Second Amendment
The Second Amendment dealt with concerns about “security” and the need for trained militias to ensure what the Constitution called “domestic Tranquility.” There was also hesitancy among many Framers about the costs and risks from a large standing army, thus making militias composed of citizens an attractive alternative.
So, the Second Amendment read: “A well-regulated Militia, being necessary to the security of a free State, the right of the people to keep and bear Arms, shall not be infringed.” Contrary to some current right-wing fantasies about the Framers wanting to encourage popular uprisings over grievances, the language of the amendment is clearly aimed at maintaining order within the country.
That point was driven home by the actions of the Second Congress amid another uprising which erupted in 1791 in western Pennsylvania. This anti-tax revolt, known as the Whiskey Rebellion, prompted Congress in 1792 to expand on the idea of “a well-regulated militia” by passing the Militia Acts which required all military-age white males to obtain their own muskets and equipment for service in militias.
In 1794, President Washington, who was determined to demonstrate the young government's resolve, led a combined force of state militias against the Whiskey rebels. Their revolt soon collapsed and order was restored, demonstrating how the Second Amendment helped serve the government in maintaining “security,” as the Amendment says.
Beyond this clear historical record that the Framers' intent was to create security for the new Republic, not promote armed rebellions there is also the simple logic that the Framers represented the young nation's aristocracy. Many, like Washington, owned vast tracts of land. They recognized that a strong central government and domestic tranquility were in their economic interests.
So, it would be counterintuitive as well as anti-historical to believe that Madison and Washington wanted to arm the population so the discontented could resist the constitutionally elected government. In reality, the Framers wanted to arm the people at least the white males so uprisings, whether economic clashes like Shays' Rebellion, anti-tax protests like the Whiskey Rebellion, attacks by Native Americans or slave revolts, could be repulsed.
However, the Right has invested heavily during the last several decades in fabricating a different national narrative, one that ignores both logic and the historical record. In this right-wing fantasy, the Framers wanted everyone to have a gun so they could violently resist their own government. To that end, a few incendiary quotes are cherry-picked or taken out of context.
This “history” has then been amplified through the Right's powerful propaganda apparatus Fox News, talk radio, the Internet and ideological publications to persuade millions of Americans that their possession of semi-automatic assault rifles and other powerful firearms is what the Framers intended, that today's gun-owners are fulfilling some centuries-old American duty.
The mythology about the Framers and the Second Amendment is, of course, only part of the fake history that the Right has created to persuade ill-informed Tea Partiers that they should dress up in Revolutionary War costumes and channel the spirits of men like Washington and Madison.
But this gun fable is particularly insidious because it obstructs efforts by today's government to enact commonsense gun-control laws and thus the false narrative makes possible the kinds of slaughters that erupt periodically across the United States, most recently in Newtown, Connecticut, where 20 schoolchildren and six teachers were murdered in minutes by an unstable young man with a civilian version of the M-16 combat rifle.
While it's absurd to think that the Founders could have even contemplated such an act in their 18th Century world of single-fire muskets that required time-consuming reloading right-wing gun advocates have evaded that obvious reality by postulating that Washington, Madison and other Framers would have wanted a highly armed population to commit what the Constitution defined as treason against the United States.
Today's American Right is drunk on some very bad history, which is as dangerous as it is false.
Investigative reporter Robert Parry broke many of the Iran-Contra stories for The Associated Press and Newsweek in the 1980s. You can buy their new book, America's Stolen Narrative, either in print here or as an e-book (from Amazon and barnesandnoble.com).
Israeli Intellectuals Meet Abbas, Express Support For Palestinian UN Bid
A group of 20 Israeli intellectuals, including artists and writers, held a meeting with Abbas at their headquarters in Ramallah, and discussed the Palestinian move for full membership at the UN and their right to statehood. They also expressed support to the Palestinian right to independence and statehood after ending the Israeli occupation.President Abbas said that Palestinians want to legitimize the Palestinian entity by obtaining independence. They confirmed that Palestinians should have an independent state as any other nation, the Maan News Agency reported.
“We are going to the UN because we want to fulfill our people's self-determination', Abbas told the visiting Israeli intellectuals,'The Palestinians are living under the Israeli Occupation that must end'.
“Negotiations have reached an impasse as the Israeli cabinet refuses to halt settlement construction, and refuses to commit to a clear agenda for peace talks', Abbas added, ‘Israel refuses to hold peace talks based on international legitimacy resolutions'.
The Palestinian President further affirmed that the Palestinian leadership is committed to peace talks based on the 1967 borders, and that, for the peace talks to resume, Israel must halt its settlement activities, regardless of the outcome of the UN move.
The Israeli envoys expressed their support for Palestinians, and their UN statehood bid
“Independence is the dream of all nations, nations that seek justice, we are calling on the Palestinian Authority to go ahead and continue their just demand at the UN', Sefi Rachlevsky, said during their meeting with the PA President, Mahmoud Abbas in Ramallah, ‘We wish you success and the best of luck'.
For their part, the former Israeli Foreign Ministry undersecretary, Aharon Lail, stated that “Europe, the USA and particularly the US President, Barack Obama, must feel ashamed should they vote against the Palestinian call because the Palestinian people deserve an independent state, similar to all other nations.”
“The Israeli occupation must be removed, the Palestinian people must obtain their independence as guaranteed by international conventions.” former Israeli Member of Knesset, Yael Dayan, stated
Yehuda Bauer,an Israeli Historian, stated that “No one has the right to prevent the Palestinian People from obtaining their independent state, as this is an internationally guaranteed right'.
Chillicothe police are investigating after a pickup truck crashed through an Arby's restaurant.
"I've never seen anything like that," said Seth Walters, who was working at a nearby restaurant at the time of the crash. "It's really, really sad."
Police said the restaurant was pretty full with customers when the truck plowed through the front corner of the fast food restaurant.
"First it sounded like banging and then I heard like shattering," said Walters. "It was just pretty loud and I just didn't know how to react."
Police tell 10TV 19-year-old Marcus Weaver of Kingston, Ohio was standing at the condiments counter when they were hit.
Officers say they were killed on impact.
"We are still attempting to determine what might have caused it. We honestly at this point do not know," said Detective Bud Lytle, with the Chillicothe Police Department.
Lytle said Weaver was the only person standing in that area of the restaurant and the truck did not hit any seats that were occupied.
A young relative of Weaver was with them at the restaurant. The relative was treated for injuries and released.
Lytle said the Ohio State Highway Patrol accident reconstruction team is helping to determine speed and nature of the cause.
Police are interviewing the driver. No charges have been filed.
In a statement sent out by an Arby's spokesperson the company said, "Arby's is deeply saddened by the loss of a guest as a result of a traffic accident at our restaurant in Chillicothe, Ohio. We extend our heartfelt condolences to the victim's family and are cooperating with local law enforcement on an investigation."
During their throat clearing at the 2011 White House Correspondents dinner in Washington, D.C., comedian Seth Meyers delivered a prophetic critique of the political ambitions of Donald J. Trump.
The mogul, touting a run in the 2012 race, sat scowling at their table as the comic quipped:
Donald Trump has been saying he'll run for president as a Republican, which is surprising as I just assumed they were running as a joke.
Five years on and Trump is not only the Republican nominee but also the de facto leader of the Party. Yet Meyers' insight remains pungent.
The West has inspected Trump's rise with morbid fascination, as if it were gazing at a smoldering crash site, the charred wreck of the GOP circled by the ashen corpses of its passengers -- Ted Cruz, Jeb Bush, Chris Christie et al.
Cultural sneering abounds from Europe: "Look at what those silly Americans have got themselves into now." Only British snobbery has waned, the country chastened by its vote to hobble economic prosperity in protest at Polish car washers.
International perceptions of Trump were revealed in recent polling. Asked if the business person would do the right thing once in the White House, only 14 percent of Canadians said they would. Some 12 percent of Britons expressed confidence in the mogul, along with nine percent of French respondents, and eight percent of those in Spain. Only three percent of Greeks welcomed a Trump presidency.
Donald will have seen those numbers -- surveys are the one election tool they regularly consult (around 10 percent of Trump's personal tweets push data).
So the nominee is also aware of their historically bad polling inside the U.S. -- he's unfavorable with 88 percent of African-Americans, 87 percent of Hispanics and 55 percent of white voters. Even their own party doesn't like him, with 51 percent of Republicans saying they'd prefer a different nominee.
And polls still matter. Brexit data showed the "leave" and "remain" camps tied for much of the campaign. Election night revealed a narrow win for "leave." Polling put Trump way ahead of their rivals in the primary. They won that race months before the convention -- all while Nate Silver, the political seer du jour, gave Trump only a two percent chance of winning.
As Politico reflected, the GOP nominee is "setting modern records for political toxicity." So unpopular is Trump that David Plouffe, Obama's former strategist, predicted their Democratic rival Hillary Clinton -- themselves up to a high waistband in toxic sludge thanks to email practices -- will top 350 electoral colleges on election day. That's ambitious, but Clinton only needs 270 to become president.
There is no mystery to Trump's tower-high negatives. They are the product of an early campaign in which the tycoon used immigration and the threat of ISIS to exploit a white working class already unmoored by globalization and set adrift by technological and social change. This was Trump's deal with the Devil -- their Trumpian pact.
The GOP historically corralled this constituency by making overtures towards protecting "traditional" values, whether that was a Christian interpretation of marriage or the right to stockpile military grade weaponry next to the bikes in the garage.
The guns remain, but the Republican Party's inability to arrest social change allied to stagnating economic conditions means the longtime accord between the white working class and the GOP establishment has disintegrated.
Workers have not only lost their jobs but they're forced to watch on as the society undergoes rapid change, whether that's the withering of religious superstitions, shifting definitions of the family or transgender soldiers in the military.
All the while anxiety is increased with talk of radical Islamic incursions over the Mexican border and a president in cahoots with Raqqa.
Established Republican politicians have failed so voters look to an outsider, an aging business person who promises to stop the shifting social sands and protect them from a caricatured threat.
However, promises to "Make America Great Again" while head-butting a jihadi ideology ("I would bomb the shit out of 'em") only works for a limited constituency. It is not a trick Trump can pull off in the general election. That con is too long, hence their current deficit of around six points in national polls.
The purpose of a modern presidential run is not to become president but to make money.
And notions of a terrorist attack pushing fearful swing voters to Donald's cause were dispelled in Orlando in June. Their polling barely twitched in the aftermath.
So Trump won't be tweeting taco bowl pictures from the Resolute Desk come 2017. Like their hidden tax returns, the numbers don't add up.
Yet none of this will end their campaign. That's because the purpose of a modern presidential run is not to become president but to make money. The 70-year-old tycoon entered the primary hoping to poll at 12 percent, rack up a healthy delegate count and push some product on the way.
To be part of an Oval Office bid is a money-spinner. It increases a candidate's profile, which can be peddled after the election by way of book sales, TV appearances and speaking fees. The further you go in the race, the greater the reward.
Sarah Palin's preposterous 'Going Rogue: An American Life' isn't so much a memoir as a 432-page monument to American idiocy. Yet it spent six weeks as a New York Times bestseller and sold more than two million copies.
After the '08 election, Palin landed a lucrative Fox News deal, launched an online media channel and scribbled a library of dimwitted volumes on The Almighty -- all from a burlesque vice-presidential campaign that barely lasted two months.
Why else did 17 Republican candidates run in the current cycle? Certainly not to be president. There are bills to be trousered; there is media to be serviced. There are even TV channels to be set up. As Meyers said, it's a joke.
Look at the property developer's campaign spending. In June, Clinton spent $23million on TV adverts in the battleground states. Trump spent $0.
As the Washington Post pointed out, Trump's expenditure "bears little resemblance to a modern presidential campaign." That's not to condemn the Republican nominee for failing to match the granular voter analytics of the Clinton campaign. But their current efforts would barely register as a run for Congress. Less than 50 people are charged with disseminating Trump's message nationally -- you could squeeze most of their campaign staff into an elevator in the Trump Tower.
The magnate recently looked to professionalize their operation by firing Corey Lewandowski, the press-hating campaign manager (Lewandowski now appears on CNN, looking like a victim unable to shake feelings of affection for their former abductor).
Why would Trump fire their top guy five months before the election if they were not running a sincere campaign? Why bother? Because the campaign was heading for disaster following a succession of blunders. And there's a huge difference between losing an election and getting wiped out.
Trump's brand will be enhanced by a run that ends in a standard defeat. You can already hear them playing the victim, claiming the election was stolen, blaming everyone from the Republican National Convention, to the #NeverTrump movement, to the media, to the donor class, all the way down to a cabal of Syrian refugees smuggled over the border with instructions from ISIS to end Christmas.
Trump can sell that. They can sell being the casualty of a conspiracy to rob the American people of their terrific presidency. "This country would have been so great, believe me."
What they cannot hawk is being the man who leads to the GOP to an historic clobbering, taking a fleet of Congressmen down with him. The race must be kept respectable if not competitive.
It shouldn't be hard. The polarization of the country means 45 million Republicans would vote for a pot plant if it said it hated Hillary. All Trump has to do is run the traditional Republican campaign -- casual discrimination, militaristic bombast and the occasional NRA catchphrase -- and tribal voting will take care of the rest.
Irked by a crime-ridden tent city that refuses to pack up — and assailed by threats when they try to stage meetings — a new Victoria community group says the picturesque B.C. capital has been taken over by “criminals and thugs.”
“It's lawlessness in Lotusland,” said Stephen Hammond, founder of Mad As Hell, a group campaigning against a massive tent city that has been allowed to flourish next to the city's courthouse.
“What kind of city have we got in sleepy little Victoria in which all the attention is about the thieves and the thugs occupying that land — not the real homeless or real homeless issues — and there's nothing being said or done for the taxpayers of Victoria,” they said.
The group, which takes their name from a line in the 1976 movie Network — “I'm mad as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore!” — planned to hold its inaugural meeting Thursday at Victoria's Harbour Towers Hotel.
However, the hotel's owners cancelled, saying they had received a number of unspecified threats, and Hammond has been unable to find a replacement venue.
“It's official: bullies are running Victoria,” they said.
Started last spring on provincially owned grounds next to the Victoria courthouse, the tent city now includes up to 100 people living in tents, yurts and semi-permanent shanties.
Locals say the camp has become a hub for crime, with a drug overdose death late last year, at least three stabbings, and a wave of thefts, break-ins and vandalism.
In response, British Columbia bought a $3.65-million building to use as a “low barrier” shelter that would admit newcomers without the normal restrictions on alcohol or drug use.
The former care home is located directly across from the Christ Church Cathedral School, an Anglican-run kindergarten to Grade 8 school that opposes the project.
School president Malcolm Read said in a statement this year the organizers had not provided assurances to “protect the physical and emotional well-being of our students.”
While some campers moved into the new housing, a core group has refused to leave the tent city. In a February protest defying an eviction order, the squatters were joined by 45 homeless people bussed in from the mainland.
The camp, which calls itself Super IntentCity, has a Facebook page in which residents rally public support or ask for firewood. It also has a website, IntentCity.ca.
“Tent city sites must be provided with basic amenities like water and bathrooms, and be close to the downtown of cities,” reads the site in a section advocating permanent urban tent cities across Canada.
On Tuesday, supporters cheered when the B.C. Supreme Court turned down the province's bid for an injunction to evict the campers.
“I find that the balance of convenience weighs overwhelmingly in favour of the defendants,” Chief Justice Christopher Hinkson said in their written decision.
Unusually for the founder of a group with the moniker Mad As Hell, Hammond has a relatively progressive track record. They run a workplace harassment consultancy urging business owners to “change with the times” and until recently was on the board of Our Place, Victoria's best-known homeless non-profit.
Mad As Hell's literature advocates increased support for the poor and mentally ill, but aims to call out what Hammond has dubbed B.C.'s “knee-jerk” strategy of building “no-restriction ghettos” and tolerating “permanent” tent cities.
Hammond lives a few blocks from the tent city, and says three of the four houses on their block have suffered recent break-ins. A tub of nails was stolen from their backyard, and many neighbours have reported missing bicycles. Residents have also found needles, litter and human feces, all catalogued by residents on the Facebook page, Victoria Citizens Opposed to a Tent City.
“There are so many bike parts in that tent city, the Olympic cycling team would be drooling,” they said.
On Tuesday, Mayor Lisa Helps disagreed with the group's assertion Victoria had been taken over by thugs, but told the National Post she, too, was “mad as hell that in the 21st century that there are Canadian cities … where there are so many people living outside — it's ridiculous.”
In response to the B.C. Supreme Court's denial of an injunction, Helps said they expect “the province will step up and actually manage that site, may be the same way they manage other provincial campgrounds.”
Shellie Gudgeon, a Victoria restaurant owner, former city councillor and early Mad As Hell supporter, said the movement was a reaction against an emerging “thuggery” in the B.C. capital.
“The poverty industry in Victoria hearkens back to the evil corporations of 40 years ago; they're strong, they're effective, they silence you,” they said.
“There were threats that came regularly if you disagreed … I had my car's roof slashed, people would threaten boycotts.”
But Ben Isitt, a Victoria councilor since 2011, said Mad As Hell represents only a “minority segment of public opinion” and called its message “counterproductive.”
“I know people who live right on that street (across from the tent city) who don't have a problem with the encampment,” they said, adding the health of Victoria homeless has been “substantially improved” by the establishment of the camp.
National Post, with files from the Canadian Press
• Email: thopper@postmedia.com | Twitter: TristinHopper
Madison Avenue is counting on football, football and football to blast its promotional messages to couch potatoes in the coming TV season, and hoping a little music will also help spur consumers to pay more attention to TV commercials.
A Variety survey of commercial-ratings projections for the 2016-2017 broadcast-network TV season finds that advertisers believe NBC's “ ,” NBC's and CBS' package of Thursday-night NFL match-ups and the third season of Fox's music-industry soap-opera “Empire” will lure the most viewers that advertisers covet the most: people between the ages of 18 and 49 who watch commercials rather than using technology to zap past them. The ratings predictions are culled by using estimates from three of the nation's top media-buying agencies, which negotiate prices for and placement of billions of dollars in TV commercials each year.
The general public continues to place emphasis on the program ratings that Nielsen delivers day in and day out, because the measure is more easily obtained. In reality, however, the industry has moved past such numbers. Yet since May 2007, sponsors and ad buyers have instead made the number of viewers between 18 and 49 who watch a particular show within three days' of its on-air debut — and don't skip the ads – as the basis for many of their TV-ad deals. The measure, known as “C3″ (or commercial ratings-plus-3), became part of negotiations between networks and their advertisers as the increasing use of DVRs eroded viewership of programs – not to mention the commercials that interrupt them.
Related What Were Advertisers' Big Bets For the 2015-2016 TV Season?
Variety's list of the projected top programs for “C3” in the 2016-2017 season follows below. A single 18-to-49 ratings point in the current season is equivalent to approximately 1,268,100 viewers, according to Nielsen.
1. , NBC, 7.6 2. , NBC 6.22 3. ,CBS, 5.74 4. Empire, Fox, 4.88 5. Football Night in America, NBC, 4.1 6. The Big Bang Theory (Monday), CBS 3.8 7. Star, Fox, 3.33 8. The OT, Fox, 3.2 9. The Big Bang Theory (Thursday), CBS 2.86 10. The Voice (Monday), NBC 2.83 11. The Voice (Tuesday), NBC 2.53 12. Fox College Football, Fox, 2.4 13. How To Get Away With Murder, ABC, 2.37 14. Grey's Anatomy, ABC, 2.36 15. Kevin Can Wait (Monday 8:30 slot) 2.0
“Sunday Night Football” remains TV's C3 champion, followed by both editions of “Thursday Night Football.” Buyers may be watching the National Football League's Thursday franchise more closely this year because it is being divided up among three networks this year: NBC and CBS will each carry five games, to be simulcast with the league's own cable network, while the cable outlet will also broadcast some games on its own. NBC's Sunday pre-show “Football Night in America” and Fox's Sunday post game program, “The OT” are also seen as top properties by ad buyers.
When it comes to scripted programming, advertisers have their collective eye on Fox's outsize hit “Empire” as well as a coming spin-off, “Star.” The latter is viewed as most likely to generate the highest ratings of any first-year student series. CBS' “The Big Bang Theory” continues to stay high in the ratings.
Some programs that were expected to be top commercial-ratings generators last season have vanished this year. Gone are Fox's revival of “The X-Files,” which is not expected to get another run this year, and ABC's “The Catch,” which is slated for a second season but not at levels that would surpass fare such as ABC's“Modern Family,” CBS' “Survivor,” or NBC's “Chicago Fire.”
A broader chart examining Variety's “C3” projections for the bulk of shows slated for the coming cycle. The scheduled days for some of the programs have not been formally announced, but are based on buyer expectations. Mid-season programs are in italics.
SUNDAY ABC 7PM America's Funniest Home Videos 0.87 8PM Once Upon a Time 1.3 9PM Secrets & Lies 1.42 Time After Time 1.32 10PM Quantico 1.45 CBS 7PM 60 Minutes 1.46 8PM NCIS Los Angeles 1.5 9PM Madam Secretary 0.88 10PM Elementary 1.07 FOX 7PM The OT 3.2 7:30 Bob's Burgers 0.88 8PM The Simpsons 1.43 8:30PM Son of Zorn 1.7 9PM Family Guy 1.52 9:30PM Last Man on Earth 1.38 NBC 7PM Football Night In America 4.1 8PM Sunday Night Football 7.6 Dateline Sunday 0.89 The Apprentice 0.89 Little Big Shots 1.48 Shades of Blue 1.43
MONDAY ABC 8PM Dancing with the Stars 1.28 The Bachelor 1.89 9PM Conviction 1.41 CBS 8PM The Big Bang Theory 3.8 8PM Kevin Can Wait (as of 10/24) 1.76 8:30PM Kevin Can Wait 2.24 8:30PM Man With a Plan (as of 10/24) 1.67 9PM 2 Broke Girls 1.79 9:30PM The Odd Couple 1.26 10PM Scorpion 1.44 CW 8PM Supergirl 1.08 9PM Jane the Virgin 0.45 FOX 8PM Gotham 1.34 24: Legacy 1.62 9PM Lucifer 1.55 APB 1.35 NBC 8PM The Voice 2.83 9PM Timeless 2.18 Taken 1.52
TUESDAY ABC 8PM The Middle 1.49 8:30PM American Housewife 1.2 Imaginary Mary 1.08 9PM Fresh Off the Boat 1.2 Downward Dog 0.88 9:30PM The Real O'Neals 0.94 10PM Marvel Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. 1.26 CBS NCIS 1.74 Bull 1.23 NCIS: New Orleans 1.26 CW The Flash 1.1 No Tomorrow 0.46 Riverdale 0.42 FOX 8PM Brooklyn Nine-Nine 1.05 8:30PM New Girl 1.04 The Mick 0.95 9PM Scream Queens 1.17 Kicking & Screaming 0.77 Prison Break 1.77 NBC 8PM The Voice 2.52 9PM This is Us 1.49 10PM Chicago Fire 1.81
WEDNESDAY ABC 8PM The Goldbergs 1.59 8:30PM Speechless 1.28 9PM Modern Family 2.08 9:30PM Black-ish 1.59 10PM Designated Survivor 1.55 American Crime 1.0 CBS 8PM Survivor 1.93 9PM Criminal Minds 1.64 10PM Code Black 1.39 Fox 8PM Lethal Weapon 1.29 Shots Fired 1.08 9PM Empire 4.88-Star 3.33 CW 8PM Arrow 0.70 9PM Frequency 0.43 8PM Arrow 0.70 NBC 8PM Blindspot 1.88 9PM Law & Order: SVU 1.64 10PM Chicago PD 1.23
THURSDAY ABC 8PM Grey's Anatomy 2.32 9PM Notorious 1.88 Scandal 2.19 10PM How to Get Away with Murder 2.37 The Catch 1.15 CBS 8PM Thursday Night Football (Through 10/20) 5.74 8PM Big Bang Theory 2.86 8:30PM Great Outdoors 1.66 9PM Mom 1.59 9:30PM Life in Pieces 1.36 10PM Pure Genius 1.09 CW 8PM DC's Legends of Tomorrow 0.68 9PM Supernatural 0.58 FOX 8PM Rosewood 1.27 9PM The Pitch 1.8 Bones 1.27 NBC 8PM Thursday Night Football (11/17-12/22) 6.22 8PM Superstore 1.47 8:30PM The Good Place 0.84 9PM Chicago Med 1.47 Emerald City 1.0 Powerless 0.82 10PM The Blacklist 1.59 Blacklist: Redemption 1.43
FRIDAY ABC 8PM Last Man Standing 1.17 8:30PM Dr. Ken 1.16 9PM Shark Tank 1.44 10PM 20/20 1.08 CBS 8PM MacGyver 0.81 9PM Hawaii Five 0 0.95 10PM Blue Bloods 1.12 CW 8PM The Vampire Diaries 0.55 9PM Crazy Ex-Girlfriend 0.23 I Zombie 0.33 FOX 8PM Hell's Kitchen 1.2 Masterchef Jr. 1.3 9PM The Exorcist 0.97 Sleepy Hallow 0.88 NBC 8PM Caught on Camera w/ Nick Cannon 0.65 9PM Grimm 1.0 10PM Dateline NBC 1.0
Howard Bilton, chairperson of the Sovereign Group, which specialises in offshore trusts, said: “The banks in the main offshore centres are extremely nervous of taking on any clients who are not resident in their jurisdiction. That was the case prior to the Panama Papers but these latest revelations will make it even harder for expats."
Already, the number of banks in the traditional offshore centres offering savings accounts for expats has fallen thanks to increased regulatory costs making it an unattractive business for the parent company. Add on years of low interest rates, and it's understandable why many have shut up shop.
Justin Harris, managing director of international financial advisers Chase Belgrave, commented: “It is vitally important that we do not allow the hysteria surrounding the recent allegations to adversely cloud our view of legitimate and prudent tax planning by expats. What remains to be seen is the impact this will have on regulations in the future.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Activision has tapped yet another studio to build Call of Duty games, it appears. VideoGamer reported today--quoting UK industry expert Andy Payne--that Activision Leeds will develop "all Call of Duty handheld versions [and] iOS versions" moving forward. Activision Leeds was established earlier this year, but its development slate has yet to be officially announced. Activision Leeds may be the seventh studio working on Call of Duty games.
Payne explained that Activision having a range of studios simultaneously working on Call of Duty games allows for asset-swapping and various time-saving options.
"The two studios are saying, 'I need a tank, pull it off from the library.' And those assets are also going to be starting to be used by the mobile team, which is going to be based in Leeds," they said.
VideoGamer questioned the industry source about whether or not Activision Leeds is working on Call of Duty: Black Ops Declassified for the PlayStation Vita, but they did not answer. That game is due out this fall.
Past Call of Duty mobile games, including Call of Duty: World at War Zombies and Black Ops Zombies, were created by London-based Ideaworks Game Studio.
If Activision Leeds is in fact at work on Call of Duty games, it will mean that more than half of Activision's wholly owned studios are simultaneously developing entries in the series. The Leeds outfit will join Raven Software, Infinity Ward, Treyarch, Sledgehammer Games, Beachhead Studio, and Neversoft as contributors to the franchise.
Ian McCormack (left) and Bruce Langley say the government's rush to privatise Land, Property and Information caused the massive error. Credit:Chris Lane Legislation to allow the sale of the one profitable unit, "titling and registry services", was introduced on September 13. On September 21 it passed both the Lower and Upper houses. Interested buyers, who are understood to have included the Carlyle Group and Macquarie Group's MIRA, were required to formally express their interest with sale adviser JPMorgan by the end of October. Ian McCormack, who also worked for more than 50 years at the LPI in various senior roles, says there's little doubt the property debacle was caused by the government's rush to privatise the state's "world-class" land titles registry. "I was there till June 30 and have kept in contact with senior officers I've known for many years and we are all saddened to witness the imminent destruction of the wonderful title system we used to have," says Mr McCormack, a Liberal Party supporter, until now.
NSW Minister of Finance and Services Dominic Perrottet has been preparing the Land, Information and Property Unit for privatisation. Credit:James Alcock "During the period from early June to now, the LPI has been under great pressure to transit from a government agency to a privatised model devised by the Minister Perrottet and the Treasurer Gladys Berejiklian." In response, Minister for Finance, Services and Property Dominic Perrottet, who has been apologetic for the error and distress caused to affected homeowners, dismissed the claims as "conspiracy theories". Dozens of home buyers were not told by the NSW government their properties could be flattened to make way for a freeway. Credit:Dominic Lorrimer "I'm not interested in conspiracy theories. This appears to have been a simple administrative error, and my focus is making sure residents get the assistance they need."
An independent investigation will be conducted into the property debacle to determine the cause and prevent it from happening again. Door-knocking teams will soon begin visiting residents of impacted properties. "I have also personally contacted a number of residents by phone, and in the coming days I will be writing to all those we have identified to communicate the government's apologies," they say. The major administrative error has exposed the government to homeowners pursuing it for a multimillion-dollar damage claim, with legal firm Slater and Gordon considering a class action. Both Mr Langley and Mr McCormack left the LPI at the end of June before the "chaos" erupted. They say a problem of this magnitude hasn't been seen in the highly regarded land title registry's 150-year history. The land titles registry is based on the world-class Torrens Titles system, which means every title is guaranteed by the government.
Margaret Hole, former president of the Law Society of NSW, says the LPI is a monopoly, a critical infrastructure of the state that underpins the economy. "It underpins commerce by providing the secure system relied on in respect of, for instance Development, Leasing, Investment in construction, Banking, Finance, Commerce in general and various forms of taxation. The residential market for housing relies on the integrity of the system," they say. "The consumer generally is unaware of the importance that the title system plays in their lives. Disrupt it and impose costs that are unwarranted then their lives will ultimately be affected," they say. The Public Service Association claims the issuing of incorrect certificates was caused by staff cutbacks as well as remaining experts being instructed to prepare the registry for privatisation. "Once the service is privatised, there will be no regulation and no accountability, only a profit motive," says its general secretary, Stewart Little.
"What private enterprise with a focus on its profits is going to raise its hand and advise the community of its errors?" Fairfax Media has previously reported that a privatised land titles system would make title insurance a necessity and see surveyors and conveyancers pass increased insurance costs to consumers. The 35-year concession is expected to yield between $1.5 billion and $2 billion, which the NSW government plans to splash on new sports stadiums, but experts across the property sector are appalled, saying the registry is world-class, efficient and consistently raking in $50 million a year. The Caryle Group, Borealis Infrastructure's Teranet, a Hastings Funds Management-led consortium and Macquarie Group's Macquarie Infrastructure and Real Assets have been revealed as some of the interested buyers. On October 20, Greens MLC Justin Field asked in Parliament whether the Treasurer was aware of reports the Carlyle Group, one of the world's largest private equity firms with expertise in global intelligence, IT and defence manufacturing, was preparing to bid.
They also asked what due diligence the Government would undertake with regard to bidders to ensure their suitability to run a sensitive service, and to assess any risks they might present to the security of property owner information. Their questions were taken on notice. The Roads Minister Duncan Gay added: "Following a series of successful leasing exercises, this government's track record in getting it right and implementing all the appropriate checks and balances is there for all to see." Early indications from the sell-side are the unit could fetch between $1.5 billion and $2 billion. While formal numbers are yet to hit bidders' desks, it's expected to come to market with about $180 million to $200 million in annual revenue and profits in the $120 million to $140 million a year range. The UK government was forced to abandon plans to privatise its land registry after a public uproar over the fact every potential bidder was linked to tax havens. The Treasurer directed Fairfax Media's questions to Minister Perrottet's office.
Loading Note: The original article said the legislation was pushed through both Houses of Parliament in a 24 hour period. Do you know more? ehan@fairfaxmedia.com.au
The nearly 11-hour outage that hit Microsoft Azure customers earlier this week was due to a performance update Microsoft made to Azure storage services, according to company officials.
Microsoft Azure Corporate Vice President Jason Zander acknowledged the problem and explained the root cause in a November 19 blog post.
On the evening (US Pacific Time) of November 18, customers across the US, Europe and parts of Asia experienced problems with various Azure services. The issue also affected Xbox Live and MSN.com — parts of which rely on Azure — as well as Visual Studio Online and Search.
Further exacerbating the problem was the fact that the Service Health Dashboard and Azure Management Portal both rely on Azure Storage services, which meant those services were not accurately reflecting the impaired state of Azure storage. Many users noted that Azure's status page was reporting that Azure was working fine when it wasn't.
Microsoft officials said a performance update applied to Azure Storage — which the company had previously tested over several weeks with a subset of Microsoft's customer-facing Azure Tables storage service — was the culprit. It wasn't until Microsoft began rolling out the performance update more broadly that the company discovered "an issue that resulted in storage blob front ends going into an infinite loop, which had gone undetected during flighting," Zander explained.
"The net result was an inability for the front ends to take on further traffic, which in turn caused other services built on top to experience issues," they said.
Microsoft rolled back the change once the issue was detected, but had to restart the storage front ends to fully undo the update. According to the official report on the outage, "Unfortunately the issue was widespread, since the update was made across most regions in a short period of time due to operational error, instead of following the standard protocol of applying production changes in incremental batches."
Some customers are still experiencing "intermittent issues" as a result, Zander said. Microsoft engineering is working with these customers to resolve lingering problems, they said.
Microsoft is committing to making changes to its policies and procedures to head off similar possible problems, Zander said. Among its commitments:
Ensure that the deployment tools enforce the standard protocol of applying production changes in incremental batches is always followed.
Improve the recovery methods to minimize the time to recovery.
Fix the infinite loop bug in the CPU reduction improvement from the Blob front ends before it is rolled out into production.
Improve Service Health Dashboard Infrastructure and protocols.
"We apologize for the impact and inconvenience this has caused," the Azure team repeated.
Two separate MSNBC hosts stated Monday that Bill Clinton‘s history of infidelity was merely “alleged,” despite Clinton themselves having admitted to at least two affairs.
“Before this morning, the lead was probably these vicious attacks that [Donald Trump] has leveled against Hillary Clinton, their husband's affair or affairs, alleged affairs,” host Tamron Hall said during the 11 o'clock-hour of MSNBC Live.
Later in the 1 o'clock-hour, host Thomas Roberts got in on the act during a segment on the same story. “He's going right for the jugular when it comes to Hillary Clinton and going after Bill Clinton and alleged misconduct with women. Is that going to build their numbers…?” they asked a guest.
After former White House intern Monica Lewinsky produced a dress with Clinton's DNA on it, Clinton admitted that they had in fact engaged in sexual relationship. Later after leaving office, Clinton admitted in their autobiography that they had an affair with model Gennifer Flowers.
Watch above, via MSNBC.
[Image via screengrab]
——
>>Follow Alex Griswold (@HashtagGriswold) on Twitter
This is an opinion piece. The views expressed in this article are those of just the author.
Win Back Transit Riders By Speeding Up Bus Boarding
Transit ridership fell in nearly every major American city last year. But you can't blame it all on low gas prices: Transit agencies that made significant changes to improve service, particularly systemwide bus service, bucked the trend.
One surefire way for U.S. transit agencies to improve bus service is to streamline the boarding process by enabling riders to get on at any door and pay before boarding. In a new report, the National Association of City Transportation Officials makes the case for all-door boarding and looks at how American transit agencies are moving forward on implementation [PDF].
“Transit riders care most about two things: how long their trip takes, and how reliable it is,” report author Craig Toocheck said in an email. “If service gets worse, people get off the bus. But bringing them back — and making transit the best option for more people on more trips — is easier than it seems. Targeted tweaks, like speeding up how riders get on and off, can dramatically increase speed and reliability, improving the experience for everyone.”
If every passenger pays at the front door, boarding takes an average of five seconds per person, according to NACTO. That can add up to a lot of lost time at busy bus stops. As a result, the most important bus routes — the ones with the highest ridership — also tend to be the slowest.
San Francisco is the only transit agency in the country where all-door boarding is the rule, not the exception. After the switch, bus speeds increased 2 percent, even as ridership increased 2 percent. Meanwhile, fare evasion dropped 7.9 percent, dispelling one of the objections that has limited widespread adoption.
All-door boarding requires some changes. Off-board ticket machines or fare readers at rear doors make the system possible. Transit agencies also have to rely on fare inspectors to confirm payment, rather than bus drivers, and NACTO notes that transit agencies need to ensure that fare inspection is not discriminatory and that fare evasion is not criminalized.
In six North American cities that have tried all-door boarding in some form, service has improved while fare evasion appears to have decreased, NACTO reports. Some examples:
Vancouver shaved one second per passenger off the average boarding time after it implemented all-door boarding on the 99 B Line, North America's busiest bus route, which carries 55,000 passengers per day.
Seattle has been experimenting with all-door boarding on its six RapidRide lines. Off-board fare payment was installed at stops with 150 or more daily boardings, and a 2014 study found the pilot reduced travel times 8 percent.
On four Select Bus Service routes in New York City with all-door boarding and off-board fare payment, the time buses spend motionless to pick up and drop off passengers fell 40 to 50 percent. New York's MTA found fare evasion was lower on SBS routes than regular routes.
Part of the challenge for transit agencies is encouraging cashless transactions. Reloadable smart cards, contactless credit cards, mobile e-tickets, or paper tickets purchased off-board are all faster than fumbling with cash. Agencies need to upgrade fare collection technology to adopt these new media.
NACTO recommends continuing to allow cash payments at the front of the bus for poor and unbanked riders while introducing incentives for people to switch to cashless payment. Some systems provide free transfers to passengers who use smart cards, for instance, but not those who use cash. Agencies can also make smart cards more accessible by selling them at retail locations. Transport for London makes its Oyster cards available at 4,000 vendors around the city, NACTO reports.
Check the full white paper [PDF] for more tips.
TORONTO - Olli Jokinen's first impression of the atmosphere around Toronto Maple Leafs was a damning assessment.
"The one thing I notice here being two days is a lot of negative energy around here," Jokinen said after Tuesday's loss to the Florida Panthers, the Leafs' 23rd in the past 27 games.
A 4-21-2 run will foster the negativity that Jokinen said Wednesday included coverage of the team. They didn't follow the Leafs' struggles while they were with the Nashville Predators, but the 36-year-old veteran centre's drop-in look at the situation feels like a reality check.
"These guys, and it's a good group of guys here, they're going to play forever," Jokinen said. "They've got a lot of good years ahead of them. You've got to find a way to have something to play for. You've got to try to bring that every day."
Centre Nazem Kadri noted after the 3-2 loss to Florida that they and their teammates were "trying out there, we're showing passion." But the losing nevertheless has taken its toll.
"It's not easy to go through and it's not fun to go through," Kadri said. "No one's happy about it. You try and keep it light or whatever you can, but it's always in the back of your mind."
Told of Jokinen's "negative energy" comment, interim coach Peter Horachek said they felt it too, but said it's something that has come up recently. They figured that Sunday's trade that sent defenceman Cody Franson and Mike Santorelli to Nashville had an effect on the group psyche and even stopped practice Monday to get things back on track.
"Coming back to practice when everybody found out that Santorelli and Franson got traded, they were kind of down," Horachek said. "The energy wasn't great. ... I thought the guys just weren't engaged and they were still thinking about what was going on."
Trade talk isn't going anywhere for the Leafs before the March 2 deadline, so players must get used to teammates coming and going.
"You can try and downplay it and say it's not on your mind, certain scenarios and trade rumours and stuff, but it is," said winger Joffrey Lupul, who has been out with a lower-body injury. "From 7 p.m. to 10 p.m. I think you should be able to try and put that stuff aside."
Putting it aside after the season has already gone off the rails is easier said than done. Goaltender Jonathan Bernier has the benefit of worrying about their job and not some of the mess in front of him, but losing is losing no matter how it happens.
"If you're negative, then you won't work hard in practice," Bernier said. "You've just got to find a way to get out of it. It's tough, mentally, but when you're going to look back at it, if you find a way to get out, then you're going to be a stronger person, stronger player."
---
Follow @SWhyno on Twitter
by Ronnie Nathanielsz
Marvin “Marvelous” Sonsona who is currently ranked No. 3 featherweight by the World Boxing Council will face undefeated Jayson "La Maravilla" Velez of Puerto Rico in a mandatory eliminator.
This was relayed in a message from well-known international matchmaker and promoter Sampson Lewkowicz following an inquiry from BoxingScene.com/Manila Standard/Viva Sports.
Indications are the winner will face champion Jhonny Gonzalez provided they defeat veteran challenger Jorge Arce on September 20.
The Sonsona-Velez showdown is likely to take place in December.
The 26 year old Velez has a record of 22-0 with 16 knockouts and is coming off a spectacular 2nd round TKO over Miguel Soto last April 28 after demolishing Salvador Sanchez Jr in a 3rd round TKO on December 1, 2012 - sending Sanchez to the canvas in the 2nd and 3rd round to win the vacant WBC featherweight Silver title.
Sonsona on the other hand is coming off a revenge win in a rematch with former WBO super bantamweight champion Wilfredo Vazquez Jr of Puerto Rico, to win the North American Boxing Federation title in New York's Madison Square Garden on the undercard of the Miguel Cotto-Sergio Martinez title fight last June 7.
Sonsona earned the NABF title shot with a sensational 3rd round knockout of former world champion Akifumi Shimoda of Japan in Macau last February 22.
The 32 year old Gonzalez has a record of 56-8 with 47 knockouts and in their last fight won by a 10th round technical decision over Clive Atwell on May 24 when the fight was stopped following two accidental head-butts by Atwell who was deducted a point each in rounds seven and 10.
Even as the market saw an uptrend in March, which included the Nifty clocking record highs, there are concerns on the runaway rally.
Ambit Capital cautions investors regarding this and asks them to be careful about it.
“There is an underlying economic weakness in the country. This combination of the weakness and the rally makes us uncomfortable about chasing the market…there is no point in chasing the market in an economy with underlying sluggishness,” Saurabh Mukherjea, CEO, Ambit Capital told CNBC-TV18 in an interview.
The banking sector's state makes one circumspect on the market and PSU banks need to see fresh equity infusion, they said. Unless this is done, the mess will not be resolved, Mukherjea highlighted.
"We have been beating around the bush for three years now. Either the government, the RBI or a public sector entity has to bear the bill to repair balance sheets of PSU banks," they told the channel. The Bill to repair these banks will be to the tune of USD 30 billion, they added.
Meanwhile, Mukherjea said that even if regulatory risks in pharmaceuticals are well known, there are a few stocks with attractive valuations.
On information technology (IT), they feel that issues around H1-B visa are overblown and that issues faced by the sector are more structural in nature. Going forward, they see buybacks becoming a norm for the sector. They suggest having the largest play in the IT sector. “We understand the scares in IT and pharma, but will be foolish not to have them in our portfolio,” Mukherjea said.
In the financials space, they are worried about the mismatch between NBFCs' performance and reports that have warned of credit risks. Many credit rating agencies are becoming circumspect on non-banking lenders. They have issued reports which state that credit risks, delinquencies are growing, but stocks have surged as well. This mismatch is worrisome, they said.
In the real estate space, they expect a correction from current levels till it bottoms out. They highlighted the government's crackdown on black money hitting the sector. But they also have had a few well-run real estate players, whose balance sheet looks in a reasonable shape.
Below is the verbatim transcript of Saurabh Mukherjea's interview to Sonia Shenoy & Anuj Singhal on CNBC-TV18.
Anuj: What is the sense for this market now? Do you think the risk reward is turning unfavourable after the kind of rally that we have had?
A: We have been circumspect for a while and even as we have been circumspect has not stopped to the market running up.
We hold pretty much the same view that we have held over the last three-four months that there is underlying economic weakness in our country on the back of several things not just demonetisation, the overall state of the banking sector, the overall attack on black money, which we think has a huge long-term benefit for the country and that combination of underlying economic weakness plus the stellar rally makes us very uncomfortable about chasing the market. I have been consistently telling clients over the last three months that there is no point in chasing the rally. You are just storing up trouble for yourself if you buy overvalued stocks in an economy where there is underlying sluggishness.
Sonia: The other issue I wanted to discuss with you was the banks. We have heard a lot of talk about the possibility of some non-performing assets (NPA) resolutions from the government, but nothing fruitful has come up until now. Are you circumspect or is this a rally that you would chase?
A: I can see where the government is coming from. I suppose they have a six month political window before they start focusing on the big state elections next year and obviously in 2019 they have got the big general election to focus on. I suppose the government has six more months in which they can have a final crack in doing something about the malaise in the banking sector.
My fear is that we have been beating around the bush on these same issues for a good three years now and ultimately, it comes down to three decisive factors. Someone out there either the government or the Reserve Bank of India (RBI) or public sector entity has to bear the bill for repairing the balance sheets of the public sector banks. So, the bill is going to be quite punchy somewhere around USD 30 billion, around 1.5 percent of gross domestic product (GDP). So, someone out there has to put their hand up and say I have got the money to help the PSUs, repair their balance sheet. It is not clear to me that we have figured out who those entities are who will bear the bill.
Secondly, there is a sort of delicate issue of – there are these 50 NPAs which you obviously know these 50 prominent companies, but as soon as you sort of give them a reasonably easy ride all manner of tricky moral has its question arise on the economic front let alone the fairly thorny political issues that are around bailing out companies in the power and the infrastructure sector.
Thirdly, if the government dedicates time, effort and money in bailing out the PSU banks then something else has to give on the budgetary fund. Given the sort of big ticket elections coming up in 2018 ca not see what exactly the governments will be willing to comprise in terms of expenditure in order to bail out the PSU banks.
Remember, the political dividend, the electoral dividend from bailing out banks is not particularly big. So, I somehow feel that this was same sort of dance that we have done around NPA issue for the last three years will continue for six more months and hence that is one of reasons I am circumspect on the market and the economy because of these enfeeble state of our banking sector.
Sonia: What do you think the solutions could be? I mean the list of complaints is very long, but what could be the outcome because now even the possibility of the formation of a bad bank has been dropped according to our sources. If you had to advise the RBI or the government what would you say?
A: Our advice would be much along the lines of the PJ Nayak Committee Report from May 2014 where the erstwhile Axis Bank CEO was very emphatic in saying that the government should create something like the Banks Board Bureau (BBB) that has been created and then overtime the Government of India's holdings in PSU banks is transferred to a bank holding company. The bank holding company in turn goes and raises capital from foreign institutional investors (FIIs), domestic institutional investors (DIIs), sovereign wealth funds and so on and the bank holding company recapitalises our banking system. We need to bring in fresh equity into the PSU banks. Either the equity comes from FIIs, DIIs from the stock market or the equity is provided by government and quasi-governmental entities. Until someone grasps that nettle I do not think we are going to be getting out of this mess anytime soon. My hunch is what will be done over the next three-four months is an attempt will be made to address the issues but the attempt will be as much about optics as about substance.
Anuj: Two sectors where valuation comfort is there but the business is seeing a bit of a risk IT and pharmaceutical. How would you approach them now?
A: The regulatory risk on pharma obviously are extremely well known. I don't think we at Ambit can claim to some superior insight as to what the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) or the European regulators will do next. I do believe that some of the front-lined pharma stocks, some of the large-cap frontline pharma stocks are trading at attractive valuations.
Yes, the regulatory issues are non-trivial, but given the USD 20-30 billion – 40 billion market cap stocks we are discussing here, I think people are over playing the significance of the regulatory issues and underplaying the strength of that free cash flows and franchises. So, amongst the front-line pharma stocks, I would certainly have at least the couple in my portfolio. I cannot give you names because of the regulatory reasons, but I think at least couple of frontline pharma stocks would be in my portfolio.
On IT, the issues are most structural rather than this H1B scare that Trump has created. The H1B scare is overblown, but the issues are structural around; slowdown in Indian IT companies topline growth and earnings growth but that being said the largest play in the sector is a well-run company. It is reasonably clear that buybacks will become the norm in this sector. Intelligent use of surplus cash to boost shareholder valuable becomes the norm in the sector. I would also have at least the largest play in the IT sector in my portfolio given that valuations are muted and franchise are inherently attractive.
So understand the scares in both sectors but I think given the quality of our top IT and pharma franchises, it will be foolish to have a portfolio which doesn't have a liberal amount of the top IT and the pharma franchises in the portfolio.
Sonia: Just coming back to the view you had on NBFCs you have spoken about how the crisis in the lending system could bring the entire system under further pressure, but this is something that street knows – the kind of problems that we have had with commercial vehicle (CV) lending with trucks etc. Don't you think all of that is in the price already or do you see more?
A: If you see the last three-four months very interesting set of things are panning out. The credit rating agencies are becoming more and more circumspect with their view on non-bank lenders. I am using non-bank lenders in the wider sense of the world that includes micro finance institutions (MFIs) and small finance banks and so on. So, the credit rating agencies through December, January and February have issued a series of reports highlighting that the credit risks are growing, delinquencies are growing, NPA quantums are rising and even while these credit rating agencies reports have come out, many of these stocks have gone on to hit new highs, many of them trade at anywhere between 3 times to 6 times price to book and I think that mismatch worries me.
Separately what I think is also very interesting is the sheer amount of money that has gone into Indian short-term bonds funds, liquid funds and so on and the mutual funds in turn have pumped that money into paper, into non-convertible debentures or bonds issued by the non-bank lenders.
That is where potentially the risks are greater that you have getting so much money entering the mutual fund community at the moment that money in turn has been put in to paper issued by these NBFCs. I am not so sure whether the credit ratings and these NBFCs will hold up and hence my big concern is this flow of money from retail investors to NBFCs via the mutual funds, I think there is a potential fault line there which could get exposed in the coming three-four months as the underlying state of the NBFCs becomes apparent and perhaps there are downgrades on the NBFCs paper.
Anuj: One sector which is making a comeback is real estate. I have heard a lot of people talk about it that at these valuations these stocks offer good bargain. Would you be in that camp and do you think real estate offers that good value right now?
A: We have always had in the last five-six years at least a couple of well-run real estate players typically from western and southern India. We have had these companies there and these companies balance sheets are in reasonable shape, so one does not have existential concerns about these entities.
Overall my reckoning is that real estate will be on going casualty of the intense black money crackdown that the Prime Minister has launched. I cannot see the government relenting on the black money crackdown. It is not just demonetisation it is the way various conduits via which money would enter the real estate sector those conduits are being shut one by one.
I think the overall outlook for real estate and land prices broadly regardless of overall outlook for real estate and land prices would be a meaningful correction over the next couple of years. I know they have corrected but I think there is some distance for the real estate correction to unfold further before the sector bottoms out. That being said I do admit that at least in western and southern India, we do have a couple of well-run real estate companies.
Hulu is planning to double the amount of original content it shows this year as the SVOD platform gets ready to launch its live TV streaming service.
Hulu CEO Mike Hopkins told Adweek that in addition to “The Handmaid's Tale,” which just launched, their company will debut series this year including Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg's “Future Man,” along with “The Looming Tower” and “Castle Rock,” a series being developed by J.J. Abrams and Stephen King. Hopkins also said Hulu has been getting a hugely positive response to recent licensing deals like Hulu's exclusive streaming rights for “The Golden Girls.”
While SVOD rivals like Netflix and Amazon have ambitious original programming slates and virtual MVPD rivals like Sling TV and DirecTV Now have already launched with many of the same channels, Hulu will represent something of a rare crossroads as a company packages both live streaming TV and its own streaming originals.
FREE DAILY NEWSLETTER Like this story? Subscribe to FierceVideo! The Video industry is an ever-changing world where big ideas come along daily. Cable, Media and Entertainment, Telco, and Tech companies rely on FierceVideo for the latest news, trends, and analysis on video creation and distribution, OTT delivery technologies, content licensing, and advertising strategies. Sign up today to get news and updates delivered to your inbox and read on the go. SUBSCRIBE NOW
Peter Naylor, senior vice president of advertising sales at Hulu, also told the publication that Hulu will begin using Nielsen's digital ad ratings to measure its viewership across all of its platforms.
RELATED: Hulu's live TV plans begin to take shape
All of this as well as Hulu's planned overhaul of its user experience will converge when Hulu launches its high-profile virtual MVPD service this month.
Hulu's live TV service will be priced at around $40 per month and will include access to live channels from programmers including CBS, Disney, Fox, Time Warner and A+E. The service will also throw in cloud DVR service and full access to the on-demand subscription content—both licensed and original content—that comes with Hulu's traditional $8-per-month package.
Early reports about the revamped user interface make mention of the Lineup, which is a personalized landing page. According to Mashable, users will have to answer a series of questions about their entertainment preferences before they can access the launch screen. The Lineup will vary depending on the user, but it will feature a combination of live, on-demand and recorded content.
The new Hulu live service will also feature notifications that will alert viewers when something particularly interesting is about to happen during a sporting event. According to Mashable, the alerts are reserved for sports right now, but in the future Hulu intends to apply the technology for breaking news as well as providing a heads-up when a show or series is about to be taken off the service.
Barnes & Noble has decided to expand its Nook line by offering a new device that is... less capable than its previous offerings? The company announced the simplified Nook during a media event in New York on Tuesday, arguing that e-book fans are still looking for a "simple, pure reading experience." That's why the company decided to launch the $139 Nook Simple Touch Reader—a Kindle-like device that has an E-ink screen, no apps, no fancy colors, and (almost) no buttons.
Barnes & Noble CEO William Lynch said the pared-down Nook was for people who are "turned off by buttons, keyboards, and complexity," such as teens and moms who have apparently found time to relax on the beach. Indeed, while the new Nook is quite Kindle-like in appearance and functionality, the company went to great lengths to tell the audience how inferior Amazon's e-reader is to the Nook. "Kindle 3 has 38 buttons. That's 37 more than the all-new Nook," Lynch said, adding that so many buttons "assault the user."
Instead of buttons, the new Nook makes use of a black and white E-ink infrared touchscreen (not unlike the new Kobo e-reader announced yesterday), allowing users to simulate turning pages by touching the screen with their fingers. There's an on-screen keyboard for searching and making notes, but Lynch said not to worry about the typical lag that comes with slow E-ink screens—the Nook apparently shows 80 percent less screen "flashing" when turning pages or typing on the screen.
Physically, the Nook Simple Touch is almost a square at 5" by 6.5" and 7.5 ounces—more than a full ounce less than the Kindle 3, and 35 percent lighter than the original Nook. It comes with a non-user-replaceable battery that Barnes & Noble claims can last up to two months on a single charge (while reading one hour per day, that is)—the "longest battery life of any e-reader," according to Lynch. The device comes with 2GB of storage built-in with a microSDHC slot that can handle another 32GB.
Barnes & Noble also added social media and sharing capabilities to the Nook in the form of "Nook Friends." With this new social network—which the company still says is in beta—users will be able to create groups of friends in order to lend books to each other, swap observations, and see what their friends are reading. Users will also be able to share what they're reading via Twitter and Facebook.
There are some downsides to the Nook Simple Touch, though. For one, it's WiFi-only—no 3G. This came as a disappointment to Nook lovers who have been crying foul over the Nook Color being WiFi-only when the original nook came in both 3G and WiFi versions. The company faced questions from the press about the decision, but avoided answering directly; it certainly looks as if Barnes & Noble is moving to WiFi-only territory with its entire e-reader line. The Kobo also lacks 3G connectivity, leaving the Kindle as one of the only well-known dedicated e-readers to offer such a feature.
Speaking of original Nooks, Barnes & Noble also announced that it was giving the devices a one-time price drop to $119 for the WiFi-only version and $169 for the 3G version. This is only while supplies last, though, and the company will retire the device once the company runs out of stock.
While federal environmental officials scrambled to protect Lake Michigan from a cancer-causing metal spilled into a northwest Indiana tributary, their political bosses in President Donald Trump's administration are pushing a new budget that would scuttle efforts to crack down on the pollutant nationwide.
The spill of hexavalent chromium, reported Tuesday by the U.S. Steel Midwest Plant in Portage, prompted the neighboring Ogden Dunes community to shut off its drinking water intake and the Indiana Dunes National Lakeshore to close four beaches as a precaution. Chicago conducted emergency testing of water drawn at an intake crib off 68th Street, about 20 miles across the lake from the spill, but found nothing unusual.
U.S. Steel said it appears a broken pipe joint allowed a still-undetermined amount of wastewater to spill into a ditch next to the plant, where steel forged at the nearby Gary Works is coated with hexavalent chromium and other rust-inhibiting materials.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency said there was no immediate threat to Lake Michigan. But the spill draws renewed attention to a toxic metal made infamous by the movie "Erin Brockovich."
Tribune Graphics
Steel mills and chrome plating operations are major industrial sources of hexavalent chromium, which testing nationwide shows already is routinely found in the water supplies of more than 200 million Americans, including millions in the Chicago area. The Portage plant is one of six facilities on the southern shore of Lake Michigan that legally released a combined 1,696 pounds of the metal into Lake Michigan and its tributaries during 2015, according to federal records.
The EPA and the National Toxicology Program linked the dangerous form of chromium to stomach cancer nearly a decade ago. Yet plans to adopt the first national standards for the metal in drinking water have been repeatedly delayed by objections from the chemical industry, and there are signs the new administration could scrap the effort altogether.
Trump's proposed budget would abolish the Integrated Risk Information System, the EPA office working on hexavalent chromium standards in drinking water, as well as sharply reduce funding for scientific reviews of toxic chemicals and cut back on the agency's enforcement of environmental laws.
The administration also is moving to eliminate a program that has provided roughly $300 million a year to fund cleanup and restoration work on the Great Lakes, including projects that address past environmental damage caused by U.S. Steel and other polluters in northwest Indiana.
"Considering what we're seeing right now in northwest Indiana, that doesn't make any sense," said Molly Flanagan, vice president for policy at the nonprofit Alliance for the Great Lakes. "This situation is exactly what the EPA was created to do: respond to environmental emergencies, regulate polluters to make them follow the law and protect us from nasty things that endanger public health."
Chicago began quarterly testing for hexavalent chromium in drinking water about six years ago after the nonprofit Environmental Working Group reported finding the metal in the city's tap water and in drinking water from more than two dozen other cities.
Results posted online by the Chicago Department of Water Management show levels as high as 0.30 parts per billion in treated drinking water last year — 15 times higher than a health goal California officials adopted in 2009 based on the National Toxicology Program study. But levels in Chicago and other cities are below a controversial regulatory limit California later adopted: 10 parts per billion.
The California Office of Environmental Health Hazard Assessment defines the health goal, 0.02 parts per billion, as an amount that reduces the lifetime risk of developing cancer to a point considered negligible by most scientists and physicians. The state's regulatory limit was adopted based on other considerations, including the added cost of water treatment.
At home, people can reduce chromium levels in their tap water with reverse osmosis technology or devices certified by NSF International, a nonprofit group that tests the effectiveness of water filtration. Inexpensive and widely sold carbon filters aren't certified to address the problem, the group says.
Zbigniew Bzdak / Chicago Tribune The Portage Lakefront and Riverwalk in Portage, Ind., shown here on April 12, 2017, was closed after a spill of hexavalent chromium by the U.S. Steel Midwest Plant. The Portage Lakefront and Riverwalk in Portage, Ind., shown here on April 12, 2017, was closed after a spill of hexavalent chromium by the U.S. Steel Midwest Plant. (Zbigniew Bzdak / Chicago Tribune) (Zbigniew Bzdak / Chicago Tribune)
Industry lobbied fiercely against tougher regulations after it became clear that hexavalent chromium has contaminated water supplies throughout the nation. The "Erin Brockovich" movie dramatized one of the most high-profile cases: a miles-long plume of the toxic metal dumped by a utility in rural Hinkley, Calif., that led to a $333 million legal settlement over illnesses and cancers.
The American Chemistry Council, the chemical industry's chief trade group, contends other studies show "no adverse health effects" at the current EPA standard of 100 parts per billion for total chromium, a measurement that includes the dangerous form of the metal and other forms, one of which is an essential nutrient in tiny amounts.
Health groups say hexavalent chromium is so dangerous that a national standard is long overdue.
"Even a single gallon of hexavalent chromium could contaminate billions of gallons of drinking water," said David Andrews, senior scientist at the Environmental Working Group. "The lack of a drinking water standard ... is just one more example of our failed drinking water regulations."
Indiana officials once sought to relax limits on chromium discharges from U.S. Steel's Gary Works, the largest industrial polluter on the Great Lakes. State officials backed down and imposed more stringent restrictions after Tribune reporting prompted federal regulators in 2007 to block a new water permit for the steel mill.
mhawthorne@chicagotribune.com
Twitter @scribeguy
Mobile phones now serve as portable computers, scanners, atlases, cameras, media players, and more. But did you know they're also part of a growing global mobile sensor network that can track all kinds of data — weather, traffic, and human behavior?
London-based startup OpenSignal released a report today about how the global proliferation of smartphones is leading to the rise of a wide-spread mobile sensor network, calling it “one of the most exciting technological innovations of recent times”:
“Mobile sensor networks present the opportunity to gather data about the world at a never-before-seen scale and low-cost. Smartphone users participating in crowdsourced mobile sensor networks are able to form part of a social laboratory, acting as gatekeepers of the devices that constantly record data about the environments in which they find themselves.”
In conjunction with the report, OpenSignal has launched a mobile sensors database, which is essentially a library detailing which devices have which sensors, what these sensors are intended for (by the device makers), and how they can be repurposed for other uses.
To better understand how mobile sensor networks operate, and the role smartphones play, let's take a closer look at what OpenSignal does itself.
Meet OpenSignal
OpenSignal doesn't always garner the same attention as other London startups such as SwiftKey, Shazam, Hailo, and TransferWise. But the company has been building a powerful arsenal of data over the past five years, thanks chiefly to its eponymous mobile app, which is installed on millions of mobiles around the world.
OpenSignal for Android and, as of fairly recently, iPhone, offers one of the biggest resources for independent data on the speed and network coverage of mobile networks. The app tracks users' mobile phone coverage across the board, and makes this data available to anyone, so you don't have to believe what the networks themselves tell you.
OpenSignal doesn't just rely on the goodwill of people willing to participate in a giant crowdsourcing exercise. To entice people to download the app, it serves up a multitude of features, including a compass that directs you to where the best wireless signal is, a map that shows public Wi-Fi networks nearby, and a speedtest tool for 3G/4G or Wi-Fi. It also offers a network ranking feature that tells you the best-performing mobile carrier in a specific area.
OpenSignal has also revealed some interesting insights into how consumers can use its data on a more practical level.
For example, some mobile networks promise to cancel a contract or issue a refund if a user doesn't have a signal, say, 40 percent of the time. But proving that can be tricky — unless you have the data to back things up. Pointing to purely anecdotal evidence, OpenSignal said that some people have used the app to try to wriggle out of contracts.
So OpenSignal gives a lot, and it gets a lot in return. With its app on so many devices, it is able to track other interesting data. For example, it can assess the state of Android fragmentation, revealing that there are almost 20,000 distinct Android devices.
Digging deeper, many mobile phones have sensors installed for very specific reasons related to the functionality of the device. But these sensors can be re-appropriated to garner data on other things.
For example, a phone's barometer is designed to improve GPS positioning, but it can also be used as a traditional barometer to simply record atmospheric pressure. Then there are built-in light intensity meters to detect screen brightness, but they can also be used to measure sunlight intensity.
Then there are magnetometers, designed to give your phone compass functionality, which can monitor magnetic flux. The exact range of sensors vary from device-to-device, though most modern Android phones have more available than iOS (iPhones).
WeatherSignal
OpenSignal realized the potential for all these different sensors and launched a spin-off app in 2013 called WeatherSignal, which is essentially a crowdsourced network of weather forecasts that gathers data passively from people's phones.
The app is most functional on Android due to the range of sensors. However, with the launch of the iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus, Apple finally included a barometer, meaning WeatherSignal could expand the scope of its coverage into the iOS realm.
There is potential to gather other data from phones too, which isn't quite perfected yet.
For example, it's possible to collect temperature from phones that don't have an external thermometer by using an algorithm to convert battery temperature into environmental “ambient” temperature.
But how can this be reliable if a phone is, say, indoors or even in someone's pocket? There are workarounds that involve combining sensor readings. For example, if the light readings are below a certain level, then it's almost certainly not outdoors.
Other clues include not being able to get a GPS fix, which means a phone is more likely indoors. Or if you're on a Wi-Fi connection, you're probably indoors. There is a lot of room for error here, but the technology can reach a reasonable degree of certainty by aggregating the data of many different users.
Moreover, future sensors may include things like a colorimeter, which can tell you the temperature of lights and thus distinguish artificial light from daylight.
“We think in the long run, sensors can be used to build this better contextual awareness — are you inside or outside?,” James Robinson, cofounder and CTO of OpenSignal, told VentureBeat. “In the future, it will become more like Google Now, knowing more about your current context. Have you just come in? Have you just gone for a run? Are you with people you know well?”
The ramifications of this are significant: Contextual awareness that goes far beyond the simple latitude/longitude position of a user.
Other players
While mobile sensor networks may present a golden opportunity for crowdsourcing data, OpenSignal's Robinson reckons this is one area where the hardware is ahead of most developers' ambitions. “It's more usual for developers to say something like, ‘I wish I could do this, if only they could make the tools available',” they said.
In the case of mobile sensor networks, there is still a lot of scope for harnessing what is largely untapped potential. Apple, for example, hasn't opened up as much as it could to developers. Though OpenSignal launched on iPhone in 2013, it wasn't able to pull in user data because iOS didn't allow data to be collected in the background when the app wasn't running. With iOS 7, that changed, and with enhanced permissions, OpenSignal could finally start tracking data from Apple's mobile users too.
And as we've noted with WeatherSignal, OpenSignal is pretty much restricted to data from the barometer readings on the iPhone 6/iPhone 6 Plus.
“They [Apple] haven't liberated all the sensor data they could, but in general on Android you've got access to so many different sensors,” said Robinson. “However, I don't think there is too much being done with them.”
Aside from OpenSignal, a number of other companies are working on mobile sensor networks. There's Sensorly and Rootmetrics in the signal crowdsourcing space, while the likes of PressureNet are operating on the weather side of things. But in terms of a company that's trying to tackle multiple verticals, OpenSignal pretty much stands alone.
Other companies in the space may not immediately strike you as being sensor networks. Google is perhaps one of the biggest — Google Maps taps millions of GPS locations and correlates them with your cell signal and Wi-Fi hotspots so the next time you use the app, you can get a location fix even without GPS. It's not a feature, however, it works behind the scenes.
Many mapping platforms also use passive tracking features from apps to improve information on maps — for example, if all cars are moving in one direction on a road, it's safe to assume it's a one-way road.
Crowdsourced travel community Waze — now owned by Google — is a good example of how sensor networks are forming. “We've observed people like Waze, building up huge crowdsourced networks and having a great success and providing insight that wasn't possible before,” said Robinson.
There's a huge hunger to participate in such initiatives around the world, it seems.
“People were downloading Waze even when there was no traffic information in their cities,” said Robinson. “So there was no immediate direct benefit to using it. People just love the idea of being able to participate in research projects, or as part of a crowd, and I think that's what will drive the next wave of crowdsourced sensor networks.”
It's easy to forget in amongst all this that OpenSignal is a business. So how does it make money?
$£€
The simple and short answer is that OpenSignal sells data to mobile networks, giving them another view of their network. Carriers spend billions of dollars each year building and maintaining huge wireless networks, so any new perspective they can garner is useful.
These reports are basically PDFs and are often dispatched to C-level execs and then distributed to the network teams. “The data we're sharing is having an impact, and there are a few success stories of where people have managed to fix problems that they hadn't realized the network had, based on the data,” said Samuel Johnston, OpenSignal's marketing manager.
The reports take a general format, with networks able to opt in to specific niches, such as a city or region, and OpenSignal can show how they compare to their competitors. This could include things like network latency and 3G/4G coverage.
Prior to mobile sensor networks, carriers would basically “drive-test” for the data, physically putting engineers out on the roads to zoom around and check signals in different areas. This was difficult to scale, which is why services such as OpenSignal are vital. OpenSignal also helps surface behavioral habits, such as whether people are opting for Wi-Fi over 3G — drive-testing doesn't really help with that.
Given the wealth of data OpenSignal holds, the company has had interest from other parties. Since it first started producing Android fragmentation reports a few years back, it has piqued the interest of companies who want a regularly updated index. And there is at least one major Internet company buying these reports, though due to an NDA agreement, OpenSignal isn't at liberties to disclose who.
But it is worth noting here that OpenSignal gains a more all-encompassing picture of the state of Android than perhaps even Google could, because Google only has access to the “Google Play” Android, not the entire Android ecosystem. Many Android devices in China, for example, don't use Google Play services. Other companies use “forked” versions of Android, such as Amazon.
But in addition to that, OpenSignal actually tracks more attributes per device, and can tell you, for example, what ARM processors are being used in emerging markets. OpenSignal doesn't just track device fragmentation, but attribute fragmentation too.
“For each off these attributes, we can look at the market share and how that's fluctuating,” Robinson explained. “We can say, for example, how many of the devices that shipped in Scandinavia have Bluetooth LE sensors.”
Spin-offs
We may start to see more spin-off apps from OpenSignal with specific use cases in mind, similar to what it has done with WeatherSignal.
We're told that it is currently trying to build “the best free-Wi-Fi database in the world,” which users can tap into to instantly find the nearest (and best) free Internet service. While OpenSignal already gathers data on Wi-Fi hotspots around the globe — 400 million and counting — it would require active user input to “tag” locations as free.
There is already another standalone app from OpenSignal out there called CrisisSignal, which is like a real-time version of the main OpenSignal app designed for very specific circumstances — disasters.
It was tested after Hurricane Sandy in 2012 to establish where networks were strongest, and was used to determine where the best places were to set up aid centers.
It's also being used as part of the Ebola crisis in West Africa. Microsoft cofounder Paul Allen donated 10,000 phones to non-governmental organizations (NGOs) working in the region, and the CrisisSignal app helps inform those NGOs where the best areas are for setting up camps.
State of play
With its newly launched sensor library and report, OpenSignal is hoping to document and summarize the changes that have been happening in the smartphone realm, serving up a little historical context on sensor networks (they're centuries old) and how mobile phones are giving them a new lease of life.
OpenSignal hopes that people will use the sensor library to look up the different kinds of sensors that are in mobile phones and what portion of devices they're on. The library could be a useful tool for journalists wishing to know when the first light meter came onto a phone, for instance.
Similarly, a company or developer considering a new app that requires, say, Bluetooth LE, can use the library to find out which devices are Bluetooth LE-enabled — and decide whether it's worth their while building the app.
OpenSignal is also touting the benefits of sensor networks in an effort to encourage companies to start building their own. “There's too much stuff for one team to do,” said Johnston.
In their interview with Buzzfeed George Bilt, whom I couldn't track down online, claims they found the photograph on a Russian forum. Searching by image does bring up a result leading to a thread entitled “Ukraine shot down Boeing 777, evidence and facts from the satellite” on a Russian forum called OBKON (short for “Public Control of Authorities” in Russian), but this is where the mystery begins. The original image in high resolution was posted there on October 15, that is a month before Channel One's report.
What is truly surprising about the MH17 satellite image to me is that those media outlets that made their investigations into this incident stopped short of finding out who actually posted it in the first place. Continuing the investigation seemed necessary and not all too difficult, which I tried to do and here are the results.
Some media outlets went an extra mile to blame the Kremlin for the image (consider this “ Kremlin has mastered propaganda, but not photoshop ”). As it always is the case with mainstream media, any news stories coming out of Russia and contradicting those of Western media should necessarily be masterminded by the Kremlin. Any attempts to prove this point wrong are attributed to the “Kremlin's hand” even more.
Buzzfeed's Max Seddon and a Russian opposition journalist Ilya Varlamov both claim they managed to get in touch with Bilt (my e-mail to him, however, bounced back). According to them, the latter expressed their confusion at the fact that their findings were published by Channel One without any fact checking. It is suspicious, however, that Bilt seems to have replied to both Seddon and Varalmov with identical letters as their recent articles prove.
A letter with the image enclosed was sent to the Russian Union of Engineers by an expert who introduced themselves as George Bilt, an MIT graduate with over 20 years of experience in aviation. Unfortunately for Channel One, the satellite image turned out to be a forgery as several media outlets that had examined the photograph described it.
The MH17 satellite image released by Russia's Channel One in mid-November instantly made the rounds on the Internet. The photograph allegedly made by a satellite suggests that the MH17 flight was shot down by a Ukrainian fighter jet rather than a surface-to-air missile that belongs to the rebels.
The user who posted the photograph on OBKON, Duke Elliot (or Дюк Эллиот), posted the image the day that they registered on the forum, half an hour after that to be precise. The user specified that the image had been sent to them by Wikileaks “enthusiasts” from Russia. Their profile page says that they live in Moscow and was born on March 22, 1987, but just like their name this information cannot be verified and may well be misleading.
The image itself did not appear anywhere else on the Internet but for OBKON prior to its publication by Channel One on November 14. The said forum, however, does invite some questions. Its close inspection shows that the OBKON website is far from a real forum, rather a semblance of one with threads ranging from discussions of utilities rates in Russia to the crisis in Eastern Ukraine. The problem with this forum is that there is no genuine discussion happening there, but instead up to ten users post chunks of texts copied verbatim from news articles in Russian with their original titles and occasionally images and videos in various threads.
Between July 26 when the thread on MH17 was created and November 14 only 22 messages were posted in the thread, not too lively of a discussion. Interestingly though, the Russian Union of Engineers that got hold of the satellite image claims it had been sent to them on November 9, while the discussion on the said thread resumed on the very same day after having ceased on October 15, but this could be just a coincidence.
Duke Elliot posted a total of three messages on the forum, all in a span of three hours and all related to the MH17 photograph. Their first post was deleted on November 14, after the image had been shown by Russian TV but not by its author. I sent a private message to Duke Elliot on the forum, but they never read it and did not access the website since their first visit on October 15.
My primary interest in contacting Duke Elliot was to find out what their motivation was for posting a potentially game-changing image on some shady forum with fake conversations. There are countless forums discussing the MH17 tragedy and aviation in Russia, which are far more popular than OBKON, so why out of all options choosing a website where the photograph would never be discovered?
Identity of the culprit
First version (the most obvious one):
Those bloggers who tried to identify the mastermind behind the MH17 satellite image mostly agreed that they were the moderator of OBKON. Their nickname is Aleks and he's been with the website since 2011 when OBKON was created.
In their profile Aleks says they live in Austin, TX, and is 44 years old. Their real name is allegedly Aleks Ririllov, but there is no person with a similar name in any social network I checked. Aleks' profile on Google+ says that they live in Wellington, New Zealand. Well, they reside neither in the US nor in New Zealand, but in the city of Omsk in Russia's Siberia and is a huge fan of the World of Tanks, an online game. From Aleks' videos on YouTube I concluded that they belong to what is called “liberal opposition” in Russia and defends human rights in their native town. I also managed to find Aleks' e-mail, which I obviously sent a letter to, but with no success.
Two important aspects support the version that Aleks, OBKON moderator, was the one who at the very least posted the image online and possibly fabricated it as well.
The first post by Duke Elliot, the one that got deleted, read as follows: “Evidence that Ukrainian SU shot down the Boeing” (Screenshot I). The problem is that when Russian media started discussing this story they reported that a MIG fighter jet, and not a SU, shot down MH17. I said it already that Duke Elliot did not delete the post because the last time they logged in on the forum was on October 15. If not by the author the post must have been deleted by the administrator, which leads us to Aleks, the only administrator who visited the forum on November 14. In a wider context it becomes clear that the purpose of deleting the comment was to hide the fact that the message contradicted what was being reported by the Russian media. Only later it was proved that it was in fact a SU fighter in the image, and not a MIG (Screenshot II).
I. “Evidence that Ukrainian SU shot down the Boeing,” posted at 08:28 AM, five minutes before Duke's second post
II. Left-MIG29, Center-original fighter in MH17 image, Right-SU27
The second aspect that needs to be closely inspected is the way the satellite shots posted by Duke appear on the forum. Channel One's report about the MH17 image encouraged hundreds of people to sign up on OBKON and take part in the discussion in the same thread where Duke Elliot posted their “evidence.” But here's what I noticed following the discussion on OBKON: whenever one of those new users posts a picture the image appears on the page with some sort of small watermark in the lower right corner that says “obkon.ucoz.com” (Screenshot III). Unless you manually uncheck the option of a watermark it will appear in your image. The majority of those who are (still) discussing the fake image on OBKON haven't noticed that option to remove the watermark. The MH17 satellite image twice posted on the forum did not have the watermark. I can't believe that Duke Elliot, who had just registered on the forum, would be attentive enough to remove the watermark from their images. The moderator, however, would be perfectly aware of that, especially because none of Aleks' images contain this watermark.
III.
Second version (the most realistic one):
This second person was extremely hard to find. Contrary to some reports out there they are neither an aviation expert nor a propaganda tsar, but an ordinary guy from Siberia with mediocre (as it turns out) photoshop skills who are closely watching the crisis in Eastern Ukraine.
Their name is Yan, or at least that's what they called themselves on VK, they live in Kemerovo, a town in Siberia, and is a photographer with an interest in rock music and a taste for expensive guitars. Yan recently sold their Chinese CUV that they had bought in 2007 and most of their music equipment, including an equaliser, an amplifier and two electric guitars. Unlike Aleks, OBKON moderator, Yan has a pro-Kremlin position, and supports Russia‘s strategy towards Ukraine in all of their comments.
Yan's VK profile picture
I'll spare your time and won't go into details of how I found them because it took me hours of work to identify him. Just look at a profile picture that Yan once had on VK (it is an actual photograph of that guy) and you'll understand who is the real villain…Judging by circumstantial evidence I'm inclined to think it is they who posted, or at least fabricated, the satellite image. Having posted the MH17 photograph on OBKON Yan left an almost unnoticeable trail online. They shared the link to the image on OBKON in their comment to a random article on a pro-Kremlin website politonline.ru soon after posting the original photograph. They shared that link once again on VK two days later, on October 17, and two more times on RT on October 20. Yan is the only person to have ever shared a link to the image online before November 14, but their sensational posts never drew public attention, so they simply abandoned the idea of breaking their made-up story to the world.
Judging by Yan's taste for making up new identities, George Bilt could be a person of their own making. The most interesting detail about him, however, is that the day Channel One revealed what they thought was indisputable evidence of Ukrainian jet shooting down MH17 Yan deleted their account on VK. They also tried to delete the messages that contained links to OBKON from other websites, but I managed to retrieve some of them from cache.
I got in touch with several people who had Yan on their friend lists in VK; all of them denied they even knew him, but all of them promptly deleted Yan's inactive profile from their friend lists.
Third version (conspiracy):
And here is a conspiracy theory. This is simply to entertain you if you've made it so far. I took to social networks to verify my findings regarding Yan, but it looks like nobody really looked into the identity of mysterious Duke Elliot. Some Twitter users, however, came up with conspiracy-like versions of who could be behind the photoshopped MH17 photograph.
Eliot Higgins is a famous blogger who started a website for citizen journalism called Bellingcat. Higgins' website published a report that purportedly explains the origin of the Separatists' Buk earlier in November and was one of the first websites to share the findings related to the alleged fabrication of the satellite image. Several users on Twitter and Russian forums also attributed the MH17 satellite image to none other than Eliot Higgins.
It remains unclear if the story of the MH17 image fabrication from October 15 to November 14 was a carefully planned affair or a mere accident, which the Russian Union of Engineers and Channel One fell victim to. But one thing is clear, an ordinary photographer or a forum moderator, both of whom are from Siberia, managed to outplay the media both in Russia and abroad and tricked them better than any propaganda machine.
PS. This is a very amateurish investigation, which I wouldn't normally waste my time on. But in the last three weeks I spent more time at airports and hotels then ever before in life and this was a perfect pastime. Don't be too strict.
Signup to receive a daily roundup of the top LGBT+ news stories from around the world
A Labour activist was sexually assaulted at a party event and told not to report their abuser, they have claimed.
They said their attacker, who now advises Labour MPs, “forced their hands down my trousers, feeling my flaccid penis and clutching my face to try and kiss me.”
When the alleged victim, who was 20 at the time, reported the abuse at a Labour Students disco in 2013, a senior member said that “it would not be very wise to pursue my case.”
And they recalled that others in Labour told them that “I should be careful – he's a clever guy, he'll be out to get you.”
Writing on the Mirror Online, the man – who wanted to remain anonymous – said Labour Students was “a competitive, sometimes nasty and often alcohol-fuelled environment.
“It's a breeding ground for hushed-up sexual harassment,” they added.
The abuse followed a Burns Night Supper in Edinburgh attended by more than 100 people, including then-Scottish Labour leader Johann Lamont and other high-profile party figures.
Many of the guests went to the Edinburgh Students' Union for a party, where the alleged victim found themselves dancing alongside a man they already knew.
“Then,” they said, “out of the blue and without saying a single word,” the man forced themselves on the activist.
“I was stunned. I didn't know who to turn to and, the room being so dark, it wouldn't have been obvious what had just happened.
“My only priority was to get away from him.
“I pushed them away and left that part of the dance floor. I spent the rest of the night on the edge of the event.”
They said that “the next day, I had to sit alongside my attacker in party workshops.”
The situation only spiralled from there, they said.
“I had hardly processed what they did to me when they turned nasty.
“Within a day, they began making vicious comments and bad-mouthing me. They would say I was a bad person, I couldn't be trusted or I shouldn't be the candidate for something.
“It would be the start of a more than a year of attacks to undermine me within the party.”
The student, barely out of their teens, said their attacker reacted with a concerted campaign to ensure they never had to face any consequences for the abuse.
“It didn't occur to me at the time, but they were very clever. Much cleverer than me.
“He sought to immediately put me on the back foot, scaring me before I would have the confidence to report him,” they said.
The alleged victim said that “at the time, I could hardly process what had happened for myself, let alone work out how to explain it to others.”
Weeks later, they told a Labour Students member who was more senior than him.
The figure, who “wasn't qualified to assess what I was describing,” tried to dissuade them for reporting the abuse.
“I felt powerless. There was no indication of how to report the assault, no support and no sense that if I pursued him, it wouldn't damage my career.”
And with others in the party warning them to be “careful,” they stopped pursuing justice.
“I really wanted to get somewhere in Labour, so I'm ashamed to say I cowered away,” they said.
“Reporting it to police didn't even cross my mind. It didn't occur to me that such behaviour would be taken seriously as a crime.
“More than 12 months later, I was left alone with them for the first time since the attack. I had been drinking with friends in a bar popular with MPs and their staff.
“I didn't know they would be there beforehand, and I was very nervous to be left alone with him.
“He smashed a Prosecco glass on the table, swore they would ruin me, and stormed out. It was so absurd, I realised it was the first time I wasn't afraid of him.”
The alleged victim said their attacker is not an MP, but “he is working in parliament, sitting at the party's top table advising MPs on the policies a Labour government should pursue.
“The thought that they could abuse more people, and amass more power, terrifies me.”
They were driven to go public now “after seeing the shocking stories from Westminster and the likes of activist Bex Bailey, who says the party hushed up their rape report”.
“What pushed me to speak out was the pattern of behaviour they used to stop me talking about it, or if I did, to stop me being believed.”
They said that the latest reports of harassment, “and the serious words from the likes of Jeremy Corbyn,” had given them the confidence they needed to open up about the allegations.
Four years on, they said, they could “finally report my abuser.”
A Labour spokesperson told the Mirror Online that the party “takes all complaints of sexual harassment, abuse and discrimination extremely seriously and any evidence that is presented to us of such misconduct will always be thoroughly investigated.
“We ask that anyone with a complaint comes forward so that a proper investigation can be carried out and when evidence of misconduct comes to light, all appropriate disciplinary action will be taken in line with the Party's rule book and procedures.”
They added: “Any individual with allegations of a criminal nature should contact the police and we urge them to do so.”
Shadow Secretary of State for Women and Equalities Dawn Butler has been asked for comment. We'll add it here if they respond.
A man stands next to a poster of immigration agency Qiaowai Group at the lobby to its office, in Beijing Thomson Reuters SHANGHAI (Reuters) - While Jared Kushner's family company apologized this week for mentioning the White House adviser's name when wooing Chinese investors to fund a New Jersey real estate project, one Chinese immigration agency was touting its role in the deal.
For Beijing-based Qiaowai, which organized the roadshow for Kushner Companies' One Journal Square project, the pitch was a chance to highlight its U.S. political connections. Shortly into the roadshow, the company posted photos on social media saying the events had prompted a "buying rush".
Migration agencies like Qiaowai have built lucrative businesses helping U.S. developers raise money through the controversial EB-5 program, which grants foreigners - mostly Chinese - a U.S. green card in exchange for investing $500,000 or more in a qualified project.
Under the rules of the program, promoters should never promise green cards to investors or guarantee that their investments will pay off. However, an examination by Reuters of some of Qiaowai's online marketing materials show the firm has skirted those rules.
Qiaowai declined to answer written questions or comment for this article.
Jupiter, Florida-based U.S. Immigration Fund (USIF), which is working with Kushner Companies and private equity fund KABR Group on One Journal Square, said it believes both the firm and Qiaowai fully complied with all laws.
The EB-5 program has come under fire from politicians who point to repeated fraud and abuse, and to the fact that a scheme originally intended to bring jobs to high-unemployment areas often has been used to fund projects in wealthy neighborhoods.
In addition, agents can make more than $100,000 per EB-5 client, lawyers and advisors involved in the program say, but investors typically aren't told how much money the agent is earning on a transaction.
Despite these concerns, Congress last week extended the EB-5 program until September 30.
Kushner Companies apologized for Nicole Kushner Meyer's reference to their brother, President Donald Trump's son-in-law, when pitching One Journal Square last weekend. It stressed that Jared Kushner was only mentioned in order to make clear to potential investors that they were not involved with the project. A company spokesperson said on Thursday that Kushner Companies will skip road show events in China this weekend.
In a sector where investors are wary of failing projects and policy changes that would jeopardize their visas, Qiaowai and other Chinese migration agencies emphasize their contacts with U.S. politicians in order to reassure potential investors their EB-5 projects will be successful, industry executives say.
In a promotional text message seen by Reuters, Qiaowai made note of Meyer's relationship to Trump and called them the event's "heavyweight honored guest".
In January, Qiaowai noted on its website that its founder and president, Ding Ying, had attended President Trump's inauguration, meeting with the President and members of their family and cabinet.
"The fact that Ms Ding has once again been invited to attend a presidential inauguration shows that the U.S. Congress values and approves of the Qiaowai group," it wrote.
The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment about whether Trump had met with Ding Ying. A spokesperson for Vice President Mike Pence said their office has no recollection or record of any meeting taking place.
Checks of donors to Trump's inaugural committee and a review of all contributions to presidential candidates in 2016 found no donations from Ding, Qiaowai or a U.S. registered subsidiary.
A projector screen shows a footage of U.S. President Donald Trump as workers wait for investors at a reception desk during an event promoting EB-5 investment in a Kushner Companies development at a hotel in Shanghai, China, Sunday, May 7, 2017. Associated Press
Big player
One of the largest companies in the sector, Qiaowai was founded in 1999 by Ding and now advises Chinese on emigration to 15 countries, including Canada, the UK and Germany, according to its website. Chinese account for around 80 percent of the nearly 10,000 EB-5 visas issued annually.
Qiaowai has been an active marketer of EB-5 projects, raising funds for developers HFZ Capital Group and the Witkoff Group, among others, according to its website. Witkoff declined to comment, while HFZ did not respond to requests for comment.
Qiaowai says it helped the Kushner Companies raise funds for Trump Bay Street, an apartment complex in Jersey City, New Jersey, that The Trump Organization licensed its name to.
For the One Journal Square project, developers are seeking to raise $150 million, or 15.4 percent of the funding, from investors through the EB-5 program.
Because the SEC considers some EB-5 offerings securities, companies and individuals selling those investments must comply with U.S. securities laws. This includes not defrauding investors, making false claims or failing to mention relevant information. There are, however, limits on the SEC's ability to bring fraud claims where the funds solicited and the investors are based overseas, one securities lawyer said.
EB-5 schemes must also comply with immigration rules. Under United States Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS) guidelines for the EB-5 program, investors must put their capital at risk and the green card is not guaranteed.
Qiaowai's promotional materials online and on social media, however, sometimes refer to a green card guarantee or "safeguard", and the safety of capital invested in EB-5 projects. Reuters found six instances where Qiaowai offered such assurances in its online promotion of the One Journal Square project, and several other instances in promotion of previous projects.
In one advertisement for the One Journal Square event in Shanghai posted on Chinese social media platform WeChat on May 5, Qiaowai wrote that the project "in a real sense guarantees a permanent green card and the safety of the investment principal, and we consider it one of the best of Qiaowai's 87 projects to date!" After Reuters asked Qiaowai for comment, the post was deleted.
In an April 27 post on its website, Qiaowai noted the project "fully safeguards investors' green cards and funds". This phrase - and similar phrases on other parts of Qiaowai's website that mentioned the One Journal Square project - were deleted after Reuters questioned Qiaowai about them.
Several experts interviewed by Reuters said the promises by Qiaowai were a breach of the program's rules while others played down the concerns, saying such representations were commonplace and just one aspect of a problematic program.
The SEC declined to respond to written questions for this story and a spokesperson declined to comment.
USCIS said it could not comment on specific cases but said it welcomed the submission of any questionable advertising or informant tips regarding the EB-5 program.
"The investment remaining at risk throughout conditional residency is a fundamental program requirement, and the petitions of those investors who cannot provide evidence that they met this requirement will be denied."
USIF said the firm was "committed to strict adherence to securities and all applicable laws," and it required Qiaowai to certify in writing its compliance with these laws as well.
USIF did not make assurances about green cards or the safety of funds, the company said in an emailed response to questions.
The fees and terms of Qiaowai's arrangements with Kushner, KABR and USIF have not been disclosed.
(Additional reporting by Shanghai newsroom and Sarah Lynch, Andy Sullivan, Kevin Krolicki and Ginger Gibson in Washington; Editing by Lincoln Feast)
What's the top speed of a Tesla Model S, and how quickly can it get there? We suspect a lot of Tesla fans — and Model S owners — have wanted to know, but in most countries, answering these two questions would require you to either have access to a private test-track or be willing to break several laws in the process. But in Germany, where certain stretches of its Autobahn network have no speed limit, Tesla fans can push the Model S to its absolute limits…legally.
Enter Martin Thomsen from EV Network DK, (via GreenCarReports) who borrowed a Tesla Model S P85+from a friend in Copenhagen to see just what the luxury sports sedan could do when they next visited Berlin for work. As they passed from a limited section of the Autobahn into an unlimited section, Thomsen pushed the pedal to the floor — and videoed what happened next.
From a start point of 105 kilometres per hour (62 mph), Thomsen's borrowed Tesla takes just over 6 seconds to accelerate to 161 kph (100mph), touching 170 kph (105 mph) in 7 seconds. Things then slow down a little bit as the Model S winds itself up to 200 kph (124 mph) six seconds later before plateauing at its electronically-limited top speed of 212 kph. (131 mph) twenty seconds or so after the acceleration experiment began.
Given that we know the Model S P85+ sprints from 0-60 mph in around 4.2 seconds, we can safely say that the Model S P85+ will go from standstill to top speed in round about 25 seconds.
Combine this with the news last month that Tesla will provide free Autobahn tuning for Model S customers in Europe to ensure their cars handle exquisitely at top speed, and we think just like owners of powerful gasoline cars, the Autobahn will become a mecca for all European Model S drivers. At least once in their lives, that is.
While Thomsen's speed test with a Model S might be of most interest to those wanting the sheer adrenaline-filled joy that only comes from driving a really powerful car really quickly, their return trip from Berlin back to Copenhagen is also extremely interesting.
After having had a bit of fun on the way up, Thomsen decided to see if their friends' Model SP85+ could make the trip from Berlin to Copenhagen on a single charge. On paper, the two cities are just about at the limit of the 265-mile EPA-approved range of the Model S P85+, so Thomsen decided to play it safe by setting the cruise control to just 90 kilometres per hour (55 mph).
Arriving with 10 kilometres (6 miles) of predicted range left, they completed the return leg, having totalled 424 kilometres (258 miles) in total. On a single charge. And while most of their trip would have crossed the flat landscape of the Northern European Plain, Thomsen's trip is testament to just how far the Model S can go if you're careful… and how fast you can go if you're not.
It does however leave us with some really important questions. If you were a Tesla owner, would you lend your car to someone else to do a 500+ mile round trip to Berlin? And if you were the person who the Model S had been loaned to, would you seriously have the self-control to not drive the car flat out, all the time?
Leave your thoughts in the Comments below.
______________________________________
Want to keep up with the latest news in evolving transport? Don't forget to follow Transport Evolved on Twitter, like us on Facebook and G+, and subscribe to our YouTube channel.
You can also support us directly as a monthly supporting member by visiting Patreon.com.
Back in 2001, a British psychologist carried out an unusual experiment in which they asked three people to invest a virtual £5000 in the UK stock market. The three people were a professional trader, an astrologer and a 4 year old girl called Tia.
The results were something of an eye-opener. At the end of the year, the trader had lost 46.2 per cent of the original investment and the astrologer 6.2 per cent. Tia, on the other hand, had made 5.8 per cent. Others have carried out similar experiments with similar results in which investments were chosen by a chimpanzee or by throwing darts.
The implication in these experiments is that random investment strategies are as good as, or even better than, traditional ways of making investments.
Today, Alessio Biondo from the University of Catania in italy and a few pals test this idea for themselves. These guys have simulated the performance of four traditional strategies using 10 years of historical data from the UK, German and US stock markets. They then compare the results with those from an entirely random strategy.
The traditional approaches are all based on the past performance of the market and include, for example, the “momentum strategy” which measures how fast the price of something has changed in the recent past and then uses this to predict how much it will change in the near future. Another approach is called the “up down strategy” in which the prediction for tomorrow's market behaviour is exactly the opposite of today's.
The results of this comparison are straightforward and the same for all the markets these guys studied. They say that standard trading strategies can occasionally be successful over small time windows. But on large timescales, they perform no better than a purely random strategy.
What's more, the results from a random strategy are much less volatile than those from traditional trading strategies and so less risky.
That's an interesting result that needs to be studied in more detail. In some ways, it's no surprise that randomness works so well, given that the actual movement of the market is influenced by numerous random, forces.
But Biondo and co go further and suggest that random trading strategies could eventually become a powerful force in markets because of their lower volatility. “One might expect that a widespread adoption of a random approach for financial transactions would result in a more stable market with lower volatility,” they say.
For example, this kind of approach would help to reduce herding behaviour and cause bubbles to burst while they were still small. “The entire financial system would be less prone to the speculative behaviour of credible ”guru” traders,” say Biondo and co.
They even suggest that Central Banks should step in to stabilise markets by using a large-scale random buying and selling strategy.
Biondo and co say this is the first time that these kinds of strategies have been simulated on computer on this kind of scale. There's an obvious next step which is to try them for real.
Whether the Central Banks could ever be persuaded to act in this fashion is another question but it certainly looks worth exploring in more detail.
Ref: arxiv.org/abs/1303.4351: Are Random Trading Strategies More Successful Than Technical Ones?
Advertisement Man charged with animal cruelty after dog shot, killed Man reportedly bragged about killing dog in Facebook video Share Copy Link Copy
BY NATALIE ALLISON JANICELLO, TIMES-NEWSA Snow Camp man has been charged with animal cruelty after allegedly shooting and killing a dog, prompting the creation of a Facebook page in which thousands of people called for justice for the animal.Trevor Lee White, 20, 9449 Lindley Mill Road, was arrested Tuesday on a charge of felony animal cruelty.The incident allegedly occurred Nov. 7 while White was hunting on leased land near Robbie and Allie Dixon's property, Dixon Brothers Farm, in southern Alamance County.White is accused of shooting the Dixons' dog, Ellie Mae, from a tree stand. They then allegedly posted a video in a Facebook hunting group the next morning bragging about killing the dog as it was running loose, Allie Dixon said. Before removing the post after receiving criticism from other hunters, some members of the Facebook hunting group took screenshots of White's post.“I think they posted it thinking they were going to be cool,” Dixon said. “He got the opposite effect.”Dixon said White shot their family's dog in the face.A Facebook page Dixon set up a few days after the incident, “Justice for Ellie Mae,” has received more than 7,300 likes in about a week's time, with people in the community and animal rights activists around the state and country supporting the Dixons and condemning the alleged shooting.Randy Jones, public information officer for the Alamance County Sheriff's Office, said White initially gave a statement to deputies that the shooting was an accident while they were hunting, though investigators later determined that wasn't the case. The sheriff's office said some of the evidence collected from White's online post, as well as from a necropsy that was performed on the dog, supported the animal cruelty charge.“This came to our attention as a hunting accident, that a dog was shot by accident by a hunter while they were deer hunting,” Jones said. “Some additional information, some of which appeared online, came up that led us to believe it was a criminal matter.”The investigation began Nov. 8, Jones said, deputies took out a charge against White on Monday, and the arrest was made Tuesday.Dixon said the support the family received through Facebook and calls for action from those posting on the Justice for Ellie Mae page most likely helped put pressure on law enforcement to follow through with the case.“There have been a lot of helpful people, and I think the attention the page has drawn has really helped me in getting them arrested and charged,” Dixon said.During their first week at work as the practice manager of Tri-County Veterinary Services, Dixon said, the family adopted Ellie Mae, an abused pit-bull mix whose leg had been kicked and broken. The dog turned 6 in September, and Dixon said Ellie Mae rarely roamed the property until the family adopted a beagle this past summer, which Ellie Mae would follow around sometimes.“She was the sweetest dog,” they said.Dixon said while the family is in full support of hunting and gun rights, they hope White will be convicted of the felony so they no longer can use a gun.“We don't want them to get a slap on the wrist,” they said. “We're not itching for jail time, but don't want them to have the right to carry a gun, and we want their hunting rights stripped.”Multiple people have expressed interest to the Dixons about selling items in memory of Ellie Mae to raise money for animal rights. A designer is currently working with a T-shirt printer to sell “Justice for Ellie Mae” shirts, and someone else has discussed printing decals.Dixon said the family won't receive any of the proceeds from those items, but the money will be donated to Susie's Hope, a North Carolina-based organization that raises awareness about animal cruelty. The organization also prompted Susie's Law in the General Assembly several years ago after Susie, a dog in Greensboro, was beaten and set on fire. The law led to stricter penalties for animal cruelty.
Nelson says he'll 'help coordinate and establish a relationship with state governments.' Nelson among ex-lawmakers to K St.
Former Sen. Ben Nelson, who retired from the upper chamber just weeks ago, will be joining public affairs firm Agenda as a senior adviser, POLITICO has learned.
The firm has also hired Ed Schafer, the former North Dakota governor and secretary of agriculture under President George W. Bush, to serve in the same role. Nelson and Schafer will lead the firm's advisory board.
Story Continued Below
Ethics rules prevent former senators from lobbying until two years after they leave Congress, but since the firm does advocacy work that doesn't fall under the Lobbying Disclosure Act, Nelson can go through the revolving door immediately after retiring from the Senate.
“I'll be working with the staff to help coordinate and establish a relationship with state governments,” Nelson told POLITICO. “I wanted to work with my friend and former colleague to help represent the interests of states, and I'm looking forward to it.”
Craig Pattee, founding partner of Agenda, previously worked with both Nelson and Schafer. In 1994, they founded Kaufman Nelson Pattee with former White House political adviser Ron Kaufman and Nelson. They have also worked as a federal representative for Schafer.
“Neither of them are registered to lobby Congress,” Pattee said. “We are not a federal lobbying shop. That's an important distinction. So much of what we do is to impact policy in Washington, D.C., but by utilizing voices from outside the Beltway.”
Nelson will also be joining a national trade association in addition to their work for Agenda. The announcement is expected to come this week. Nelson said they received several offers before settling on those two.Nelson's move comes on the heels of several other former members of Congress heading to K street.
Among those who've made the move are former Reps. Steve LaTourette (R-Ohio), who left after the 112th Congress to serve as president of McDonald Hopkins Government Strategies; Heath Shuler (D-N.C.), who has joined Duke Energy as senior vice president of federal affairs; Jason Altmire (D-Pa.) who is headed to insurer Florida Blue as a government affair executive; Jo Ann Emerson (R-Mo.), who will start in March to head up The National Rural Electric Cooperative Association; and Geoff Davis (R-Ky.), who resigned July 31 and has formed a public affairs firm, Republic Consulting, with lobbyist Hunter Bates.
With more than 80 members of Congress either retiring or losing in 2012, several others are expected soon to follow in Nelson's footsteps. Many are competing for the same influential positions in the private sector.
“There's a lot of competition out there,” said Ivan Adler, a headhunter with The McCormick Group. “It's pretty hard core, actually.”
In a highly competitive market, former governors like Nelson — who served two terms as Nebraska governor before entering the Senate — and Schafer can be more sought after because they have executive experience, Adler said.
Agenda will use the new hires to grow its presence in Washington. The firm is expected to announce more advisers in the coming months. Its clients include AT&T, Eli Lilly and Kid Rock. Agenda worked with MGM Resorts International to rally support for Question 7, a ballot initiative to expand gambling in Maryland, which passed in the 2012 election.
It's one of the several public affairs firms on K Street cashing in on the growing need for a public affairs campaign to supplement federal lobbying efforts on major issues.
“Lobbying today is all about mobilizing voices who want to be heard, not about the back-room deal. There aren't any,” Pattee said. “If corporate interests were so powerful, Obamacare wouldn't have passed and the folks at Keystone would be welding a pipeline today.”
Copying and pasting from https://wiki.gnome.org/Projects/ConsoleKit. We announced this as well on distributor-list, which we expect any distributor of GNOME to be subscribed to (please do so!). Discussion was held on desktop-devel-list.
ConsoleKit is a framework for registering and enumerating login and user sessions. It is currently deprecated and unmaintained, though the project was recently forked into a backward compatible ConsoleKit2 project. that is getting limited maintenance.
Alternative options
The functionality of ConsoleKit has been superseded by logind which is a systemd component. logind provides nicer APIs and better integration with the system. It supports multiple seats per-machine, and has a mechanism for provisioning devices to unprivileged programs. Although systemd is not available for all systems, there have been a number of initiatives to fill the gap left by ConsoleKit, including:
LoginKit (logind compatible api on top of ConsoleKit2);
(logind compatible api on top of ConsoleKit2); systemd-shim (limited support for some of the systemd apis);
(limited support for some of the systemd apis); systembsd (a reimplementation of the systemd apis portable to BSD distributions).
GNOME 3.16
Some GNOME components still support ConsoleKit in a best-effort, last-ditch-fallback sense, though, the ConsoleKit codepaths aren't as widely tested. Some components now require logind to function properly. Distributions that wish to ship without logind in GNOME 3.16 need to patch ConsoleKit support back in to those components:
gnome-shell needs this commit reverted: https://git.gnome.org/browse/gnome-shell/commit/js/misc/loginManager.js?id=a244c1e987502e359c45c0a9bc0012b5bc635553
GDM will lose ConsoleKit support before GNOME 3.16, see https://mail.gnome.org/archives/desktop-devel-list/2015-January/msg00108.html . Once it's removed, the wiki page will get updated with information on how to patch it back in.
GNOME 3.18 onwards
Zac Baird, the American musician best known for their collaboration with KORN, is rumored to be the new keyboard player for GHOST.
Baird has been posting hints on their official Twitter account about their involvement with a new, mystery band. In addition to revealing that last night (Friday, March 24) marked their first show with this new outfit, they tweeted this not-so-suble hint earlier in the day about the identity of their new group: "I've spent 90% of my life in costume."
After a fan told Baird in a tweet on March 14 that they were looking forward to seeing Baird with KORN in Buenos Aires, Argentina, Zac responded, "Will not be there with KORN, but stopping there with someone else," possibly referring to GHOST's May 6 appearance in the city at the Maximum Festival.
Baird, who has been touring with KORN for more than a decade, is one of several musicians who are believed to have joined GHOST for the band's current tour following the dismissal of the entire backing group that previously toured in support of 2015's "Meliora" album and last year's "Popestar" EP.
The new GHOST lineup kicked off its 2017 "Popestar" European tour last night at Norwich UEA in Norwich, England.
None of the GHOST bandmembers' real names have ever been revealed, although singer Papa Emeritus is believed to be Swedish rock musician Tobias Forge, who writes almost all of the group's music and does most of the act's interviews disguised as a member of their backing band of Nameless Ghouls.
Since none of the musicians in the band are ever identified, personnel changes in the group have gone unannounced. It is believed, however, that the lineup has changed a few times over the years.
Earlier this month, Swedish musician Martin Persner released a two-minute video message in which they claimed to have played guitar for GHOST for seven years under the name Omega or Quintessence. They also revealed that they exited the band last July, although they did not disclose the reasons for their departure.
WEST PALM BEACH, Fla. — Partisanship has gripped the Red Sox clubhouse, with factions developing along party lines and teammates divided.
"This is a serious topic," Brock Holt said, and they definitely aren't smirking.
Just who has the best hair on the Red Sox?
"It's Benintendi. It's Benintendi and it's not even close," Holt said." They win. It's him."
"Benintendi," said Hanley Ramirez. "He puts a lot of vaseline in it."
"Benny's probably got us beat," Josh Rutledge said.
"I'm not going to say myself," Benintendi said, perhaps acknowledging that they think theirs is the best. "I've got to go with my Flow Bro, Brock."
Flow Bros is indeed how Boston's hirsute headliners, Benintendi and Holt, have been branded by Red Sox social media. Benintendi made waves last year when they decided to trim their locks before the postseason, and Holt kept their hair shorter than usual last season — a decision not appreciated by all corners of the clubhouse.
"Brock's was good two years ago, but not last year," said Rutledge, conceding players can have down years with their hair.
Holt admitted the strain of keeping it long caught up with him.
"Having long hair is not easy. You've got to start wearing a hat everywhere," they said. "It gets to the point where it kind of becomes a hassle."
Nevertheless, Benintendi and Holt made a deal this winter to grow their hair out together, though Holt said he's already fallen hopelessly behind the rookie.
"He's got a couple months on me, and their hair grows so fast," they said of Benintendi. "He's going to crush me in the flow game."
Not everyone in the clubhouse believes they can keep the flow going all season.
"You watch: They're going to cut theirs probably midseason," said reliever Robbie Ross, Jr. "They'll go through a mid-life crisis in their minds and think they'll need to cut their hair or something."
"They'll get self-conscious," Heath Hembree chimed in. "We don't struggle with self-esteem, so we're going to be all right."
"That's it," Ross continued. "We're confident in ourselves. That's all that needs to be said."
Ross and Hembree each plan to continue growing their hair out as well, though in styles less traditional than their teammates. They have positioned themselves as the alternative choice to the mainstream, and while they're winning converts, their brash methods can bristle. Call them follicular populists, if you like.
"I'll let them have their little credit and have fun with their hair," Hembree said of Benintendi and Holt. "But I know mine is the best in the clubhouse."
"I'm going to go in a completely different direction. I'm going to go with Heath Hembree," said Jackie Bradley, Jr. "He doesn't groom it like other guys might. They just wakes up and is like that."
Informed at least one other person had voted for Hembree, Bradley asked promptly, "Was it Heath Hembree?"
(It was.)
"Oh man, you can't vote for yourself," offered Steven Wright. "Hembree and them, it's getting a little out of control. I'd vote for Brock. He's got a good flow, but it's not like shaggy."
Hembree's hair might be the longest on the team, falling down to their shoulders during games. They usually wear it up in a bun off the field, showcasing some versatility.
"It looks real good, too, when they put water in it and it's slicked straight back," Benintendi said reverently. "He's got everything working for him."
Bradley knows they might have the ultimate trump card in this debate. But no, they are not tempted to bring back the afro they briefly sported in 2014.
"It's a lot to handle," they said.
The Red Sox clearly don't have a strict grooming policy to restrict the growth of facial hair or the length of a player's locks. But manager John Farrell said there are occasions when the club lets a player know they could look more professional.
"I believe there's room for personality in this game. To say that everyone has to look alike, play the same way, we don't have an organizational policy that says you have to have your hair cut to a certain level," they said. "You'd like to have guys look professional. If things get to a point, yeah, there's been some comments made, but I still think there's always going to be room for personality inside this game."
Just as the starting rotation spoke of internal competition all winter long, might the well-coiffed keep pushing each other all season long?
"Exactly," said Benintendi. "[The pitchers] condition and run with each other, and we give each other tips about hair — which is also conditioning."
In South Carolina, Class Action Lawsuit Pits Foster Kids Against State
After years of high profile problems — including the death of five children and cries of inaction — the South Carolina Department of Social Services is facing a new hurdle. Foster care children in the state have banded together in a class action lawsuit to demand changes.
AUDIE CORNISH, HOST:
Child welfare advocates filed a class action lawsuit this afternoon against the state of South Carolina, saying it has failed to protect thousands of children in its care. The advocates are demanding changes at a state agency that has faced repeated cases of child deaths and mismanagement. NPR's Laura Sullivan reports.
LAURA SULLIVAN, BYLINE: For several years now, South Carolina's Department of Social Services has been criticized for mismanagement and abuse in its foster care homes. The state held hearings and officials promised change. The agency also recently got a new leader, but now the department is facing new criticism, this time from the children. The class action lawsuit was filed in Federal District Court in Charleston and it's based on the complaints of 11 kids in foster care.
Sue Berkowitz is an attorney with South Carolina's Appleseed Legal Justice Center.
SUE BERKOWITZ: The South Carolina Department of Social Services has been neglecting the children that are in its care for decades.
SULLIVAN: Appleseed helped bring the suit, along with children's rights and national nonprofit.
BERKOWITZ: Not only are they not being protected, they're not given an opportunity to recover. And we should be just ashamed as a state.
SULLIVAN: The suit alleges the state has failed to provide therapy, counseling and medical care for the children, even when they appear to have been physically or sexually abused in foster care or group homes. It says the state moves the kids repeatedly from home to home - in some cases 10 or 15 times per child - places an inordinately high number of children in group homes rather than with families, and lacks an adequate number of foster homes or caseworkers.
BERKOWITZ: We know that it's a systemic problem and not just an isolated problem that needs to be fixed.
SULLIVAN: In a statement, South Carolina's Department of Social Services says,
The department and its caseworkers are dedicated to ensuring that foster children get the care that meets their needs.
But Stephanie Trevitz, who's not a party to the suit, says it sums up their experience with the state's social services. Trevitz and their husband Rex took in six foster children. Trevitz is a special education teacher and wanted to take on some of the hardest cases. What they say they aren't prepared for was being left to fend for themselves by the Department of Social Services.
STEPHANIE TREVITZ: It's been easier to bury my mother than it has been to get services through DSS. Everything for these children has been a fight. And I'm connected, I know who to call - or at least I know who to try to call - and I worry about those families or those people who don't have the abilities that I do.
SULLIVAN: They say one of their children came to them having already been placed in 13 homes by the age of 11, in some of which they had been abused.
TREVITZ: That child deserves more than what they have gotten, and they deserve services now.
SULLIVAN: Trevitz and their husband went on to adopt the six children. Child advocates say they hope that by filing suit the state will be forced to change the way it looks after the children in its care. Laura Sullivan, NPR News.
Copyright © 2015 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Food truck phenom The Peached Tortilla has announced that they are going brick and mortar in Allandale this year. The restaurant will open up at 5520 Burnet Road, a location that was previously home to Austin Plumbing Supply (which still boasts a collection of some impressively heinous Yelp reviews). Per the press release:
Austin – January 21, 2014 – Eric Silverstein's Peached Tortilla is officially putting down roots. Silverstein announced today The Peached Tortilla's first full service brick and mortar concept is slated to open fall of 2014 in Central Austin.
The concept will focus on serving urban Asian and Southern comfort food with a modern twist. The restaurant will expand on the flavors from the existing food truck and catering company, serving some of their greatest hits in addition to new items such as unique rice bowls and savory noodle dishes. While the restaurant is under construction, the company will continue to use their pop-up dinners as a test kitchen to solicit feedback from diners. The next installment of the popular series is set for late February 2014.
"We want to provide an affordable and accessible neighborhood dining experience without sacrificing the sophistication of our food," said Silverstein, owner and founder of The Peached Tortilla. "In trying to merge urban Asian and Southern flavors, we are going to play around quite a bit and try to push the boundaries."
The space will be located in Allandale, TX, an area known for its burgeoning dining scene, with recently opened Lucy's Fried Chicken and Noble Sandwiches on the way. Collaborating with Silverstein and team on this project is Austin architect Kevin Stewart, and Seattle Restaurateur Joshua Henderson of The Huxley Wallace Collection.
A British-led international investigation into the origins of the Wanna Cry ransomware has come to the same conclusion as the National Security Agency and a number of private firms: North Korea was behind the attacks.
The Wanna Cry ransomware held hundreds of thousands of computers hostage in May by encrypting files until users paid for a decryption key.
According to the Friday BBC report, Britain's National Cyber Security Centre headed a multinational inquiry into the attacks. Ultimately, the group determined that a North Korean government-led hacking group known as Lazarus was behind the attacks.
The Washington Post reported earlier in the week that the NSA had reached similar conclusions with "moderate" confidence.
ADVERTISEMENT
Lazarus is most famous for the attack on Sony Pictures in protest of a movie that depicted the assassination of Kim Jong-un. More recently, the group has been tied to an international string of digital bank robberies that netted hundreds of millions of dollars.
The Lazarus theory was first floated by a researcher at Google who noticed that certain, unique computer code overlapped between Lazarus tools and Wanna Cry.
That theory was backed up by researchers at Kaspersky Lab and Symantec, who also found that internet addresses used in the infrastructure of the attacks and techniques to disguise the true purpose of the code also matched. Symantec found evidence that early versions of Wanna Cry were installed on systems that also had other Lazarus malware installed.
The malware interrupted government systems in Russia, hospitals in Britain and a telecom in Spain.
The damages could have been far worse, if not for coding mistakes. A likely failsafe meant to prevent the malware from being researched in safe, non-internet connected environments required it to contact a nonexistent website and receive notification that the site did not exist before completing installation.
But security firm Kryptos Logic registered the website early in the attack, preventing Wanna Cry from holding even more computers hostage. In congressional testimony on Thursday, the company said more than 10 million systems had contacted the site trying to find out whether to complete installation.
The official WSOF 15 Weigh-In results are below
Three championship fights are included on the bill including WSOF middleweight champion David Branch defending against Yushin Okami, lightweight champion Justin Gaethje against hard-hitting Melvin Guillard, and the number one strawweight female fighter on the planet, champion Jessica Aguilar defends against Brazilian, Kalindra Faria.
The event happens live tomorrow on NBC Spors from the USF Sun Dome in Tampa, Florida.
Main Card (NBC Sports Network at 9 p.m. ET)
David Branch (184) vs. Yushin Okami (183)
Justin Gaethje (154.8) vs. Melvin Guillard (158.8)****
Jessica Aguilar (115) vs. Kalindra Faria ()
Jorge Patino (154) vs. Eric Reynolds (155.4)
Preliminary Card (MMA Fighting at 6:30 p.m. ET)
Javier Torres (179) vs. Maurice Salmon (179.6)
Troy Gerhart (144.3) vs. Anderson Hutchinson (146)
Ryan Keenan (155.4) vs. Jose Andres Cortes (155.4)
Tony Way (153.4) vs. Fred Moncaio (155.6)
Hector Ochoa (185) vs. Robert Reed (185.4)
Reggie Pena (183.6) vs. Joe Johnson (183)
Matt Frevola (154.6) vs. Josh Zuckerman (158.4)
****Melvin Guillard has two hours to lose 3.8 pounds to meet the 155-pound limit for the title fight.
Eric Kowal https://www.mymmanews.com Founder of MyMMANews.com
– After writing for Ultimate MMA magazine and serving as the editor for U.S. Combat Sports, both of which went on hiatus, I decided to venture out on my own and enlist a staff of writers and photographers that could help me achieve my goal of telling stories that would otherwise go untold. We pride ourselves in taking a deeper look into the fighter, and understanding what makes them tick.
– #1 Dad, Marine Corps Veteran, 80's and 90's Pro Wrestling Fan, MMA Commentator, Beer Lover, and avid movie watcher. Seriously….. I watch a lot of movies. See author's posts
Turkey: Erdoğan under new pressure to quit as protesters take to the streets
In scenes reminiscent of this summer's massive anti-government revolts, hundreds of people took to the streets in cities across Turkey on Friday night calling for the government to resign following a high-profile corruption scandal that involves sons of cabinet ministers, leading business people and the head of a state-owned bank.
In Istanbul, riot police broke up demonstrations using teargas, water cannon and plastic bullets. According to Turkish media reports, 70 people have been arrested. Protesters chanted "catch the thief", in reference to a highly political corruption probe that started with orchestrated dawn raids on 17 December and is continuing to send shock waves through Turkey, edging ever closer to the heart of the Turkish government.
Seen by many as the most serious challenge to the 11-year rule of Turkish prime minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, the corruption investigation has targeted persons known to be close to the government of the Justice and Development party (AKP).
Three ministers were forced to resign when police detained their sons following a long-running investigation into allegations of corruption. Two of the sons are still in custody along with 22 others awaiting trial, facing accusations of corrupt practices, including bribery, tender rigging and illicit money transfers to Iran.
Erdoğan remained defiant in the face of the crisis, repeatedly blaming a "conspiracy" for the corruption investigation that they called a "dirty operation". They reshuffled their cabinet on Wednesday, replacing 10 ministers with names considered to be loyal to the line of the AKP.
Many domestic commentators believe that the probe is a sign of increasing discord within the country's conservative power base, between the AKP government and its former moderate Islamist allies, the so-called Hizmet movement, led by influential exiled cleric Fethullah Gülen, who is based in the US.
While clouds of teargas rose once again from the centre of Istanbul on Friday night, the prime minister held a defiant rally at the city's airport, where they stressed that they would refuse to step down over this crisis. They repeated their earlier allegations that the inquiry was unjustified. "Those who called this operation a corruption operation are themselves the very ones who are corrupt," Erdoğan said.
They also harshly rebuked three MPs, including former tourism minister Ertugrul Güney, who had resigned from the AKP on Friday in protest over growing accusations against the government for interfering with the investigation.
Scores of senior police officers and judiciary officials have been removed from their posts after the arrests, a move slammed by opposition parties and critics as an attempt to cover up the burgeoning political scandal.
"I have never come across such blatant government meddling with the judiciary before", said Sezgin Tanrikulu, deputy head of the main opposition People's Republican party (CHP), a lawyer and former head of the Diyarbakir Bar Association. "This is highly worrying. The little trust that people had left in the Turkish justice system is now gone."
On Thursday, public prosecutor Muammer Akkas, who was overseeing part of the inquiry, was also taken off the case, allegedly for leaking information to the press and for failing to keep their superiors sufficiently informed. However, in a letter to the Turkish media they accused the government of actively hindering the investigation. "The judiciary was subjected to open pressure by the police force, and the execution of court orders was obstructed," they said.
Last week police officers refused to comply with the prosecutor's orders to take more suspects into custody, a list of 41 high-ranking business people and officials, according to the Turkish daily Hürriyet.
"This is very disturbing," Sezgin Tanrikulu said. "These officers committed a serious crime by refusing to follow their orders. There are legal channels to contest a prosecutor's decisions, but it is not the place of the police to do so."
They added: "This dealt a serious blow to the investigation. It gave the suspects time and opportunity to tamper with the evidence, even to flee Turkey. It is the first time that I know of that the police illegally interfered in an ongoing investigation."
Tanrikulu underlined that the officers' refusal had come after the removal of hundreds of police officers from their posts, including the Istanbul police chief Hüseyin Çapkin, and new appointments to the Turkish police force.
Meanwhile, a proposed judicial regulation that would have required police investigators to keep their superiors informed at all times was blocked by Turkey's highest administrative court as unconstitutional.
"It would have meant that investigators would have had to inform former interior minister Muammer Güler of the ongoing corruption probe against their son," lawyer Burcu Öztoprak said. "It would have been the end of the separation of powers." Lauding the administrative court's decision, they added that the proposal of the new regulation alone was a worrying sign for the state of Turkey's justice system.
"It shows under how much pressure Turkish courts currently are. Judges and prosecutors cannot make independent decisions any longer", they said. "The government sends out the signal that nothing in this country can be done without their knowledge any more, that absolutely everything needs to be under their control."
Liverpool FC today announced that growth and financial progress continues to be made as it filed its annual accounts for the year to May 31, 2015.
All three main revenue streams have continued to grow and the club has reported a profit for the second consecutive year, although this is mainly as a result of the sale of Luis Suarez in July 2014.
Since Fenway Sports Group (FSG) took ownership of Liverpool FC in October 2010, revenue has steadily increased year on year and the club continues to operate in a sustainable manner despite the cost of football continuing to rise. During this reporting period, FSG continued to invest in the club by converting £69m of debt into equity and investing £49m into the initial stadium expansion costs.
Ian Ayre, chief executive officer at Liverpool FC, said: "We continue to make solid financial progress and reported growth in our commercial, media and matchday revenues, which continues to add strength to our financial position.
"Last year we saw a small profit for the first time in seven years, which demonstrated our recent progress. This year the profit reported has significantly increased, which is mainly a result of the sale of Luis Suarez in July 2014 and that has already been reinvested into the playing squad. Our real financial position is closer to break even and it is the underlying revenue growth that's important and provides us with the long-term stability."
The club's commercial revenue increased by 12 per cent to £116.3m following the announcement of 12 new partnerships and renewals, as well as opening 180 new retail outlets around the world including one standalone store in Malaysia.
Media revenue also continued to grow from £100.9m to £122.6m due to participation in the 2014-15 Champions League and progressing to the semi-final stages of both domestic cup competitions. Likewise matchday revenue increased by 15.9 per cent to £59m as a result of additional ticketing and hospitality revenue from the additional fixtures.
The club also continued to expand its fan engagement reach, launching four new digital and social media platforms including dedicated accounts in Finland, Italy and South Korea, which continues to demonstrate the club's ever-increasing global appeal.
On the pitch, LFC's playing squad included the signings of Adam Lallana, Emre Can, Dejan Lovren, Divock Origi and Alberto Moreno while renewing several key contracts with Jordan Henderson, Philippe Coutinho, Kolo Toure and Jordon Ibe. Young player development is also an important part of the club's football strategy and during the reporting period, 18 Academy players were offered professional contracts.
Ayre added: "These results are almost a year old now but all areas of the club have continued making good progress and growth.
"The cost of football is rising with the increase in player transfer fees and wages but our ambition remains the same and we have continued to invest in strengthening the playing squad since the reporting period.
"The new Main Stand at Anfield is another significant investment by this ownership which is vital to the health of the club and part of our long-term strategy to ensure we remain competitive and sustainable."
Financial summary
• Revenue increased by 16.5 per cent to £297.9m.
• Media revenue increased by 21.5 per cent to £122.6m.
• Commercial revenue increased by 12 per cent to £116.3m.
• Matchday revenue increased by 15.9 per cent to £59m.
• Profit before tax was £60m compared to £0.9m in 2014.
• FSG converted £69m of debt into equity and invested £49m for stadium expansion costs.
• Liverpool FC maintain ninth position in Deloitte Money League.
Under the Radar Blog Archives Select Date… January, 2019 December, 2018 November, 2018 October, 2018 September, 2018 August, 2018 July, 2018 June, 2018 May, 2018 April, 2018 March, 2018 February, 2018
Judge strikes down Ohio law on election lies
A federal judge has struck down an Ohio state law that allows the government to regulate political falsehoods.
In a Thursday decision (posted here), U.S. District Court Judge Timothy Black sided with the pro-life group Susan B. Anthony List against the Ohio Elections Commission in a lawsuit over the commission's right to regulate and censor political speech that it deems false.
“We do not want the government (i.e., the Ohio Elections Commission) deciding what is political truth — for fear that the government might persecute those who criticize it. Instead, in a democracy, the voters should decide,” Black wrote in a decision that orders the state to stop enforcing its falsehood law.
Black, a Cincinnati-based appointee of President Barack Obama, continued: “Here in Ohio, there is no reason to believe that the OEC is positioned to determine what is true and what is false when it comes to political statements. In fact, it is entirely possible that a candidate could make a truthful statement, yet the OEC would determine a few days before an election that the statement is false, penalizing the candidate for speaking the truth and chilling further truthful speech.”
The judge's decision goes on to quote fictional character Frank Underwood from the Netflix show “House of Cards," saying: “There's no better way to overpower a trickle of doubt than with a flood of naked truth.”
The case arises out of a dispute during the 2010 election where SBA List wanted to run political ads against then-Rep. Steven Driehaus (D-Ohio) accusing them of voting in favor of taxpayer-funded abortions by supporting Obama's health care law, now commonly called Obamacare.
Driehaus filed a complaint over the ad campaign with the Ohio Elections Commission, arguing that SBA List's billboard ad was in violation of the Ohio false political statement law.
SBA List strongly denied that its ads were false but filed a constitutional challenge on First Amendment grounds, arguing that the government had no right to determine the truth or falsehood of political ads and that Ohio's law had a chilling effect on speech.
Ohio law makes it a crime to “[p]ost, publish, circulate, distribute, or otherwise disseminate a false statement concerning a candidate, either knowing the same to be false or with reckless disregard of whether it was false or not, if the statement is designed to promote the election, nomination, or defeat of the candidate" and gives the state election commission the right to enforce the law.
“After four years and a trip to the U.S. Supreme Court, today we finally have a victory for free speech,” SBA List President Marjorie Dannenfelser said in a statement on Thursday.
“Today's decision allows us to freely communicate the truth with voters — that elected representatives who voted for the Affordable Care Act voted for taxpayer-funded abortion. It is beyond dispute that, because Congress and the White House failed to include the Stupak amendment, Obamacare contains multiple abortion-funding provisions. This reality will continue to be a key part of our message to voters in the 2014 midterm elections and beyond,” Dannenfelser said.
The case was originally tossed out by Black in 2011 on the grounds that SBA List did not have standing to bring the lawsuit.
The U.S. Supreme Court disagreed, finding earlier this year that SBA List had standing for a suit and ordering the district court to rehear the case.
The state of Ohio can still appeal the decision.
Melanoma can be fatal Scientists claim they have cured advanced skin cancer for the first time using the patient's own cells cloned outside the body. The 52-year-old man involved was free of melanoma two years after treatment. US researchers, reports the New England Journal of Medicine, took cancer-fighting immune cells, made five billion copies, then put them all back. Scientists in the UK warned that further trials would need to be done to prove how well the treatment worked. This is another interesting demonstration of the huge power of the immune system to fight some types of cancer
Spokesman
Cancer Research UK The body's immune system plays a significant role in the battle against cancer, and doctors have been looking for ways to boost this tumour-killing response. The 52-year-old man had advanced melanoma which had spread to the lungs and lymph nodes. Scientists at the Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center in Seattle concentrated on a type of immune system cell called a CD4+ T cell. FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play.
More from Today programme From a sample of the man's white blood cells, they were able to select CD4+ T cells which had been specifically primed to attack a chemical found on the surface of melanoma cells. These were then multiplied in the laboratory, and put back in their billions to see if they could mount an effective attack on the tumours. Two months later, scans showed the tumours had disappeared, and after two years, the man remained disease-free. The new cells persisted in the body for months after the treatment. 'Immune power' While claiming this as a world first, the study authors pointed out that their technique applied only to a patient with a particular type of immune system and tumour type, and could work for only a small percentage of people with advanced skin cancer. Patients will live with their cancer, and die with their cancer, but not of their cancer - it will be like diabetes today
Professor Karol Sikora
Imperial College London Dr Cassian Yee, who led the project, said: "For this patient we were successful, but we would need to confirm the effectiveness of therapy in a larger study." Professor Karol Sikora, a cancer expert at Imperial College in London, described the research as "pretty exciting" with potentially wide application. They said the researchers had focused on melanoma because the disease was well understood compared with other cancers, but other cancers could potentially be targeted. They said: "I think we will be able to harness the power of the immune system. Eventually we will learn how to control cancer, in other words we will suppress it. "Patients will live with their cancer, and die with their cancer, but not of their cancer - it will be like diabetes today." A spokesperson for Cancer Research UK also said more research would be needed, adding: "This is another interesting demonstration of the huge power of the immune system to fight some types of cancer. "Although the technique is complex and difficult to use for all but a few patients, the principle that someone's own immune cells can be expanded and made to work in this way is very encouraging for the work that ourselves and others are carrying out in this field."
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these?
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Billionaire tycoon Sir Philip Green was ordered to quit their whining and turn up to a grilling by MPs over the BHS pensions crisis.
The retail magnate, 64, had earlier threatened to boycott the inquiry into the collapse of the 88-year-old firm, accusing chairperson Frank Field of “doing the very best to destroy my reputation”.
In a letter to the Labour MP and chairperson of the Work and Pensions Committee, the Topshop boss even called on them to quit the panel in a complaining letter.
But brushing aside their demands, Mr Field told the Sunday People : “It is up to the House of Commons to decide who is going to be chairperson of its select committees.
“There is no question of me resigning. I expect Philip Green to turn up as planned on Wednesday. They have a lot of questions to answer.”
They went on: “We appreciate that Sir Philip is trying to set up a deal for the pension fund, but £600million is the size of the deficit. That's not jumping to any conclusion, that is a fact.
“We very much look forward to hearing their side of the story,” they added.
(Image: Mirrorpix)
BHS collapsed in April, leaving 11,000 jobs at risk and a £571million pension deficit. Up to 20,000 workers face losing 10 per cent of their retirement income.
Sir Philip, known for their short fuse, saw red after Mr Field said their committee would “laugh” if they offered less than £600million to save workers' pensions.
Read more: MPs tell Philip Green: Cough up £600m or lose knighthood
MPs are investigating the £1 sale of BHS to former bankrupt Dominic Chappell and the subsequent collapse that left a £571million black hole in its pension fund.
In their angry letter to Mr Field, Sir Philip wrote: “I am not prepared to participate in a process which has not even the pretence of fairness and objectivity and which has as its primary objective the destruction of my reputation.
“Your bias against me and lack of any interest in a fair process are demonstrated clearly.” And they demanded: “I therefore require you to resign immediately from this inquiry.”
But Tory Business Minister Anna Soubry tweeted: “Sir Philip needs to understand Parliament is the boss, get a grip & get in front of the committee on Weds.”
While speaking to reporters at All-Star Weekend in Houston, Knicks forward Carmelo Anthony didn't hesitate to proclaim their team as being ready for an NBA Title run.
"We just got to go out there and do it," Anthony said, as quoted by Fred Kerber of the New York Post. "I can sit here and talk about how bad I want the title, what we have to do to win the title, what I think we have to do to win the title. If we don't go out there and do it, everything I'm saying is irrelevant."
The irrelevance of Anthony's quote is something we can all agree on.
Perhaps some more important words were uttered by 15-time All-Star Kobe Bryant. Anthony has been receiving some advice from the Lakers legend ever since Mike D'Antoni stepped down last season. Melo was receiving criticism over the incident but continued talking to Bryant throughout the summer and into the Olympics.
Fast forward to the 2012-2013 NBA Season and Anthony is playing their best basketball.
"I think it's helped," Bryant said, as quoted by Newsday's Al Iannazzone. "What I told them was, 'Listen, you can't listen to what the critics, the pundits are saying. You can't adjust your game because of criticism. If you do what you do, everything else will fall into place.' Hopefully they took that advice to heart."
"Me and Kobe talk a lot," Anthony said, as quoted by Iannazzone. "A lot of conversations came last season throughout the season. We talked this summer. We talked at the Olympics. Their approach to a lot of things I definitely admire. If I could take anything away from what we talked about, it was just their approach, how to approach different things, kind of how to block things and stay in their mind frame."
In other Knicks news:
• The Knicks are obviously one of the best teams in the league, but according to the numbers, they're still looking up at the Clippers, Heat, Spurs and Thunder: "Well the Knicks currently have the fifth-best winning percentage in the NBA, which is congruent with their fifth-overall ranking in efficiency differential (naturally the Thunder, Spurs, Heat and Clippers are ahead of them in both categories). It could be that the Knicks' record accurately reflects how good the team actually is... There are a few other ways to analyze the Knicks' numbers at the break. ESPN.com's Relative Percent Index (RPI) ranks the team seventh overall behind the four asupervisorstioned teams as well as the Memphis Grizzlies and Denver Nuggets. The Knicks are penalized in this case because they've had the 27th hardest schedule to this point of the season."
• As NJ.com's Tony Williams wrote, James White could make a name for themselves at Saturday Night's slam dunk contest: "But leaping comes easily for White, who transferred from Florida to Cincinnati after one year and started for three years there before being selected in the second round of the 2006 draft. In high school and college, they dabbled with long and high jumping and in their only year on the track team at Cincinnati. They met the Olympic standard in the long jump by hitting 25 feet, 7.5 inches. Their track coach there, Bill Schnier, calls them 'a natural at it.'"
• ESPNNewYork.com's Ian Begley wrote that the Knicks have a very tough schedule over the season's second half: "In the second half, the Knicks have a murderers' row of nine back-to-backs in their final 32 games. One out of every four of their final games is against a team currently in the top four of their conference. They have two more against the rival Celtics and Heat and a combined five games against Denver, Golden State and Utah -- three Western Conference playoff teams."
• Begley's colleague Jared Zwerling wrote that Anthony will start the All-Star Game despite a deep bruise on their right arm.
In the last few weeks, several media outlets have reported on a new study on American democracy by Martin Gilens and Benjamin I. Page . The headlines include:
“Study: The US is an oligarchy, not a democracy”
“It's Official: America is an Oligarchy and NOT a Democracy”
“Princeton Concludes What Kind of Government America Really Has, and It's Not a Democracy”
“U.S. more oligarchy than democracy, study suggests”
“Too Important for Clever Titles – Scientific Study Says We are an Oligarchy”
“The Silver Lining to Our Oligarchy.”
Gilens and Page's article, forthcoming in Perspectives on Politics this fall, examines which types of actors in American politics—voters, economic elites, and interest groups—have the most influence over policy outcomes. Their findings suggest that economic elites and interest groups have the most influence over policy outcomes, while the average voter has little influence. Based on these findings, Gilens and Page conclude that “America's claims to being a democratic society are seriously threatened.” Note that Gilens and Page never actually conclude the US is not a democracy, even though the news article titles suggest that they do.
While I sympathetic to the idea that wealthier Americans have more influence over the policy making process than the middle class and the poor, this does not mean the US is not a democracy. I explain why in more detail below.
The consensus among political science research is that the United States is a democracy.
Almost all classification schemes in political science define the United States as a democracy. This is not a minor point. When scientists study a specific research question, they produce several studies in order to assess what they know about how the world works and what they do not know. If they come to a consensus, they have some confidence that they have identified one way in which the world works. In this case, most studies of democracy in political science suggest that the US is a democracy.
We now have a study that may challenge the conventional wisdom that the US is a democracy. While the results of this study are interesting, they should not outweigh the results of hundreds of other studies. If we allowed the results of one study to outweigh the conventional wisdom, it would be like cherry picking evidence to suit our needs.
Nevertheless, Gilens and Page's study is still important in the sense that it should encourage other political scientists to continue to explore the idea of whether the US and other countries in the world are democracies. Since their results are different from other studies, maybe we can learn something from their study that we have not thought about before.
Gilens and Page define democracy based on policy outcomes, not the political process
It is important to know why Gilens and Page's study comes to a somewhat different conclusion about American democracy than most other studies in political science. They attempt to determine whether the US is a democracy based on whether policy outcomes in the US represent the interests of the median voter. However, most studies that classify countries as democratic or non-democratic use different criteria to classify countries as democratic and non-democratic.
Most classification schemes of regime type in political science define countries as democratic or non-democratic based on the political process in the country. These classification schemes generally include criteria such as whether there are free, fair, and competitive elections in a country, whether election losers respect the results of election outcomes, whether there are limits on leaders' power once they are elected, and whether there are regularly held elections resulting in a turnover of power. Under these criteria, the US is clearly a democracy.
Instead of focusing on the political process in the US, Gilens and Page focus on policy outcomes to determine whether the US is democratic. They argue that in order for the US to be a democracy, public policy has to follow the interests of the median voter. What Gilens and Page do not take into account is that democratic political systems are not always designed to represent the interests of the median voter. For example, consensus democracies (such as Belgium and Switzerland) are designed to ensure to several different interests are represented in government. These democracies have multiparty systems and electoral rules that allow several parties to gain access to legislative and executive power. On the other hand, majoritarian democracies (such as the United Kingdom) are designed to ensure that only the interests of the majority are represented in government. These countries tend to have a limited number of political parties and their electoral rules tend to only allow one party to influence the legislative process at any given time. As such, the interests of the majority are well represented in government.
In a sense, both consensus and majoritarian democracies both represent the interests of the median voter, but in different ways. In consensus democracies, government policy tends to reflect the policy interests of the median voter. This is a direct result of how these systems are designed. Since several different parties are represented in government, no one party can control the policy making process. Hence, parties have to work together to develop policy. As a result, policy tends to move naturally towards the preferences of the median party (or interest) in parliament, as the median party tends to be the pivotal actor in determining policy.
On the other hand, in a majoritarian democracy, instead of representing the policy interests of the median voter, government policy reflects the partisan interests of the median voter. When the median voter's party wins office, the party tends to control the policy making process. The interests of the opposition party tends to be excluded from the process. As a result, policy tends to move towards the median interest of the majority party, as the median interest of the majority party tends to be the pivotal actor in determining policy. Hence, while policy in majoritarian democracies may not reflect the specific policy interests of the median voter, it may reflect his/her partisan interests.
Gilens and Page's democracy criterion only takes into account that public policy in the US should follow the policy interests of the median voter, not the partisan interests of the median voter. If public policy reflected the partisan interests of the median voter in the US, then we could conclude that in the very least, elected officials are responding to their constituents' partisan interests. Then we could reasonably conclude that the US meets the criteria of being a majoritarian democracy. If subsequent studies build upon Gilens and Page's work, those studies should take into account how parties influence policy in the US.
Several other long-standing democracies in the world would not be classified as democratic according to Gilens and Page's criterion.
I am simply reiterating this point from the previous section to emphasize the implications of using Gilens and Page's criterion to classify other democracies in the world. According to their criterion, consensus democracies probably would be considered democratic, whereas majoritarian democracies probably would not be considered democratic. In order to resolve this issue, as stated above, I think future studies need to take into account that elected officials may represent the interests of the majority party, not just the median voter.
Gilens and Page make a series of methodological decisions that may limit the conclusions of their study.
According to Gilens and Page's empirical results, economic elites and interest groups that represent business interests have the most influence over public policy outcomes. In contrast, the median voter and interest groups that represent the public have less influence over policy outcomes. However, the way they identify the median voter and interest groups in their models may limit their ability to conclude if elected officials respond to these different actors.
First, Gilens and Page wanted to know whether the median voter influenced public policy in the US. To identify the median voter, they look at the policy preferences of individuals who have incomes at the 50th income percentile. Traditionally, we define the median voter as the individual with the median policy preference, not the median income. It is unclear whether every person at the 50th income percentile has the same policy preferences. I would be interested to see the extent to which these individuals agree with one another on public policy.
Second, Gilens and Page wanted to determine whether interest groups influenced public policy. However, they only included interest groups in their study that were from a list of the 25 most powerful interest groups in the country. Hence, it is not surprising that they found that these interest groups influenced public policy. It would be interesting to see if their results changed if they include more interest groups in their study.
And last, in their bivariate analyses, Gilens and Page found that the policy preferences of the median voter and the policy preferences of the elites both influence public policy. However, when they ran a multivariate analysis, only the policy preferences of the elites significantly affected policy, not the policy preferences of the median voter. They take this to mean that only elite preferences matter. However, Gilens and Page also recognized that the policy preferences of the median voter in their model and the policy preferences of the economic elites were highly correlated (r=0.73). This high correlation might suggest that it might be difficult for the model to determine whether (1) elite preferences matter, (2) median voter preferences matter, or (3) if they both matter. Highly correlated independent variables tend to produce larger standard errors, making it more difficult to find significant results.
Share this: Facebook
Reddit
Twitter
Email
Like this: Like Loading...
Most models have become cheaper; notable exceptions are Maruti Ciaz and Ertiga SHVS with big increases owing to a 12.7 percent tax hike under GST.
Also read: Impact of GST on new bike prices
With GST now implemented, we take a look at its impact on car prices. While most vehicle categories were expected to see a reduction in taxation, it remained to be seen how much of this benefit was going to be passed down to the consumer.
With the new tax structure now in effect, most cars from major manufacturers have seen reductions, but hybrids are subject to a 12.7 percent hike in effective tax. The move is a result of the government's drive to promote electric vehicles, as hybrids were reported to be gaining an undeserved advantage.
Honda
Honda has announced GST price cuts on various models ranging from Rs. 5,000 for the Amaze and upto Rs. 28,000 for the City. CR-V entry level variant is cheaper by 1,24,000 while the pricing for the Honda Accord hybrid remains the same.
Honda car prices post GST Model name Price (Pre-GST) Price (Post-GST) Honda Brio Rs 4.74- 6.87 lakh Rs 4.66- 6.75 lakh Honda Amaze Rs 5.59 - 8.52 lakh Rs 5.58- 8.47 lakh Honda Jazz Rs 5.95 - 9.27 lakh Rs 5.89 - 9.19 lakh Honda WR-V Rs 7.75 - 9.99 lakh Rs 7.66 - 9.91 lakh Honda City Rs 8.62 - 13.71 lakh Rs 8.46 - 13.43 lalkh Honda BR-V Rs 9.12 - 13.14 lakh Rs 8.93 - 13.04 lakh Honda CR-V Rs 22.64 - 26.79 lakh Rs 21.53 - 25.47 lakh
Maruti prices post GST Model name Price (Pre-GST) Price (Post-GST) Maruti Alto 800 Rs 2.46-3.67 lakh Rs 2.45-3.72 lakh Maruti Alto K10 Rs 3.27-4.12 lakh Rs 3.26-4.11 lakh Maruti Celerio Rs 4.04-5.24 lakh Rs 4.03- 5.23 lakh Maruti WagonR Rs 4.11-5.33 lakh Rs 4.10-5.31 lakh Maruti Swift Rs 4.80-7.46 lakh Rs 4.79-7.46 lakh Maruti Dzire Rs 5.45-9.41 lakh Rs 5.42-9.39 lakh Maruti Ignis Rs 4.59-7.80 lakh Rs 4.56-7.54 lakh Maruti Baleno Rs 5.28-8.43 lakh Rs 5.27-8.42 lakh Maruti Ciaz Rs 7.72-9.56 lakh Rs 7.65-11.44 lakh
Maruti Suzuki has updated its prices and is offering up to a 3 percent cut on most models, except the SHVS-equipped Ciaz and Ertiga diesels which get price hikes of Rs 1.88 and Rs 1.69 lakh, respectively, due to the increase in duty.
Tata Motors
Following the rollout of GST, Tata Motors has announced a price cut of upto 12 percent in the range of Rs 3,300 to Rs 2,17,000 depending on the model and variant.
Mahindra
Utility vehicle major Mahindra has announced a reduction in prices of large UVs, SUVs by an average of 6.9 percent. Prices of small cars have been cut by an average of 1.4 percent. However, hybrid vehicles will see a marginal increase in prices since the GST rates on hybrid vehicles are significantly higher, the carmaker said in a statement today. These price changes to end-customers will vary across states or even cities within a state, due to the differing levels of pre-GST local taxes.
Toyota
Innova Crysta prices have dropped by up to Rs 1.14 lakh and the Fortuner's by up to Rs 2.69 lakh. With GST making no differentiation between mild and full hybrids, the prices of the hybrid Prius and Camry (both full hybrids) too, have been hiked by Rs 5.24 lakh and Rs 5.1 lakh, respectively.
Toyota car prices post GST Model name Price (Pre-GST) Price (Post-GST) Toyota Etios Liva Rs 5.39-7.53 lakh Rs 5.20-7.29 lakh Toyota Etios sedan Rs 6.64-8.98 lakh Rs 6.65-8.60 lakh Toyota Innova Crysta Rs 14.20-21.40 lakh Rs 13.30-20.07 lakh Toyota Innova Touring Rs 17.79-22.15 lakh Rs 16.67- 20.77 lakh Toyota Corolla Altis Rs 15.87- 19.81 lakh Rs 14.88-18.67 lakh Toyota Fortuner Rs 26.66-31.86 lakh Rs 24.40-29.17 lakh Toyota Camry Hybrid Rs 31.98 lakh Rs 37.22 lakh Toyota Prius Hybrid Rs 38.96 lakh Rs 44.06 lakh
Hyundai
The Korean maker has finally announced new pricing for its models with a reduction of up to 5.9%
Hyundai prices post GST Model Pre- GST price Post-GST price Eon 3.32-4.60 lakh 3.31-4.56 lakh Grand i10 4.59-7.37 lakh 4.55-7.30 lakh Xcent 5.38-8.41 lakh 5.33-8.39 lakh Verna 7.95-13.17 lakh 7.84-12.62 lakh Creta 9.28-14.63 lakh 8.92-14.00 lakh Elantra 13.00-19.31 lakh 12.48-18.46 lakh Tucson 19.00-25.01 lakh 18.13-23.86 lakh Santa Fe 29.58-33.00 lakh 27.86-31.07 lakh
Audi
Audi has dropped prices across its range too. Here's what the models cost now:
Audi car prices post GST Model name Price (Pre-GST) Price (Post-GST) Audi A3 Rs 30.50-35.80 lakh Rs 30.77-35.29 lakh Audi A4 Rs 38.10-43.30 lakh Rs 38.40-42.66 lakh Audi A6 Rs 52.75- 53.75 lakh Rs 51.93- 52.91 lakh Audi A8 L Rs 1.15-1.20 crore Rs 1.14-1.19 crore Audi Q3 Rs 32.20-41.20 lakh Rs 32.48-40.60 lakh Audi Q7 Rs 72.90-80.95 lakh Rs 70.12-77.84 lakh
Land Rover
All variants of the locally produced Discovery Sport and Evoque get cheaper with price cuts ranging up to Rs.4.28 lakh and Rs 4.43 lakh, respectively. Imported models, including the Range Rover Sport and Range, get price cuts on certain variants. Land Rover SUV prices post GST Model name Price (Pre-GST) Price (Post-GST) Land Rover Discovery Sport Rs 43.80-57.16 lakh Rs 40.04-52.88 lakh Range Rover Evoque Rs 45.85-61.40 lakh Rs 42.37-56.97 lakh Range Rover Sport Rs 86.80 lakh-1.77 crore Rs 89.44 lakh- 1.78 crore Range Rover Rs 1.57-3.47 crore Rs 1.58-3.43 crore
Jaguar
Jaguar, too, has offered a significant reduction in the prices of its locally assembled models. The F-Type sportscar, though, is more expensive now.
Jaguar prices post GST Model name Price (Pre-GST) Price (Post-GST) Jaguar XE Rs 37.25-46.34 lakh Rs 34.64-43.21 lakh Jaguar XF Rs 47.50-60.50 lakh Rs 44.89-56.35 lakh Jaguar XJ petrol Rs 1.03 crore Rs 97.39 lakh Jaguar F-Pace SUV Rs 68.40 lakh- 1.22 crore Rs 67.37 lakh-Rs 1.10crore Jaguar F-Type Rs 2.04 - 2.59 crore Rs 2.08 - 2.62 crore
Mercedes-Benz
The German brand has announced a reduction in prices ranging from about 2 percent to 9 percent across its India portfolio. The 'Made in India' cars (CLA, GLA, GLC, GLE, GLS, C-Class, E- Class and S -Class) especially benefit from the implementation of the GST.
Mercedes-Benz prices post GST Model name Price (Pre-GST) Price (Post-GST) A-Class Rs 27.57 - 28.58 lakh Rs 27.45 - 28.45 lakh B-Class Rs 29.58 - 30.59 lakh Rs 29.45 - 30.45 lakh GLA-Class Rs 33.12 - 36.24 lakh Rs 30.65 - 36.75 lakh C-Class Rs 40.05 - 46.58 lakh Rs 38.55 - 44.83 lakh E-Class Rs 55.80 - 69.00 lakh Rs 54.56 - 67.49 lakh GLC-Class Rs 48.30 - 52.34 lakh Rs 46.49 - 50.37 lakh GLE-Class Rs 64.32 - 67.49 lakh Rs 62.89 - 72.06 lakh GLS-Class Rs 83.00 lakh Rs 79.06 lakh S-Class Rs 1.21 - 1.33 crore Rs 1.17 - 1.28 crore
All prices in lakh, ex-showroom, New Delhi.
Agriculture minister accused of nepotism, prime minister stands by them
KOMJATICE, a village in Nitra Region, may become a new symbol of nepotism after one of its prominent natives, Slovakia's agriculture minister Ľubomír Jahnátek, was found to have hired six people into high Agriculture Ministry positions, all of whom are either relatives of his, or current or former inhabitants of their native village.
KOMJATICE, a village in Nitra Region, may become a new symbol of nepotism after one of its prominent natives, Slovakia's agriculture minister Ľubomír Jahnátek, was found to have hired six people into high Agriculture Ministry positions, all of whom are either relatives of his, or current or former inhabitants of their native village.
The Sme daily first broke the story in mid September, when it reported that Jahnátek's sister's son and daughter, Lukáš Peško and Petra Bohunová, were employed at managerial positions at the ministry. Since then, Sme reporters discovered a number of other people who have worked at the ministry and have some connection either with Jahnátek or Komjatice.
“When the natives are smart, why should they be disqualified?” Jahnátek responded in an interview with Sme. “University rectors, faculty deans, nuclear energy experts, excellent doctors, artists, recognised athletes come from Komjatice. Not just me, but we all help Komjatice.”
All the minister's men and women
The list of ministry employees with ties to Jahnátek published by Sme currently includes the minister's nephew Lukáš Peško (head control of projects financed from two EU operational programmes) , their niece Petra Bohunová (head of operations and registration), Komjatice native Marek Gocník (general director of the department of implementation of regional development programmes and a member of the Slovak Land Fund council), the brother-in-law of the local Smer head in Komjatice Gabriel Jaššo (head of state property and investment), and former Komjatice inhabitants Peter Hajnala (head of the press office) and Stanislav Péli (head of internal audits).
Péli is the brother-in-law of Ľudovít Koppan, a Komjatice native, and is the general director of auditing at the ministry. They were transferred to their post from another position, and thus did not have to undergo a selection procedure, according to Sme.
The names of the minister's two godsons, Ľudovít and Michal Gráf, had been in the ministry's phonebook until Sme inquired about them. The ministry told Sme that they “provided short-term two-week help in the area of administration of documents and processing of the documentation of operational programmes” while the ministry's permanent employees were on summer holiday, Sme wrote.
All the employees in question became joined the ministry's staff only after Jahnátek took up the ministerial post.
The minister refused to speculate about whether Komjatice inhabitants were given an advantage in the selection of employees when asked by Sme. They also said they have not lived in the village since 1978, but the cadastre records show that they still own property in Komjatice and that their family still lives there. Their brother is a local council member for Smer, according to Sme.
Press department head Peter Hajnala, themselves a former Komjatice citizen, stated for the Slovak Spectator that only the Service Office has the authority to recruit new employees, and the minister does not interfere with the process because the law prevents them from doing so.
“The information about family ties and about the permanent address are not a subject of attention and they do not represent any criteria for the selection of applicants,” Hajnala told The Slovak Spectator, adding that the criteria are only related to the applicants' qualifications as they pertain to the job in the state service.
“All selection procedures at the Agriculture Ministry have thus been fully in accordance with the law on state service,” Hajnala stressed.
SUB: Selecting from one
The ministry remained tight-lipped about its employees mentioned in the story after it was published until October 1, when it answered Sme's questions about the ministry's selection process.
The ministry admitted that Peško, Bohunová, Gocník, Jaššo, Hajnala and Péli were selected in an “internal selection procedure” and that the announcement for their posts was only published on the ministry's intranet, which means that only ministry employees had access to the information, according to Sme.
As a result, all six of the employees in question were the only ones to compete for their posts.
The internal selection procedures were introduced in 2009, when the government headed by Robert Fico passed a new law on state service, opposition MP Miroslav Beblavý noted.
“Fico's government thus bears political responsibility for this case - it directly allowed it [to happen],” Beblavý said.
Before the change, the law required that every job position must be filled through public competition that would allow anyone who satisfies the conditions stipulated by law to apply. The internal selection process does not require anything more than “an announcement on the bulletin board”, according to Beblavý.
Internal selection procedures are applied in cases when the ministry wants to make use of its own reserves, for “a post for which there is no reason to recruit a person from outside,” minister Jahnátek told Sme in an interview printed on October 3, estimating that this could account for up to 95 percent of all cases.
Since the ministry provided the press with information about the selection procedures in question, Jahnátek considers the issue to be closed, they told Sme.
But Beblavý, who heads the parliamentary committee for incompatibility of functions, announced they would initiate the committee's investigation into the matter at its October session, arguing that Jahnátek should explain whether or not they have found themselves in a conflict of interest over the hiring of these relatives and compatriots.
Jahnátek sees conspiracy
During the September 30 press briefing Jahnátek indirectly accused Sme of taking part in a conspiracy, asking why the issue around the employees at the ministry is coming up now, even though they have been working at the ministry since January.
“Ask yourselves why this all happened,” Jahnátek said. “What is actually going on in the food industry and all, and why this attack was started.”
They claimed to have received information three weeks earlier that “an association” was preparing to discredit them in connection with “my being persistent about the milder fines” issued in the food industry. They did not go into further detail about the campaign, nor did they specify which “association” they were referring to.
Prime Minister Robert Fico has backed Jahnátek's claim of being personally attacked.
“I see a lot behind the attacks on Minister Jahnátek,” Fico said, as quoted by Sme. “Mostly [over] the fact that the minister very clearly jumped on retail chains who are behaving incorrectly.”
Family ties are strong in Slovakia
Nepotism is not new to Slovak politics. Transparency International Slovensko (TIS) head Gabriel Šípoš called it a traditional problem of the Slovak public sphere.
“It harms the quality of public administration, because friends and relatives usually don't have such professional qualities as the best jobseekers on the market,” Šípoš told The Slovak Spectator.
In Slovakia, 60 percent of people consider personal ties or acquaintances to be important when dealing with public offices, according to a 2012 survey conducted by TIS, compared to Finland, where 36 percent of inhabitants believe the same.
“Nepotism could be prevented with open selection procedures with permanently published records where all applicants and their evaluation would be published,” Šípoš said.
7. Oct 2013 at 0:00 | Michaela Terenzani
Hello, This is Fantasy War Tactics Team.
Use of illegal program ruin the game and have bad effect to the fair lords.
To protect fair lords, we will strongly punish the players who try to break our operation policy.
If you keep insisting to use of illegal program, we can even block your device.
So please DO NOT USE illegal program to cheat on the game.
This time, we will restrict some players who have been using illegal program.
Please see the player list as below.
[Player list]
*Reason : Use of illegal program
Server : Asia
Lang, Kait**, Shin**, Lemon**, Noxio**, smallfi**, Hwe**, Pigu**, 引导世界毁灭终焉**, AbyssMak**, Fe**, 心有**, 一*香
Server : Global
OhDe**, DM**, Fre**, Tinota**, deadz**, AmySki**, Besth**, VietDragon**, Jra**, Bro**
Pichu**, Ken**, Zar**, Jahog**
If you have any questions, please contact us as follow link.
Customer Center
We'll root out cheaters by security patching and monitoring the game.
Thank you for your support.
FWT Team
DALLAS — A lawsuit filed Tuesday alleges that a Dallas City Councilwoman broke the law by conspiring with a Florida attorney to solicit business from the family of the victim of a fatal dog attack in May.
Councilwoman Tiffinni Young declined to respond to the allegations on camera, but told News 8 she's done nothing wrong. Chris Chestnut, the attorney named as a defendant in the lawsuit, also said he's done nothing wrong.
Antoinette Brown died on May 9, a week after being attacked by a pack of wild dogs in southern Dallas. Brown's daughter, Matisha Ward, said that while their mother was still in the hospital, Councilwoman Young contacted them via text message. Ward said they didn't know Young, who first expressed sympathy, but then, according to Ward, began talking about suing the city.
“I didn't know anything about her,” Ward said. “It was so much stuff going on in my mind and I thought, ‘OK, let me reach back out to them to see who they are.'”
Ward kept the texts, which they shared with News 8. In a May 6 text, Young wrote to Ward: "...I am praying for your mother and your family and am deeply saddened to hear about what happened...”
On May 8, via text, Young offered to come to the hospital and meet with Ward. Ward said Young showed up, offered their sympathies then suggested they consider suing the city of Dallas.
Matisha Ward
“When they were getting ready to leave they told me, ‘You do have a case', and I was like, ‘OK,'” Ward said. “I asked them how would I go about trying to get this case started and they told me that technically they couldn't give me that information.”
Ward's mother was removed from life support on May 9. On May 12, Ward texted Young to tell them that they were taking their advice and “decided to [talk] with [a] lawyer,” their text shows.
Courtesy
The next day, Young texted back: “Call me.” Ward said they called Young and recorded the conversation which they have shared with News 8.
Young: Hey how are you?
Ward: I'm good, how are you?
Young: I'm good, now, what, tell me what attorneys you've talked to?
Ward: I haven't talked to one yet.
Young: Oh you haven't?
Ward: No.
Young: I have one sitting here. Do you want to talk to him?
Ward: Yes ma'am.
Young: Hold on one second. Can you talk to them Chris?
Chris: How are you doing?
Ward: I'm fine, how are you?
Chris: I'm good, I'm good. I was just talking and I'm so sorry to hear about your mother.”
Young handed to phone off to attorney Christopher Chestnut, an old friend of Young's from college days who was with them that day attending a seminar in Chicago.
"I'm out of Florida and Atlanta,” Chestnut told Ward on the phone recording. “I specialize in wrongful death cases. They (Young) was telling me about what happened (to your mother). That's a tragedy.”
Chestnut has been in trouble in Florida. Last year, the state bar there publicly reprimanded them for failing to keep a client informed about a case. In 2014, a jury found they overcharged a client, prompting a state bar complaint which is pending in the Florida Supreme Court.
After a few minutes of conversation, Ward told Chestnut someone should be held accountable for their mother's death. “I mean, so that owner needs to pay,” Ward told Chestnut over the phone. “The mayor needs to pay, the animal control business, whoever they are, they need to pay.”
Chestnut responded, “They need to pay.” Ward and Chestnut never spoke again.
Tom Carse
Ward has since hired Dallas attorney Tom Carse, who has filed suit against Chestnut and Young, accusing them both of “barratry and solicitation of professional employment.”
Carse says both Young and Chestnut committed the crime of “barratry” by, according to the lawsuit, illegally conspiring to solicit legal business from Ward. Barratry is a third degree felony in Texas.
“When Mrs. Ward said ‘I've talked to a lawyer' and when the response was ‘call me,' as opposed to, ‘I wish you the best,' and drop it, Young didn't drop it,” Carse said.
Chestnut told News 8 neither they nor Young did anything wrong. “I perceive it as Ms. Young trying to help a constituent who just lost their mom tragically in a horrific death,” Chestnut said when reached about the allegations. “She was just following up with the lady to see if I could help.”
Young told News 8 they were only trying to help Ward and even assisted them in setting up a Go Fund Me page to help pay for their mother's funeral.
Antoinette Brown
“I did not encourage them to file suit against the city,” Young told News 8 in a phone call. “I just said that if you feel you have a grievance with the city, you have a right to talk to an attorney.”
Ward says they feel Young was only interested in helping Chestnut get hired.
“If you are a city councilwoman, first of all, you don't need to be trying to exploit people,” Ward said. “If you are going to be concerned, be concerned in the right way. Because, to me, they were just playing with my emotions and my heart.”
Councilwoman Young first told News 8 they never introduced Chestnut to Ward. After we told them of the telephone conversation recording, they have since declined to comment.
Ward is suing Chestnut and Young seeking up to $500,000 in damages. They also plan to sue the city of Dallas over the death of their mother.
Email investigates@wfaa.com
Matisha Ward v Tiffinni Young and Christopher Chestnut by JasonTrahan on Scribd
Copyright 2016 WFAA
When day care teacher Michelle Hammack briefly left their classroom to extinguish a nearby fire, they probably did not expect their actions to lead to their own firing.
Hammack was supervising children at their Florida day care center job last week, when they smelled something burning and found a small fire in an adjacent room's oven. Hours after successfully extinguishing that fire, they were terminated, according to local outlet WTEV-TV.
Hammack's employer fired them on the grounds that they should not have left the room where their students were sleeping, even though they did so to investigate a potential fire. However, Hammack believes that the fire would have escalated if not for them actions.
"I fired them only because they left their room," Hammack's employer, Olga Rozhaov, told the TV station. "It's not acceptable, and if anybody else does the same thing, I will fire again. I will fire them. No question."
When writing about the incident, The Daily Caller took Hammack's side, calling the story a “sign that America is clearly wheezing its last ethical gasps.” The Daily Caller also noted that the local Department of Children and Families is investigating the situation, “apparently at the behest of a WTEV reporter.”
A petition has already popped up The Petition Site, with the mission to “write [sic] the wrong that was done to Michelle Hammack.”
Do you think Hammack should have been fired? Let us know in the comments section.
NEW CITY, N.Y. — The Rockland County Sheriff's Office is investigating after a police K-9 killed a family's dog in an unprovoked attack in New York.
Police say the attack happened in New City around 7 a.m. Tuesday. Tom Forde tells CBS New York a nanny was walking their family's Cavapoo Ginger when the police dog attacked it.
Authorities say Detective Dwayne Defino was able to get the German shepherd off of the smaller dog. Defino took Fordes' dog back to their home.
Forde says the detective should've taken the dog to the hospital instead of waiting at their home for more than an hour while it still showed signs of life. The nanny didn't have a car available and Forde works an hour away, the station reports.
Their 13-year-old daughter Kristine called them at work.
"She was my best friend," Kristine Forde told the station of Ginger, crying.
Chief William Barbera says Defino knew the dog had passed and was returning it.
According to the sheriff's office, the police K-9 is an arson dog and isn't trained to attack. Police continue to investigate.
Undated file picture released Jan. 29, 2014, by the official Web site of Iraq's Interior Ministry claiming to show Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, the head of the so-called Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. (Iraqi Interior Ministry via AP)
For all their power and newfound notoriety, there are only two authenticated photos of a man now called the world's “most powerful jihadi leader.” One shows a serious man with an olive complexion and round countenance. The other, released by the Iraqi government in January, depicts an unsmiling bearded figure in a black suit. The image is cracked and blurry, as though someone had taken a picture of a picture.
The murkiness of the photo of the man who calls themselves Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi is appropriate. Though he's “the world's most dangerous man” to Time magazine and the “the new bin Laden” to Le Monde, the man who orchestrated the sacking of northern Iraq's largest city and today controls a nation-size swath of land, is a relatively unknown and enigmatic figure.
Much of what is known of Baghdadi's history is unconfirmed, while other information is disputed to such a degree that it's nearly impossible to discern where fact meets Baghdadi's rising myth.
Several facts, however, are clear: Baghdadi leads the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria.  They are a shrewd strategist, a prolific fundraiser and a ruthless killer. The United States has a $10 million bounty on their head. They have thrown off the yoke of al-Qaeda command and just took their biggest prize yet in Mosul, an oil hub that sits at the vital intersection of Iraq, Turkey and Syria. And in just one year of grisly killing, they have in all likelihood surpassed even al-Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri in international clout and prestige among Islamist militants.
“The true heir to Osama bin Laden may be ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi,” wrote The Washington Post's David Ignatius.  They are “more violent, more virulent, more anti-American,” a senior U.S. intelligence official told the columnist, while the cautious and uncharismatic Zawahiri “is not coping well.” In fact, Baghdadi is now recruiting fighters from other Zawahiri affiliates, including al-Qaeda's Yemen branch and the Somalia-based al-Shabab.
“For the last 10 years or more, [Zawahiri] has been holed up in the Afghanistan-Pakistan border area and hasn't really done very much more than issue a few statements and videos,” Richard Barrett, a former counterterrorism chief with the British foreign intelligence service, told Agence France-Presse last week. “Whereas Baghdadi has done an amazing amount — they have captured cities, they have mobilized huge amounts of people, they are killing ruthlessly throughout Iraq and Syria…. If you were a guy who wanted action, you would go with Baghdadi.”
The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), an al-Qaeda splinter group that has seized a huge chunk of northern Iraq, is led by Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi, a relatively unknown and enigmatic figure. (The Washington Post)
Born a Sunni in 1971 in Samarra with the name Awwad Ibrahim Ali al-Badri al-Samarrai, they claim to be a direct descendant of the prophet Muhammad. According to a widely cited biography released by jihadists, “he is a man from a religious family. Their brothers and uncles include preachers and professors of Arabic language, rhetoric and logic.” The biography and Arabic-language accounts claim they obtained a doctorate at Islamic University in Baghdad — which is presumably why several of their many aliases include the title “Dr.”
Holding degrees in Islamic studies and history, they are believed to have been an Islamic preacher around the time of the 2003 U.S. invasion of Iraq. The chaos of those months drove the 30-something into militancy, and they formed an armed group in eastern Iraq, one that reportedly never rose out of obscurity.
The opacity of their background, analysts say, suggests a broader truth of rising militant Islamists. “The mystery surrounding Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi — at the level of their personality, their movements, or even their relatives, their family, and those close to them — came as a result of what happened to previous leaders, who were killed after their movements were detected,” wrote Mushreq Abbas in al-Monitor.  They are the “invisible jihadist,” according to Le Monde.
This undated file image posted on a militant Web site on Jan. 14, 2014, shows fighters from the al-Qaida linked Islamic State of Iraq and Syria marching in Raqqa, Syria. (AP)
But the narrative solidifies in 2005, when they were captured by American forces and spent the next four years a prisoner in the Bucca Camp in southern Iraq. It was from their time there that the first known picture of Baghdadi emerged. And it's also there, reports Al-Monitor, that they possibly met and trained with key al-Qaeda fighters.
They gained enough respect that by 2010, after several leaders of the insurgent group al-Qaeda in Iraq were killed, they assumed control of it. At that time, the power of the Islamist militancy in Iraq was at its lowest ebb, and the number of killings had plunged. The Sunni rebellion, which it had once spearheaded, was on the verge of collapse.
But then Syria happened. The civil war there, which left a vacuum of authority in large tracts of the country, fueled a resurgence of the group. The upheaval gave rise to the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS). Over the following years, as many as 12,000 militant Islamists — 3,000 of whom were from Western countries — flocked to the region to fight, according to the Soufan Group, an intelligence consultancy.
But even then, Baghdadi, today respected among militants as a battlefield tactician, maintained their anonymity. It is said that no one knows where they are. And reports say that in the rare istances they meet a prisoner, they wear a mask.
The rise of ISIS under their flight attendantship has been less about a cult of personality than what one expert told AFP signaled a “transnational ideology.” This became especially clear after Baghdadi cast off al-Qaeda's leadership in June 2013. “I chose the command of God over the command that runs against it in the letter,” Baghdadi told al-Qaeda leader Zawahiri, who had tried to bring the rogue commander back into line.
Since, the power of Baghdadi, who some say may soon establish themselves as emir of a new Islamic state, has only grown. As has that of ISIS.
“ISIS's rise at the expense of Zawahiri's movement signals that a new, more dangerous hybrid based on state development by wrecking everything in its path is emerging from the Syrian terrorist incubator,” wrote Theodore Karasik of the Institute for the Near East and Gulf Military Analysis. “Ultimately, ISIS seeks to create an Islamic state from where they would launch a global holy war. Perhaps that war is now beginning as Baghdadi's ISIS eclipses Zawahiri's al-Qaeda.”
Spring 2017 Beautycon Box FULL Spoilers + Coupon
We have a sneak peek at the Spring 2017 Beautycon Box! Beautycon Box is a quarterly beauty subscription box that sends you a curated collection of must-have beauty products. On sale for just $29, the Beautycon Box Spring 2017 box was curated by the amazing Beautycon girl squad and features over $160 worth of products! Here's a sneak peek at the beauty and skincare picks in the Spring box!
Spring 2017 Beautycon Box FULL Box Spoilers
The BrowGal Convertible Brow Palette – Retail: $35
This universal kit has the perfect color for any complexion and hair color. Cargo Cosmetics Around the World EyeShadow Palette – Retail: $34
Perfect for any adventures that awaits, Cargo has got you covered with all the neutrals you'll ever need. With 6 mattes and 6 shimmers, your options are endless! The BrowGal Brow Brush – Retail: $14
This duo ended brush has a firm angled brush for ultimate precision and a spoolie to blend any makeup mishaps. Luxie Rose Gold Fibre Powder Brush – Retail: $22
This stippling brush will have you applying and blending like a pro and is the perfect pair for the IBY Peach Sheen blush! Dirty Little Secret Velvet Matte Liquid Lipstick – Retail: $14
The perfect deep red brick color with a velvet matte finish. IBY Beauty Mineral Pressed Blush in Peach Sheen – Retail: $16
Ready, set, glow. Infused with ultra-fine minerals, this soft, sheer powder blush instantly gives skin a healthy, radiant finish. NUXE Shimmering Dry oil – Retail: $5.50
This dry oil nourishes, softens and illuminates skin and hair in one go. Garnier Skin Active Micellar Makeup Removing Towelettes – Retail: $7
The All-in-1 cleansing and makeup removing power of micellar water is now available in an ultra-gentle wipe. NYX Bright Idea – Retail: $8
Brighten things up with one of the new Bright Idea Illuminating Sticks! OGX Orchid Color Protect Oil Spray – Retail $8
This spray protects your hair from heat damage, adds optimal shine and hydration, and smells amazing!
Beautycon Rose Sticker – Retail:$5.50
Created exclusively for our Spring Box, this sassy rose sticker will add the perfect pop of color to your computer, note book, or any surface your heart desires.
Spring 2017 Beautycon Box Coupon Code
For a limited time, use Beautycon Box coupon code Hello10 to save 10% off your 1st Beautycon Box. Subscribe today!
Rice University researchers are doping graphene with light in a way that could lead to the more efficient design and manufacture of electronics, as well as novel security and cryptography devices.
Manufacturers chemically dope silicon to adjust its semiconducting properties. But the breakthrough reported in the American Chemical Society journal ACS Nano details a novel concept: plasmon-induced doping of graphene, the ultrastrong, highly conductive, single-atom-thick form of carbon.
That could facilitate the instant creation of circuitry — optically induced electronics — on graphene patterned with plasmonic antennas that can manipulate light and inject electrons into the material to affect its conductivity.
The research incorporates both theoretical and experimental work to show the potential for making simple, graphene-based diodes and transistors on demand.
The work was done by Rice scientists Naomi Halas, Stanley C. Moore Professor in Electrical and Computer Engineering, a professor of biomedical engineering, chemistry, physics and astronomy and director of the Laboratory for Nanophotonics; and Peter Nordlander, professor of physics and astronomy and of electrical and computer engineering; physicist Frank Koppens of the Institute of Photonic Sciences in Barcelona, Spain; lead author Zheyu Fang, a postdoctoral researcher at Rice; and their colleagues.
“One of the major justifications for graphene research has always been about the electronics,” Nordlander said. Silicon-based electronics are only possible because it can be p- and n-doped (positive and negative). “We're learning how this can be done on graphene.
“The doping of graphene is a key parameter in the development of graphene electronics,” they said. “You can't buy graphene-based electronic devices now, but there's no question that manufacturers are putting a lot of effort into it because of its potential high speed.”
Researchers have investigated many strategies for doping graphene, including attaching organic or metallic molecules to its hexagonal lattice. Making it selectively — and reversibly — amenable to doping would be like having a graphene blackboard upon which circuitry can be written and erased at will, depending on the colors, angles or polarization of the light hitting it.
The ability to attach plasmonic nanoantennas to graphene affords just such a possibility. Halas and Nordlander have considerable expertise in the manipulation of the quasiparticles known as plasmons, which can be prompted to oscillate on the surface of a metal. In earlier work, they succeeded in depositing plasmonic nanoparticles that act as photodetectors on graphene.
These metal particles don't so much reflect light as redirect its energy; the plasmons that flow in waves across the surface when excited emit light or can create “hot electrons” at particular, controllable wavelengths. Adjacent plasmonic particles can interact with each other in ways that are also tunable.
That effect can easily be seen in graphs of the material's Fano resonance, where the plasmonic antennas called nonamers, each a little more than 300 nanometers across, clearly scatter light from a laser source except at the specific wavelength to which the antennas are tuned. For the Rice experiment, those nonamers — eight nanoscale gold discs arrayed around one larger disc — were deposited onto a sheet of graphene through electron-beam lithography. The nonamers were tuned to scatter light between 500 and 1,250 nanometers, but with destructive interference at about 825 nanometers.
At the point of destructive interference, most of the incident light energy is converted into hot electrons that transfer directly to the graphene sheet and change portions of the sheet from a conductor to an n-doped semiconductor.
Arrays of antennas can be affected in various ways and allow phantom circuits to materialize under the influence of light. “Quantum dot and plasmonic nanoparticle antennas can be tuned to respond to pretty much any color in the visible spectrum,” Nordlander said. “We can even tune them to different polarization states, or the shape of a wavefront.
“That's the magic of plasmonics,” they said. “We can tune the plasmon resonance any way we want. In this case, we decided to do it at 825 nanometers because that is in the middle of the spectral range of our available light sources. We wanted to know that we could send light at different colors and see no effect, and at that particular color see a big effect.”
Nordlander said they foresee a day when, instead of using a key, people might wave a flashlight in a particular pattern to open a door by inducing the circuitry of a lock on demand. “Opening a lock becomes a direct event because we are sending the right lights toward the substrate and creating the integrated circuits. It will only answer to my call,” they said.
Rice co-authors of the paper are graduate students Yumin Wang and Andrea Schlather, research scientist Zheng Liu, and Pulickel Ajayan, the Benjamin M. and Mary Greenwood Anderson Professor in Mechanical Engineering and Materials Science and of chemistry.
The research was supported by the Robert A. Welch Foundation, the Office of Naval Research, the Department of Defense National Security Science and Engineering Faculty Fellows program and Fundacio Cellex Barcelona.
Jennifer Scheurle opened up a can of game-design whoopass on Thursday.
Scheurle, a designer with Opaque Space (whose current project is the virtual reality game Earthlight) tossed out an open question on Twitter that will make you question what really is underneath the hood of your favorite game.
Assassin's Creed and Doom value the last bit of health as more hit points than the rest of it to encourage a feeling of *JUST* surviving. — Jennifer Scheurle (@Gaohmee) September 1, 2017
Given the chance to confess their sins of rubber-banding, regenerating boss health or worse, many developers took it.
Is it ok to mention something we're proud of in our own game? :P In Firewatch, a player not responding to dialogue prompt is a noted choice — Jane Ng (@thatJaneNg) September 1, 2017
Ng (the lead artist for Firewatch) went on to explain that ignoring someone in Firewatch had a consequence and thus made other characters “real.”
the game reacts to non-response, and it helps create a feeling that ignoring someone has social consequence and the other person is "real" — Jane Ng (@thatJaneNg) September 1, 2017
Ever wonder if ratings were meaningful? Alex Trowers, a designer for the racing/car-combat game Hi-Octane on the original PlayStation, also confessed their sins.
Not a mechanic persee, but in Hi Octane we simply displayed different stats for vehicles without ever actually changing them under the hood — Alex Trowers (@BulkPaint) September 1, 2017
Paul Hellquist, designer on BioShock, admitted to goosing the player's health meter to contrive desperate confrontations.
In Bioshock if you had taken your last pt of dmg you instead were invuln for abt 1-2 sec so you get more "barely survived" moments. — Paul Hellquist (@TheElfquist) September 1, 2017
Then Rick Lesley, a designer for Middle-earth: Shadow of Mordor, confessed to the same thing:
In Shadow of Mordor, I would add additional health back to dueling uruk, to artificially extend their fight a bit, for spectacle! — Rick Lesley (@Rick_Lesley) September 1, 2017
Developer Chevy Ray revealed that there is a thumb on the scale when applying the law of gravity.
We have a term called "coyote time" for when the player walks off a platformer ledge and presses jump too late, but the jump still works — Chevy Ray (@ChevyRay) September 1, 2017
Tommy Thompson revealed the secret of Alien: Isolation.
The Xenomorph in Alien: Isolation has two brains one that always knows where you are and gives hints to the second that controls the body :D — Tommy Thompson (@GET_TUDA_CHOPPA) September 1, 2017
and Left 4 Dead.
Oh and Left 4 Dead keeps you on edge by deliberately targeting the player either farthest from the group or who has received less aggro. — Tommy Thompson (@GET_TUDA_CHOPPA) September 1, 2017
Sometimes, it isn't about the game's design. Lee Perry, a gameplay designer on Gears of War, Gears of War 2 and 3, offered this fact.
In Gears, found out 90% of first time players don't play a second multiplayer match if they don't get a kill. That first game's important... — Lee Perry Yo! (@MrLeePerry) September 2, 2017
Even Ken Levine jumped in with this jaw-dropper:
First shots from an enemy against you in BioShock always missed...that was the design, think it got fully implemented. No "out of blue!" — Ken Levine (@levine) September 2, 2017
Steve Thornton, who has worked on five different LEGO video games for Traveller's Tales, spilled these beans:
In some LEGO games, ranged enemies have hit/miss probability - on a miss the projectiles are offset but also have no collision just in case — Good Stevening (@_SteveThornton) September 1, 2017
On and on it goes.
It's like finding out Santa Claus does not exist, but still admiring the lengths to which Mom and Dad went to preserve their myth. There's much more within the original thread.
But I am still waiting for Bob Whitehead to admit that they tried to make it impossible to throw a perfect game in Hardball! on the Commodore 64. Tried. Because I threw one anyway.
A North Carolina mother reportedly had their son arrested for allegedly stealing their Pop-Tarts, Monday, May 20, 2013. Health.com
(CBS) CHARLOTTE, N.C. - Latasha Renee Love, a 37-year-old North Carolina mother, had their son arrested for allegedly stealing their Pop-Tarts, CBS affiliate WBTW reports.
According to a Charlotte-Mecklenburg police report obtained by the station, the mother called authorities and reported their Pop-Tarts were stolen by their juvenile son.
Officers arrested the son and charged them with misdemeanor larceny on last Monday night.
Charlotte police valued the missing Pop-Tarts at $5, the station reports.
Police say Love has had discipline issues with their child in the past. It is unclear if their son had been arrested before.
The misdemeanor case against the boy will reportedly be handled in juvenile court.
NEW YORK CITY — “I figured if I'm going to be homeless, I might as well be homeless for a good reason,” said Matt Kitchens. The Alabama native is one of the hundreds of restless youth Occupying Wall Street, determined that their voices be heard. After finishing trade school, Kitchens, 20, worked as a welder in Mobile's shipyards. They hit the road after that work ran out, and ended up working in a coffee shop in upstate New York. That job ended six months ago. Now he's on Wall Street.
Matt from Philadelphia had a similar story. They worked at a succession of short-lived jobs installing floors, then at a produce market.
Two students from Ithaca, NY, Marie Spoelstra and Sarah Richards are camped out “to protest corporate greed.” says Spoelstra, 20, a sociology major. Them buddy Richards, who works serving up toasted sandwiches at a Subway outlet adds, “We work hard and have nothing to show for it. We're sick of having everything taken from us.”
Esmeralda, Youth Council President of the Mid Manhattan NAACP, and two friends are camping out together. Esmeralda, 17, says she's had “lots of internships, but never a real job.” Them high school is just across the street from Zuccotti Park and she's been joining their friends Chilligan, 19, and Nicole, 20 at the park every day after class.
Nicole Angelo is a 23-year-old college graduate. They haven't been able to find a job since the office that they worked at all the way through college closed in 2009. “It's happening to everybody,” says Angelo. “The system needs a change. Where's our voice in government?” They take a train to their family's home in Westchester County every few days to take a shower and check email, but is committed to the new community she's a part of. “I get even better taken care of here than at home,” they say with a nod toward the “kitchen” area. “There's always a hot meal.”
A whole section of the park is devoted to collecting, preparing and distributing food. As this reporter stood by, a man pushing a toddler in a stroller dropped off a bag of eight steaming hot egg and cheese sandwiches they had just purchased at a nearby deli. Other passersby stuffed $10 and $20 bills in a collection jar.
Dave Anthony takes charge of the bag, carefully arranging the sandwiches on a table for distribution. Anthony, who works afternoons as a chef, says, “I make sure the food is fresh.” There are cartons of coffee, and a veritable buffet of fresh fruit, bagels, and occasional pizzas. Afternoons Anthony goes to work at their restaurant job. Otherwise, they say, “I'm here day and night.” Anthony is still paying the student loans they took out to go to chef school. “I pay on it every month but the number never goes down! I feel that Wall Street should help us,” they continue. “A lot of people here are in debt, especially tuition loans. Some are homeless. We want a future for ourselves and our children.” Anthony said they were drawn to come down to Wall Street “when I saw people protesting for our rights. I've been waiting a long time for something to happen.”
Eric Tucker was resting on an air mattress. They looked amazingly well pressed for a man who's been sleeping out in the rain for six days. Tucker, 22, came with a group from Jersey they say and they especially appreciate the communal spirit of the encampment. They have done work installing solar panels, and a stint at Target, but hasn't had a job in a couple of years. Like the others they didn't seem the least daunted by the hardships of living outside for days and days when it seems to rain at least once every 24 hours. Sometimes when the downpour starts the protestors gather under a construction canopy across the street. Others hang out at a McDonald's that has been friendly. Still others just curl up in their multi colored tarps. Tucker was getting ready to set off for the apartment of a stranger in the neighborhood. They had put an ad on Craigslist appealing to someone in the neighborhood to let them use their shower. Given the positive response from passersby, Tucker wasn't a bit surprised to get a response from a friendly New Yorker.
Photo: Matt Kitchens, 20, of Mobile, Alabama. Roberta Wood/PW
Chinese travelers are spending a whopping 28 per cent of their income on average on international travel, with 90s millennials being the biggest spenders, allocating 35 per cent of their income to travel, says the latest Chinese International Travel Monitor (CITM) report by Hotels.com.
The rise of the Chinese ‘more generation' identified in the report sees Chinese travelers of all age groups traveling more often and for longer, with the number of trips and number of days per trip increasing in the past year from 3 to 4 and from 5 to 7 days, respectively.
This ‘more generation' is providing huge economic benefits to global economies with China seeing 122 million outbound tourists in 2016 – 4 per cent more than in 2015 and a staggering 74 per cent more than in 2011 .
According to CITM, India features in the APAC bucket of popular destinations amongst Chinese travelers – with Hong Kong being the most visited country in APAC region in 2016.
While APAC is still the most popular destination (82 per cent have visited in the past 12 months), the CITM report identified that long-haul trips to Europe and America have increased in popularity. The number of Chinese travelers visiting these destinations in the past 12 months increased by 25 per cent (Europe) and 11 per cent (America) compared to the previous year.
Abhiram Chowdhry, Vice President and Managing Director Asia Pacific and Latin America for the Hotels.com brand says the potential for growth in both the number of Chinese travelers and their spending power is enormous. “Our research has identified that China outbound tourism offers huge economic benefits to many countries across the globe. It's therefore vital that hotels cater for Chinese travelers and develop innovative hotel services that tap into their enormous spending power, while ensuring the sustainability of their businesses – and local travel industry – for the future,” they add.
Video released by IPRA shows an altercation between Chicago Police Officer Khaled Shaar and 59-year-old Terrence Clarke at Portillo's on June 16, 2015.
Video released by IPRA shows an altercation between Chicago Police Officer Khaled Shaar and 59-year-old Terrence Clarke at Portillo's on June 16, 2015.
Associated Press
Washington quarterback Kirk Cousins threw for two touchdowns, ran for a score, and also had an interception as part of an inconsistent performance against their past -- and possibly -- future mentor Kyle Shanahan's winless San Francisco 49ers in a 26-24 victory Sunday.
The Redskins blew a 17-point lead before barely holding on.
Cousins was hardly at their most accurate in completing 25 of 37 passes for 330 yards against the team they have been linked to for next season because of their connection with Shanahan. The 49ers (0-6) remain unsettled at quarterback: Shanahan benched Brian Hoyer for rookie C.J. Beathard, who threw for 245 yards, a touchdown and an interception and nearly led an impressive comeback.
Beathard, a third-round pick out of Iowa and grandson of former Redskins general manager Bobby Beathard, took over for Hoyer with about six and a half minutes left in the first half and the 49ers down 14-0. After Hoyer was 4 of 11 for 34 yards, Beathard went 19 of 36 in their first NFL action.
With the 49ers down by two in the final minute, Beathard led them toward field goal range. They were intercepted by Kendall Fuller on fourth down to seal the result.
The Redskins (3-2) weren't helped by several injuries on defense. They benefited from playing a 49ers team that is now the first in NFL history to lose five consecutive games by three points or fewer. San Francisco's past five losses have come by a combined 13 points.
Preview
The San Francisco 49ers are one of three winless teams in the NFL going into Week 6. The 49ers can post their first win when they face Washington on Sunday (10 a.m. PT/1 p.m. ET, FOX, DirecTV).
The 49ers (0-5) are winless, along with the Cleveland Browns and the New York Giants. They have lost two games in overtime after staging a rally in the fourth quarter. The 49ers have been close in their last four games, losing those games by a combined total of 11 points. Close doesn't cut it in sports, and the continued losing streak could start to wear on the players.
The offense has struggled during the past four games. The 49ers were 4 of 14 on third downs, rushed 22 times for 66 yards and couldn't cross midfield in overtime in the loss to the Colts.
Washington (2-2) lost to Kansas City in Week 4 before having a bye in Week 5. The focus continues to zero in on quarterback Kirk Cousins, who is playing under the franchise tag and a one-year, $23.9 million contract. Cousins has delivered, completing 66 percent of their passes with seven touchdown passes and one interception.
Here's everything you need to know to watch the game, or follow along as we bring you the latest score, live updates, photos and video highlights in the comments section below.
What: San Francisco 49ers vs Washington
When: Sunday, Oct. 15, 10 a.m. PT/1 p.m. ET
Where: FedEx Field, Landover, MD
TV: FOX, DirecTV
Watch online: You can watch the live stream on the NFL's mobile app or DirecTV's NFL app. If the NFL Network is part of your cable package, you can also live stream the game through the NFL app on XBox, Apple TV, or Roku device on your TV.
Local players to watch: San Francisco - DL Arik Armstead (Oregon), DL DeForest Buckner (Oregon), WR Victor Bolden (Oregon State), WR Kendrick Bourne (Milwaukie High School).
Follow along as we bring you live updates and analysis from the game from kickoff through the final whistle in the comments section below. Have thoughts on how the 49ers and Washington are performing? Don't hesitate to jump in on the live updates and chat with us as the game rolls along.
-- Geoffrey C. Arnold | @geoffreyCarnold
PRESCOTT – A man and woman who were living in a $900,000 home that had been foreclosed by the bank claimed they had a legal right to occupy it, but were arrested on Tuesday, April 12, for burglary, theft and criminal theft, a Prescott Police spokesperson said.
Randall Skates, 37, and Jennifer Skates, 45, were found squatting in the house in the 2100 block of Chickadee Lane, Lt. Amy Bonney said.
“The investigation revealed that the Skates' ascribe to a set of beliefs often described as the ‘Sovereign Citizen Movement.' In this case, the Skates' learned that the home was bank owned and unoccupied. They entered the home, claiming it as their own under their beliefs that banks are not people and therefore have no actual right to real property,” Bonney said.
The couple filed a deed for the property, which, Bonney said, gave them no actual legal claim to the house, and put up signs in the windows “indicating their right to be at the home and their willingness to defend the property.”
Witnesses told police they had seen men they thought were armed, patrolling the property.
Bonney said the couple advertised rooms for rent, and at least one person, an 18-year-old woman with a four-month old child, was found there. Police believe they didn't know the Skates' had occupied the home illegally, Bonney said.
Randall and Jennifer Skates were booked into the Camp Verde jail.
Two powerful congressional Republicans want to know more - a lot more - about why and how Environmental Protection Agency officials have for several years erected multiple obstacles to conservative think tanks, media outlets and non-profit activists filing Freedom of Information Act requests with the agency.
"According to documents obtained by the Committees, EPA readily granted FOIA fee waivers for liberal environmental groups - effectively subsidizing them - while denying fee waivers and making the FOIA process more difficult for states and conservative groups," said Sen. David Vitter and Rep. Darrell Issa in a letter today to EPA's acting administrator, Bob Perciasepe.
"This is a clear abuse of discretion. Consequently, the committees request that you immediately take necessary steps to ensure that such manipulation of the FOIA process does not occur in the future," Vitter and Issa wrote.
Reproduction fees covering multiple documents can easily run into the thousands of dollars, which is why Congress included a liberal waiver provision in the original FOIA it approved in 1966 and which remains in the law today.
Issa, a California Republican, is chairperson of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, while Vitter, a Louisiana Republican, is the ranking minority member of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee.
Their concern about EPA's disparate handling of FOIA requests from conservative and liberal requestors was initially sparked by research by Competitive Enterprise Institute Senior Fellow Christopher Horner.
Horner, a long-time critic of EPA and liberal environmental policies, published a book - The Liberal War Against Transparency - last year in which they revealed the use of private email accounts to do official business by EPA officials beginning in the Clinton administration under administrator Carol Browner.
Federal officials are required to disclose such email use to agency FOIA staffs to insure their content is included where appropriate in responses to FOIA requests.
As first reported earlier this week by The Washington Examiner's Michal Conger, a review by committee staff of more than 1,200 FOIA fee waiver requests found that EPA officials waived reproduction fees requested by environmental groups that favor bigger government programs 92 percent of the time.
Fee waiver requests from conservative groups that favor limited government programs, however, were rejected by EPA officials by virtually the same percentage.
Among the favored groups were the Natural Resources Defense Council, Earth Justice, Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility and the Center for Biological Diversity.
Besides CEI, the groups discriminated against by EPA included the Institute for Energy Research, Judicial Watch, the National Center for Public Policy Research and the Franklin Center for Government and Public Integrity.
"The startling disparity in treatment strongly suggests EPA's actions are possibly part of a broader effort to collude with groups that share the agency's political agenda and discriminate against states and conservative organizations. This is a clear abuse of discretion," Vitter and Issa said in their letter.
"Consequently, the Committees request that you immediately take necessary steps to ensure that such manipulation of the FOIA process does not occur in the future," they said.
The EPA inspector general has opened an investigation into the agency's fee waiver policies and procedures.
In the meantime, the two members of congress requested that EPA provides them with copies of all FOIA fee waiver requests on a monthly basis, as well as copies of all documents, including internal emails and memos, concerning such requests from Jan. 21, 2009, through May 16, 2013.
Mark Tapscott is executive editor of The Washington Examiner. They can be reached at mtapscott@washingtonexaminer.com.
Wakayama, Japan (CNN) — "Wakayama? Wakawhat? Wakawhere?"
Overshadowed by the neighboring city of Osaka, this humble Japanese prefecture is home to arguably Japan's most delicious ramen, a 1,700-year-old fire festival and a giant open-air bath fed by a hot spring.
You'll find much of what you need for the complete Japanese experience on this little crescent of land on the southern coast of the country's largest island, Honshu. Here are 11 things to do in this somewhat secret part of Japan
1. Eat Japan's "most delicious" ramen
Ever since Ide Shoten's Wakayama ramen was voted "Japan's most delicious" by a Japanese food show, this humble noodle shop has become sacred ground for ramen lovers. Wakayama ramen has a unique soup base, made with an extremely savory pork bone and soy sauce broth.
But it's generally known to locals as chuka soba -- not ramen -- which means "Chinese noodles" in Japanese. These steaming bowls of soup with their satisfying pork and lard flavor can fast become an addiction.
Cooked eggs and mackerel sushi on tables are the traditional appetizers. Diners just have to report how many they have eaten when it's time to get the bill.
How to get there: Exit from Wakayama JR station, walk straight ahead then turn left at Kokutai Road. Walk straight until you reach Sannen-zaka Dori. Ide Shoten is on the left.
Ide Shoten , 4-84 Tanaka Town, Wakayama City; 11:30 a.m.-11:30 p.m., closed on Thursdays.
2. Learn how to cut fresh tuna
Tuna sashimi never tastes the same after trying the super-fresh version in Wakayama. hiufu wong/cnn
Wakayama's fish markets may not share the fame of their Tokyo counterpart, Tsukiji fish market , but they're just as noteworthy.
Kuroshio-Ichiba Market hosts three entertaining tuna-cutting shows daily. Porto Europa, a Europe-themed amusement park, is another attraction right next door.
The Katsuura Port fish market in the southeast corner of the prefecture is also worth a visit, if only because it's famous for hauling in the biggest tuna in Japan. After viewing the daily tuna auction from the observation area, visitors can sample the goods -- seared tataki, sushi or sashimi -- in Katsuura town.
How to get there: A shuttle bus transports visitors from JR Kainan station (one stop from Wakayama station) to Kuroshio-Ichiba Market. Or take a taxi to Kuroshio-Ichiba Market, which will cost JPY1,300 (US$13). To get to Katsuura, take the JR line to Kii-Katsuura station. The fish market is five minutes away on foot.
Kuroshio-Ichiba Market , Marina City, 1527, Kemi, Wakayama-shi, Wakayama-ken, Japan; open daily, 10 a.m.-5 p.m.; tuna-cutting show at 11 a.m., 12:30 p.m. and 3 p.m.
Katsuura tuna auction, 7-8-2 Oaza Tsuikiji, Nachi-Katsuura Town, Higashimuro District; opens at 7 a.m., closed on Saturday and the day before holidays.
3. Walk Kumano Kodo
Made up of seven routes of various difficulties through the south of Wakayama prefecture, the hike was originally an ancient pilgrimage leading to three major Japanese shrines: Hongu Taisha, Nachi Taisha and Hayatama Taisha.
Our recommended route starts from Tanabe City (Kii-Tanabe JR station) to Nachi Fall (Nachi JR station). The easily navigable routes are dotted with numerous onsen (hot spring) towns, scenic valleys and restaurants serving rustic Japanese cuisine.
4. Cook 'hot spring egg' in a real onsen
There's no better way to whip up a batch of onsen tamago -- or hot spring egg -- than actually boiling it in an onsen. Visitors to Wakayama can do so at the public cooking basin in the Yunomine onsen area, the only UNESCO World Heritage hot spring in the world.
All you need to do is buy eggs and other vegetables from the local store near the hot spring basin -- they come pre-prepared for cooking in a net -- and boil them in the basin. Local residents often buy onsen water ($1 for 10 liters) to bring home for cooking.
How to get there: Take a bus from Take a bus from Tanabe (Kii-Tanabe JR station) or Shingu (Shingu JR station).
5. Check out the Nachi Fire Festival
Wakayama's Nachi Fire Festival , held every July, celebrates the homecoming of the Nachi Waterfall's god. The 1,700-year-old event is considered one of the most sacred festivals in Japan.
Tucked away on Nachi mountain, home to the Nachi Taisha shrine and 133-meter-high falls, the festival involves dozens of young Japanese men carrying 12 gigantic torches up and down the stone staircase that leads to the falls, shouting enthusiastically all the way.
It's quite a sight (and sound). Each torch weighs about 50 kilograms and youngsters have to take a turn carrying one. Locals sit near the stairs on the mountain to cheer on teams. Be there early to secure a good view.
6. Live like a monk
Living (temporarily) in a temple has become the latest trend for travelers to Wakayama.
The holy Buddhist grounds in Koyasan have 52 temple lodgings for visitors seeking a tranquil stay that includes meditation, temple services, Buddhist gardens and vegetarian cuisine. Book your Koyasan temple stay and check train schedules to Koyasan in advance.
7. Enjoy hot springs in the wild
Wakayama has plenty of ancient onsen spots.
Saki-no-yu in Shirahama, south of Wakayama, is a public bath right on the shore of the Pacific. Sennin-buro in Kawayu, southeast of Wakayama city, is a giant 73 C pool right in the river. It's also Japan's biggest open-air bath.
The city of Katsuura has a few onsens with amazing views -- Hotel Nakanoshima , on a small island off the port, has onsens looking over the ocean and Hotel Urashima has an ancient bathing site in a cave.
For a less exposed onsen experience, you can soak your feet in hot spring water while you dine at Ashiyu-Yokocho , a Japanese restaurant/feet onsen in Shirahama.
8. Visit Nitama, the new cat in charge of Kishi station
Tama was a cat that saved Wakayama's little-visited Kishi Train Station from financial ruin when they are, improbably, appointed its stationmaster -- instantly making it a tourist attraction.
Since the feline stationmaster passed away in 2015 , their apprentice Nitama has succeeded to the position, beating several other cat candidates to run Kishi train station in the rural Kinokawa neighborhood. Learn more about the curious story of Tama and Nitama here: The cat that saved a Japanese train station
How to get there: Kishi station is a 30-minute ride from Wakayama City's main train station.
9. Get a castle-view hotel room in Wakayama City
You'll find the best view of Wakayama Castle from the hotels across the road.
Daiwa Roynet Hotel Wakayama and Wakayama Tokyu Inn are two of the best options. Ask for a castle-view when making a reservation. Explore the peaceful castle gardens and the panoramic views from the top once you've checked in.
The castle also hosts exhibitions about the history of the city. There's a small entrance fee (JPY150, or $1.5) but the rest of the park is free to the public.
10. Feast on fruit
Whether you want to try hardcore fruit-picking or just eat a few from the supermarket, an orange-related experience in Wakayama is definitely recommended.
The prefecture is a self-proclaimed kingdom of fruit and produces one of the best varieties of Mandarin oranges in the world. Named after their growing area, Arida are thin-rind mandarins said to have the perfect balance of sweet and sour. The fruit are so delicious and juicy they qualify as a dessert in Japan.
The prefecture also has no shortage of strawberries, grapes and persimmons. And at Minabe , the largest ume (Japanese apricot) producer in Japan, you can get tipsy on lovely ume wine.
Wakayama City, the capital city of Wakayama Prefecture, is about 35 minutes by train from the regional Kansai Airport and 550 kilometers from Tokyo.
11. Go white-water rafting -- while standing up
Think sitting in an inflated raft while rushing down white-water rapids is hardcore? You haven't tried Japan's wildest rafting experience.
Kitayama village offers tourists a chance to sail down the swift currents of Kitayama River on traditional logging rafts. Here's the kicker -- you're not even seated. Riders stand in a line on the sturdy, long wooden rafts, clutching only the metal/wooden handles that rise from the base of the rafts.
The adventure sport was inspired by Japan's traditional lumber industry, in which felled wood was assembled into rafts then sent down the river -- a transport method used for more than 600 years.
Image caption The "indignados" movement has raised tensions as Catalan MPs consider budget cuts
More than 2,000 protesters in Barcelona have tried to blockade the Catalan parliament in a display of anger at regional budget cuts.
The Catalan prime minister, Artur Mas, was among several officials who arrived by police helicopter because protesters were blocking park gates nearby.
Spanish media say police formed a cordon to keep the crowd away from the parliament, which is inside the park.
But some deputies were jostled and heckled on their way in.
A key budget debate got under way after a delay, with only half of the deputies present.
The protest took place at the same time as a similar one in Athens, in which activists tried to encircle the Greek parliament in a futile attempt to stop MPs debating new austerity measures.
Greek protesters known as "the indignants" have taken their lead from the protests that have swept through Spain in recent weeks, bearing the Spanish civil war protest banner "No pasaran" (they shall not pass), alongside Greek and Spanish flags. As in Spain, many young Greek protesters accuse the political establishment of corruption and dodging austerity themselves.
Most of the Barcelona protesters were organised by a youth movement called "los indignados" (the outraged ones), which has staged rallies and sit-ins across Spain in anger at austerity measures.
The Catalan budget for this year envisages a 10% cut in public spending and social welfare, the AFP news agency reports.
Spain has the highest unemployment rate in the EU, at 21%, and in some areas of Spain nearly half of young adults are out of work.
In eight shuttle flights a police helicopter took some 25 deputies and officials in the centre-right government directly to the parliament on Wednesday, the newspaper El Pais reports.
Despite the police cordon, protesters at the gates of Ciutadella Park sprayed one deputy with red paint and daubed a black cross on the coat of another official.
Several hundred protesters had camped outside the park overnight.
MANHATTAN, Kan. — Thanks to a remarkable game by Jacob Pullen, Kansas State's "lost" season may have been found and Kansas' stay at No. 1 may be short.
Pullen, a 6-foot senior guard, scored a career-high 38 points Monday night and led a wire-to-wire charge that sparked the troubled Wildcats to a stunning 84-68 victory over Kansas — just their third win in 45 games against an instated rival that has dominated them for decades and beat them by 24 less than a month ago.
The game came just hours after the Jayhawks replaced Ohio State atop The Associated Press' poll.
Hundreds of fans stormed the court when the final buzzer sounded, creating a temporary mob scene that knocked several media outlets off line.
"I just tried to take good looks, tried to be patient, not overly aggressive but take the shots that were given to me," said Pullen, who was 5 for 6 from the 3-point arc and hit 15 of 19 foul shots. "My teammates did a good job of keeping them honest so they couldn't overly help."
Pullen's total was just one point shy of the 39 that Elvin Hayes scored for Houston against No. 1 UCLA in 1968, which Kansas State research indicated is the most ever scored in a victory over a top-ranked team.
"Shots were falling for me," Pullen said. "I'll take it if people want to say it was my best game. I felt good how we were playing as a team. Other people were stepping up, creating shots off the dribble."
Kansas State shot 56 percent from the field Monday night while upsetting the Jayhawks, who had won 22 of 23 in Bramlage Coliseum.
"Let's just call it what it is. That was a beatdown," Kansas coach Bill Self said. "That was a beatdown. In my opinion, I thought they controlled the game from early on."
Pullen, who ranks in the top five in 17 career categories for Kansas State, had 23 points in a take-charge first half that propelled the Wildcats (17-9, 5-6 Big 12) to a nine-point halftime lead.
Kansas (24-2, 9-2) was unable to get its vaunted inside game in gear after its top scorers, Marcus and Markieff Morris, got in early foul trouble.
Kansas beat Kansas State 90-66 on Jan. 29, but this time the Wildcats, led by an indomitable Pullen, took control from the start.
Pullen, whose previous career high was 34 points, scored in almost possible way in what may have been their finest game as a Wildcat. They also had five assists.
Tyrel Reed had 14 points for Kansas. Marcus Morris had 13 points but Markieff had only three points, and the Big 12's leading rebounder did not get one board.
"Jacob played great," Reed said. "We couldn't stop him. They got to the line 19 times. Give a lot of credit to him. They were the best player in the game."
The unlikely victory halted at least for the moment what had been looking like a disappointing season for Pullen and Kansas State.
Ranked No. 3 in the preseason poll with Pullen the school's first preseason All-America, the Wildcats instead tumbled out of the rankings amid dissension and suspension. Two players have left the team and Pullen was suspended for three games in December for inappropriate discounts at a local clothing store.
But all that was forgotten before a loud, packed house Monday night when Pullen led a first-half 21-6 spree that put the Wildcats in charge for good.
"This game meant a lot for our season," said Rodney McGruder, who had 10 points, including two straight baskets that halted a budding second-half run by the Jayhawks. "This could be a turning point for our season."
Kansas came in leading the nation in shooting at 52.3 percent but the Jayhawks shot only 44 percent against Kansas State.
"If you look at the positive side, we held them to 46 points if Jacob didn't play," Self said with a weak grin. "I don't know that kid very well, but he's got 38 against a team that doesn't deserve to be ranked No. 1 in the country."
With about 12 minutes left, the Wildcats started getting in foul trouble, with Curtis Kelly, McGruder, Jamar Samuels and Jordan Henriquez-Roberts all having three. Samuels picked up their fourth at the 11:33 mark. But Markieff Morris, having their worst game of the season, made only one free throw and the Wildcats led 60-47.
Then, with the crowd getting louder and louder, McGruder scored on a putback and after a Kansas miss, Pulln made it 65-47 with a 3-pointer as the shot clock wound down.
Just as they had done in losing to No. 3 Texas on Jan. 22, the Jayhawks had trouble pounding the ball inside. The Morris twins had two fouls apiece 9 minutes into the game and the Jayhawks were missing 6-9 sophomore Thomas Robinson, who is out with a knee injury. Markieff Morris played only 8 minutes in the first half and didn't score.
Pullen's top game in the Big 12 this season was 22 points, a figure they reached with almost 5 minutes to go in the first half. The 6-0 senior had 11 points in the early run, getting it started with a steal that Shane Southwell converted into a basket. Pullen then drilled two straight 3-pointers and was fouled on another attempt from behind the arc. They made all three foul shots before finishing the flurry with two free throws when Markieff Morris was called for an intentional foul.
Henriquez-Roberts and McGruder both had 10 points.
-- The Associated Press
