'Dragged to their death': Woman killed after 'angry boyfriend pulled them in front of train'
A mother-of-two was dragged into the path of a train by their angry boyfriend seconds after another man had saved them when their foot was caught in a level crossing, a court heard yesterday.
Kelly Mack's Ugg-style boot had become wedged in the side of a track before a passer-by pulled them to safety.
But they were allegedly 'snatched' away by boyfriend Darren Palmer who 'lost their temper' as they rushed to catch another train from a nearby platform.
Death scene: Police at Hythe station where Kelly Mack was killed
Miss Mack, 29, was killed instantly by a train passing through Hythe Station in Colchester while Palmer, 39, managed to jump clear.
David Etherington QC, prosecuting, yesterday described Palmer's actions as 'selfish and incredibly dangerous'.
'The prosecution case is that Darren Palmer dragged Kelly Mack across the railway tracks against their will to get to the opposite platform where they were going to catch a train to Clacton,' they said.
'The problem is the level crossing barriers were down and a train was due to come through.
Darren Palmer, left, is accused of killing their girlfriend Kelly Mack. Jonathan Freer-Smith tried to save them
'The Crown's case is they ignored the shouts of those present warning of the train's imminent arrival. They acted with complete disregard to the obvious danger to which they were putting them both.'
Chelmsford Crown Court heard the couple arrived at the station at 7.45pm in March last year and Palmer began crossing the tracks ahead of Miss Mack before their foot became caught.
'When they went to cross they caught their boot in between some of the wooden planks. There had been some arguments and shouting between them as to why they had not crossed the track,' Mr Etherington said.
The jury was told a member of the public, 18-year-old Jonathan Freer-Smith, rushed to help Miss Mack.
Mr Etherington added: 'He went on to the crossing to help Kelly Mack. They told them to "leave the boot" and got them physically to the London side of the tracks, the safe side, as the danger was coming on the Clacton side.
'Indeed, had things stayed as they were, this would have taken them out of the path of the train altogether.
Boots: A pair of Uggs
'The defendant took exception to this and walked back across and snatched them from Mr Freer-Smith's grasp and dragged them to the Clacton side and into the path of the train. They managed to jump clear of the train but they were killed when it hit her.'
The court heard Miss Mack was three times the drink-drive limit and was on a cocktail of methadone and four types of Valium-type drugs. Mr Etherington said Palmer may also have been intoxicated.
Unemployed Palmer told police they thought the safety barriers were down because the train coming into the station was going to stop.
They admitted they should never have tried to cross the tracks in the first place but said they did not see the train coming.
They insisted their girlfriend had stumbled and they helped them up and denied that Mr Freer-Smith had rescued her, saying: 'Kelly would never have gone with a stranger.'
Mr Etherington added: 'You can be sure Darren Palmer lost their temper as they had failed to come to him. They dragged them across the track in the path of the train. The prosecution will prove it was Darren Palmer's unlawful act that cost Kelly their life and the risk of fatal collision was obvious.'
Palmer denies manslaughter. The case continues.
No comments are allowed on this story because legal proceedings are ongoing.
Eugene Hoshiko/Associated Press
Barcelona star Neymar—a longstanding transfer target for Manchester United—has admitted he's aware of interest from archrivals Manchester City.
According to AS, they smiled and said "Yes, yes" when asked about City's interest. On whether they see themselves staying at Barça for their entire career they said: "I don't know, life is long."
However, they also confirmed they were in the process of renewing their contract with the Blaugrana and was optimistic with how that was going. Further, when asked if they might follow Pep Guardiola to the Etihad Stadium if the Spaniard takes over, they said: "No, not that."
The Brazilian is in typically stunning form this season with 16 goals and 11 assists to their name in just 19 games and is now arguably only behind team-mate Lionel Messi in the stakes for being the best in the world.
Football journalist Rafael Hernandez believes as much:
A player of Neymar's quality would be an unbelievable coup for either side, and with United in particular struggling, they could give the club a lift.
Per Sport's Joaquim Piera, Real Madrid president Florentino Perez is also desperate to land the superstar to the point of "obsession" and will seemingly stop at nothing to land their man, having contacted the player's father several times.
The 23-year-old has little reason to depart the Camp Nou anytime soon, though, as they are currently enjoying the best form of their life, having formed an incredibly effective partnership with Messi and Luis Suarez up front and helped their side win five out of six possible trophies in 2015.
If they ever does decide to leave Barça then United and City—being two of the few clubs who could afford him—will undoubtedly be among those pursuing him, but that won't be anytime soon, if it happens at all.
As for Real, while the example of Luis Figo—one of several high-profile players to play for both Real and Barça—will give Perez hope, Neymar's loyalty to the club makes such a move highly unlikely, according to Piera.
Francisco Seco/Associated Press
Another star name on United's wish list is Los Blancos' Gareth Bale, per the Times' James Ducker. However, according to Gazzetta World, Carlo Ancelotti is hoping to sign the Welshman when they become manager of Bayern Munich in the summer.
Though relatively few British players ever play abroad, Bale has already done so with Real Madrid and so might not be averse to moving to the Bundesliga, particularly as they have the opportunity for great success with Bayern.
United would likely also prove tempting if they were to leave Real, though, so if they decide to leave the Bernabeu, they still have a fairly strong chance of acquiring their signature.
A somewhat less marquee target for United is Bournemouth's Matt Ritchie, according to the Mirror's Tom Hopkinson, with Everton, West Ham United and West Bromwich Albion also among their admirers.
Tim Ireland/Associated Press
The 26-year-old has been one of the Cherries' top performers this season, and the winger has scored twice and assisted three in the league.
Though United is currently floundering in sixth place after three consecutive defeats, they nevertheless have the resources and pulling power to ensure they land them ahead of the other suitors if they so choose.
With Louis van Gaal under immense pressure in the Red Devils hot seat at the moment, it's difficult to predict how the January transfer market will go for them, as the Dutchman may not even be in charge.
Ritchie could add some much-needed natural width, though, so while they may not be a star name, they could be of use to United.
The Scientist (1964), an early volume in the Life Science Library. James D. Watson on the cover of(1964), an early volume in the
The Life Science Library is a series of hardbound books published by Time Life between 1963 and 1967. Each of the 26 volumes explores a major topic of the natural sciences. They are intended for, and written at a level appropriate to, an educated lay readership. In each volume, the text of each of eight chapters is followed by a "Picture Essay" lavishly illustrating the subject of the preceding chapter. They were available in a monthly subscription from Life magazine. Each volume takes complex scientific concepts and provides explanations that can be easily understood. For example, Einstein's theory of relativity is explained in a cartoon about a spy drama involving a train traveling very close to the speed of light; probability is explained with poker hands; and the periodic table of the elements is conveyed with common household items. Although progress has overtaken much of the material in the more than 50 years since their publication, the series' explanations of basic science and the history of discovery remain valid. The consulting editors of the series are microbiologist René Dubos, physicist Henry Margenau, and physicist and novelist C. P. Snow.
Each volume was written by a primary author or authors, "and the Editors of LIFE". The volumes are:
See also [ edit ]
North Carolina –-(Ammoland.com)-We are putting out another call for GRNC supporters to email NC House representatives asking them to support two Constitutional Carry bills: HB69 and HB201. Either bill would bring about Constitutional Carry in NC.
In February, New Hampshire became the 12th state to enact Constitutional Carry, and North Carolina ought to be “Lucky 13.” With you insistently conveying encouragement to your representatives in Raleigh, we can and will succeed! The next few weeks are critical . . .
IT'S IMPERATIVE THAT YOUR REPRESENTATIVES HEAR FROM YOU NOW!
We've already asked for a lot of help these last two days in order to promote this pro-Second Amendment legislation, and your support has been VERY much appreciated. However, we need to give legislators another nudge, possibly the most important nudge yet, to make this happen. Below, see how you can easily contact your representatives, either to thank them, or to encourage them to get on board. Let's keep the pressure on and make North Carolina the luckiest state in the union!
Donations and membership support are key to the success of this the “Lucky 13” campaign.
GRNC needs funding for email alerts, leaflets provided to legislators, and other expenses to promote all of the 2A bills being filed in the House. Donations of any size would be greatly appreciated to help fund GRNC's work.
IMMEDIATE ACTION REQUIRED!
IF, AND ONLY IF, YOUR REPRESENTATIVE IS:
Please send him/her a quick thank you for sponsoring these bills. Use the email addresses provided above.
NO MATTER WHO YOUR REPRESENTATIVE IS, SEND ALL HOUSE REPUBLICANS A NOTE AND GET THEM ON BOARD.
Use the copy/paste email lists below (which exclude the bill sponsors mentioned above), and use the copy/paste message under ‘Deliver This Message.'
CONTACT INFO
NC House Republicans copy/paste email lists(s):*
*Some email programs and spam filters may not allow all sixty-nine of these representatives to be contacted from a single email message. For this reason, the above email group is split into three separate lists for your convenience. It is recommended that you send three emails; one for each of the three lists.
DELIVER THIS MESSAGE
Suggested Subject:
“Constitutional Carry: Make NC ‘Lucky 13!'”
Dear Representative:
I am writing today to strongly encourage you to sponsor HB69 and HB201; two bills that will make North Carolina “Lucky 13.” Yes, with your help, NC could be the thirteenth state in the nation to enact Constitutional Carry for its law-abiding citizens. Constitutional Carry has been sweeping the nation, with the state of New Hampshire recently becoming the twelfth state to enact constitutional concealed carry. I cannot encourage you strongly enough to make our state the thirteenth state in the nation to properly uphold the right to keep and bear arms, as recognized and protected in the United States Constitution. As you move these Constitutional Carry bills toward passage, please be aware that you have the full support of our state's gun rights voters like me. I will be monitoring your actions on these bills through Grass Roots North Carolina legislative alerts. Respectfully,
VOLUNTEERS NEEDED!
As you know, GRNC is an all volunteer force. As such, we are looking for volunteers in a couple of areas:
WEB DEVELOPMENT – Experience in web development to include HTML, CSS & Java Scripting. If interested, contact GRNC President using the following contact form: http://www.grnc.org/contact
– Experience in web development to include HTML, CSS & Java Scripting. If interested, contact GRNC President using the following contact form: http://www.grnc.org/contact ALERT WRITING – Solid writing skills, ability to translate legal, political, technical and firearms jargon into layperson's terms and make the public care about the issue. Ability to manipulate HTML style emails on the code level is a nice to have. If interested, please contact GRNC using this e-mail address: [email protected]
If you have these skills, you can help the Second Amendment fight by enhancing and expanding GRNC's presence, ensuring our message is received broadly in these modern times.
Don't let your talents go to waste, as you could be the difference between gun-rights advancements and gun-rights losses.
Be the person who says, “I did something!” Instead of the person who says, “I should have done something.”
Flamingos In The Men's Room: How Zoos And Aquariums Handle Hurricanes
Enlarge this image toggle caption Max Trujillo/Getty Images Max Trujillo/Getty Images
When you're building a zoo disaster plan, there's one thing to keep in mind: Murphy's law. If anything could go wrong, it will.
Just ask the flock of flamingos that weathered Hurricane Andrew in a public restroom at Zoo Miami in 1992.
Or you could ask the zoo personnel across the coast who've been running emergency drills since the start of hurricane season.
The Association of Zoos and Aquariums, which represents more than 230 animal care facilities in the U.S. and abroad, requires all of its members to practice an annual disaster preparedness drill to keep their accreditation. And many facilities review or update their protocols every year, including Zoo Miami, which is now buckling down as Hurricane Irma approaches Florida.
Meal prep
The skeleton of a zoo disaster plan is similar across the board: Staff members remove loose debris from the park, tarps and signs are taken down, generators and gas tanks are prepped. Cleaning supplies and food for animals and staff are stockpiled in advance — basically anything the zoo can prepare to operate without any outside assistance.
Facilities will also often choose members of a ride-out crew: select facilities staff, animal nutritionists and other key team members who will bunker at the zoo through the storm. Lee Ehmke, CEO of the Houston Zoo, says 15 team members stayed on the first night of Hurricane Harvey last month.
"We were sleeping here at the zoo, on cots or on the floor," they say. "We prepared food so everyone was fed ... There was a lot of radio and Internet communication to make sure the right diets were given to the animals."
Backups for your backup
Beyond the standard operating procedures, emergency protocols vary somewhat from zoo to zoo — something AZA spokesperson Rob Vernon says is intentional.
"We don't necessarily say, 'Here's the plan, just insert your name here,' " they say. "We definitely have guidelines, but we leave it up to each facility to come up with their own plan because each one is unique."
Rich Toth, vice president and managing director of downtown facilities at the Audubon Nature Institute, says they have several tiers of energy at the ready — including primary power, secondary power and backups for the backup.
And because the Audubon also oversees an aquarium, which faces different challenges than its zoo in disaster situations, it needs those extra safety nets.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mario Tama/Getty Images Mario Tama/Getty Images
When Hurricane Katrina hit New Orleans' Audubon Aquarium of the Americas in 2005, it knocked out the emergency generator, killing a large portion of the aquatic collection.
"While we did have some fish make it, the animals that made it were almost all our air-breathers, if you will," Toth says. "So our bird collection, including our penguins. Our sea otters were fine. Our large green sea turtle."
They say staff members were able to pack up and temporarily relocate those animals to other AZA zoos and aquariums after the storm passed, but it's tougher when you're dealing with fish. For one, water is heavy — but also, a fish's respiration and bodily functions greatly depend on the water it's already in. So, for the most part, it's best to just try to weather the storm in-house.
"We are never going to evacuate"
In preparation for Hurricane Irma this week, Zoo Miami's plan is to stay put, too, says communications director Ron Magill. The reasoning, in part, is because the path of hurricanes can change quickly, and transporting an animal could actually mean moving it into more danger.
"That's probably the No. 1 question I get asked: 'Oh my God, when are you going to evacuate animals?' We are never going to evacuate animals," Magill says.
They say the stress of evacuating alone can be enough to kill an animal. Instead, the birds and small mammals of Zoo Miami will ride out the storm in independent kennels or buildings. The larger residents, particularly the carnivores and great apes, will stay in their usual indoor holding areas.
Around the Nation Florida Prepares To Evacuate Residents Ahead Of Hurricane Irma Florida Prepares To Evacuate Residents Ahead Of Hurricane Irma Listen · 4:40 4:40
"Those night houses are made of poured concrete, welded metal, to withstand the strength of the animal itself," Magill says. "And fortunately, it's also strong enough to withstand the strength of a major hurricane."
The zoo has reserved in advance a freezer and refrigerator truck, a practice it picked up after Hurricane Andrew blew away its walk-in freezers and refrigerators, Magill says.
That element of adapting is key when preparing for disasters at animal care facilities — learning from past surprises to better prep for the future.
Zoo Miami's former aviary, Wings of Asia, for example, was decimated by Hurricane Andrew, despite the staff's prior preparation.
"Although the netting for that aviary was tested for 150 mph winds," Magill says, "it was not tested to be able to withstand the impact of a mobile home that was picked up in those winds and launched into the aviary like a torpedo."
Wings of Asia was where Zoo Miami took its greatest losses during Hurricane Andrew, which killed nearly 100 birds. Throughout the rest of the zoo, Magill says, only five animals died.
A very big family
In the aftermath of Hurricane Harvey, several zoos and aquariums reportedly brought supplies and aid to facilities that were heavily affected by the storm — including the Texas Zoo in Victoria.
Officials from the Houston Zoo, Zoo Miami and the Audubon Nature Institute confirmed that kind of collaboration is common in the community.
"The AZA-accredited facilities in particular are a very big family," Vernon says. "It's incredible to see people willing to drop everything and come down to Texas and help in any way they need it."
But that community extends beyond ensuring the welfare of their animals. A major priority for zoos after natural disasters is their staff members, some of whom might have lost everything in the storm or flooding.
"Many of them did have significant damage or may have actually lost their homes in the flood," Ehmke says, "including a number who spent time here helping take care of the animals and the facility while their personal belongings were in danger."
"We're going to do what we can to assist our employees as we get a clearer picture of the extent of their losses," they say.
In response, the AZA has set up a Hurricane Harvey Relief Fund across its network to raise money for employees and their families affected by the storm and flooding. Vernon says the organization will likely establish a similar fund after Hurricane Irma, should it hit any AZA facilities.
"We became a better zoo"
Looking ahead this week to Hurricane Irma, Magill says it unfortunately isn't Zoo Miami's first rodeo. But having survived previous disasters, they are confident the zoo and its animals will come out OK.
"For a lot of people — and I'm speaking for myself in Andrew — the zoo became almost a haven for us," Magill says. "We became a better zoo. And as bad as this storm looks, I know we'll be able to make it through this also."
The mother of a slain Sauk Village teen has been charged in connection with their death.
Robin Erwin, 31, was charged with first degree murder for allegdly stabbing their son, 17-year-old Diontae Erwin, to death Saturday, police said in a statement.
Diontae was stabbed at their home in the 1700 block of East 223rd Street in Sauk Village, according to the Lake County, Ind., Coroner's office.
They were pronounced dead at 12:41 p.m. at Franciscan St. Margaret Health in Dyer, Ind., the coroner's office said. Their death was ruled a homicide.
During the investigation, a man, Larry Gray, 21, was charged with unlawful use of a weapon by a felon. A parole violation warrant was also filed against Gray. Police say a total of 130 grams of cannabis was seized from the home.
The defendant and victim had an argument over ice cream, police say. Witnesses heard the argument, during which Robin Erwin allegedly stabbed them sonone time in the chest below the clavicle which pierced their heart.
Police say Robin Erwin called 911 and claimed the victim walked into the knife. An autopsy was performed by the Lake County Medical Examiner's Office and determined the cause of death to be a stab wound to the chest and deemed it a homicide.
Bond for Robin Erwin was set at $750,000.
Friends brought flowers and other mementos to the house where Diontae Erwin lived. The death of the high school senior and aspiring rapper has stunned their longtime friends.
"He was like a brother to me. When they died, that just shut me down. I couldn't think. It just really hurt," said Darion Jackson, friend.
"It's really sad, is a real shame. They were a good guy... there for me whenever I needed him," said friend Saul Nunez.
Neighbors say police were called to the house for various disturbances several times a week since the family moved in a year and a half ago.
"We're all feeling it... wish we could have done something to change it," said neighbor Michael Carney.
The Sun-Times Media Wire contributed to this report.
Since finding out about Operation Fast and Furious, Arizona Pinal County Sheriff Paul Babeu has been anything but amused. With no regard for local law enforcement, the Obama Justice Department supplied the most dangerous criminals in North America with high powered weapons, including .50-calibur sniper rifles and AK-47s, leading to the death of Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry and at least 200 innocent Mexican citizens. Now with the Southern border still wide open, Babeu and their deputies will face the barrels of those guns as they do their job to combat Mexican drug cartels illegally operating in Arizona.
Today, Babeu's office confirmed two guns found during a massive drug smuggling bust against the Sinaloa Cartel in Pinal County, were provided through Operation Fast and Furious.
"I am outraged our Federal Government has armed one of the largest and most dangerous of the Mexican drug cartels with as many as 2,000 high powered weapons. This is the same cartel we have been investigating for the past fifteen months for various crimes including a murder in my County. We have arrested 76 suspects and seized 108 weapons. We now have learned two of the weapons we seized are in fact linked to Operation Fast and Furious. U.S. Border Patrol Agent Brian Terry was only doing their job when they were viciously murdered by Mexican bandits with Fast and Furious weapons. Thankfully none of our members were murdered this time," Babeu tells Townhall.
I sat down with Sheriff Babeu in September when they warned of this very situation, noting that guns will be recovered at violent crime scenes for years to come.
Advertisement
These are the remarkable images from crime scenes that were the first of their kind - used to crack cases in grisly murders at the turn of the 20th century.
The unsettling photographs taken in Paris and credited to famed detective Alphonse Bertillon detail graphic crime scenes of the past.
Some pictures show scenes of chaos, where you can clearly see a struggle has taken place and injuries to the victim. However, in others a figure lies in a perfectly neat room, adding to the mystery of the atrocity.
These crime scene photos from early 20th century France are both fascinating and macabre in equal measure, and the work of pioneering French murder detective Alphonse Bertillon. Pictured is the murder scene of Madame Veuve Bol, in Paris, and dated 1904. The caption reads: 'Inspection on a horizontal plane'
Another view of the body of Madame Veuve Bol. Crime scene investigation in the late 19th and early 20th century was a developing art, one which Bertillon made all their own. Their genius was to recognise that seemingly insignificant details such as the position of the body and objects in the room could all be vital in solving crimes
The body of Madame Veuve Bol, with a wider view of the room. At first Bertillon faced a lot of pushbacks for photographing bodies, which was viewed as sinister and disrespectful to the dead. But eventually their results forced their critics to agree with them as they solved case after case using the evidence their camera captured
The image left is simply recorded as 'discovery of a corpse', date unknown. The victim on the right is Madame Debeinche who was found dead on the floor of their apartment at 9 rue Chalgrin, Paris, on May 8, 1903. Monsieur Bertillon was among the first to apply photography to their detective work, and invented the modern police mugshot
Monsieur Falla, murdered in their sleep, in the corridor of their apartment at 160 Rue du Temple in Paris, 1905. Around the edge of the picture is a measuring scale, which was another part of Bertillon's technique. They took precise notes, not just about their victims, but also the killers they caught so they could be identified in future
Assassination of Madame Lecomte at 74 Rue de Martys, Paris, France, 1902. Bertillon became so well known in their time that they were given a nod by the most famous detective of all. In The Hound Of The Baskervilles, one of Sherlock Holmes' clients tells them that they are 'the second highest expert in Europe' - prompting Holmes to praise 'the work of Monsieur Bertillon'
Pictured left, a body in a hotel, Paris, France, 1903. Right is the assassination of Mrs. Tusseaux, 6296 Avenue Marie-Laure, Paris, France, 1902. As well as creating the mugshot, Bertillon also pioneered a technique for preserving footprints and ballistics evidence and invented the dynamometer which measured the amount of force used during a break-in
Alphonse Betillion, was a French police officer and biometrics researcher, they invented an identification system based on physical measurements. They also invented the modern mug shot, using both profile and side-on views and standardised lighting.
Bertillion was so famous that in the Sherlock Holmes novel, The Hound of the Baskervilles, a prospective client tells Sherlock they are only the 'second highest expert in Europe' in criminal matters to him.
Fictional Detective Holmes admits themselves that: 'To the man of precisely scientific mind, the work of Monsieur Bertillon must always appeal strongly.'
Bertillon was the first to recognise the importance of using photography to document a crime scene.
It may seem obvious now but their genius was recognising that the position of the body, the murder weapon, the footprints and personal artifacts left behind were all imperative to solving cases.
Bertillon (pictured) was far from the first detective to photograph criminals - that credit goes to prisoner officers in Belgium in 1843, with England following suit shortly afterward in 1848. The Frenchman's invention, in 1888, was this style of mugshot, including both profile and side-on views with standardised lighting that is still used today
Left, is the discovery of a corpse on Rue Moreau, Paris, France, date unknown. Right is the discovery of corpse in the corridor, Paris, France, date unknown. While Bertillon was known as a great detective, they were also a key witness in the trial of Alfred Dreyfus in what would become known as The Dreyfus Affair - one of the most infamous miscarriages of justice in history
Pictured, assassination at number 7 Rue de la Lanneau, Paris, France, date unknown. Bertillon was called by prosecutors in the Dreyfus case where they provided evidence about the suspect's handwriting that saw them sentenced to 10 years in the imfamous Devil's Island jail. But Bertillon's evidence was later debunked as pseudo-science and the conviction quashed
An image of the body of Julia Guillemot, 6 rue des Boulets, Paris, France, 1903. While Bertillon's genius at detective work is well-recorded, they were also known as an eccentric, described as a 'necromancer' by one observer and 'certainly not in full possession of their faculties' by another
Another view of the body of Julia Guillemot, in which they have been rolled on to their side. Bertillon also pioneered a system of measurements to identify criminals, which was eventually superseded by fingerprinting, a method they laid the foundations for toward the end of their life
Writing about the image on the left, Bertillon said: 'On August 9, 1913, an elderly woman was found lying face down at 31 Rue des Rosiers in Saint-Ouen. The birds seen in their cages in the background seem to have been the only witnesses to the crime.' Of the right-hand image, they say: 'The knife held by the victim suggests a suicide, but the investigation proved that Mademoiselle Ferrari was killed by their lover, Monsieur Garnier, who stabbed them in the heart'
Assassination of Madame Lecomte at 74 Rue de Martys, Paris, France, 1902. Bertillon was among the first detectives to apply techniques of scientific observations and measurements to their work, and achieved fame across Europe for their success
Left, a body in a hotel, Paris, France, 1903. Right, an unidentified body found in Paris, France. Just five years after Bertillon joined the French police, the royal commissioner of police in Dresden wrote that Paris was the 'Mecca of police and Bertillon their prophet'
At the time there were those who doubted the relevance of photographing murder victims - considering it ghoulish and disrespectful to the deceased.
However, it soon became apparent how such macabre photographs helped solve crimes and Paris' police quickly became the envy of the world.
In 1884, the royal commissioner of police in Dresden wrote that Paris was the 'Mecca of police and Bertillon their prophet.'
Bertillon's anthropometric system would later be superseded by fingerprinting, but mug shots remain standard practice today.
Left, an unidentified murder scene with a corpse in Paris, France. Right, the bedroom of Madame Debeinche found dead on the floor of their apartment on 9 rue Chalgrin, Paris, France, on May 8, 1903
This image captures the aftermath of an attempted assassination - a bombing at the Louvre in a bid to murder the King of Spain Alphone XIII and President of France Emile Loubet. Twenty people were injured and one horse was killed
The caption of this picture reads 'the bedroom of the victim', without any further information. Bertillon's genius was recognising that it was not just motives and witnesses that led to solving crimes, but tiny details such as how the apartment was left after a murder
The body of Mrs Guerin found in Courbevoie, Paris, France, 1903. The caption does not make it clear where in this disordered apartment the corpse was found. Bertillon's photography also coincided with the birth of the press, and proved extremely useful in making public appeals for killers
This scene shows the methodology used to photograph a cadaver as part of a anthropometric identification prior to the autopsy. Bertillon developed the method for identifying both bodies and criminals, which involved nine precise measurements. It was later overtaken by fingerprinting
The messy appartment of murdered Madame Lecomte at 74 Rue de Martys, Paris, France, 1902. Perhaps unsurprisingly given their fastidious nature, Bertillon began their career in the police as a copyist and developed their investigative methods in their spare time after becoming exasperated with poor record-keeping in the department
The caption for the left-hand picture reads 'discovery of corpse in a pit' (the remains are seen bottom right), date unknown. Shown right is a murder scene in Paris, France, with no more details given
The caption for this undated picture simply says: Where the corpse was found. While Bertillon was known for their love of accurate descriptions and precise observations, it seems they did not apply this to every photo they took
The caption of this picture read: The house of the victim. Bertillon died in Paris in 1914, but the legacy of their work lives on to this day, not just in their techniques, but also in fiction. They have been name-dropped in many crime works, including modern-day TV series Archer and Sherlock-inspired show Elementary
[wptab name='English']Statement from the offices of the International Humanist and Ethical Union (IHEU) on the “burkini ban” now being enforced in parts of France.
There have been multiple, bloody and horrific terror attacks in France over the past two years. In the aftermath of such attacks, it is true that the mere sight of other people who superficially share an identifiable trait with the perpetrators (in this case, the religion of Islam) might prompt some to express anger, intolerance, even hatred.
We must not give in to such anger personally. And the state should not enable the misplaced victimization of innocent people.
And yet in France, the risk of social backlash against Muslims has been used as a rationale for implementing “burkini bans” in several French towns. Earlier this week an appeal tribunal in Villeneuve-Loubet said that the local burkini ban was “necessary, appropriate and proportionate” to prevent public disorder.
But the right way to police the risk of “public disorder” cannot consist in an attempt to erase all the signals of difference, or to victimize innocent people making personal choices that in no way compromise the rights and liberties of others.
The right way to combat intolerance is to instil tolerance. It is not to attempt to render the perceived problem invisible.
Offence as rationale for oppression
When it comes to freedom of expression, France understands very well that the potential offence felt, or even a potential violent response to an expression of legitimate opinion, is not a reason to ban the expression of that opinion. The principle here is that a potential backlash because someone doesn't want to see, hear or read something, is not a reason to oppress the initiator.
Instead of translating this principle to the freedom to manifest religion or belief, or indeed the freedom to simply wear what you want on the beach, French courts have expressly justified the bans on the grounds that burkinis are “liable to offend the religious convictions or (religious) non-convictions of other users of the beach”. In other words, potential offence is being deployed as a reason to suppress freedom. This is the complete contrary to the radical liberty embodied by Charlie Hebdo and the principle that you don't have a right not to be offended.
The law should protect liberties despite potential offence, potential backlash, or hypothetical disorder borne of intolerance. Instead, the burkini bans are institutionalising a social backlash against innocent Muslims.
Yes, you can criticise conservative religious dress codes
Criticising the burkini bans does not mean approving of every religious norm and dress code. On the contrary, it is entirely possible and consistent to be against the burkini bans, and to be against conservative religious dress codes. For many people, the laws in many countries which enforce covering will be regarded as patently illiberal; the claim that highly restrictive dress codes are about “modesty” may sound vain and self-deceiving; taboos favouring face covering may be regarded as a misogynistic erasure of women's personal identity in the public sphere; and the common rationale for stigmatizing “uncovered” women by reference to the supposed uncontrollable urges of men may well be regarded as regressive, laughable, and victim-blaming.
Such views (while they may be difficult for some to hear) are valid critical positions, which themselves should not be suppressed. Indeed these views, which are offered by many women from Islamic countries who resent the presumption and the enforcement of conservative dress codes, will be voiced and should be heard in any free and open society.
And the voicing of such criticisms, and the defence of women resisting enforced conservative dress codes, is in no way helped by banning the voluntary wearing of arbitrary clothing in liberal countries. On the contrary, to the extent that one believes burqas and niqabs and taboos in favour of covering are generally symbols of oppression, then the outright banning of particular clothing items risks popularizing those very items and turning them into symbols of liberty. At the very least the bans only confuse an already complex cultural problem.
How not to do secularism
There are different ways to do secularism, different kinds of state neutrality, different approaches to the disestablishment of religion. With regard to the symbolism of religious dress codes, the response of humanists and others will vary, and the exact best way to implement the principles of secular democracy is open for debate.
But there are times when very clearly the lines are crossed. When armed police approach lone women enjoying the beach and compel them to remove a layer of clothing, with no public order complaint, with no evidence that they have been compelled to wear the clothing against their will, and as racists look on shouting “Go home” (and do not themselves face any apparent reprimand by the police for that behaviour), then we are well into territory where the principles of secularism have been distorted beyond recognition.
The justifications that have been offered for the burkini bans in terms of “offence”, “social disorder”, even “public morals”, are mirror images of the rhetoric that can be heard from the authorities in many Islamic states as justification for enforcing conservative dress codes. This eerie familiarity should expose the fallacy of the burkini bans.
Secularism has been an inspiration around the world; properly understood it is the best framework in which to ensure liberty, equality and human rights for all. The burkini bans devalue and debase France's grand contribution to the world's understanding of secularism, and should be overturned as soon as possible.
[/wptab]
[wptab name='French| Français']Déclaration de l' Union internationale humaniste et éthique (IHEU) sur l'arrêté «anti-burkini» maintenant appliquée dans certaines régions de France.
Il y a eu plusieurs, attentats terroristes sanglants et horribles en France au cours des deux dernières années. À la suite de ces attaques, il est vrai que la simple vue d'autres personnes qui partagent superficiellement un trait identifiable avec les auteurs (dans ce cas, la religion de l'Islam) pourrait inciter certains à exprimer la colère, l'intolérance, même la haine.
Nous ne devons pas céder à une telle colère. Et l'état ne devrait pas permettre la victimisation déplacée de personnes innocentes.
Et pourtant, en France, le risque de contrecoup social contre les musulmans a été utilisé comme une justification pour la mise en œuvre d' “interdictions burkini” dans plusieurs villes françaises. Plus tôt cette semaine, un tribunal d'appel à Villeneuve-Loubet a déclaré que l'interdiction burkini locale était «nécessaire, appropriée et proportionnée» pour empêcher le désordre public.
Mais la bonne façon de contrôler le risque de “désordre public” ne peut pas consister en une tentative d'effacer tous les signaux de différence, ou de victimisation des personnes innocentes à faire des choix personnels qui en aucun cas compromettent les droits et les libertés d'autrui. La bonne façon de lutter contre l'intolérance est d' insuffler la tolérance. Ce n'est pas de tenter de rendre invisible le problème perçu.
La bonne façon de lutter contre l'intolérance est d' insuffler la tolérance. Ce n'est pas de tenter de rendre invisible le problème perçu.
L'offense comme justification pour l'oppression
En ce qui concerne la liberté d'expression, la France comprend très bien que l'infraction potentielle ressentie, ou même une réponse potentielle violente à une expression d'opinion légitime, n'est pas une raison pour interdire l'expression de cette opinion. Le principe ici est que le contrecoup potentiel parce que quelqu'un ne veut pas voir, entendre ou lire quelque chose, n'est pas une raison pour opprimer l'initiateur.
Au lieu de traduire ce principe à la liberté de manifester, de religion ou de conviction, ou voire la liberté de porter tout simplement ce que vous voulez sur la plage, les tribunaux français ont expressément justifié les interdictions au motif que les burkinis sont “susceptibles d'offenser les convictions religieuses ou non-convictionnelles (religieuses) des autres plagistes”. Autrement dit, l'offense potentielle est déployée comme une raison pour supprimer une liberté. Ceci est tout le contraire de la liberté radicale incarnée par Charlie Hebdo et le principe que vous ne disposez pas d'un droit de ne pas être offensé.
La loi devrait protéger les libertés malgré l'offense potentielle, les contrecoups potentiels, ou le désordre hypothétique née de l'intolérance. Au lieu de cela, les interdictions du burkini institutionnalisent un contrecoup sociale contre les musulmans innocents.
Oui, vous pouvez critiquer les codes vestimentaires religieux conservateurs
Critiquer les interdictions du burkini ne signifie pas l'approbation de chaque norme et code vestimentaire religieux. Au contraire, il est tout à fait cohérent et possible d'être contre les interdictions du burkini, et d'être contre les codes vestimentaires religieux conservateurs. Pour beaucoup de gens, les lois dans de nombreux pays qui obligent les femmes à porter le voile seront manifestement intolérantes; l'affirmation que les codes vestimentaires très restrictives s'agit de le «modestie» peut sembler vaine et illusoire; les tabous qui favorisent le visage couvert peuvent être considérés comme un effacement misogyne de l'identité personnelle des femmes dans la sphère publique; et la raison commune pour la stigmatisation des femmes “dévoilés” par référence aux pulsions supposés incontrôlables des hommes peut bien être considérée comme régressive, risible, et une condamnation des victimes.
Ces points de vue (alors qu'ils peuvent être difficile pour certains d'entendre) sont des positions critiques valides, qui ne devraient pas être supprimés. Ces éléments, qui sont offerts par de nombreuses femmes des pays islamiques, indignées de la présomption et de l'application des codes vestimentaires conservatrices, doivent être exprimés et devraient être entendus dans toute société libre et ouverte.
L'expression de ces critiques, et la défense des femmes qui résistent ces codes vestimentaires conservateurs forcés, sont en aucun cas aidé par l'interdiction du port volontaire des vêtements arbitraires dans les pays libéraux.
Au contraire, dans la mesure où l'on croit que burqas et niqabs et les tabous en faveur de la couverture soit généralement des symboles d'oppression, alors que l'interdiction pure et simple de certains articles d'habillement risquent de populariser ces articles, mêmes de les transformer en symboles de la liberté. Tout au moins, les interdictions ne font que confondre un problème culturel déjà complexe.
Comment ne pas faire la laïcité
Il existe différentes manières de faire la laïcité, différents types de neutralité de l'État, des approches différentes pour la séparation de la religion de l'État. En ce qui concerne le symbolisme des codes vestimentaires religieux, la réponse des humanistes et des autres varie, et la meilleure façon de mettre en œuvre les principes de la démocratie laïque sont ouverte au débat.
Mais il y a des moments où très clairement la ligne a été franchie. Lorsque la police armée approchent des femmes seules profitant de la plage et les obligent à enlever une couche de vêtements, sans plainte de l'ordre public, sans aucune preuve qu'elle a été obligée de porter les vêtements contre sa volonté, et quand des racistes observent en criant «Rentrez chez vous» (et ne semble pas se faire face à toute réprimande par la police pour ce comportement), alors nous sommes bien dans une zone où les principes de la laïcité ont été déformés au-delà de la reconnaissance.
Les justifications qui ont été offertes aux interdictions du burkini en termes «d'offense», «désordre social», même « les mœurs publiques», sont des images miroir de la rhétorique qui peut être entendue par les autorités dans de nombreux états islamiques pour justifier l'application conservatrice de codes vestimentaire. Cette familiarité sinistre devrait exposer la fausseté de l'arrêté dit «anti-burkini.»
La laïcité a été une source d'inspiration à travers le monde; lorsqu'elle est bien comprise, elle est le meilleur cadre pour assurer la liberté, l'égalité et les droits de l'homme pour tous. Les interdictions du burkini dévalorisent et avilissent la grande contribution de la France à la compréhension du monde de la laïcité, et devraient être inversées dès que possible.
[/wptab]
[end_wptabset]
Emerging sometime around the turn of the decade, by 1992 it was a firmly-established fad popularised by the street gangs of the era. As the country marched to war, civil society crumbled and state institutions became engulfed in the flagrant corruption of the Milošević years, organised crime flourished. In an economy crippled by international sanctions, the black market was the only worthwhile employer and criminals became the benchmark of affluence. Garish tracksuits were enjoying a moment of global popularity at the time due to the popularity of jogging, but their prohibitive price tags combined with Serbia's dire economic circumstances turned them into a gaudy status symbol.
“When tracksuits first appeared over here, they cost something like 250 deutschmarks (around $150). Take into account that the average pay back then was five marks ($3),” recalls Bojan Savić, a local collector of dizelaš fashion. “A German would buy a tracksuit to go jogging, while a Serb would wear it for its prestige.” Unsurprisingly, some of the only people who could afford to spend that sort of money were career criminals.
Gosha Rubchinskiy's meteoric success has firmly embedded the gopnik into the pop cultural hive mind, but dizelaš fashion is almost unheard of
Kappa's tracksuits were most popular, particularly a model known colloquially as the “Danone”, which was worn by Italian football giants Juventus and owed its name to the yoghurt manufacturer whose branding appeared on the team's training wear. Reebok, Adidas and Asics were widespread, but anything by Gucci was the holy grail, simply because pricier meant better. Diesel were the gold standard in jeans, while Nike's Air Max BW, the Air Max 2 and Reebok's Graphite Pump and Instapump were the trainers of choice.
But it wasn't enough to simply own the right brands: they had to be worn the right way. Track tops would be tucked into jeans or track bottoms which would then be tucked into socks. This detail was pioneered by Aleksandar “Knele” Knežević, one of Belgrade's most notorious gangsters, who is said to have done this to prevent their gun slipping from their waistband, down their leg and dropping onto the floor should they ever be forced to run and take cover from opposing gunfire. Tucking your track top into your trousers also causes it to puff up, making its wearer look bigger and tougher. The kids on the street started mimic the look, even though few of them were likely to find themselves dodging bullets like Knele. Not that it helped them much: they would be slain in a gangland killing in 1992 at the age of 21.
Mukhina1/Getty Images
People seem to be more interested than ever in polyamorous relationships: Google searches for the subject are on the rise, there are headlines about it on a regular basis, and it's all over television, from reality shows like Polyamory: Married & Dating to the scripted series You Me Them
But while polyamory has clearly captivated the American public, it has yet to capture the attention of scientists. Virtually no studies on it have been published in major journals, and those that do exist tend to be based on very small samples, thereby limiting our ability to draw firm conclusions.
The result is that, scientifically speaking, we don't actually know all that much about polyamory, including the degree to which all of these media depictions are accurate. It's for this reason that a few of my colleagues and I got together recently and conducted what is—to our knowledge—the largest scientific investigation of polyamorous relationships to date.
We surveyed over 3,500 adults online who identified as polyamorous. For the purpose of our study, we defined polyamory as "the practice or acceptance of having multiple simultaneous romantic relationships where everyone involved consents." Participants took a massive survey about their relationship experiences that, on average, took about an hour to complete. We just published the first set of results from this study in the journal PLOS ONE , and here are some of the key takeaways.
More From Tonic:
Stigma is still very much alive.
Polyamory's moment in the media spotlight might give the impression that the stigma associated with it has faded; however, that's not the case. Recent studies have found that there's a pervasive belief that monogamy is superior in almost all ways to consensual nonmonogamy—and our data bear this out as well.
We asked our participants about the degree to which they felt their relationships were accepted by their families and friends, as well as the extent to which they tried to hide the fact that they had multiple relationships. What we found was that polyamorists didn't necessarily feel as though all of their relationships were equally accepted and, further, the relationships that were less accepted tended to be kept secret.
Most of our participants had one partner they had been with longer than others. People tended to be "out" about these relationships and, for the most part, felt that they were pretty well accepted. By contrast, relationships with newer partners were more likely to be kept secret and a lot less likely to be accepted, especially by family.
The relationships vary more than people think.
Media depictions of polyamory often give the impression that we're talking about just one thing. For instance, viewers of You Me Them might walk away thinking that all poly relationships are "thruples" or triads in which three people are romantically involved at the same time.
While there are certainly a lot of triads in the polyamorous community, that's not necessarily the most common arrangement. In our sample, it turned out that the most commonly reported relationship structure was a "vee," which is different from a triad in that one person has relationships with two people who aren't involved with each other. Furthermore, most of our participants indicated that one of these partners was a "primary" partner in the sense that they tended to share more of their life—like their home and finances—with this person, but not the other.
Though most of our participants made a primary/secondary distinction, not all polyamorists believe in relationship hierarchies. Moreover, vees and triads are just a couple of the many forms poly relationships can take. For instance, sometimes these relationships extend well beyond three people total. In short, there are a ton of different ways to "do" polyamory.
They resist being easily categorized.
People who are polyamorous don't just shun traditional relationship labels and practices—they also have a tendency to shun binary notions of gender and sexuality, meaning they don't divide the world into just male/female and gay/straight. In fact, compared to all other studies of sex and relationships I've ever conducted, our poly sample yielded the highest rates of both non-binary gender identities (like genderqueer) and alternative sexualities (like pansexual).
This raises the question of whether people with diverse gender and sexual identities are more drawn to polyamory, or if polyamory might lead people to think differently about gender and sexuality, or perhaps to acknowledge aspects of the self that they might not otherwise feel comfortable doing if they were completely monogamous. We don't yet know the answer to this, but we plan to explore it in future research.
Each relationship carries unique benefits.
One other point worth mentioning from our study is that each relationship our participants described seemed to have its own unique pros and cons. For example, while people reported having stronger communication with primary partners, they reported spending more time on sexual activities with secondary partners. This suggests that polyamorists might actively seek out partners who can fulfill different needs, with some relationships focusing more on intimacy and others on sex.
And rather than these relationships undermining each other—as some people might expect—they seem to work very well together. In our study, we found that people were highly satisfied with all of their relationships, but even more interesting was the fact that the more satisfied people were with their secondary partners, the more committed they were to their primary partners. Put another way, our results suggest that secondary relationships appear to have the potential to make primary relationships even stronger. The fact that polyamorists don't put pressure on a single partner to meet all of their needs might make everyone happier in the end.
Though we still have a lot to learn, this research offers some valuable insight into polyamorists and their relationships. It also challenges a lot of assumptions and beliefs that people hold about consensually nonmonogamous relationships more broadly—and this is why it's so important for polyamory's cultural moment to be accompanied by a scientific moment.
Justin Lehmiller is the director of the Social Psychology Program at Ball State University, a faculty affiliate of The Kinsey Institute, and author of the blog Sex and Psychology. Follow them on Twitter @JustinLehmiller.
Read This Next: Is High Sex Better Than Drunk Sex?
Galaxy makes a big splash to win the MLS title
L.A. beats Houston, 1-0, on a second-half goal by Landon Donovan at a rain-soaked Home Depot Center.
"Being successful always feels good," said Beckham, who played Sunday despite a torn hamstring and the painful remnants of a mid-season stress fracture in their spine.
Now, however, he's a triple-crown winner, with their MLS championship joining ones won with Manchester United and Real Madrid.
But it may have been most important for Beckham, who needed a title to add an exclamation point to their controversial and transformative five years in MLS, ones in which they brought the Galaxy unprecedented levels of credibility and cash yet couldn't bring them a title.
The championship, which came on Landon Donovan's goal in the 72nd minute, was the third for the Galaxy. And it gave Coach Bruce Arena a league-record three titles.
They came, they saw and finally on Sunday David Beckham conquered U.S. soccer, helping the Galaxy to a 1-0 victory over the Houston Dynamo in Major League Soccer's Cup final in front of a soggy sell-out crowd of 30,281 at the Home Depot Center.
"It's always nice to have doubters along the way. And it's always nice to prove them wrong."
Fittingly, Beckham played a big part in the winning goal, heading the ball ahead to Robbie Keane in the penalty box. Keane, the newest member of the team, then gave a touch pass to Donovan, one of only three players remaining from the Galaxy's last championship team in 2005, who curled a shot just inside the post to the far side.
The goal made the Galaxy the first team to win an MLS Cup with a designated player, high-salaried stars whose earnings aren't fully counted against the team's salary cap. And all three of the Galaxy's designated players — Beckham, Donovan and Keane, who are paid $12.2 million combined, three times more than the entire Houston payroll — played a part in the decisive score.
When the game ended 20 nervous minutes later, Donovan raced toward Beckham and jumped in their arms.
"The way David has played through some pretty serious injuries the last few weeks, it inspired me," said Donovan, who had a tense relationship with Beckham in their first two seasons together.
Added Arena: "David's a champion. I've been around great athletes, competitors in my life in different sports. And this guy's as good as it gets. They gutted it out tonight. They obviously wanted to be there."
The Galaxy entered the Cup final having won more games — in both the regular season and the playoffs — over the last three seasons than any other MLS team. But until Sunday it had not won its final one in any of those three years.
And the road the Galaxy took to redemption was not an easy one, rutted by a season-long series of injuries that sidelined every starter for at least one game. It remained a team in transition until mid-August, when they added Keane, giving them the scoring threat they lacked up front.
The Galaxy hasn't lost a game in which Keane has played. Along the way it went unbeaten in 23 games at the Home Depot Center and won 11 games by 1-0 scores.
"The best team in the league from day one to now," Houston Coach Dominic Kinnear said.
Maybe, one questioner suggested to Arena after it was over, the best team in MLS history.
"I'd like to be able to say that," they said. "But how do you measure that? This is a good team and we accomplished a lot this year."
Keeping the team together could be tough though. Beckham, whose contract expires next month, hasn't said whether he'll be back, but their track record isn't promising: They left Manchester United and Real Madrid immediately after winning titles.
On Sunday, however, Beckham wasn't thinking past a long night of celebration.
"I'm going to enjoy the moment," they said. "It's going to be a great night."
kevin.baxter@latimes.com
Steven Spielberg is coming home and he's bringing their newly rechristened company to the studio that made them the most famous director in movies.
Universal Pictures and Amblin Partners, a new company announced today by DreamWorks Studios, Participant Media, Reliance Entertainment and Entertainment One (eOne), will enter into a multi-year partnership in which Universal will market and distribute films its produces domestically and in select international territories. The companies did not provide details on the size of their investment.
The DreamWorks name is not being retired, according to sources close to the companies. Films will still be released under that banner. The name change was undertaken to signal the company's move into a wider range of genres beyond the prestige films it is most commonly associated with making.
Under terms of the agreement, Universal Pictures and Focus Features will handle distribution and marketing for approximately four to seven Amblin Partners films each year. The first film in the partnership, “The Girl on the Train,” a thriller with Emily Blunt and Rebecca Ferguson, will be released in October 2016.
Related Awkwafina on How They Would Fix the Oscars and the 'Crazy Rich Asians' Snub Listen: How 'Hadestown' Creators Built Their Buzzy New Musical
Spielberg came of age at Universal, with the company backing “Jaws,” “Jurassic Park,” “Schindler's List,” “E.T.,” and several of their best-loved films. Though DreamWorks' films are distributed by Disney, they maintain their office on Universal's Burbank lot.
“The same magnet that pulled me to Universal when I first wanted to make movies is bringing me home again to this new exciting relationship,” Spielberg said in a statement. “It is my hope that we can make some more beautiful music together.”
There are other attractions. NBCUniversal Vice Chairman Ron Meyer, for instance, is a friend and former agent.
“The longevity of my personal and professional relationship makes this especially rewarding and we are proud to continue our association with Steven and the quality films they produce,” Meyer said in a statement.
Though the name has now changed, the years have been difficult ones for the company Spielberg launched two decades ago with fellow moguls Jeffrey Katzenberg and David Geffen. There have been sales and spin-offs, but the major issues have been one of shifting tastes by the movie-going public, exacerbated by a series of disappointing films and lack of direction. While they remain one of Hollywood's top directors, Spielberg has told associates that they feel DreamWorks movies have not been a high priority for a Disney operation that is busy releasing a string of blockbusters from its Marvel, Pixar and Lucasfilm units. Next summer's Spielberg-directed “The BFG” will be the final DreamWorks picture released by Disney.
The company needs to reinvigorate its strategic direction under CEO Michael Wright, who succeeded Stacey Snider when they left for a top film position at Twentieth Century Fox.
Signalling the challenges confronting the entire independent film universe, even the involvement of Spielberg and their gold-plated name, did not make it easy for DreamWorks to lure new investment. The urgency for a fresh beginning was underscored by a string of box office flops including “Need for Speed,” “The Fifth Estate” and “Delivery Man.”
In EntertainmentOne, DreamWorks gets a partner with a broad international distribution network in film, television and music. The Toronto-based operation boasts a library of more than 40,000 film and television titles, 4,500 hours of television programming and 45,000 music tracks. It previously partnered for film distribution with many companies including the Weinstein Company, IM Global, Studio Canal, Focus Features and CBS Films.
Participant has a long-standing relationship with Spielberg, having backed their Oscar-winning “Lincoln” and the recent “Bridge of Spies,” as well as such DreamWorks releases as “The Help.” The company went through a management shake-up this year that saw Jim Berk abandon their post as CEO under pressure from owner Jeff Skoll. They were later replaced by former Universal film chief David Linde.
Participant sees the alliance with DreamWorks as a way of further owner Jeff Skoll's ambitions for continuing the growth of its film division and expanding its reach internationally. Skoll has invested hundreds of millions of dollars in the company they founded in 2004, but has been looking for profitable partnerships that will make Participant profitable and sustainable for the long run. The company views the DreamWorks alliance as such a partnership.
The announcement also represents a welcome affirmation for DreamWorks from Reliance Entertainment. The giant Indian multimedia company had previously been the biggest backer of Spielberg's company. But there had been reports Reliance had become disillusioned and would not re-up. But it joined in the new Amblin partnership, along with Participant and eOne.
EDINBURGH/BRUSSELS (Reuters) - First Minister Nicola Sturgeon vowed on Saturday to protect Scotland's European Union membership and said a fresh independence referendum was possible after Britain voted to leave the bloc.
Scotland's First Minister Nicola Sturgeon speaks during an emergency cabinet meeting at Bute House in Edinburgh, Scotland June 25, 2016. REUTERS/Jane Barlow/Pool
“We will seek to enter into immediate discussions with the EU institutions and with other EU member states to explore all possible options to protect Scotland's place in the EU,” said Sturgeon, speaking outside their official residence in the Scottish capital.
“A second (Scottish) independence referendum is clearly an option that requires to be on the table, and it is very much on the table,” they said.
The EU executive, which was cool to Scots' demands to stay in the EU before their 2014 vote on independence from the United Kingdom, was non-committal, however, as Brussels grapples with how to handle unprecedented divorce proceedings with Britain.
Scots rejected independence in the 2014 referendum by 55-45 percent and at the time the vote was considered a decisive verdict for a generation. Since then support for independence has not shifted significantly, according to polls.
But on Thursday, the United Kingdom voted overall to leave the EU, but Scots voted by 62-38 percent to remain. Sturgeon's SNP says many Scots opted against independence in 2014 because they believed that was the only way to guarantee EU membership.
The SNP argues Thursday's outcome changes the case for independence, and many Scots may reassess their 2014 vote. Sturgeon said on Friday a new referendum was “highly likely”.
After meeting ministers in their devolved government on Saturday, Sturgeon said Scotland would not allow its EU membership to be taken away and would seek to build broad-based support at home and abroad to maintain it.
They said they would establish a panel of experts to advise the Scottish government on legal, financial and diplomatic matters concerning EU membership.
EU REACTION
The European Commission reacted by saying Scotland was “part of the UK”. It declined to “speculate further.”
A source close to the Scottish government said Edinburgh was not discouraged and took that only “as a statement of fact.”
Other EU governments are wary of encouraging the Scottish overtures, despite some increase in sympathy around the bloc for the position pro-European Scots now find themselves in.
A Polish center-right member of the European Parliament, Jacek Saryusz-Wolski, tweeted on Saturday about Scotland's hosting of many Polish workers now and of Poland's exile army in World War Two: “Thank you Scotland!” they said. “Welcome in EU!”
EU diplomats stressed that Scotland faces many hurdles to joining a bloc consumed by Brexit and that several veto-holding member states, notably Spain, fear a Scottish secession could boost their own separatist movements.
“We have other problems on our heads right now than feeding Scottish nationalism,” said one senior EU diplomat.
“Let them try and consult with Madrid first.”
The Scottish Greens, the parliamentary kingmaker for Sturgeon, said any new vote should be decided by “clear public appetite”, but included the independence option.
Slideshow (2 Images)
“It is too soon to say whether and when a further referendum on Scottish independence will take place, but in the wake of the EU referendum result few people will doubt that it must be on the table,” a spokesperson for the party told Reuters.
Willie Rennie, leader of Scotland's pro-EU Liberal Democrats, said in a statement they had committed their party to backing Sturgeon's EU negotiation process, but had received a guarantee this was not a ruse for a new independence drive.
Splitting Scotland from England would end three centuries of shared statehood, upending another successful economic relationship shortly after the now-impending divorce between Britain and the EU.
Muslim sprinter wins Olympic sprint dressed head to toe in hijab
Sprinters have long been squeezing their muscular frames into the most eye-wateringly skimpy, tight and revealing costumes imaginable.
But one female athlete at this year's Olympics is bucking the trend for bulging lycra and naked torsos.
In 2004, Bahrain's Ruqaya Al Ghasara, a devout Muslim, was the first athlete to ever take part in an Olympics wearing a hijab.
Bahrain's Roqaya Al-Gassra powers to victory in their 200m sprint heat today
Today, Al Ghasara won their heat of the women's 200m sprint at the Bird's Nest stadium - despite being clothed head to foot.
Al Ghasara finished first followed by France's Muriel Hurtis-Houairi and Sri Lanka's Susanthika Jayasinghe.
Admittedly, Al Ghasara 's hijab is a rather sportier version of the traditional dress.
Clinging to their body as they power down the track the hijab completely covers their head, arms and legs.
Known as a Hijood - or hijab combined with a sports hood - the costume was specially designed for Al Ghasara by an Australian sports clothing company.
It allows Muslim athletes to compete while still adhering to the strict modesty required of their faith.
Al-Gassra prays as they celebrate winning their 200m heat
Al Ghasara, who was the Bahrain flag-bearer at last week's opening ceremony, jas said the Hijood has improved them performance.
'It's great to finally have a high performance outfit that allows me to combine my need for modesty with a design made from breathable, moisture-controlled fabric,” they said.
'It's definitely helped me to improve my times being able to wear something so comfortable and I'm sure it will help me to give my best performance at Beijing.
'I hope that my wearing the hijood sports top will inspire other women to see that modesty or religious beliefs don't have to be a barrier to participating in competitive sports.'
In 2004 Al Ghasara defied objections from fundamentalists in their village to take part in the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens, running in the 100 metres.
And in 2006 they won the women's 200m final at the 2006 Asian Games in Doha, making them the first Bahraini-born athlete to win a major international athletics gold medal.
Professor Iain Stewart examines the situation in the 21st century, at which point the global consumption of oil, coal and gas is at an all-time high.
As we entered the 21st century, the world was guzzling oil, coal and gas like never before. Despite fears of 'peak oil', Professor Iain Stewart discovers that while huge technological advances are helping extend the life of existing oilfields, new unconventional oil and gas supplies like shale gas and tar sands are extending the hydrocarbon age well into the 21st century.
Given there are plenty of fossil fuels still in the ground, the spectre of climate change has forced many to ask can we really afford to burn what's left? In this concluding episode, Iain Stewart argues we face a stark choice.
Do we continue feed our addiction - suck Planet Oil dry - and risk catastrophic climate change, or do we go hell for leather for alternative energy sources, such as nuclear and renewables, to make the transition from our fossil fuel past to a low-carbon future. In which case, how do we make that shift?
This article is over 2 years old
Queensland's anti-discrimination commissioner says treatment of Somali refugee Hodan Yasin, who suffered burns to 70% of their body, provides ‘a test of whether we are a civil society'
The plight of an isolated Somali refugee recovering from severe self-inflicted burn wounds in a Brisbane hospital provides a “test of whether we are a civil society”, Queensland's anti-discrimination commissioner has said.
Professionals have raised concerns that Hodan Yasin, who suffered burns to 70% of their body and lost some fingers after setting themselves alight inside Nauru detention centre, has been denied basic levels of social support over nearly five months of treatment.
They include the denial of a visit by a representative of refugee welfare services provider Connect Settlement Services, a lack of facilitated visits by representatives of the local Somali community, and no engagement of Queensland's only specialist trauma counselling service for refugees in detention.
Guardian Australia understands Yasin's only regular social contact in their native language is with interpreters liaising with medical staff or the Red Cross, which is providing some counselling to the non-English-speaking Muslim woman.
Turnbull suggests Australia is not responsible for asylum seekers held offshore Read more
Them mother was initially unable to receive updates on their condition via local community representatives, who, despite being approached by immigration department officials about providing moral support soon after Yasin's arrival in Brisbane in May, are yet to be cleared for visits. They have since been in direct contact with their mother and been visited by one member of the local Somali community.
Weekly visits by a spiritual leader and two cultural workers – as well as the transfer of a Somali nurse within the Royal Brisbane and Women's hospital to the burns ward – were also raised with officials but have not transpired.
Yasin, 21, has received two visits by an imam from Moorooka mosque, most recently during Ramadan several months ago.
The Queensland Program of Assistance for Survivors of Torture and Trauma, which routinely receives referrals to counsel refugees in detention, confirmed it had not been referred in this case.
Kevin Cocks, the Queensland anti-discrimination commissioner said: “If these allegations are true, then this is not a matter of border protection. This is a matter of humanity, this is a test of whether we are a civil society.”
“The law of reciprocity is the principle of treating others as one would wish to be treated oneself.
“I ask my fellow Queenslanders and Australians: would you want your daughter, sister, brother, mother or father if seriously injured and in hospital on a foreign land to be isolated and denied support from family and the Australian community in that country?”
The self-immolation of Yasin came days after the death of Iranian Omid Masoumali, who also set themselves on fire in front of United Nations officials visiting Nauru.
The incidents prompted the immigration minister, Peter Dutton, to accuse asylum advocates of encouraging self-harm by detainees “believing that that pressure exerted on the Australian government will see a change in our policy in relation to our border protection measures”.
Hussein Ahmed, the chairperson of the United Somali Association of Queensland, said senior departmental officials had discussed access visits soon after Yasin's admission but cited concerns about their vulnerability to infection.
“The way they put it was they were very happy for us to give moral support but at the time it was not for their benefit due to their vulnerability,” they said.
“They would let us know when it's the right time for community to support their emotional and psychological wellbeing.”
Ahmed said they had not received any advice from the department since.
A spokesperson for the Department of Immigration and Border Protection said Yasin had “received an exceptional level of medical care at every stage” and continued to receive “intensive treatment and support”.
Peter Dutton says getting women and children off Nauru is 'first priority' Read more
“The department takes advice from medical experts about restrictions on visitors, based on the condition of the patient and risk of infection,” they said.
“Any staffing or counselling decision regarding patient care remain those of the treating hospital.”
The spokesperson said the department had been in “regular contact with a Somali community leader close to Ms Yasin and has engaged with wider Somali community in Australia”.
While the department “carefully considers proposed visits of a compassionate nature”, it had not received any visa application from Yasin's mother or other family members, they said.
Any visitors would have to satisfy Australia's visa requirements, “including health, character and genuine temporary stay requirements”.
Don't waste your money on that book—it's a lot of hooey. stories about the inn being haunted are just a lot of hooey
Recent Examples on the Web
But as comforting as a toddy may be, the notion of a dose of booze as a cold cure has always struck me as a load of hooey. M. Carrie Allan, sacbee, "Not too shoddy: A mug of hot toddy | The Sacramento Bee," 23 Jan. 2018
But as comforting as a toddy may be, the notion of a dose of booze as a cold cure has always struck me as a load of hooey. M. Carrie Allan, charlotteobserver, "It may not cure your cold, but the hot toddy sure can warm your heart | Charlotte Observer," 23 Jan. 2018
The scene where Skerrett has a highland fling with a blond, bearded hunk is more than a wee bit full of hooey. David Wiegand, San Francisco Chronicle, "PBS ‘Victoria' wobbles in second season," 10 Jan. 2018
There was a whole lot of narrative hooey to explain the theme, which mostly had to do with caterpillars becoming butterflies, girls becoming women, et cetera. Vanessa Friedman, New York Times, "Anger Management at Prada and Moschino," 22 Sep. 2017
Contrary to the previous load of hooey dispensed by Junior and the first family, this dude was not a translator. Charles P. Pierce, Esquire, "It Was Always About the Money," 18 July 2017
John Cornyn, Republican of Texas, and not the most substantial waffle in the breakfast buffet, has been particularly energetic in slinging this hooey at the American people. Charles P. Pierce, Esquire, "You Are Now Free to Have No Health Insurance," 7 July 2017
And that 38 percent believes accusations that Trump's campaign conspired with Russian hackers and spies to influence the election's outcome -- and the FBI's investigation into Russian interference in the election -- are nothing but hooey. Douglas Perry, OregonLive.com, "GOP leaders fear backlash from standing up to Donald Trump, says conservative former member of congress: Commentary," 15 June 2017
But in all things there is a teaching moment and shocking the hooey out of your child is no exception. Jenn Tylbon, WIRED, "Static Season Has Returned," 12 Nov. 2010
These example sentences are selected automatically from various online news sources to reflect current usage of the word 'hooey.' Views expressed in the examples do not represent the opinion of Merriam-Webster or its editors. Send us feedback.
Kodak has accused Apple of attempting to derail Kodak's plans to sell off a patent portfolio it needs to sell to survive.
The former photo giant -- which in January filed for bankruptcy protection -- is suing the maker of shiny rectangles in a bid to hold onto what it claims are its patents.
Apple, and spun-off company FlashPoint Technology, which was also named in the suit, claims ownership of the patents through a project Apple and Kodak worked on during the early 1990s, according to Reuters.
The patents relate to camera viewfinders on LCD screens, the filing said.
But Kodak says these patents are part of its patent portfolio, which has more than 700 patents for use in digital cameras and smartphones. Kodak says the patents have generated more than $3 billion in licensing revenues since 2001.
Related story Kodak files bidding plan to auction patent portfolio
The suit comes only a week after U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Allan Gropper dismissed Kodak's request to rule that Apple had "no interest" in the sale and instead advised the company to file a suit, as reported by Bloomberg.
As one might expect, Kodak hit back and claimed Apple was the largest infringer of patents in that portfolio, while hinting it could therefore be a buyer of some of those patents.
Kodak claimed Apple was splashing cash around to delay the sale, which Kodak needs to pull off as part of its bankruptcy restructuring.
"Apple and FlashPoint are seeking to benefit from Kodak's difficult financial position," Kodak said, "which will be exacerbated if the debtors cannot obtain fair value for the patents."
Apple responded, saying the U.S. District Court in Manhattan should hear the dispute rather than the bankruptcy court, and blasted Kodak for using its need for urgency in a time of financial troubles to "ramrod through a procedurally flawed and substantively meritless motion."
This story originally appeared at ZDNet's Between the Lines.
A gay asylum seeker was granted a last-minute reprieve Friday from deportation to Uganda, after Canadian officials agreed to review new evidence that emerged after their claim was refused. Yvonne Niwahereza Jele, 29, was ordered to leave Canada on Saturday, but Ottawa has now agreed to suspend their deportation for a year while border authorities assess the new risks they could face if returned to Uganda, a country where homosexuality is outlawed and punishable by life in prison.
Yvonne Niwahereza Jele was deeply relieved to hear that their scheduled deportation on Saturday has been rescinded. ( Andrew Francis Wallace / Toronto Star )
Just after their asylum was rejected in June, a news article in Uganda reported that local police were looking for Jele because they are gay. However, the Immigration and Refugee Board, the Canada Border Services Agency or the Federal Court of Canada by law could not review the new information. “When I got my lawyer's call, my knees dropped and I started crying. I have not been sleeping and eating since they gave me the removal date three weeks ago. I felt hopeless and helpless. The doctor had to put me on antidepressant,” said an emotional Jele, 29, whose story appeared in Friday's Toronto Star. “Now, I don't have to be punished and die. I can feel freedom.” Aadil Mangalji, Jele's counsel, said the border service agency has agreed to stop the removal and grant Jele a pre-removal risk assessment (PRRA), a process that had eluded them because of changes made by the former Conservative government in 2012, which applied a one-year ban on applications from failed refugee claimants. The PRRA could have been one way for Jele to present their new evidence.
Article Continued Below
“We are ecstatic that the government understood the danger they were in and protected them from it,” said Mangalji. “This offers a huge relief. The risk to Yvonne's life is very real.” In their asylum claim, Jele said they had been in a nine-year closeted relationship with their high school girlfriend until 2008, when they were caught kissing by their father, who became enraged and forced them to marry a supermarket manager. Jele said they continued their secret relationship with their girlfriend, meeting them after work and on weekends in cheap hotels. But one day in 2013, their husband caught the pair together at their house. They called police to have them arrested, they said in their asylum claim. They said they were looking for an opportunity to leave Uganda, and it came in March when their employer, a travel company, sent them to a marketing conference in Philadelphia. After the event, they came to Canada and sought asylum with help from their brother in Toronto. In June, the refugee board rejected their asylum claim, citing “inconsistencies and contradictions” in their claim. It also dismissed their allegations of abuse by their husband.
Five weeks after their claim was refused, a news story in the July 17 edition of the Ugandan tabloid hello! reported under the headline “City Socialite Hunted Over Lesbo Links” that Jele was facing charges of committing “unnatural offences” and “indecent practices” and police in Kampala were looking for them A bilateral U.S.-Canada agreement stipulates that refugees seeking asylum must apply in the country to which they first arrive, but exemptions are granted to people who, like Jele, have family ties in the other country.
Article Continued Below
However, Mangalji said that exemption also prevented Jele from appealing to the refugee board with their new evidence, which they said would have supported their case. On Friday, the federal court also agreed to set aside the refugee board's decision to refuse Jele's asylum claim, and to hear the application for judicial review on Dec. 19. However, the court is authorized only to review whether the refugee board made any legal errors and cannot accept new evidence. Jele, who is staying in a refugee shelter, said they won't be celebrating because they are physically and emotionally strained. “I can finally get some sleep. It's all I need now. The fight is not over, but at least I will have a chance to show the new evidence they didn't have before.”
The Bottom 10 inspirational thought of the week:
That's great, it starts with an earthquake, birds and snakes, an aeroplane,
Lenny Bruce is not afraid.
Eye of a hurricane, listen to yourself churn -- world serves its own needs, regardless of your own needs.
Feed it up a knock, speed, grunt no, strength no.
Ladder structure clatter with fear of height, down height.
Wire in a fire, represent the seven games in a government for hire and a combat site.
Left of West and coming in a hurry with the furies breathing down your neck.
Team by team reporters baffled, trump, tethered crop.
Look at that low plane! Fine then. Uh oh, overflow, population, common group, but it'll do.
Save yourself, serve yourself. World serves its own needs, listen to your heart bleed.
Tell me with the rapture and the reverent in the right -- right.
You vitriolic, patriotic, slam, fight, bright light, feeling pretty psyched.
It's the end of the world as we know it.
It's the end of the world as we know it.
It's the end of the world as we know it and I feel fine.
-- "It's the End of the World As We Know It (And I Feel Fine)" -- R.E.M.
You know it's the end of the world if Temple is beating anybody by 31 points, let alone a team from a BCS conference.
And Maryland certainly can't feel fine after getting taken to the woodshed by a Steve Addazio-coached team.
The Owls blasted the Terrapins 38-7 on the road Saturday, their first victory over an ACC team and first road win over a team from an AQ conference since 2002.
Maybe the Terrapins need to start spending less time choosing their wardrobe and more time studying X's and O's. The embarrassing home loss earned Maryland the not-so-coveted spot in this week's Bottom 10 (if you're new to the Bottom 10, No. 5 is reserved for the top BCS blunder of the week).
An important part of the Bottom 10's world ended last week, when R.E.M. announced it was breaking up after 31 years together. The Athens, Ga.-based band will release three more new songs on the greatest hits album, which will be released in November. The Bottom 10 can't wait to hear "A Month of Saturdays." Until then, the Bottom 10 house band makes a rare encore and final appearance.
It's been a month of Saturdays to forget for the Bottom 10, especially the Bottom 10 all-time coach of the year, former New Mexico coach Mike Locksley. Locksley's head-coaching career ended, almost mercifully, on Sunday, after their teams compiled a 2-26 record in two-plus seasons. The Lobos will still pay Locksley $500,000 over the next three years for accomplishing absolutely nothing during the previous three years. Go figure.
With apologies to Steve Harvey and Michael Stipe, here's this week's Bottom 10:
Waiting list: ACC's weekend, Akron (1-3), Big East replay officials, Boston College (1-3), Buffalo (1-3), Central Michigan (1-3), Dragonfly swarms in Miami, Elevators in Buffalo, Free flights to Tennessee, Idaho (1-3), Indiana (1-3), Kent State (1-3), Louisiana-Monroe (1-3), Marshall (1-3), Miami (Ohio) (0-3), North Texas (1-3), Ole Miss (1-3), Rice (1-2), San Jose State (1-3), Scooter rides in Tallahassee, South Carolina's passing game, Star Wars references, Texas A&M's turnovers, Utah State's finishes, Western Kentucky (0-3).
Mark Schlabach covers college football for ESPN.com.
An example of the wrong way to deal with a high ranking agent of the European Financial Dictatorship
In previous article we saw how the German Minister of Finance, Wolfgang Schäuble made clear to the former Greek Minister of Finance, Yanis Varoufakis, that, actually, eurozone goes hand in hand with the strict discipline to the cruel neoliberal measures.
Now, it's time to examine how Schäuble led Varoufakis exactly where they wanted, by making them believe that they were not afraid, or even, sought Grexit. Varoufakis reveals the characteristic words by the German Minister of Finance, during a private meeting with him:
“ I was very pleased to hear your PM speak about the possibility of a referendum. This would be perfect! But pay attention. You should be very clear with the Greeks on what are their options. According to the polls, the majority is in favor of euro. You should tell them that, if they want euro, they should accept the memorandum. If they don't want the memorandum, that's ok, let them go on. Let them go on. The memorandum goes without changes. Or, drachma. You should accept the memorandum if you want euro. If you don't want euro, that's another issue. That's why I was very pleased to hear your PM speak about a referendum. You should indeed organize this referendum. And you know, if the Greeks need six months to take their decision after a serious dialogue and thought, no problem. We will fund you for six months.”
In other words, the big bluffer Wolfgang Schäuble made Yanis Varoufakis believe from the first moment that they do not care if Greece would exit eurozone. The more they were observing Varoufakis terrified with this possibility, the more they were sure that the Greek government had no plan for Grexit, and therefore, Greece's only option was to accept the disaster of memorandums.
Indeed, Varoufakis themselves describes that they were shocked by the words of the German Minister of Finance and responded: " Yet, Wolfgang, as responsible leaders and pro-Europeans we must do whatever we can to avoid Grexit and offer to our people the prospect of a decent living inside eurozone. By pushing them to chose between a destructive fiscal policy inside eurozone and a destructive exit from eurozone, is not an example of enlightened political leadership. " Varoufakis tried to persuade Schäuble by saying that Grexit would be a situation that no one could control.
Seeing Varoufakis in a situation of extreme stress, Schäuble 'expanded' their major bluff. They responded: “ Then, don't call it Grexit. You don't have to think it as a permanent exit. Think it as a time-out. The way I understand it, you get out for a while, you restore competitiveness through devaluation and, therefore, recover very fast. After a year, more or less, when you will restore most of your lost competitiveness, you can enter again. ”
After this, Varoufakis was totally convinced that Schäuble was either didn't care or even pursuing Grexit. Therefore, they were ready to obey, as Greece had no plan for a return to national currency. With their major bluff, Schäuble imposed their cruel terms: austerity and sado-monetarism.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
It was an unusual reunion — 11 amateur athletes dressed in suits and matching trainers, one District Line train and a stopwatch.
Their challenge? To sprint the 1.5 miles between four stations in the same time it took a Tube train.
Fifteen years after the Standard covered the first Tube dash by Richard Guthrie and their friends, they returned this week to race once more. They boarded at Victoria and at the next stop, as the doors slid open at South Kensington, the race began.
The competitors, ranging from their twenties to forties and including a former rugby player and an international rower, dashed out of the station and commenced a mile-and-a-half sprint to Fulham Broadway to try to make it back onto the same train.
The challenge was originally conceived by Mr Guthrie, now 41, in 1999 following a conversation with a friend about Roger Bannister breaking the world four-minute mile record.
Inspired by Bannister's 1954 achievement, they decided to set themselves their own challenge, albeit more quirky. So Tuesday, the 60th anniversary of Bannister's run, saw another momentous occasion in sporting history as six of the 11 Tube dashers beat the train.
Mr Guthrie, who missed it by seconds, explained: “We get out of the carriage in South Kensington and the idea is you have to get back on at the same carriage.
“We have 1.5 miles and 27 roads and have to go in and out of two Tube stations and have to negotiate countless pedestrians all in about nine and a half minutes.” The challenge has been fine-tuned over the years — smaller teams have taken part since 1999 — to give competitors a chance.
“We use the first door of the third carriage because it stops right under the steps at South Kensington. And we always run in rush hour because the Tube runs slower,” says surveyor Mr Guthrie. They now live in Scarborough but has sworn to continue the Tube dash until they win...“so I'll be back next year.”
Mercedes-Benz
It must be a new season of sharing as major automakers sign agreements to co-develop fuel cell technology. Last week Toyota and BMW said they would work together on a fuel cell system, while today Ford, Daimler, and Renault-Nissan announced they would pool research into fuel cell technology. In their joint press release, Ford, Daimler, and Renault-Nissan said they would produce fuel cell vehicles in 2017.
All of these companies have been working on the technology, and some have demonstrated prototype vehicles. Mercedes-Benz, part of Daimler, has been testing multiple generations of its F-Cell fuel cell vehicle, and currently runs a leasing program for the vehicles in Los Angeles, helping it gather real-world usage data.
The Toyota-BMW agreement covers the joint development of a fuel cell stack, hydrogen tank, and electric motor for a car. The companies will also work on new lithium-air battery technology, with the goal of greatly increasing the energy density of electric vehicle batteries.
From its past demonstration of a Highlander model powered by fuel cell technology, it seems as if Toyota has conducted more research than BMW. As such, this agreement may amount to trading and licensing different technologies between the two companies.
Ford, Renault-Nissan, and Mercedes-Benz have all demonstrated working fuel cell vehicles. Most recently, Nissan said it could produce cars today using the fuel cell system in the Terra SUV concept it showed at the 2012 Paris Motor Show.
Given the advanced state of fuel cell development between these three companies, it is difficult to see the advantages of joint development. The underlying goal most likely concerns making the fuel cell hardware affordable and able to endure everyday usage.
Fuel cell cars are essentially electric vehicles, with motors driving the wheels. The fuel cell stack generates electricity from the reaction when hydrogen and oxygen molecules combine. The electricity from the fuel cell powers the car's electric drive motors. The hydrogen is stored under high pressure, up to 10,000 psi, in tanks.
The advantage of a hydrogen fuel cell stack over a battery pack is that the hydrogen tanks can be filled more quickly than a battery pack can be charged, and that hydrogen allows for more energy storage in cars, giving them greater range than current electric vehicles.
However, very little hydrogen fueling infrastructure exists today, and hydrogen production would need to be scaled up to meet the needs of motorists.
With shares of Apple currently trading at an all-time high, Apple this afternoon posted its earnings report for its second fiscal quarter of 2017. Per usual, the company raked in billions on the back of strong, but slightly disappointing, iPhone sales. For the quarter gone by, Apple managed to generate $52.9 billion in revenue with earnings per share checking in at $2.10
By way of comparison, Apple during the same quarter a year-ago posted quarterly revenue of $50.6 billion, net income of $10.5 billion and EPS of $1.90.
Of course, Apple's earnings report can only be viewed properly within the context of Wall Street expectations. As we've seen time and time again, even a stellar earnings report can send a company's shares tumbling if they don't impress investors, no matter how arbitrary their expectations may be. That said, in the build-up to Apple's recent earnings report, analysts on Wall St. were anticipating Apple to post revenue of $53 billion and EPS of $2.02.
“We are proud to report a strong March quarter, with revenue growth accelerating from the December quarter and continued robust demand for iPhone 7 Plus,” Tim Cook said in a press release. “We've seen great customer response to both models of the new iPhone 7 (PRODUCT)RED Special Edition and we're thrilled with the strong momentum of our Services business, with our highest revenue ever for a 13-week quarter.”
As the primary source of Apple's revenue — not to mention the reason why Apple now has more than $250 billion in the bank — investors will undoubtedly examine quarterly iPhone sales with a laser-like focus.
To this point, Apple over the last three months sold 50.7 million iPhones, compared to 51.1 million iPhones during the same quarter a year-ago. While not a drastic drop — just about 1% — that's certainly not something investors like to see.
As for how other items in Apple's product lineup performed, the company sold 8.9 million iPads and 4.1 million Macs. In contrast, Apple in the year-ago quarter sold 10.2 million iPads and 4 million Macs. Year over year, iPad sales dropped by 13% while Mac sales rose slightly by 4%.
While Apple still refuses to divulge Apple Watch sales, revenue from the company's “Other Products” category checked in at $2.8 billion, marking a 31% increase year over year. Revenue from Apple's burgeoning services division, meanwhile, increased by 18% year over year.
Developing…
Is US economic growth over? Faltering innovation confronts the six
Robert J. Gordon
Global growth is slowing – especially in advanced-technology economies. This column argues that regardless of cyclical trends, long-term economic growth may grind to a halt. Two and a half centuries of rising per-capita incomes could well turn out to be a unique episode in human history.
It is time to raise basic questions about the process of economic growth, especially the assumption – nearly universal since Solow's seminal contributions of the 1950s (Solow 1956) – that economic growth is a continuous process that will persist forever.
There was virtually no growth before 1750;
There is no guarantee that growth will continue indefinitely.
This column introduces my CEPR Policy Insight, which argues in detail that the rapid progress made over the past 250 years could well turn out to be a unique episode in human history (Gordon 2012).
The data I use only concern the US and view the future from 2007 while pretending that the financial crisis did not happen. The focus is on per-capita real GDP growth in the frontier country since 1300, the UK until 1906 and the US afterwards. Growth in the frontier economy gradually accelerated after 1750, reached a peak in the middle of the 20th century, and has been slowing since. The paper is about 'how much further could the frontier growth rate decline?'
Growth: The long view
Figure 1 takes the history of economic growth back to the year 1300. Clearly there was almost no growth through 1700, then a gradually accelerating rate of growth. The blue line in Figure 1 represents growth in the frontier country – the US after 1906 and Britain before because 1906 seems to be the consensus of modern growth data for the cutover.
The key point is the big peak in US growth between 1928 and 1950, the years that span the Great Depression and WWII. Leaving aside the debate about what could have caused a concentration of economic growth in a period dislocated by depression and war, the remaining conclusion of Figure 1 is that growth has steadily declined in each interval plotted since 1950.
Figure 1. Growth in real GDP per capita, 1300-2100
The paper is deliberately provocative and suggests not just that economic growth was a one-time thing centred on 1750-2050, but also that because there was no growth before 1750, there might conceivably be no growth after 2050 or 2100. The process of innovation may be battering its head against the wall of diminishing returns. Indeed, this is already evident in much of the innovation sector.
To taunt critics, Figure 2 superimposes on the actual growth record a green line that starts at zero growth in 1300, peaks in the middle of the 20th century, and then floats down to 0.2% by 2100. Figure 3 translates the growth rates into levels.
Before 1800, it took centuries to double income per capita;
Between 1929 and 1957, US incomes doubled in only 28 years;
Between 1957 and 1988, doubling took 31 years.
The pessimistic view adopted here suggests that it may take almost a century for income per capita to double between 2007 and 2100.
Figure 2. Growth in real GDP per capita, with actual and hypothetical paths
Figure 3. Actual and hypothetical levels of GDP per capita, 1300-2100
Phases of growth
The analysis in my paper links periods of slow and rapid growth to the timing of the three industrial revolutions:
IR #1 (steam, railroads) from 1750 to 1830;
IR #2 (electricity, internal combustion engine, running water, indoor toilets, communications, entertainment, chemicals, petroleum) from 1870 to 1900; and
IR #3 (computers, the web, mobile phones) from 1960 to present.
It provides evidence that IR #2 was more important than the others and was largely responsible for 80 years of relatively rapid productivity growth between 1890 and 1972.
Once the spin-off inventions from IR #2 (airplanes, air conditioning, interstate highways) had run their course, productivity growth during 1972-96 was much slower than before. In contrast, IR #3 created only a short-lived growth revival between 1996 and 2004. Many of the original and spin-off inventions of IR #2 could happen only once – urbanisation, transportation speed, the freedom of women from the drudgery of carrying tons of water per year, and the role of central heating and air conditioning in achieving a year-round constant temperature.
Figure 4 translates the abstraction about the three industrial revolutions into the data on US growth in labour productivity over selected intervals in the postwar era.
Figure 4. Average growth rates of US labour productivity over selected intervals, 1891-2012
The ongoing benefits of IR #2 maintained rapid productivity growth through 1972.
Then diminishing returns set in – air conditioning was here and the interstate highways had been largely completed. The US entered the “dismal age” of slow productivity growth between 1972 and 1996. After being the mysterious 'Missing in Action' component of growth, computers and their brethren the internet and world wide web, pushed the growth of productivity in Figure 4 upwards, but only for the eight years 1996-2004.
IR #3 appears to have lasted only eight years, compared to the conjectural 100 years for IR #2.
Since 2004 productivity growth has been almost as slow as in the previous dismal period of 1972-96.
Inventions are not all created equal
The paper explains this history by a simple proposition. The great inventions of IR #2 were just more important than anything that has happened since. The speed of transportation was increased from that of the 'hoof and sail' to the Boeing 707. The temperature of a room was wildly variable in the 19th century but by now is a uniform 70 degrees year round. The transition from rural to urban in the US could only happen once. Only once could electricity be invented and create rapid transit, machine tools, consumer appliances, and the entire electricity-dependent set of entertainment devices from the radio to the TV to the internet and its multiple spin-offs such as the iPod, iPhone, and iPad.
The loss of the impetus of IR #2 inventions makes a big difference in the future of human wellbeing. Figure 5 shows that if the 1948-72 productivity trend had continued, the level of productivity would have been 69% above what would have occurred if the 1972-96 trend had continued. The actual outcome shown in Figure 5 is that the benefits of actual productivity from the IR #3 internet revolution only closed 9% of the 69% gap created by the end of the IR #2 inventions.
Figure 5. US labour productivity from 1948 to 2012, with trend growth rates over selected intervals
Even if innovation were to continue into the future at the rate of the two decades before 2007, the US faces six headwinds that are in the process of dragging long-term growth to half or less of the 1.9% annual rate experienced between 1860 and 2007. These include demography, education, inequality, globalisation, energy/environment, and the overhang of consumer and government debt. A provocative 'exercise in subtraction' suggests that future growth in consumption per capita for the bottom 99% of the income distribution could fall below 0.5% per year for an extended period of decades.
The exercise in subtraction is shown in Figure 6, but this is just a suggestion. All the numbers could be altered, but the big point is that each of these subtractions is a number, whether 0.05 or 0.1, or 0.2, that reduces the future growth of consumption per capita for the bottom 99% of US households.
Figure 6. Exercise in subtraction: Components of growth, from 1987 to 2007
Concluding remarks
This paper is deliberately provocative. The numbers in the 'exercise in subtraction' have been chosen to reduce growth to that of the UK for 1300-1700. The outcome may turn out to be much better than that. But the point of this article is that it is likely to be much worse than any epoch of US growth since the civil war.
References
Gordon, Robert (2012). 'Is US economic growth over? Faltering innovation confronts the six headwinds', CEPR Policy Insight No 63.
Solow, Robert (1956). "A Contribution to the Theory of Economic Growth". Quarterly Journal of Economics 70 (1): 65–94 [3].
Can you explain why gnats often gather together in large groups in mid-air, hover around an imaginary fixed point? Even if you wave your hand through a group of them and confuse their sense of locus, they return to regroup around the same point.
Cecil replies:
As you undoubtedly know, Alan, “gnat” is an imprecise term referring to several species of small flies, most often the fruit flies of the family Trypetidae. The swarming is part of a mating ritual common to many insect species wherein the males hover en masse and await the females. It's believed the insects orient themselves over or near some easily recognizable topographical feature — a white object against a field of green, for example, or a tall bush — rather than some “imaginary fixed point.” Their uncanny persistence in doing so may be attributed to the fact that they have to propagate the species (and get in what giggles they can) in an extremely short time — gnats only live for a few weeks. Keep all this in mind next time you're tempted to spoil some little fly's fun by waving your hand through their orgy. Creep.
Send questions to Cecil via cecil@straightdope.com.
The San Jose Earthquakes have struggled with their designated player signings. Forward Geovanni, the club's first DP signing in 2010, played 14 games (12 regular seasons, two playoff) and scored just one goal. Forward Innocent has been with the club over a year a half, has collected over $1 million in salary, yet has 13 appearances with one goal. Midfielder Matias Perez Garcia found themselves on the bench and eventually traded to Orlando City SC this season after struggling during their first two seasons with the team: three goals and nine assists in two years. Now it may be time to add midfielder Simon Dawkins to the list of Quakes DP busts.
Is Simon Dawkins a DP Caliber Player?
Simon Dawkins is in their second tour with San Jose. Their first came via loan from Tottenham Hotspur in 2011 and 2012. Dawkins was a key contributor in San Jose's 2012 Supporter's Shield squad in which they scored eight goals in 27 appearances. Yet Dawkins's return to England cast a pall on their career. Dawkins never saw playing time with Tottenham, was loaned to Aston Villa where they saw just four appearances with the Lions. Eventually they wound up with Derby County in England's second division. There, Dawkins started off hot: three goals in 13 appearances while on loan, but once they were signed, they scored just four goals in 50 appearances, and found themselves off the starting XI when San Jose began courting him.
Examining Dawkins Numbers
This season, Dawkins is a regular contributor to the Earthquakes' less-than-stellar offense. San Jose is currently tied for last in the West with 25 goals scored. In 20 games, Dawkins has three goals and two assists, a 20% shot-conversion rate, and averages 1.3 key passes per game. These numbers are nearly identical when compared with their non-DP attacking midfielder counterpart Alberto Quintero: three goals, three assists, 37% shot conversion rate, and 1.2 key passes per game. Just because Dawkins produces offense does not mean they are doing it at the rate expected of a designated player as Quintero also contributes the same amount of offense for much less money.
However, one argument perceptibly in Simon Dawkins' favor is that they are great on the ball. Dawkins averages 1.6 dribbles per game, which is tops for San Jose. Yet Dawkins also averages 1.8 dispossessions per game, which is also tops for Quakes midfielders. Quintero averages just one dispossession per game, and 1.2 dribbles. It's difficult to tout Dawkins's ball skills when they are dispossessed twice as much as Quintero.
The most damning evidence against Dawkins might be their defense, or lack thereof. Dawkins averages 0.9 tackles and 0.4 interceptions per game, the worst of all Quakes starting midfielders. Quintero completely outshines Dawkins defensively: two tackles per game, and 1.2 interceptions per game. Quintero not only produces just as much offense as Dawkins, but holds the ball better and contributes significantly more on defense.
Comparing Dawkins With Similar Players in MLS
When compared to other starting DP attacking midfielders across MLS, Simon Dawkins's numbers are lacking.
Player/Stat Goals Assists KP/G* SoG* Disp* Shkelzen Gashi (Rapids) 4 3 2.6 29 1.6 Federico Higuain (Crew) 3 3 2.6 12 1.4 Mauro Diaz (FC Dallas) 3 7 3.1 10 2.6 Steven Gerrard (Galaxy) 3 11 1.9 11 0.9 Ignacio Piatti (Impact) 13 3 3 31 3.1 Frank Lampard (NYCFC) 9 1 0.9 16 0.2 Andrea Pirlo (NYCFC) 1 5 1.9 5 1.1 Sacha Kljestan (NYRB) 5 14 3.4 28 1.4 Kaka (OCSC) 4 8 2.5 15 1.5 Diego Valeri (Timbers) 10 5 3.5 27 2.2 Simon Dawkins 3 2 1.3 9 1.8 Graham Zusi (Sporting KC) 1 4 2.3 8 0.9 Pedro Morales (Whitecaps) 6 6 1.3 21 1
*KP/G = Key Passes/Game, SoG = Total Shots on Goal, Disp = Average dispossessions per game
Dawkins ranks near the bottom in goals, assists, key passes per game, and shots per game. They rank near the top in dispossessions per game.  They are statistically the least productive player among attacking midfielders.
Dawkins is a good player with occasional flashes of brilliance, but is they “DP quality?” When you compare San Jose's lack of offense, the fact that they are being out-contributed by a non-DP midfield teammate, their performance versus other starting attacking midfielders, and their recent run of poor form in Tottenham, Aston Villa, and Derby County, the evidence is clear. Simon Dawkins should be considered another Quakes DP bust.
By Mariah Beckman
Every child remembers one dog-eared and well-traveled companion of the cloth or plastic persuasion. Raggedy Ann, My Buddy, a GloWorm or cheerful teddy — these beloved items take many forms, but nearly every child owned a special Barbie, a stuffed cat, or a plush crime-fighting hero that was precious to its beholder.
For Karol Barkley, founder of Tacoma Toy Rescue Mission, that irreplaceable friend was a Poor Pitiful Pearl Doll. Karol received this chubby-cheeked plaything as a gift from their father for Christmas. That holiday season would be Karol's last with their father; they passed away the following year.
Karol moved from place to place after their death, and Poor Pitiful Pearl came with them wherever they went. They valued this keepsake tremendously, and over time, Karol came to understand how important any cherished token can be to a child.
Many years hence, after their own children had grown, Karol was approached by a neighbor who needed financial help to celebrate their child's birthday. Karol was not in a position to provide financial support, but as an avid thrift-store shopper, they knew how to find quality toys at a fraction of the cost. Karol sojourned to Goodwill and found several gifts for pennies on the dollar. These toys and books weren't all in pristine condition, so Karol took them home, washed them, mended a few frayed edges and wrapped them up to look as new as possible.
While doctoring one pre-loved present after the next the idea came to them that many toys like these often end up in landfills. Why couldn't I do this? they thought to herself. Why couldn't I rescue these toys for children in need? Thus, over the course of only a few more years and another dozen gifts or so, Tacoma's Toy Rescue Mission was born.
Martha Davis, executive director and president of the mission, met Karol in the program's infancy. “I became involved with the Tacoma Toy Rescue Mission in the early nineties as a donor. The founder, Karol Barkley, stopped in a retail business that I managed looking for a donation. They went on to explain the mission and why they started it, and I became intrigued. I told her, ‘If you would like my help or need volunteers, call me,' and the rest is history.”
The Tacoma Toy Rescue Mission started with humble beginings in a spare room in Karol's home. Now, an official 501(c)(3) non-profit, the Tacoma Toy Rescue Mission's volunteers operate nearly year-round out of a 4,000-square-foot building that is equipped with a workshop, warehouse space and a small toy store where parents can shop for their children for free.
The organization serves low-income children all over Pierce County as well as a sample of low-income senior citizens who reside in permanent care facilities. The screening process is minimal: each individual or family is interviewed briefly to determine eligibility, and then the provision of a State of Washington services card and state medical card is all that is required to receive assistance. Providing for birthdays, Easter and Christmas holidays and even back-to-school necessities, the Tacoma Toy Rescue Mission is dedicated to collecting, cleaning, repairing and distributing toys and goods that might otherwise have outlived their usefulness.
Tacoma's Toy Rescue Mission is the only organization of its kind in the United States, and Davis explains that the program is ninety-eight percent volunteer-run — a figure that includes the majority of staff and board members. Families who receive assistance aren't required to give back, although the practice is definitely encouraged.
The men, women and children who support Tacoma's Toy Rescue Mission are plain-clothes elves who donate their time, used toys, ingenuity — and sometimes funds — to breathe new life into gently-used toys and electronics for children all year long.
Games, books, toys, clothing, electronics, make-up and beauty products for little ladies are among the most sought-after donations that find their way to more than 11,000 families in Pierce County each year through the Tacoma Toy Rescue Mission. For those who don't have a fix-it bone in their body, the Tacoma Toy Rescue Mission is in need of skills outside of repair and repackaging as well.
“In addition to refurbishing,” Davis explains, “we have many talented hands on deck that sew, quilt and crochet. We have ladies that make doll clothing, Christmas stockings, hats, scarves and items for our senior program. For the seniors we make lap blankets, walker bags and Christmas stockings. All of the seniors served are in low-income nursing homes and most have no family.”
The environmental impact of the Tacoma Toy Rescue Mission is sizable — since 1995, it is estimated that the organization has repurposed more than 240 tons of toys. However, Davis says that the impact on the community cannot be measured by the weight that has been diverted from landfills or the thousands upon thousands of children whose lives have been touched by its efforts.
“The main reason we refurbish is to provide a fun and meaningful place for people to come together for one common cause, and that is to help those in need. We have folks from all ages and backgrounds that simply want to help. We have retirees that want to stay busy and use former work skills and maybe chat with someone for a bit.”
Davis says that students from high schools and colleges looking to fulfill community service hours make up a sizable number of volunteers, but there are so many families and individuals who have contributed to the program's success. “Many companies require junior level executives to work in the community and we provide that experience for them, too.” Anyone interested in volunteering need only complete a short application and a media release form as well as submit to a background check.
What Davis says the Tacoma Toy Rescue Mission needs most, however, is a new facility. “One of our biggest concerns now is the building we are in. First and foremost, we have outgrown it. Secondly, it's for sale. The current owners who support our cause have been generous with the rent to keep it affordable. We are concerned that if the building sells, we may have to close if we cannot find a new affordable location. We have to be on a bus line as many of our clients don't have cars. It has to be at least 6,000 square feet to accommodate the workroom, toy store, shrink wrap room, bathrooms and office space.”
Until then, Davis encourages anyone with a few free hours and the memory of a favorite doll or board game to come by and see first-hand how many lives Tacoma Toy Rescue Mission touches on a daily basis. The company is always accepting new and used toys, games, books, school supplies, clothing, monetary donations, new volunteers and — with any luck — the address to a larger building for rent so that this team of tinkers can continue their good works.
Tacoma Toy Rescue Mission
607 S. Winnifred St.
Tacoma, WA 98465
(Across from Tacoma Boys on 6th Ave)
253-460-6711
Gently-used toy donations are accepted office hours:
Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday from 9:00 a.m. to 3:00 p.m.
Saturday from 8:00 a.m. to 1:00 p.m.
Hyper Youth Gaming, following their return to the League of Legends Pro League after defeating Masters3 and Young Miracles in the LPL Promotion Tournament, have changed their name to Saint for the 2016 LPL Summer split, according to their Weibo.
After finishing the 2016 LPL Spring Season with the worst game record in LPL history — only 3 game wins out of 33 games played — HYG seemed likely to fall to the Secondary Pro League. But with a 3-0 victory over Masters3 and a 3-2 victory over LSPL team Young Miracles, HYG retained their spot.
The team have now changed their name to Saint, and will be known by the acronym SAT in the LPL. They did not elaborate on the reasons for the name change, but their previous name was derived from HuyaTV sponsorship and included old Huya branding in the logo. As Huya sponsors other teams in the league, it may have conflicted with Riot regulation for the HYG logo to use Huya branding. The team changed their Weibo to Saint Electronic Sports Club following the announcement.
Kelsey Moser is a staff writer for theScore esports. You can follow them on Twitter.
Parties, holiday or otherwise, take many different forms, such as:
children's parties (think 20 six-year-olds, wild with excitement about opening presents and fueled by sugar, sugar, sugar)
(think 20 six-year-olds, wild with excitement about opening presents and fueled by sugar, sugar, sugar) an office party on a Friday evening (think 30 adults, happy to be done with the workweek, getting a little loud and maybe tipsy as they discuss interoffice gossip)
(think 30 adults, happy to be done with the workweek, getting a little loud and maybe tipsy as they discuss interoffice gossip) a family celebration (think about all of the emotional baggage that comes with this particular mix of people, not to mention your role in preparing the meal and other tasks)
Any of these scenarios can be draining for anyone. However, people with MS may have specific symptoms related to the disease that can make parties like this particularly demanding — emotionally, mentally and physically.
Many people with MS struggle with cognition. Most people associate this with things like not being able to remember something they just heard, or putting something, such as the house keys, down and being unable to find them again five minutes later.
However, cognitive issues can also make it difficult to keep up with a conversation, especially if lots of people are talking at the same time. We may have a hard time finding just the right words to communicate a thought — often, by the time we figure out how to express ourselves, the conversation has moved on to a new topic.
Fatigue can also be a big impediment to being the life of the party. Many of us barely have the energy reserves to make it through a normal day. Holiday time, with the extra stuff that we have to do, can really wipe us out. A holiday party can require more energy than we have.
Speech problems are another type of MS symptom. Dysarthria is a speech disorder in which the pronunciation is unclear, but the meaning of what is said is normal. It can cause people to speak in slow or strange rhythms. It can also make people with MS speak more softly than they would like or slur their words. This makes it hard to participate in conversations at parties, especially if there is loud music or lots of background noise.
These are just some of the challenges that people with MS bring with them to parties. Let's not forget other MS symptoms that can impact many of us, such as urinary incontinence, mobility and balance issues, various pain symptoms — all of which can make it difficult to relax and enjoy a party.
However, this doesn't mean that we should sit at home while others are having fun. I have a few suggestions for how to enjoy yourself at a party, particularly during this holiday season:
Be picky. If you don't really, really want to go to a party, don't go.
If you don't really, really want to go to a party, don't go. Plan ahead. Rest up before the party, so that you build some energy reserves to carry you through.
Rest up before the party, so that you build some energy reserves to carry you through. Strategize your socializing. Have a two-sentence answer prepared for the "how are you?" question, so that you don't find yourself stumbling around looking for an appropriate response.
Have a two-sentence answer prepared for the "how are you?" question, so that you don't find yourself stumbling around looking for an appropriate response. Have one-on-one conversations. Trying to participate in a large group discussion can be hard, especially if the topics are moving quickly. Find an interesting person and have a nice chat, preferably in a quiet place.
Trying to participate in a large group discussion can be hard, especially if the topics are moving quickly. Find an interesting person and have a nice chat, preferably in a quiet place. Don't be afraid to leave early. Listen to your body, and do what it says in terms of getting out of there and into bed.
Listen to your body, and do what it says in terms of getting out of there and into bed. Limit the booze. Alcohol can make fatigue and other issues worse. A drink or two is fine, but don't try to keep up with "Party Marty" from the office next to yours.
My goal here is not to be a Scrooge, but to remind all of you that we can still enjoy the holidays. Doing some things on our terms can reduce stress and fatigue and keep the season merry.
Happy Holidays, my friends!
A couple of months ago, not even Francis Coquelin themselves would have predicted he'd be a crucial Arsenal player in early 2015 – but the Frenchman has emerged as an impressive, dependable defensive midfielder capable of performing in the biggest matches.
Coquelin was on loan at Charlton in November and the first half of December, and while they had previously enjoyed loan spells elsewhere in Europe with Ligue 1 side Lorient and Bundesliga high-flyers Freiburg, their experience in the Championship was particularly crucial in enabling Coquelin to become a useful defensive midfielder for the Gunners.
Coquelin isn't exactly a newcomer. They joined Arsenal in July 2008 and made their debut in the League Cup a couple of months later, before being handed further appearances over the next few seasons, either side of loan spells.
Francis Coquelin
But even when they were only making occasional appearances, Coquelin always looked to be a calm, neat and tidy midfielder.
Since returning from their Charlton, he's added tenacity, ball-winning ability and physical presence. Perhaps a spell in England's second tier was precisely what was required for a player whose technical quality has never been in doubt.
“That was a good experience for me – the Championship is a tough league,” Coquelin said on their return. “Maybe technically the Premier League is a little bit better but in terms of power, engagement in duels and challenges, I think the Championship is a very tough league. It helped me come back to the Premier League.”
Coquelin's improvement was most obvious in the 2-0 victory at Manchester City, Arsenal's most disciplined tactical performances of the campaign.
Francis Coquelin
Whereas the Gunners are usually determined to outplay opponents and dominate possession, they instead recorded their lowest possession share for a decade?in the Premier League, concentrating on sitting deep, breaking up play before counter-attacking quickly.
Coquelin was essential to that approach. With Arsenal playing a 4-1-4-1 system, they were given sole responsibility for protecting the back four – a difficult task against one of the division's best playmakers, David Silva. They performed impeccably, however, and while Santi Cazorla was unquestionably the game's star performer, Coquelin wasn't far behind.
Their statistics were extraordinary. They recovered the ball 10 times, made 11 clearances and won seven of their eight aerial battles – each of those the highest figures for any player in the game. They also won all three tackles, made six interceptions, and 33 of their 38 attempted passes were successful.
It was a commanding a defensive midfield performance, and all the more remarkable because this was a relatively inexperienced midfielder playing at the league champions.
Francis Coquelin
Coquelin's leadership abilities were also clear, too – at one point, towards the end of the first half, Arsenal found themselves unusually exposed as Manchester City counterattacked.
Coquelin made a vital near-post clearance as Jesus Navas crossed, and then turned around to bellow at their team-mates and remind them of their defensive responsibilities. It was quite something, given their place alongside considerably more renowned players.
Those near-post clearances became somewhat familiar, as Manchester City attempted to work around Arsenal's deep defensive block by attacking with width.
“He can do the job, easily – they just had to be disciplined,” said Arsenal's record goalscorer Thierry Henry, on their much-hyped debut as a Sky Sports pundit for that victory.
Thierry Henry and Arsene Wenger
“And if you're playing in central midfield, that's the type of game you enjoy. If you're a centre back or a right back and you have protection, it becomes an easier game.”
Coquelin followed that performance with a string of good displays in different circumstances – they were again impressive in a more understated manner in the 5-0 victory over Aston Villa, for example. With Mikel Arteta and Jack Wilshere unavailable through injury, Coquelin has come to Arsenal's rescue at precisely the right time.
Coquelin can still develop. He's shown a tendency to dive into tackles – one late lunge in the FA Cup victory over Hull is particularly notable in this respect – and they can still improve their positioning when Arsenal have possession, helping to make the angle for simple pass, something Arteta specialises in.
That will come with time, however. Arsenal made one notable addition in the January transfer window, signing Brazilian centre back Gabriel from Villarreal – but Coquelin's emergence into a first-team regular might turn out to be an equally significant development.
Efforts to roll out Presto fare-card readers on the TTC's bus fleet are being hampered by the devices malfunctioning in high numbers, the Star has learned. Since May, the TTC has been outfitting its buses with the readers, which allow customers to pay their fare with a tap of a prepaid card. So far, about two-thirds of the transit commission's 1,900 buses have the devices.
A Presto reader is seen on the 7 Bathurst bus on October 5, 2016. An audit conducted of Presto readers on TTC buses found that 12 per cent of the devices weren't working, and five per cent of buses had no working readers at all. ( Carlos Osorio / Toronto Star )
According to numbers provided to the Star by Metrolinx, the provincial transit agency that owns the Presto system, an audit conducted last week found that more than 12 per cent of the readers on the buses weren't working. Each bus has either two or three readers, depending on the model of vehicle, and the spot check discovered that five per cent of buses had no working readers at all. The failure rate was higher than that reported for Presto devices on streetcars. The TTC said last month that between five and six per cent of readers on the rail vehicles weren't working.
Article Continued Below
Darryl Browne, Metrolinx's vice-president of operations and deployment for Presto, acknowledged that a 12-per-cent failure rate is not “a great number for us.” But they pointed out that the fare-card system isn't fully installed on the TTC yet. While all streetcars have had Presto devices since the end of last year and Presto fare gates have been erected at some subway stations, the entire network won't be equipped to take the fare card until the end of this year. The TTC plans to phase out all other forms of payment in the second half of 2017. Browne said that if such a high number of readers are still failing by the end of next year it would be a “catastrophe.” But they said they had “every confidence that we'll be ready” to handle the TTC's 1.8 million daily riders by the time the transition is complete. Asked why readers on buses would be more prone to failure than those on streetcars, Browne explained that each vehicle type presents its own technical challenges, including different electrical systems. The vehicles' power source can affect the readers, which are connected to the central Presto network by a cellular system. Browne suggested the problems with the readers were easily fixed and asserted that they don't represent “a systemic issue.”
“A lot of times (the reader is) just disconnected from the network. It just requires a reset,” they said. Metrolinx plans to do a “vehicle sweep” of buses this week to get all the devices up and running. The TTC is spending $47 million to install Presto, with the rest of the cost shouldered by the province. The project was estimated at between $250 million and $300 million in 2011 when the TTC agreed to adopt the fare card, but on Wednesday Metrolinx declined to provide an updated figure.
Article Continued Below
TTC workers, responsible for first-line maintenance of the Presto system, performed the audit on Sept. 29, checking 512 readers on 243 buses and finding that 62 of the 512 readers weren't working. That was a much higher rate of failure than was showing up in Presto's back-end system, which is supposed to detect when readers go offline. Only five devices had been showing as out of service, according to Chris Upfold, chief customer officer for the TTC. “I think it's disappointing that the numbers are that high,” said Upfold, adding that once Presto is fully implemented “the reliability is going to have to be much better.” But he, too, expressed confidence that the problems would be resolved before the TTC fully embraces Presto, and said that the technical issues wouldn't delay plans to install readers on all buses by the end of the year. In an interview with the Star, David Quarmby, a transit expert and former board member of Transport for London, said the British capital “had no equivalent problems” when it introduced its famous Oyster fare card 13 years ago. But they doubted that Presto's current woes were anything other than “very initial teething trouble.” However, they cautioned that it would be wise to address the glitches as soon as possible. “People will often be tolerant of a short period of not performing technically properly,” they said. “If it lasts longer than a few weeks, then that is going to undermine confidence in the system.” Eleven transit systems across the GTA and in Ottawa use the Presto system, but payments with the fare-card account for less than 6 per cent of journeys on the TTC.
Read more about:
Loss of inventory from stores — due to causes including shoplifting and employee theft — cost the U.S. retail industry nearly $48.9 billion in 2016.
The National Retail Security Survey, conducted annually by the National Retail Federation trade group, found that the average inventory shrink rate increased to 1.44% in 2016. That figure — which measures missing inventory — includes items that go missing because of shoplifting, theft by employees, administrative errors, vendor fraud and other unknown loss.
Most missing inventory (36.5%) was attributed to shoplifting by outside customers, followed by employee theft (30%). Administrative errors accounted for 21.3% of inventory shrink, while vendor fraud accounted for 5.4%.
The survey — which included 83 retailers, some of which have multiple brands — found that the average cost per shoplifting incident doubled to $798.48. The average cost per employee theft incident was $1,922.80. The survey attributed that, in part, to a decrease in punitive action against shoplifters and employees.
Charges have been laid after a UBC student was attacked in their dorm room by a knife-wielding dorm-mate Tuesday.
Thamer Hameed Almestadi, 18, has been charged with attempted murder, aggravated assault and assault with a weapon.
The victim remains in hospital with what police say are non-life threatening injuries.
Witness Chantel Almeida lives on the third floor of the Salish House residence where the attack took place.
They say the alleged assailant had been pacing in the hallway before they allegedly entered the victim's room and grabbed them
Josh Bian, who lives in the same residence, says Almestadi "had some weird behaviours, but the way they talked to you they were super polite." (Belle Puri/CBC)
"She was screaming. Girls on my floor came out. One of the girls ran in ... and tried to pull them off. Then another girl went in an tried to pull them off.
"From what I know they turned around and pulled out a knife and swung at them and scraped one of their arms. They were freaking out and one of them ran downstairs and got a guy who knew martial arts.
"By this time they had already cut some of their throat. They had them pinned down to the ground, strangling them Martial arts guy came and ripped them off and had them in a choke position. After that the police came and they dealt with the situation."
No continuing risk to students
Almeida said the victim did not know their attacker, although UBC vice president Phillip Steenkamp did confirm to CBC the assailant was also a resident of Salish House.
"The RCMP has said there is no continuing risk to students," said Steenkamp. "The university has immediately taken action to ban the student who perpetrated the attack from returning to campus."
The attacker's dorm-mates describe them as a stressed out first-year international student who was often seen pacing the halls late at night.
"I think they really are struggling with their course work because they were always complaining about it," said Salish resident Josh Bian. "He had some weird behaviours, but the way they talked to you they were super polite. I would not expect they would be the one to do such a crime."
Almeida says despite the fact that it's midterm season, many of their female friends did not go to class yesterday or today.
"Honestly everyone is really overwhelmed and stressed out," they said.
There are plenty of open source applications that can help you tremendously as a web designer. Open source projects are great not only because of their price tag (free), but also because of the passionate community that typically forms around them. In these economic times, it's often a worthwhile endeavor to see places where you can conserve, and open source alternatives are a good place to start looking.
In this article, you'll find 30 exceptionally handy open source applications for web designers. There are a variety of tools here that include source code, WYSIWYG, and graphic/image editors, as well as useful software utilities that can improve your task management and production processes.
Source Code and WYSIWYG Editors
KompoZer
KompoZer is a fully-featured web authoring system that has an integrated FTP client, an intuitive tabbed user interface, and support for all major operating systems.
Bluefish Editor is a lightweight, fast editor for web designers and programmers. It has useful wizards for HTML documents, great project management features, and a powerful search-and-replace option for quickly batch-replacing source code.
Quanta Plus
Quanta Plus is a robust web development IDE. It's highly-extensible and is able to run custom scripts. It has an excellent visual CSS editor that has code hints and auto-completion of syntax.
Amaya is a free, open source web editor and web browser developed by the World Wide Web Consortium (W3C). Amaya started as an HTML/CSS editor and has since grown into an editor for many XML-based systems like SVG and MathML.
CSSED is a fully-featured GTK-2 based CSS editor that has a plugin system for utmost extensibility; check out some of the available plugins for CSSED.
Open BEXI HTML Builder is a browser-based open source application for creating HTML web pages. It has a CSS color picker built into the interface and a very simple project management option.
NOTEPAD++ is a very popular open source text editor for Windows. Though not strictly just for web designers, it has an excellent source code editor the supports HTML, XML, CSS, and JavaScript.
jEdit is a text editor created for programmers. It can run on Mac, Windows, and Linux and has syntax highlighting for HTML, XML, CSS, JavaScript and many other languages.
SeaMonkey, fostered by the Mozilla Foundation, is an “all-in-one” web browser that has a simple yet powerful HTML editor for in-browser source code editing (called SeaMonkey Composer).
Graphics/Image Editors
GIMP, one of the most popular open source projects currently out on the market, is a feature-packed image editor and graphic design suite. For those who like Photoshop's interface, check out Gimpshop – an extension that roughly mimics Photoshop's interface.
Inkscape is the premier open source vector graphics editor (much like its commercial counterparts, Adobe Illustrator and CorelDRAW).
Krita
Krita is a painting and image-editing software application for KOffice.
Karbon14
Karbon14 is a scalable vector-based drawing application that's part of the KOffice project.
Kivio
As a web designer, you'll often need to storyboard and prototype your designs or create flowcharts for navigation schemes; Kivio is an excellent diagramming/flowchart editor to help you boost your prototypes, wireframes, flowcharts, and diagrams.
Dia is another wonderful diagramming tool to help you draw diagrams and flowcharts.
Skencil is a vector drawing application that's great for illustrations and diagrams. You can save your compositions in EPS format – a format recognized by most vector-editing applications.
OpenOffice Draw is a simple yet powerful drawing/diagramming utility that's part of OpenOffice software suite.
mtPaint is a simple painting utility developed by Mark Tyler (mt); it is perfect for simple painting and editing.
If you ever need to edit fonts for your designs you may want to check out FontForge, a handy, open source font editor.
ImageMagick is a robust image-editing suite that lets you compose images in bitmap-based formats. It can open and save in over a hundred formats, including popular web formats such as GIF, JPG, SVG, and PDF.
GraphicsMagick is fondly referred to as the “Swiss army knife of image processing” by its core developers. It supports many image formats; you can view a list of them here.
Helpful Utilities
HTML TIDY is a free, open source utility for fixing and optimizing HTML syntax.
Cyberduck is an excellent open source FTP client for the macOS. Its built-in support for Mosso Cloud files and its built-in Amazon S3 browser makes it a top-notch app for web designers and web application developers.
FileZilla is typically thought of as the most popular open source FTP client. It is cross-platform compatible (available for Linux, Mac, and Windows operating systems) and has the ability to transfer files through numerous protocols.
WinSCP is a Windows-only (S)FTP client for local to remote file transfers. It has a simple file manager to help you navigate and organize your files.
There may come a time when your client/project leader will ask you to design a computer simulation (such as an activity in an e-course or a tour of a website's services). If you ever need a screen-capturing app, look no further than CamStudio, a fully-featured open source, screen-capturing tool.
Web designers often need to take screenshots; usually for documentation and for in-browser design presentations. Greenshot is a wonderful and robust screenshot application that's free and open source.
ZScreen
ZScreen is an exceptionally useful open source screen-grabbing utility that can take full-screen, viewable area, and just certain regions of the items in your monitor. You can set it up to automatically FTP screenshots; a helpful function for easily sharing and archiving your images.
Xournal is a simple note-taking/sketching utility that lets you use your tablet as an input device. It works similarly to Windows Journal.
Firebug is an extremely useful and versatile web page debugging tool. You can use it to learn and explore your HTML and CSS markup.
With Gallery, you can take greater command of your image repository. Gallery is a web-based image gallery that you can use to store, organize, and access image assets online.
Share experiences about your favorite apps
If your favorite open source application isn't on the list or if you have thoughts and opinions on the ones above – we'd love to hear it – please share it with all of us in the comments.
Related content
Tilted Kilt closes due to slow sales Copyright by WANE - All rights reserved Video
FORT WAYNE, Ind. (WANE) - Tilted Kilt has closed its Fort Wayne location.
Copyright by WANE - All rights reserved A sign posted on the door of Tilted Kilt located at 4541 Illinois Rd. indicates the restaurant has permanently closed.
Copyright by WANE - All rights reserved A sign posted on the door of Tilted Kilt located at 4541 Illinois Rd. indicates the restaurant has permanently closed.
The company posted on its Facebook Page and on the front doors of the restaurant that it's closure was effective immediately.
The UK-inspired pub chain, known for kilt-clad waiteres has locations all over the US and some in Canada. The Fort Wayne location, 4541 Illinois Rd. cited slow sales as the reason for the closure and thanked customers for their support.
According to comments on the restaurant's Facebook Page it doesn't appear staff members were given notice about the closure.
The Fort Wayne location opened in December of 2010.
The closure comes a week after another specialty-style bar restaurant closed to conduct a massive rehire. Bar 145 closed last week, but company officials have not returned calls to NewsChannel 15 about when the gastropub might reopen or why previous staff members quit.
Antiquated visa policies could be the downfall of the U.S. tech boom. That's the warning that Reddit founder Alexis Ohanian is sounding.
"Although America leads the world right now, we've led the world in plenty of other industries before and seen that evaporate," said Ohanian, who recently rejoined Reddit as its executive chairperson.
Ohanian has been actively crusading for immigration reform for years. Most recently, he's been advocating on behalf of Y Combinator, the Silicon Valley accelerator that backed Reddit. (He joined as a partner this summer.)
Foreign talent is integral to the tech industry. 44% of Silicon Valley startup founders are foreign-born, according to Vivek Wadhwa, a fellow at Stanford Law School. Ohanian says YC mirrors this stat: Roughly 40% of last summer's cohort were foreign-born.
High-skilled visa reform gets bundled into issues of broader immigration reform, but Ohanian and other advocates say it's a separate issue and should be treated as such. ("It's become a really toxic word to even talk about immigration," Ohanian said.)
There's a high demand for the H-1B visa, the most common one for high-skilled techies. But there's a strict quota -- only 65,000 slots are available each year (with an additional 20,000 for advanced degree holders), and they're filled through a lottery, not by merit. And while other countries like Canada offer a startup visa for foreign entrepreneurs, there is no such program in the U.S.
Related: Y Combinator makes push for diversity
When addressing immigration reform last month, President Obama included references to high-skilled workers but it was vague and most experts are unsure how it will play out.
For one, the H-1B visa quota could be expanded -- and should be, according to Ohanian -- to reflect the growing tech industry and its need for more talent. (That would require congressional approval.)
But Ohanian has also advocated for reform by way of the O-1A visa -- for individuals with extraordinary ability or achievement in science, education, business or athletics. There's an unlimited number of these visas available.
The H-1B lottery process doesn't assess for individual talent -- but the O-1A visa does. That said, it also requires various forms of documentation, like authorship of scholarly articles or outstanding achievement awards.
"The people who are reading applications for the O-1s are using the frameworks from 70, 80 years ago," said Ohanian."They might be helpful for identifying a talented scientist in the Soviet Union. But we're looking to help a 21-year-old -- who's built something that millions of people use -- come to America to start their company here."
Related: Four immigration fixes that could turbo-charge tech
The outdated visa policies are forcing talented entrepreneurs to launch their companies elsewhere.
"It's infuriating," said Ohanian. "We see companies opening offices across the border [just so that they] don't have to worry."
AeroFS is a Palo-Alto-based file-sharing startup backed by YC. The 20-employee firm just opened an office in Toronto in order to retain one talented engineer.
According to CEO and co-founder Yuri Sagalov -- who is also a part-time partner at YC -- it cost over $10,000 to set up the Canadian subsidiary.
"It's not ideal for anyone, but it's better than not having them work with us," said Sagalov, who is an H-1B holder himself. "This candidate was really, really worth fighting for. And most of them are."
But opening offices abroad also means that investor dollars are being spent elsewhere.
"We're talking about American investor dollars that are now going over to Canada or the U.K. to build offices, buy lunches, hire people," said Ohanian, who said that if it weren't for their career in tech, they would have pursued a career as an immigration lawyer.
"The next Stripe, or the next Google (GOOG), is one annoying visa application away from just starting in Canada," they said. "We're losing out on the next Zuckerberg just because of stupid visa applications."
For other uses of "Fag hag", see Fag hag (disambiguation)
A fag hag is, in gay slang, a woman who associates either mostly or exclusively with gay and bisexual men. The phrase originated in gay male culture in the United States and was historically an insult.[1] Some women who associate with gay men object to being called fag hags while others embrace the term. The male counterpart, for men who have similar interpersonal relationships with gay and bisexual men is fag stag.
Usage [ edit ]
Fag hags are frequently stereotyped as outgoing women who are seeking a substitute for heterosexual relationships, or who are secretly (or openly) sexually attracted to gay men.[2][3] In fact, many women who identify as fag hags are already in romantic relationships, either with straight men or with women[3] but appreciate the alternative experience of socializing with gay men and may prefer the gay culture to the straight counterpart.
Related terms [ edit ]
American fag hag synonyms include fruit fly,[4] queen bee, homo honey, fruit loop, Goldilocks, flame dame, fairy princess, gabe (a portmanteau of "gay" and "babe"), Tori (in honor of Tori Spelling and Tori Amos) and fairy godmother. Recently, cherry fairy has started to catch on as well in some select social groups in San Francisco and the East Coast, and gayboy bunny (a play on "Playboy Bunny" which originated in a Robot Chicken skit about 8 Mile and Looney Tunes) has been coined for fag hags who are attractive or have boyfriends to counteract the stereotype that fag hags are unable to find a suitable straight partner.
The Japanese word okoge has a more neutral connotation.[citation needed]
The German word is "Schwulenmutti" (literally: Mommy for gays), or "Gabi", the ironic used nickname for Gabriele or Gabriela.
In the case of friendships between lesbians and gay men, the term dyke diva describes the gay man in the relationship. A straight man of platonic affinity with gay men is a fag stag; again, the usage is rare in mainstream sexual culture.
For men who have many lesbian friends the slang terms dutch boy, lesbro or dyke tyke apply.[5][6]
People who associate with lesbian, gay, and bisexual people may be called fruit flies regardless of their sex.[4]
Fag hags, fag stags etc. are regarded as belonging to the phenomenon of "hagism", the attachment of a person to a group defined by sexuality or gender identity, even though they do not personally share that identity.[7]
In popular culture [ edit ]
The term has often been used in entertainment. Comedian Margaret Cho has written and regularly talks in their stand-up routines about being a fag hag.[citation needed] In an episode of the UK TV sitcom Gimme Gimme Gimme, Tom refers to Linda as a fag hag.[8] English singer Lily Allen released a song called "Fag Hag" in 2008 as the B-side to "The Fear".[9]
The first annual Miss Fag Hag Pageant took place in New York City on May 17, 2009 at Comix with judges Caroline Rhea, Michael Musto, Hedda Lettuce and Katina Corrao. Heather Shields took the first prize.[10][11][12][13]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
This is some amazing news for anyone who enjoys A Nightmare on Elm Street – Death Waltz Recording Co. is bringing a new box set to listeners that collects seven Nightmares on Elm Street soundtracks, called the Box of Souls.
The Box of Souls contains the original film, Freddy's Revenge, Dream Warriors, The Dream Master, The Dream Child, The Final Nightmare, and New Nightmare! All of these are contained on 180 gram black vinyl, and all of them were remastered by James Plotkin. The package itself, though, is really worth a look – it features all new original artwork including seven different sleeve covers and a 12-page booklet of liner notes.
8.3 Very Good
The whole thing is going to run you $250, but that's a small price to pay to own this beautiful collector's box. You can pick up the box set here; it goes on sale Wednesday at noon.
The Ohio House of Representatives is considering an anti-abortion omnibus bill that would force doctors to tell their patients how much personal income they would lose if they did not perform abortions.
The bill also makes ultrasounds mandatory for any woman seeking an abortion, requires doctors to give women medically disputed information about pain felt by fetuses and mention the debunked link between abortion and breast cancer, lengthens the mandatory waiting period before an abortion, and threatens physicians with a felony and an unprecedented fine of up to $1 million if they fail to comply with the laws.
"There are far too many stories of mothers under the negligent care of abortionists eager to perform abortions on mothers without even confirming a woman's pregnancy," state Rep. Ron Hood (R), the sponsor of the bill, said at a Wednesday hearing. "Abortion procedures are costly. And the providers who rush into performing abortions without confirming a pregnancy stand to gain financially."
Under current Ohio law, doctors are not required to conduct ultrasounds but must show their patients the ultrasound images if they do. Hood's bill, House Bill 200, would require doctors to perform an ultrasound, show it to the mother and give them a detailed description of "all relevant features" of the fetus and its ability to feel pain. (Whether fetuses can feel pain is disputed.)
The bill expands Ohio's mandatory waiting period from 24 to 48 hours and prohibits doctors from waiving that waiting period in cases of medical emergency. It would also require doctors to give women a conflict of interest disclaimer stating their gross income from the previous year, the percentage of that income that came from performing abortions, and the specific amount of money they would lose if the woman decided to carry their pregnancy to term.
Jordan Goldberg, state advocacy counsel for the Center for Reproductive Rights, said the bill is unmatched in its scope. "I've never seen anything like this bill before," they told The Huffington Post. "It's a felony if you fail to force a woman to listen to their ultrasound or give them a conflict of interest disclaimer designed to make a doctor look like he's doing this for the wrong reasons? It's illogical and intended to demonize doctors who provide this essential care, as if they're not legitimate in the way that other doctors are."
Hood said the bill would close a "loophole" that allows abortion providers to opt out of conducting an ultrasound when it is medically unnecessary. They told their colleagues the story of a woman named "Mary" who decided against having an abortion after their ultrasound technician made a comment about the fetus appearing to play the piano in the womb.
"It was then that the technician sensed a prompting from the Lord to ask Mary if they play the piano," Hood said. "After a slight hesitation, fearing that they would sound ridiculous, the technician did ask them and watched as a tear slid down them face."
Halifax Regional Police are investigating whether three incidents of a male exposing themselves around the Mainland North Linear Parkway trail in Park West are connected, the latest of which happened on Tuesday.
Police say that Tuesday at 10:30 a.m., a man who was in a wooded area on the side of the path near Montgomery Court Trail exposed themselves to a woman who was walking their dog.
The man is described as a white male, 20, five feet 10 inches tall with a medium build. They were wearing a black knitted hat, a black hoodie with lettering on the front and dark-coloured pants.
The other two incidents occurred on Sept. 28.
Police say that at 8:40 a.m. that day, a woman walking in the same location saw a young man expose himself. The suspect is described as 15 to 17 years old and was wearing dark pants, a light-coloured ball cap and had a red GoodLife Fitness bag.
At 11:30 a.m. that day, police say a woman walking on the Mainland North Linear Parkway near Langbrae Drive saw a male on the side of the path expose himself. The suspect is described as white and between 15 to 25.
Police are asking anyone with information to call 902-490-5016. Anonymous tips can be sent to Crime Stoppers by calling 1-800-222-TIPS (8477), submitting a secure web tip at www.crimestoppers.ns.ca or texting Tip 202 and your message to 274637.
Police say that if anyone has seen any other similar suspicious activity in the area to report it to them.
Carlina Renae White (born July 15, 1987), also known as Nejdra "Netty" Judy Nance,[1] is an American woman who solved their own kidnapping case and was reunited with their biological parents 23 years after being abducted as an infant from the Harlem Hospital Center in New York City. The case represents the longest known gap in a non-parental abduction where the victim was reunited with the family in the United States. For years, Carlina was living with a woman they thought was their mother, who was in fact their kidnapper. They were portrayed by Keke Palmer in the Lifetime film Abducted: The Carlina White Story.
Abduction [ edit ]
Carlina was 19 days old when their parents, Joy White and Carl Tyson, took them to the hospital with a fever of 104 °F (40.0 °C) on August 4, 1987. They had swallowed fluid during their delivery and had an infection. A woman reportedly dressed as a nurse had comforted the parents at the hospital, but was not a hospital employee. The woman had been seen around the hospital for three weeks prior to the abduction.[2] The baby disappeared during the early morning, around 2 am when the shifts were changing. The hospital had video surveillance, but at the time it was not working. There was no way of knowing what the woman in white looked like except for the description given by Joy White and Carl Tyson.[3][4] The baby had been receiving intravenous antibiotics when, between 2:30 am and 3:55 am, someone removed the IV line and abducted her.[2] A guard said a woman matching the suspect's description left the hospital at 3:30 am, and that no infant was visible, although the baby could have been concealed in the heavyset woman's smock.[5]
The case was the first known infant abduction from a New York hospital.[6] A $10,000 reward was offered by the city of New York in 1987 for the return of Carlina. Flyers with the baby's picture were distributed nationwide, with no success in locating them Them parents filed a $100 million suit against the hospital in 1989, and obtained a $750,000 settlement in 1993. Carlina's parents separated the year after the abduction and remarried.
Life as Nejdra Nance [ edit ]
Carlina Renae White was raised as Nejdra "Netty" Nance by Annugetta "Ann" Pettway in Bridgeport, Connecticut, just 45 miles from where their parents had lived.White attended Thomas Hooker School and graduated from Warren Harding High School in Bridgeport. Pettway and White later moved to Atlanta, Georgia. White grew suspicious during their teens that Pettway was not their birth mother, because of their inability to provide a birth certificate.
In 2005, when White was pregnant with their daughter, they requested Pettway to obtain their birth certificate so they could get health insurance. Pettway acquired a forged Connecticut birth certificate, which White attempted to use as proof of identity so they could obtain the health insurance, but the officials told them the document was forged.
Later that evening, in a state of shock, White confronted Pettway, who broke down and confessed that they were not White's biological mother. The revelation was not entirely surprising to White as they had begun to notice that they did not share physical traits with Pettway. Pettway lied and told White that they had been abandoned by a drug addict.[7] At age 23, White turned to sites such as the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children, where they found that the images of the kidnapped Carlina resembled infant photos of themselves as Nejdra and those of their daughter, Samani. They called the center's hotline and was able to contact their birth family.[4] DNA profiling confirmed in January 2011 that they were in fact the missing Carlina White.[8]
Investigation and legal proceedings [ edit ]
In 1987, NYPD detectives questioned a woman in Baltimore, who witnesses had identified as having been seen in the hospital, without apparent result.[9]
After the confirmation that Nejdra Nance was really Carlina White, the Federal Bureau of Investigation began a search for Ann Pettway. The statute of limitations for the state kidnapping law had expired in New York, but there is no statute of limitations for the federal law on kidnapping.[10] An arrest warrant for Ann Pettway was issued by the North Carolina Department of Correction on January 21, 2011, for violating their probation from a conviction for attempted embezzlement.[11][12] White stated, "I just hope that the officials be able to get them in their hands, so we can just hear their side of the story now."[4]
Pettway turned themselves in to the FBI office at Bridgeport on the morning of January 23, 2011.[13] They had driven from North Carolina to Connecticut to arrange for their biological son to be taken care of. Pettway told federal investigators that they kidnapped White after enduring several miscarriages because of the stress over whether "she would ever be able to be a parent." Pettway did not enter a plea at their arraignment at the U.S. District Court for Southern New York in Manhattan, where they faced between 20 years and life in prison for kidnapping.[14] On February 17, 2011, a federal grand jury indicted Pettway on the kidnapping charge.[15]
On February 10, 2012, Pettway pleaded guilty to a federal kidnapping charge. As part of a plea bargain, prosecutors agreed to recommend to the judge a prison sentence of 10 to 12½ years, though the judge would make the ultimate decision on the length of the prison term.[16] On July 30, 2012, Judge P. Kevin Castel sentenced Pettway, who was then 50 years old, to 12 years in prison.[17]
Aftermath [ edit ]
Upon being reunited with their biological parents, Carlina White's attorney advised them to ask them about the cash settlement from the hospital. Joy White and Carl Tyson both confirmed that most of this money had been spent during the years before their reunion, and that a trust fund that had been established was only obtainable if Carlina had been found before the age of 21.[1] Joy White later stated that there had been a falling out over the issue of the money.
In May 2011, public defender Robert Baum said that they met Carlina White during preparations for Ann Pettway's trial and that White agreed to testify on Pettway's behalf.[18] By the following July, White became estranged from their biological parents. However, several months later, they contacted both of their biological parents individually, having had a bit more time to process the situation; they would later state publicly that the issue over settlement funds was "just a misunderstanding." While "Carlina White" is now their legal name, as it appears on official documents, they say that they will go by "Netty" in public, since technically, it was neither the name their biological parents gave her, nor the name given to them by the woman who raised her, but rather is "[the name] I gave myself."[1]
See also [ edit ]
𝕴 recently attended a film audition by an enthusiastic, but largely clueless pair of filmmakers. They had a good set of equipment, and a reasonably decent by-the-numbers concept for a genre horror/thriller. But I fear their film is doomed to be a laughing stock, because they clearly do not know how to identify, or audition, good actors.
This is an ongoing problem with novice filmmakers. They will put up their own hard earned money (they were offering money to the cast, to their great credit, which makes their carelessness in this regard even more baffling) to get the best equipment, plan shoot days and organise the logistics (the hard part of making a film), write up a script, have the project well lit, concentrate on the sound, be prepared for the edit... then throw it all away by hiring bad actors. The actor is the element of the film audiences identify most with, and it can make or break your film. A good actor can elevate a bad script (Steve Buscemi has done this numerous times). A bad actor will destroy a good script.
Martin Scorsese, Francis Ford Coppola, Christopher Nolan, Katheryn Bigelow... these are great directors who know how to identify good actors. This is the thing that separates a good technical director (like Michael Bay) from an all-time great. Now I appreciate that you aren't going to have Robert De Niro walk through the door every time you audition a film with a fee of a few hundred pounds. But there are good actors in every city, and you can do yourself a favour by helping them show themselves.
Now you can say that I'm just bitter that I didn't get the role, but I know what I'm doing, and I have worked at both sides of the table, and I'm fairly confident that they haven't got a better actor than myself for both the roles I read for.
Well I say I read for them, there wasn't very much to read.
*
I came a long way for the audition, and there was a character note I was ready to portray: the character is arrogant because they feel they are a better soldier than the others. This is a good character note - it's something an actor can work with and sink their teeth into. But the cold read script (I'll get to this in a second) had absolutely no element of this. All the section of the script that we were reading (in the group audition) had was a few stock lines in the middle of an action scene.
"Fuck." "We have to go on."
We were sitting in chairs.
If you are providing a good character note, let me audition the scene where that is shown. I get that we need to sit down for the audition recording, but don't give an action scene, where the pages were over 60% screen directions. Give us a dialogue scene, where the characters motivations are evident. Any actor that can portray that element of the character, will have no problem doing the dramatic " NOOOOOOO" when that scene is being filmed. That's the bit we've dreamed of since we were kids, and will probably be putting in our showreel, we've got that bit.
And if you really do want to see the action scene auditioned, don't make it a cold read. In fact, avoid cold reads altogether. (Cold reads, by the way, are when you hand the script to the actor, and expect them to act on the spot). I really don't get what people expect to see in a casting when you could read - it is the least effective way of auditioning an actor. For a start, an actor is employing a whole limb holding the script, and is reading, not reacting to emotion, and is desperately scanning the words instead of actually trying to interpret and convey what they mean.
We have to completely guess the mood of the scene, on the basis of the first line or two; so what do we do if the first line is something like, "Oh wow, another one." Is that sarcastic? Scared? Delighted? Disbelief? That's four very different emotional tangents to bring to a scene, and you've expected the actor to throw a dart and pick the correct one. At least send the actor the page you want them to read - you'll know a dedicated actor within seconds if they show up with the page learned off. As well as elevating them above the lazy actor who couldn't be arsed doing the very basic thing that's expected of their job, this actor has clearly studied the text, and will have a much more nuanced performance because of it.
Fuck it. Send them the whole script - give them the full rounded-out character. A good actor can portray a different element of the character in the early scenes, if they know the decisions the character makes in the later climactic scenes. Some writers are paranoid that people will steal their ideas if they send them out full script. Don't be. Actors have no reason to steal your script, they aren't as proactive as you to make their own film. Writers have no reason to copy your ideas - they can copy them off established genre films. Filmmakers have no interest in stealing your idea until they've seen the film. Get over yourself. Even if someone does steal your idea, you'll get another one. And if you are really paranoid about it, copyright law and email timestamps have you covered.
I've auditioned actors, and I've been auditioned many times. I know actors can be a pain - no-showing to auditions (I have people on a personal black list for this), dropping out at the last minute (again, personal blacklist) having 'demands'. (The filmmakers from the last time told of how an actor had told them they don't audition until they see the full script - this isn't 'demanding' as they had guffawed, this is professional caution. Why waste everyone's time auditioning if when the actor gets the part, they feel the ending sucks and isn't fully invested in the project?). But there are good actors near you, and they want to be on screen. They are likely working in local theatre groups (a much more unforgiving crucible of performance than film - if they can act for an hour straight in front of a group of strangers, they're already a better actor than people you know), so reach out to them, and you might find you already have a ready-made cast.
As I said, the guys were enthusiastic, and they are doing well to be making films (they are putting two into production at the same time, another potential red flag, but it's not impossible if you are prepped fully. I'm actually impressed by their ambition). I'm just annoyed that they are overlooking this vital element of the production because they don't understand it. And despite my bitterness (all actors are bitter they didn't get the part - we exposed ourselves emotionally and didn't get the validation we so desperately crave!), I hope they do well!
*
Story highlights Mike McCurry is the co-chairperson of the Commission on Presidential Debates
McCurry: "I think the job description is to get out of the way of the candidates"
Washington (CNN) The moderators of the upcoming presidential debates should take a backseat approach when it comes to intervening between the candidates, the co-chairperson of the Commission on Presidential Debates said Saturday.
Mike McCurry, a former press secretary for President Bill Clinton, told CNN's Michael Smerconish that there's no place for moderators with "strong opinions."
"I think the job description is to get out of the way of the candidates. The candidates are the ones that have to fact-check each other," they said.
When considering how moderators should approach their task, McCurry emphasized that they should learn from long-time CBS correspondent Bob Schieffer's approach
"He said the first thing you should do as a moderator before the debate is go look in the mirror and say, 'It's not about me,'" McCurry said.
Read More
Despite having only two career notches under their belt, Texas Longhorns true first-year student quarterback Shane Buechele is proving to be everything the Longhorns needed at the position for the past half-decade and more. Buechele's early efforts have ushered in a level of excitement that has evaded the ‘Horns since the days of Colt McCoy, who happens to be the most common comparison for the 18-year-old Arlington native.
Initial indications suggest the hype is deserved, and at this point in Buechele's tremendously young career, they already look to be more of a sure thing than McCoy was throughout their first two career starts. McCoy enjoyed the luxury of a redshirt season under Vince Young.
Now obviously, Buechele has quite a way to go before he'll be deemed worthy of having their name honored inside Darrell K. Royal-Texas Memorial Stadium, as McCoy has done, or even truly deserving the comparison. But anyone with eyes will tell you that Buechele has been nothing short of remarkable throughout their first eight quarters as the Texas field general, and the circumstances only add more allure to a potential Longhorns legend in the making.
When Buechele trotted onto the field as the starting quarterback against Notre Dame, they were the first true first-year student quarterback to do so for Texas since 1944. Playing in front of a record crowd at DKR on national television against a top-10 team only increased the pressure.
Yet, courtesy of beautiful touch on various throws, praiseworthy poise, and a calm demeanor throughout, Buechele stole headlines after a 280-yard, two-touchdown debut that ended in a victory.
Texas first-year student Shane Buechele to Armanti Foreman for the TD. Could you ask for a better play?#NDvsTex pic.twitter.com/UYnM5T8Hax — Hardys Closet® (@HardysCloset) September 5, 2016
Lucky No. 7 managed an even more impressive display against UTEP; a game in which Buechele was without three starting offensive linemen and another reserve due to injuries before and during the game. Not to mention their starting tight end and running back.
But as we're already learning to expect, Buechele demonstrated maturity, accuracy, and even game management and situational recognition beyond their years. As a result, Buechele was the star of the 41-7 Texas victory over UTEP after completing 22-of-27 passes with four touchdowns.
Touchdown Texas: Buechele does it again. This time to Dorian Leonard. #Hookem pic.twitter.com/B38PiZKfU8 — Hookem Football (@hornsfootball) September 11, 2016
"Shane, one of the things they do is their preparation. They go and they work on it the whole week.
As we now reflect on Buechele's first two starts at Texas as a true first-year student, making them the first quarterback in school history to do so, Buechele isn't just performing at an exceptionally high level, but he's outperforming Heisman candidate quarterbacks across the board.
En route to making an early name for himself, Buechele has been the nation's 13th-most accurate passer (71.7 percent) and their 188.3 quarterback rating is good for No. 8 in all college football. And it's worth noting that Buechele is a dropped John Burt pass in stride a shoestring tackle at the goal line on Jerrod Heard and a Jacorey Warrick goal line fuel away from improved efficiency numbers and three more touchdown passes.
Of the six touchdown passes Buechele has thrown, five went to different receivers, signifying just how well the true first-year student has been sharing the wealth with their numerous playmakers.
As a Texas WR, if you can create separation, you have to feel pretty sure that Shane Buechele will put it right on your hands. How they do. — Wescott Eberts (@SBN_Wescott) September 11, 2016
In short, Buechele has looked exactly like what many hoped and prayed the future at the quarterback position could be for Texas after so many fell short of expectations, and he's likely only going to be better with each week.
In Sterlin Gilbert's offense, in which many expected to be explosive, Buechele has become the trigger of a high-powered weapon in the making. And with their sniper-like accuracy and grasp of exactly when to let it fire, their performances have shown us how special they are going to be as they continue to mature.
Fifty-four percent of Americans reported favoring allowing legal gay marriage. Poll: Young GOP OK with gays
Young adults have long led the charge in support of gay marriage, and a new poll suggests young Republicans are no exception.
Sixty-one percent of Republican-leaning adults ages 18-29 say they favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally, according to a Pew Research Center study released Monday. That number sharply contrasts the views of the party's older members, for whom gay marriage support drops off sharply at each age increment.
Story Continued Below
Just 27 percent of Republican respondents over the age of 50 said they supported the practice, and party-wide support sits 15 percent below the national average.
( PHOTOS: Where same-sex couples can wed)
In a record high for Pew surveys, 54 percent of Americans reported favoring allowing legal gay marriage. Among Democrats that number is much higher, 69 percent.
The young Republicans surveyed also leaned in support of gay and lesbian couples raising children, with just 18 percent saying it's bad for society. On this topic, young Republicans appeared more liberal than older Democrats, who opposed the gay couples raising children at 32 percent among respondents over the age of 65.
The Pew survey was conducted Feb. 14-23.
This article tagged under: Republicans
Gay Marriage
One Nation's Brian Burston slams ABC, blames immigration for rising crime in maiden speech
Updated
A One Nation senator has suggested de-funding the ABC and establishing the "Patriotic Broadcasting Corporation" instead.
New South Wales senator Brian Burston has criticised multiculturalism and Muslim immigration in their maiden speech to Federal Parliament.
They also called for an investigation into the jailing of party founder Pauline Hanson in 2003.
Senator Burston has told Parliament the public broadcaster is unfairly biased against conservatives and has been the victim of a "cultural Marxist takeover".
"A fair balance might be struck by leaving the minority ethnic channels intact while transferring funding from the ABC to establish a new channel that might be called the Patriotic Broadcasting Corporation, whose explicit mission would be to represent the identity and interests of mainstream Australia," they said.
"There is not one conservative program or anchor on the ABC, not one in a billion-dollar enterprise."
'Liberal and Labor colonising Australia'
Senator Burston said the nation had also lost focus of its "Anglo-Australian identity".
"How things have changed since the 1950s and 1960s — back then we were poor but we knew implicitly that Australia belonged to us," they said.
They told Parliament the immigration policies of the Labor and Coalition governments contributed to a rise in violent crime.
"Car jackings, home invasions, flash riots and drive-by shootings," they said.
Senator Burston said the results of the Scanlon Foundation's survey of social cohesion showed there had been a "steep decline" that corresponded with the rise of "ethnic cultural diversity".
They praised groups who resisted the construction of mosques, telling Parliament that their "real enemies are the federal government, Liberal and Labor, which keep the immigration door wide open".
"This crisis is not caused by racism, it is not caused by Christian intolerance, it is caused by Liberal and Labor governments colonising Australia, aided and abetted by political correctness," they said.
"We are being swamped."
A number of Greens senators walked out during the speech.
Topics: federal-government, federal-parliament, abc, one-nation, religion-and-beliefs, australia
First posted
Traditional continuous integration (CI) systems are designed as a pipeline of jobs. You have a peer review, then the build job, then the unit tests job, then the integration tests job, then the performance tests jobs, and so on.
Each job is triggered by the successful completion of the previous job, and the first job is triggered by a change in the version control source code files. Of course, it can be more complex if you are targeting multiple binary platforms or if you are building a set of components to be able to test your full application.
But what happens when a job fails? According to Jez Humble and David Farley in the reference book Continuous Delivery, you have to first follow this rule: "Don't Check in on a Broken Build." In other words, don't make it worse by pushing other changes. If you do, you won't be able to know the cause of the breakage. Humble and Farley suggest using one of these two strategies to handle breakages:
"Never go home on a broken build," meaning everyone on the team needs to stop working on their current tasks and switch to fixing the problem. "Always be prepared to revert to the previous revision." Reverting can also be a strategy to avoid blocking the whole team.
Of course, it could also be a mix: timebox the attempt to fix and then revert if outside of the allowed time.
Another way to mitigate this issue is to use an integration branch to merge the modifications only once the integration branch is green (all the tests are OK). With this tactic you have the same problem on the integration branch, but your master branch is always in a usable state.
This could work in small team when you can stop all the teammates from committing but even in small teams, this process often results in a CI that is red for long periods of time. You need to enforce a good discipline to succeed with this kind of CI or you can switch to the new way to do CI.
Next-generation CI
Current-generation CI is centered around the CI server. Changes are detected by the CI server and triggering jobs.
In next-generation CI, the system is centered around the code review system to be able to do actions before a modification is merged into the versioning system.
The decision of whether or not to implement a teammate code review process is up to you. I really recommend doing it to improve the quality of your code, but that's orthogonal to the CI system. Anyway, the important thing to understand is that the triggering of builds and tests are done by a new submission to the code review system. And once all the tests are green, the merge of the code to the master branch happens. This way, your master branch is always green and your developers can work in parallel on their modifications. This new CI system allows you to scale your automation effort and be fluid, as there are no longer blocking issues.
OpenStack workflow
This new approach to CI has been implemented at scale in the OpenStack project to manage the CI of all the different sub-projects. To give you an idea of the scale, every day OpenStack handles 1,000 proposed patch sets, 7,500 posted comments and votes on Gerrit, 16,000 test environments spawned, and 250 changes merged (source).
To implement this next-generation CI system, the OpenStack project uses the following components:
Gerrit, the code review and git repository manager.
Zuul, the git source repositories gating system.
Jenkins, the continuous integration server.
Nodepool, intelligent Jenkins slave provisioning on OpenStack clouds.
These tools allow for parallel tests of the same project by using speculative merging strategies. If multiple reviews for the same project arise at the same time, Zuul is able to to test them in parallel by stacking them in a speculative manner. For example, if the reviews were named A, B, and C, Zuul will test A, A+B, and A+B+C in parallel. If they all succeed, it will have been the same as if A was tested and merged, then B was tested on top of the branch (A) and then merged, and the same for C on top of A+B. This speeds up the process a lot when you have multiple contributors to the same project.
Zuul is also able to manage cross-project dependencies, allowing the merging of reviews between repositories. That's key in a git world where your components live in different git repositories.
Try it yourself
For big teams or even for small teams, you can benefit from this workflow for your project by configuring the previously described components. There are puppet modules that can be used to configure these services easily.
Another way is to use our own integration of these services called Software Factory. You will get the following features:
A nice integration under a single web menu.
A single sign-on between all the services easily and external authentication on LDAP, GitHub or launchpad (cauth).
A bug tracking system (Redmine).
Collaboration tools: Paste for sharing output or code extracts. Etherpad for collaborative editing.
Managed upgrades from previous versions in an easy way.
Because Software Factory is self-hosted (we use Software Factory to develop Software Factory), you can see it in action at softwarefactory-project.io.
If you want to test drive Software Factory, just follow the documentation at softwarefactory-project.io/docs/deploy.html.
Keep us posted on what you have achieved using this new way of doing CI!
Three brothers from Prince George's County, Md., are in custody in connection with a gun attack on a police station that led to the fatal shooting of Officer Jacai Colson. (Hunter, Tyler D./Prince George's County Police Department)
An undercover narcotics officer for Prince George's County who came upon a gun battle Sunday outside a station was shot by a fellow officer who mistook them for an assailant, according to the department's chief.
The officer who fired the fatal shot did so deliberately but without malice, Police Chief Henry P. Stawinski III said Wednesday at a news conference announcing the latest findings in the case.
“I believe that another police officer fired at an armed individual who they perceived to be a threat to them,” Stawinski said.
Stawinski did not name the officer who shot officer Jacai Colson, 28, adding that investigators had not yet interviewed him. Colson — who was in street clothes at the time — was one of four officers who fired their weapons as they tried to stop the shooting.
Colson had just arrived at the police station in Landover, Md., when Michael DeAndre Ford, 22, launched a planned and “unprovoked” attack on the building and officers, police said. Ford enlisted their younger brothers — Malik Ford, 21, and Elijah Ford, 18 — to drive them to the scene and callously record the shootout and ambush on their cellphones, police said. Michael Ford shot randomly at cars and an ambulance in addition to targeting officers, police said. While weapons were being discharged, Colson was fatally wounded by friendly fire.
1 of 16 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Prince George's County police officer fatally shot View Photos Two of the brothers held in connection with the killing used their cellphones to video-record the attack on a police station, according to law enforcement officials. Caption Two of the brothers held in connection with the killing used their cellphones to film the attack on a police station, according to law enforcement officials. Michael DeAndre Ford, of Landover, Md., is accused of initiating the gun battle. Prince George's County Police Department Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
At a bail review hearing Wednesday afternoon, a Prince George's County District Court judge ordered that the younger Ford brothers continue to be held without bond. The proceedings were briefly halted when one brother fainted.
The hearing was emotional, with several members of the Ford brothers' family speaking on their behalf.
[Brothers recorded attack on police station that left officer dead, authorities say.]
Michael Thomas called Malik and Elijah Ford good children who “did not pull the trigger.”
“I've lost three sons in one shot,” Thomas said at the hearing in which the younger Ford brothers appeared in orange jumpsuits via video.
During the hearing, one family member asked prosecutors what evidence they had that the brothers were involved with the shooting, prompting a public defender to stop their mid-comment. Another family member said that one of the brothers had been recording the scene not because they were “seeking YouTube celebrity” but because they “was in awe” of the unfolding situation.
Michael Ford has been charged with 25 counts related to the shootout, including second-degree murder, conspiracy to commit murder, assault and handgun charges. Malik and Elijah Ford are charged with attempted murder, conspiracy to commit murder and related offenses.
Three Prince George's County brothers are being held in connection with the fatal shooting of Officer Jacai Colson in Landover, Md., March 13, 2016. Police said that Colson, who was in plainclothes, was killed by another officer who perceived them as an assailant. Here's what we know so far. (Victoria Walker/The Washington Post)
At Wednesday's bail review hearing, prosecutors said the younger brothers watched as Michael Ford fired and reloaded, discharging more than 20 rounds during the shootout with police. Police have said that Michael Ford intended to die in the gunfight and that they recorded their last will and testament before heading to the police station. They were shot but survived. Michael Ford remains hospitalized, and it is unclear when they will make their first court appearance.
Stawinski said Monday that Michael Ford's attack was “about nothing. It was unprovoked.” They added that they were troubled, too, that the younger Fords did not intercede as the shooting unfolded.
At their Monday news conference, Stawinski had said it was likely that Colson was shot by another officer and used the phrase “errant round” to describe what might have occurred.
On Wednesday, Stawinski said that they had used the term “errant” because it was not clear Monday whether Colson had been mistaken for an assailant during the chaotic scene and that they did not want to draw a conclusion on the basis of circumstantial evidence.
“This is a tragic set of circumstances precipitated by individuals who were in a position to prevent it from happening in the first place,” Stawinski said.
[Man arrested in police station gun battle described as troubled, mentally ill.]
Prince George's County State's Attorney Angela D. Alsobrooks said Wednesday that it is too early in the investigation to know why the officer who shot Colson perceived them as a threat.
“We're not able to say what the officer perceived and why they perceived it,” Alsobrooks said.
The case comes amid national concerns that police officers are being targeted by members of the public they are defending and concerns over racial bias in deadly police shootings.
Stawinski said they were “uncomfortable with the notion that” bias would be “introduced to the conversation.”
They later clarified their response to the question about whether there was any suggestion of racial bias in the exchange of gunfire.
“In those split seconds when lives are in danger and officers are engaging a deadly threat, there simply isn't time to bring any biases into it,” Stawinski said. “Hindsight is a luxury that no officer has in the midst of an ambush.”
Alsobrooks said their office thoroughly reviews every police-involved shooting in the county, and they said the public's questions are fair.
“There is an independent review that occurs in every single situation, and this one will be no different from that,” Alsobrooks said. “We will apply the law to the facts as we do in every single situation.”
​As of this writing, faculty at 24 Ontario colleges — 12,000 professors, counsellors, and librarians — are in week two of a strike. Additionally (and unfortunately), some 500,000 students are caught in limbo, not knowing when their studies will resume or whether their entire academic term will become unsalvageable. How did it come to this? What are the issues? And why can't the College Employer Council (CEC) — the “voice” of the college presidents — and the Ontario Public Service Employees Union (OPSEU) see eye to eye?
Well, no matter what you hear, please know that the conditions that led to this work stoppage had nothing to do with pay increases: faculty are seeking only standard raises for inflation and cost of living. In fact, that's what made the CEC's first (and so far final) offer so puzzling: management always complain about money, but their initial contract featured very generous raises over four years, as well as multiple standalone lump-sum payments. To anyone paying attention, however, their goal was transparent — to woo faculty with short-term glitter in an effort to ignore our real, long-term concerns. And when faculty refused management's 30 pieces of silver to focus on the issues that we really cared about, oh, how those in charge loved to crow to everyone who would listen, “We offered those guys scads of money, and it still wasn't enough to satisfy the greedy so-and-so's!”
But wage increases for full-time faculty were never the issue. Instead, the problem is this: more than 70 per cent of college faculty are on contract. Now, look — I get it — work is precarious everywhere, but that doesn't make it right. Contract faculty in the college system have no job security, but, more importantly, they are not paid for work done outside the classroom. They are not paid for marking or prep time, which is basically two-thirds of the job. In fact, sometimes part-time faculty have to get a second job to make ends meet, or quit to find more stable employment, their talents wasted and gone from the college system altogether. As I'm sure we can agree, the contract-worker virus is an all-too-common modern standard of employment: hired or fired without notice, paid peanuts, given no benefits or incentives to do well — or, if incentive is there, difficult to make the most of, because you might be working elsewhere, too.
So when OPSEU is all huff and puff about the quality of education, we're talking about a scenario where poop rolls downhill, so to speak — about a rot from the inside. Look at these two situations: sometimes the college hires unqualified warm bodies as part-time workers (people with degrees, but maybe not the best teachers) because they are so desperate to fill faculty spots, but refuse to hire full-time professors. Other times, they do hire qualified people part time, but string them along, never hiring them full time: People with PhDs and qualifications up the wazoo (and a truckload of student debt). People who love to teach, but may not have the time or incentive to make their courses better, because (a) they don't know if they will be teaching these courses again, or even have a job four months from now, (b) they just don't have the time, because they are working another job, or (c) they simply can't afford to remain teaching part time based on their income needs. Thus, paradoxically, the college drives quality faculty away — and last time I looked, quality faculty are what post-secondary institutions pride themselves on.
So in the end, the quality of education suffers, the students suffer, the faculty suffer and are demoralized, and the college system suffers. This is what we are fighting and striking against. However, the CEC did not budge an inch during any of the rounds of bargaining, refusing to confirm more full-time hires or the cessation of part-time exploitation. Faculty's final offer (tabled two days before the strike deadline) requested a minimum 50-50 ratio of full-time to non-full-time faculty to maintain stability and improve educational delivery for students. On the other hand, management's final offer did not change from their first one, tabled months previous: Here's a bunch of money (for full-time faculty). Take it and shut up.
So much for negotiation.
However, there's more at play here. You see, as of this writing, Bill 148: The Fair Workplaces, Better Jobs Act has cleared its second reading in the Ontario Legislative Assembly. It will most likely become law very soon — possibly even by late fall. The bill mandates that part-time employees shall not be paid less than their full-time equivalents provided that they are doing the same work. Sure there are some exceptions and legal mumbo-jumbo based on salary grids and whatnot, but the gist of the bill is same pay for same work — and labour rights advocates (not to mention a load of exploited part-time labourers) are rightfully ecstatic over its impending introduction. But, you see, there's a catch: workers who are already locked into a collective agreement are exempt from the bill until the end of such agreement or 2020, whichever comes first.
Related:
Regarding the CEC's hardline position at the bargaining table: their motives are logical fiscally, but certainly deplorable ethically. Rather than doing the right thing and negotiating in good faith with faculty — a type of “Well, it was fun while it lasted, but I guess we can't run roughshod over these poor slobs anymore” — they stonewalled us. They want to milk the system for as long as they possibly can, and student learning to be damned. Additionally, the colleges wouldn't even agree to “no cost” requests that would allow faculty to have more say in their course design and delivery: right now, faculty have zero control over academic decision making. In fact, Article 6 of our current collective agreement explicitly gives “exclusive” control over all decision making, academic and otherwise, to management. Given that managers may or may not have specific expertise in all of the academic areas they manage, and given that faculty do have such expertise, it's only fair that professors should have some rights in this regard, no?​
Many years ago, I was a contract employee at Fanshawe College. Heck, I even walked the picket line in 2006 and made more money on strike pay (which is generous, but certainly not sustainable) than I did as a part-time worker, which should tell you something right there. My situation has improved dramatically, and every day I am grateful for it, but for many, many others, working in the Ontario college system is a precarious grind of low pay, high work, and constant instability, with no promise of permanent employment in sight. Believe me, nobody wants to walk in circles for four hours a day holding a sign and delaying traffic while enduring derisive catcalls from annoyed pedestrians and motorists alike. But this strike will end only when management meets faculty halfway regarding full-time hires, and so far, they have been unyielding and uncompromising. OPSEU is not so patiently waiting for the call to resume negotiations; the College Employee Council, however, remains silent, preferring to keep both students and professors in limbo. Why?
Our society is rather ambivalent when it comes to educators: everyone loves “their” teacher, but hates teachers. It makes being an educator both a rewarding and a discouraging job. When teachers go on strike, the backlash is usually immediate and vicious: no one wants to hear people who make north of $50,000 dollars a year and get two months' paid vacation whine and complain about their job conditions. But this strike is different. This strike is necessary and justified. Quality education has ramifications that extend far beyond the classroom, and this strike is about an eroding employee base whose expertise is being devalued: our students — future employees and productive members of society — deserve better.
Please consider these justifications for the current work stoppage before you or someone you love calls me a lazy piece of shit, or tells me I've never worked a hard day in my life, or asks, “How much money are you after this time?” I love being a teacher, and good teachers are worth their weight in gold: they inspire, motivate, and nurture. We remember great teachers for the rest of our lives (and unfortunately, the same holds true for the bad ones, which tells you something about their importance). Before I was hired at Fanshawe, I worked full time at Toyota in Cambridge, Ont., but in my life before Fanshawe, I made utility trailers for $9 an hour, bank machines for $10, and those cute little plastic racing-car shopping carts for $12. I know what quality teaching is, and I know what a hard day's work is. And believe it or not, they are not mutually exclusive: quality teaching can be a hard day's work, and often is.
Robert Muhlbock is a full-time professor at Fanshawe College. They teach literature, writing, and communication in the School of Language and Liberal Studies, and video game design in the School of Contemporary Media.
Christmas creep is a merchandising phenomenon in which merchants and retailers introduce Christmas-themed merchandise or decorations before the traditional start of the holiday shopping season, which in the United States is on the day after Thanksgiving.[1] The term was first used in the mid-1980s.[2]
Economic motivation [ edit ]
The phenomenon is associated with a desire of merchants to take advantage of particularly heavy Christmas-related shopping well before Black Friday in the United States and before Halloween in Canada. The term ‘Black Friday' was not used until recently in the UK and Ireland. The increased usage can be traced to the internet being more widespread, as well as growing Americanization, as neither country celebrates Thanksgiving. Previously, retailers referred to Christmas as the "golden quarter", that is, the three months of October through December is the quarter of the year in which the retail industry hopes to make the most profit.[3] The lack of Thanksgiving as a ‘barrier' between holidays has caused several retailers to put up Christmas sales earlier in the year. For instance, Irish retailer Brown Thomas opens its Christmas store in mid-August. This phenomenon can apply for other holidays as well, notably Valentine's Day, Easter and Mother's Day. The motivation for holiday creep is for retailers to lengthen their selling interval for seasonal merchandise in order to maximize profit and to give early-bird shoppers a head start on that holiday. However, it is not clear that this practice has been consistently beneficial for retailers.[4]
Seasonal creep is not limited to the northern hemisphere winter holiday season and other popular holidays and observances, but is also becoming more common for merchandise associated with a general season of the year. Advertising for winter-, spring-, summer-, and fall-related goods generally now begins midway through the previous season. For example, many supermarkets in the United Kingdom begin selling Easter eggs even before Christmas, and in the US, stores begin selling 4th of July products before Easter, and the next major holiday is marketed as soon as or before the previous has ended. Such a phenomenon is known under the more general name of holiday creep.
In Australia, shops have been known to have their Christmas merchandise available as early as late September, mainly because older Australians generally don't celebrate Halloween compared to younger Australians, though by the 2010s, Halloween merchandise has cropped up alongside Christmas merchandise during the same periods. The department store, David Jones Limited even begins selling Christmas merchandise at the start of September.[citation needed]
United States [ edit ]
In the United States retail, the phenomenon was pioneered by stores like Sam's Club,[citation needed] which introduced early Christmas sales to support resellers. The hardware chain Lowe's followed in 2000 with a policy of setting out Christmas trees and decorations by October 1, mainly because the Halloween and Thanksgiving holidays do not provide enough merchandise or sales to fill retail space between the end of the summer season and the Christmas season.[citation needed] In 2002–2003, Christmas creep accelerated markedly with retailers such as Walmart, J. C. Penney, and Target beginning their Christmas sales in October.[5] In 2006 the National Retail Federation, an industry trade group, said that 40 percent of consumers planned to start their holiday shopping before Halloween. Since the 2010s, there has been a growing trend for retailers to start selling holiday merchandise in mid- to late-September, with retailers such as Walmart, Sam's Club, Kmart, Costco, J.C. Penney, Sears, and Lowe's now beginning their Christmas sales earlier than October 1.[6]
Broadcasting [ edit ]
Christmas creep has also been cited as a phenomenon in radio broadcasting. Prior to the early 21st century, radio stations commonly began adding some Christmas songs to their regular playlists in early December and then playing an all-Christmas playlist on December 24 and 25.[citation needed] In 2000[7][8] some stations began playing an exclusive Christmas format for the entire month of December, a practice that became more widespread in 2001. In subsequent years, such stations have commonly shifted to an all-Christmas playlist after Thanksgiving, or even several weeks earlier.[9] A handful of American radio stations[10] have, since 2006, earned a reputation for regularly switching to Christmas music on November 1, the day after Halloween; as of 2011, this has not become the norm for most of North America (mid-November is the typical start time for Christmas music on most radio stations in the United States and Canada[citation needed]), and it is still extremely rare to hear stations (other than those pulling a stunt between changing formats) change to Christmas music in October.
Some of the channels on the cable radio service Music Choice begin playing Christmas music continually from the end of Halloween up until the first week of January (with the Internet age, the network maintains an exclusive Christmas music channel through some providers and their TV Everywhere platform year-round). Likewise, the U.S. cable channel Hallmark Channel begins airing continuous Christmas movies through the whole months of November and December and since 2018, Freeform airs Christmas movies from November 1 to December 25.
Although not often broadcast in the summer, the animated special Rudolph and Frosty's Christmas in July is based on the concept and set in July.[citation needed]
Satire [ edit ]
This market trend is satirized in the 1974 animated special It's the Easter Beagle, Charlie Brown, when the characters go shopping at a department store and discover that it has its Christmas displays up in the middle of April, including a sign forewarning that there were only a mere 246 days left until Christmas. Additionally, in 1973's A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving, Sally complains that they were looking for a turkey tree for Thanksgiving but had only found Christmas supplies.
Several songs satirize the phenomenon, including Loudon Wainwright III's "Suddenly It's Christmas" (from their 1993 live album Career Moves), Straight No Chaser's "The Christmas Can-Can" (from their 2009 album Christmas Cheers), Paul and Storm's "The Way-Too-Early Christmas Song" (from their 2010 album Do You Like Star Wars?). Christian singer/songwriter Brandon Heath voiced their feelings on Christmas creep in the song "The Day After Thanksgiving" (from their 2013 album Christmas Is Here).
In Jim Butcher's 2012 novel Cold Days, Santa Claus themselves declares that he's drawing the line at Halloween.
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Hormel recently sent me a bunch of bacon — 12 pounds to be exact — and this Bacon Weave Quesadilla is what I did with the first two pounds of it.
Actually, I should clarify that a little, the two bacon weave “tortillas” that I made only totaled about a pound and a half, but when you're cooking with bacon you're obviously going to eat some along the way, and that's where the extra half pound went.
For the bacon weave tortillas I started off by cooking two large bacon weave squares and then placing a bowl over each one and tracing around it with a knife to create a circle. The trick with these bacon weaves is to cook them to the point where the bacon sticks together and is able to be cut, but you don't want to cook it too much or when you add your quesadilla ingredients and finish cooking it your bacon will burn.
The cooking time will vary depending on which type of bacon you use and how thick it is, but for my original two bacon weaves I just cooked them in the oven at 400° for about 15 minutes. Then, after cutting them into circles, I added some chicken and cheese to them and fried my Bacon Weave Quesadilla in a pan on my stove for about five minutes. Completing my meal was a bowl of fresh homemade guacamole.
Overall I think that this was my favorite bacon weave creation to date. It was completely and utterly delicious. You know what though? Maybe quesadillas just aren't quite your thing, and in that case you could also incorporate a similar bacon weave concept into Bacon Weave Pizza, a Bacon Weave Grilled Cheese or even a Bacon Weave Breakfast Burrito.
Other than the season-ending injury to Florida defensive end commit Jordan Sherit, it's been nothing but good news for the Gators on the recruiting front.
UF was the place to be last weekend and the upset over LSU produced a special atmosphere that opened the eyes of some targets in attendance.
The Gators didn't gain any public commitments, however, several sources told me they received two silent verbals. I cannot name these prospects or give any hints, but I promise Florida fans will be excited about them when they announce.
The South Carolina game on Oct. 20 is going to have just as many big-time visitors as LSU and a similar outcome (packed crowd, beat a Top 5 team) could lead to more (possibly public) commitments.
On to the questions!
Are there any recruits that your gut tells you we turned with the performance vs. LSU? — Garrett, Travis, Alex, T.J.
Most of the visitors didn't need to be turned because they were already high on Florida. But receiver Marquez North, FSU offensive guard commit Ira Denson and defensive tackle Montravius Adams are the three recruits I would say the Gators improved their chances with.
North and Adams called UF the best school they've been to and it sounded like both will be back for Florida's banquet weekend on Dec. 8. Denson said he's going to officially visit for South Carolina.
When North returns it will be on their dime, which tells you how serious their interest is. Tennessee is still their leader, but if the Vols struggle the rest of this season with their head coach on the hot seat and the Gators capture the SEC East and/or win some more big games, that could certainly change. But they have to show more production in the passing game for them — and their father — to be completely sold. Saturday's 12 pass attempts and 61 yards won't cut it.
UF was assured a spot in Adams' Top 5 when it's released and they said he'll most likely take an official here in December. I still doubt they end up in this class, but I don't think the Gators have to sign another defensive tackle even though they want to. Caleb Brantley will contribute right away and either Joey Ivie or Antonio Riles can slide inside if needed. Florida's depth should be fine for the 2013 season with those three freshmen, Damien Jacobs, Leon Orr, Jafar Mann and the possible return of Dominique Easley (who would likely move back to tackle if Sharrif Floyd leaves early as expected).
Hey Zach, is there any prospects we have a shot at if Marcell commits elsewhere? — Sleezie, Devin
Georgia safety commit Tray Matthews has said they would like to visit UF and the Gators could make a late run at Preist Willis or Leon McQuay, but all three appear to be long shots at this point. If Florida REALLY wants another safety, it could offer the infamous Demar Dorsey!
All jokes aside, I think the coaches are happy with the two commits they have and see Harris as a plus-one guy (although he's probably near the top of their board). If they don't pick the Gators, I don't think they can or will want to add another safety. But out of all the targets that visited for the LSU game, Harris is by far the most likely to join the class.
Who is the one recruit left on the board you feel the Gators have to sign? — Doug
The Gators have to sign another offensive lineman, and it doesn't really matter which one out of Denson, Michigan commit David Dawson, Trenton Brown, Laremy Tunsil and former Florida commit Roderick Johnson.
Brown is the surest bet to be UF bound because the Gators lead, they will visit for the South Carolina game and I don't see another school swaying them before they make their decision in November.
What's the status of DT Greg Gilmore after the LSU game? I have not seen any comments by them afterwards. — Alex
Gilmore would not answer the phone for me this week, but here was their reaction on Sunday courtesy of Gatorcountry.com.
“Honestly, this game is weighing in my a lot right now. LSU has all juniors on their defensive line and they are going to be leaving, and I mean they have a good class coming in, but they are going to be rebuilding after they leave.” “Florida's defensive line is full of first-year student defensive ends and linebackers, and they are just needing tackles to make them even better. The Carolina boys are there and they are doing good, too. Florida can do nothing but get better with the young players, but they just need some tackles to get be even better.”
Gilmore still has the Gators and Tigers even for their services. They will officially visit Oklahoma (Oct. 27) and LSU (Nov. 3) before making their decision on Nov. 8. I will try to get a hold of them after their trip to Baton Rouge for a preview story on their announcement.
Do we have a shot at WR Demarcus Robinson? I heard they still are going to visit Florida despite Clemson coaches telling them not to. — Tamayo
Robinson was planning to visit for the LSU game early last week, but apparently the Clemson coaches told them their offer would be pulled if they did. I don't know if that's still the case, but Robinson now says they will officially visit Florida as well as Notre Dame. If they do indeed come down, the Gators will definitely have a shot. Remember, they were their leader at one time.
What are the chances of the Florida signing a tight end in the 2013 class? — Matt
Near zero. JUCO tight end Beau Sandland — the only prospect Florida was still pursuing — eliminated UF and all other SEC schools on Oct. 1 because the online math class he's taking to enroll early is not accepted by the conference.
The Gators struck out on all their previous targets at tight end, but I never felt it was necessary for them to sign one. They have five on the current roster and all will be back next year.
Zach, can you tell me about our chances with OT Denver Kirkland? And as for recruiting on defense, how about Isaac Savaiinaea at MLB? — tomk
Neither has an offer from Florida and Savaiinaea is committed to Stanford, so these two don't seem to be targets for the coaching staff. The only offensive linemen on the board right now are the ones I mentioned above, and Notre Dame commit Alex Anzalone is probably the only linebacker the Gators would take since they already have three committed.
Zack, I keep seeing on other sites that Florida is still pursuing Robert Nkemdiche. Do we ACTUALLY have a shot, or is this just Muschamp being stubborn again? — Austin
Well if they show interest, that wouldn't be stubborn of Muschamp to at least listen. But I don't believe they have nor will. If anyone is going to flip Nkemdiche, it will be Ole Miss or Alabama. Florida was never in the picture for him.
You answered this question for me during last year's class. Who are the coaches prepared to take as plan B or even C behind the big names on the board? Under-the-radar type guys? Names we aren't expecting like Octavius Jackson or Chris Thompson at the remaining positions of need? — Mack
In the 2012 recruiting class, the Gators came up short at several positions and weren't able to sign as many as they could have. That isn't the case this year. They've already met most of their numbers and have as many commitments (19) as they do scholarship openings for 2013. So you won't see as many plan B guys targeted as you did last year, but here are still some prospects to keep an eye on as possibilities at positions of need (though most of these names aren't under-the-radar).
RB: Miami commit Alex Collins
WR: Taj Williams, Richard Benjamin, Dominic Walker
DE: Stacy Thomas, Kendrick Hair
DT: Marqudius Bain, Rod Crayton, Bobby Leath, Deadrin Senat
LB: Auburn commit Trey Johnson, Keith Kelsey, Jermaine Grace
That's all for this week! Be sure to put your questions for the next mailbag in the comment section below!
http://www.flickr.com/photos/soldiersmediacenter/2047561358/ Across Capitol Hill and down Pennsylvania Avenue, Democrats and Republicans are embroiled in bitter clashes over lifting the debt ceiling, reducing the deficit and slashing domestic spending and entitlements. But there is still one area of government activity where bipartisan bonhomie and Congress's traditional free-spending ways prevail: national defense.
Defense spending has more than doubled since 2001, and is now nearly 5 percent of the nation's economy - the highest level since 1990. While overall spending on the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan will decline next year, according to the authorization bill slated for a vote on the House floor this week, much of those savings will be spread around to preserve programs and defense industry jobs that are threatened with sharp cuts or extinction.
A good case in point is the effort to salvage the rehabilitation program for the MIA2 Abrams tank, a heavily-armored and mobile tank first introduced during the 1980s and a stalwart during the first Gulf War. On May 6, a bipartisan group of 138 House members led by Reps. Jim Jordan, R-Ohio, and Marcy Kaptur, D-Ohio, sent a letter to Army Secretary John McHugh protesting the planned closing of the tank manufacturing plant in Lima, Ohio.
The $400 million-a-year program for retrofitting more than 1,000 of the tanks is winding down. Just $181 million was put in the Pentagon's 2012 request for the last 20 rehabs, which involves replacing the engines and drive trains, treads, suspension systems and installing the latest electronic gear on durable tank frames. In 2013, for the first time since 1941, no factory in America will be building or rebuilding tanks, according to Pentagon plans. Over 1,000 good-paying, jobs with well-funded pensions and benefits will be eliminated by the move. But that will only be for a few years. The Army in 2017 expects to begin building its next generation of tanks, which is already on the drawing boards.
While job loss explains the protest, the issue was never mentioned in the letter. "The end of Abrams production would shut down the unique national asset that is the U.S. tank industrial base," the members said. To avoid that outcome, the House Armed Services Committee, where Kaptur plays a leading role, stuffed an additional $272 million in the defense authorization bill for retrofitting tanks, which essentially maintains full production at the facility. It passed by a vote of 60 to 1. The $672 billion Defense Department authorization bill that goes to the House floor this week includes $553 billion for the Pentagon's base budget, which will pay for everything from personnel costs to military hardware procurement to research and development. That's a $24 billion or 5 percent increase over this year's appropriation, which passed Congress in February, according to a Congressional Budget Office analysis released Monday. CBO said the new spending programs in the bill also require increasing budgets by $24 billion between 2013 and 2016.
Overall Pentagon spending next year is projected to be virtually unchanged, since spending on the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq is slated to drop to $119 billion from $157 billion this year. In other words, virtually the entire "peace dividend," which could be shifted to deficit reduction if President Obama succeeds in their plan to draw down troops, will be siphoned off to other military programs under both the House and president's proposed spending plans.
In a commencement speech delivered Sunday at Notre Dame University, Defense Secretary Robert Gates warned against sharp cuts in defense spending, whether in the name of balancing the budget or in response to the death of Osama bin Laden. "Our military credibility, commitment and presence are required to sustain alliances, to protect trade routes and energy supplies, and to deter would-be adversaries, they said. "The lessons of history tell us we must not diminish our ability or our determination to deal with the threats and challenges on the horizon."
House Armed Services Committee chairperson Buck McKeon, R-Calif., in endorsing the Pentagon's spending plan, said "we should not jeopardize the security of the nation by accepting across-the-board cuts to national defense without regard to the inherent strategic risks."
But it was far from clear what strategic risks were involved in the way this new pot of military pork was spread around in the authorization bill. Critics say the decision making is based on threats to jobs in individual districts, and not any calculations of military or strategic need."
"Our military contractors are now the equivalent of state-owned enterprises in the former Soviet Union," said Douglas A. Macgregor, a retired military officer and Pentagon critic. "They hold people on the Hill hostage to jobs."
The Lima plant is a classic case where the symbiotic relationship between defense contractors, Congress and the military - what some have dubbed the Military-Industrial-Congressional complex - plays out. The expiring M1A2 rehab program will by the end of next year have refurbished every tank operated by soldiers on active duty. Now, if the full House and Senate go along with the proposal for rehabbing 70 instead of 21 tanks next year, tanks will have to be pulled for refurbishment from someplace else.
"We assume they'll go to the National Guard, but that's an Army decision," said Kendall Pease, a spokesperson for General Dynamics. "Every year is an adventure. The army is conducting a study that is due in December that will evaluate how best to maintain an industrial infrastructure" for building and rebuilding tanks. A company-funded study said it would cost more to shut and reopen the Lima plant than to simply keep it operating.
The Pentagon is concerned about the plant's future since it has announced plans to cancel the Expeditionary Fighting Vehicle, a "next-generation" amphibious craft used by Marines to storm beaches. Large-scale amphibious assaults haven't occurred since World War II. The EFV's wildly escalating costs turned what had been a $9 billion program for 1,013 EFVs into a $14.4 billion program for 574 vehicles.
The EFVs, which never got beyond the prototypes because of technical glitches, were also slated for production in Lima. Instead of outright cancellation, the Armed Services Committee voted money for a study comparing the EFV to the Pentagon's new plan to rebuild its existing fleet of amphibious vehicles.
The Air Force's V-22 Osprey tilt-rotor aircraft - it can take off and land like a helicopter but fly like an airplane while carrying 24 troops into combat - is another program on the bubble. Congress has repeatedly refunded the program despite complaints from critics. The president's bi-partisan deficit commission, for instance, called for ending future procurement of the Osprey, which would leave the military with 288 planes instead of the 458 in the military's long-term plans.
"The V-22 has had a troubled history with many developmental and maintenance problems, including critical reports by the Government Accountability Office and others," the final presidential deficit commission report said. It quoted Rep. Edolphus Towns, D-N.Y., who had commissioned a Congressional Research Service report on the program: "It's time to put the Osprey out of its misery."
But when the House earlier this year voted on the 2011 continuing resolution, it rejected by a 3-1 margin an amendment by Rep. Luis Gutierrez, D-Ill., that would have eliminated future funding for the program. "The success of this program has been validated by commanders in the field and the V-22 has been given high marks for the operational advantages it brings to combat operations," Rep. Pat Meehan, R-Pa., wrote to their House colleagues. Their suburban Philadelphia district is adjacent to the Boeing plant where the fuselage for the V-22 is built.
In fact, the program has been bumped up by Congress in recent years, with seven additional aircraft and $476 million tacked onto the original $10.4 billion contract signed in 2008, according Boeing spokesperson Andy Lee.
Another major military procurement program benefiting from the prospective peace dividend is Lockheed-Martin's C-130, the air freighter that has become the workhorse for long-range mobility and air-to-air refueling. Though it carries much smaller payloads of men and equipment than the older C-5, it is highly touted because of its ability to land on shorter airstrips and tougher terrains.
Built in Marietta, Georgia with a price tag of $70 million for the stripped down version, Lockheed has built more than 2,300 C-130s for every branch of the service and foreign customers since the original version rolled off the assembly line in the mid-1950s. It plans to deliver 33 this year, 16 of which will go to foreign customers like Israel, Kuwait, South Korea and Tunisia.
The Air Force in the process of replacing its entire fleet of 122 planes, which is 48 more than originally thought, bumping up the overall cost of the program 60 percent to over $14 billion. It has ordered 17 from Lockheed for $1.3 billion in 2011. Next year, the request is for just 12 C-130s, but the budget request is nearly the same -- $1.2 billion - because the Pentagon is ordering the more expensive versions (HCs and MCs). Also, the original request for 11 planes was bumped up by one in committee.
"The HC and MC fleets are the oldest in the Air Force, yet they have the highest utilization rate," said Peter Simmons, a spokesperson for Lockheed-Martin. It also doesn't hurt that in addition to the 8,000 employees in Marietta (a sprawling 76-acre complex that also builds F-22s, modernizes C-5s and is scheduled to build the F-35 Joint Strike Fighter), the company spreads taxpayer wealth around to suppliers in 41 states and 14 countries. "For decades, defense spending has been a way to redistribute income," said Macgregor, a West Point graduate who spent 28 years in the military. "It takes money and sends it to states that otherwise wouldn't get it."
This post originally appeared at The Fiscal Times.
The Reds are known to be entertaining offers on all of their players, and ESPN's Jayson Stark spoke to an exec with a rival club that is convinced third baseman Todd Frazier is “legitimately out there” as a trade piece, albeit only for a significant return (links to Twitter). According to Stark, the Reds are prioritizing young talent that is Major-League-ready in trades for either Frazier or closer Aroldis Chapman. ESPN's Buster Olney wrote yesterday (Insider subscription required) that they spoke to an NL evaluator and was told that the Reds “aren't pushing Frazier at all,” so it doesn't sound like the Reds feel any urgency to move them (not that one would expect an aggressive push to move a player of Frazier's caliber at this point in the year with multiple seasons of club control remaining).
Stark doesn't list a preference between position players or hitters — perhaps because Cincinnati doesn't truly have one; talent is talent — but most of the Reds' top prospects are on the pitching side of the equation. Outside of top organizational prospect Jesse Winker, the team's best hitting prospects are mostly in the lower levels of the minor leagues. For a team that is open to dealing its third baseman, second baseman (Brandon Phillips) and right fielder (Jay Bruce), that leaves plenty of openings around the diamond — especially considering Billy Hamilton's underwhelming bat to this point in their career. (That's not to suggest that Cincinnati has given up on Hamilton, but rather that he'll need to hit more than they have at some point.)
The price to acquire Frazier will — and should — be steep. The reigning Home Run Derby champ is set to turn 30 years old in February and is coming off a pair of seasons in which they have combined to bat .262/.322/.479 with 64 homers and well-above-average defense at third base. Frazier is also affordable, as their 2016 salary is locked in at $7.5MM by virtue of a two-year deal signed prior to the 2015 season. He'll be arbitration eligible once again next offseason and is a free agent after the 2017 season.
The primary red flags with Frazier will be their woeful 2015 second half and their production (or lack thereof) away from the hitter-friendly confines of Cincinnati's Great American Ball Park. Frazier was hitting .284/.337/.585 with 25 homers prior to the 2015 All-Star Game, but they batted just .224/.270/.390 with 10 homers in 72 second-half games. Checking out their home/road splits, Frazier has batted .281/.341/.537 at home over the past two seasons compared to .247/.304/.421 on the road. Many players tend to hit better at home regardless of park factor, but the notable discrepancy between Frazier's home and road production figures to at least be some cause for concern for teams that play in pitcher-friendly environments.
Regardless of home/road splits, Frazier is capable, at worst, of producing league-average offense (he has a wRC+ of 99 on the road) with an above-average bat at third base. Two years of that skill set alone would have some value, but considering that's more or less the floor on Frazier, while the ceiling is that of a legitimate superstar, multiple big-league-ready assets will probably need to be in play for Cincinnati to seriously consider parting with him.
Chapman is projected to earn $12.9MM in 2016 by MLBTR contributor Matt Swartz. That will be Chapman's final year of club control before free agency, so with one year of control at top-of-the-market money, they come with less trade value than Frazier. Nevertheless, it's easy enough to envision a team being willing to part with an MLB-ready asset and another lower-level piece or two in order to secure a season of Chapman's 100mph+ dominance.
Teams that could conceivably look for help at third base include the White Sox, Angels, Astros, Padres and possibly the Tigers, to name a few. There's always a wide swath of teams seeking bullpen help — particularly when the reliever in question ranks among the game's two or three best arms — and Chapman has recently been connected to the Yankees, Astros, Diamondbacks, Tigers and Red Sox (though Boston's trade for Craig Kimbrel would certainly seem to take them out of the Chapman market).
by
Thanks to Scarlett Johansson, the American Studies Association (ASA), and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions (BDS) movement has entered our national discourse. Representatives of Palestinian civil society launched BDS in 2005, calling upon “international civil society organizations and people of conscience all over the world to impose broad boycotts and implement divestment initiatives against Israel similar to those applied to South African in the apartheid era . . . [including] embargoes and sanctions against Israel.” The call for BDS specified that “these non-violent punitive measures” should last until Israel fully complies with international law by (1) ending its occupation and colonization of all Arab lands and dismantling the barrier Wall; (2) recognizing the fundamental rights of the Arab-Palestinian citizens of Israel to full equality; and (3) respecting, protecting and promoting the rights of Palestinian refugees to return to their land as stipulated in UN resolution 194.
Johansson is a spokesperson for SodaStream, a seltzer-making company whose major factory is located in an Israeli settlement in the occupied West Bank. SodaStream generates the highest volume of settlement exports to Europe. Until recently, Johansson was also an ambassador for Oxfam, which, like many other international organizations, opposes all trade from the Israeli settlements in the West Bank because companies are operating there illegally. Shortly before Johansson's commercial for SodaStream aired during the Super Bowl last month, Oxfam forced Johansson to choose between SodaStreama and Oxfam. They chose SodaStream, stepping down from their post with Oxfam.
Additionally, the ASA recently endorsed a boycott of Israeli academic institutions, which emerged “from the context of U.S. military and other support for Israel; Israel's violation of international law and UN resolutions; the documented impact of the Israeli occupation on Palestinian scholars and students; the extent to which Israeli institutions of higher education are a party to state policies that violate human rights; and finally, the support of such a resolution by a majority of ASA members.” In its statement of support for the ASA boycott, faculty members at the American University in Cairo cited Israeli policies that “have rendered the Gaza Strip the world's largest open-air penitentiary.” The ASA is the third major U.S. academic organization – together with the Asian American and Native American and Indigenous Studies Association – to endorse the academic boycott of Israel during the past year.
And, earlier this month, when they delivered the keynote address to the annual meeting of the powerful Israel lobby in the United States, American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC), Netanyahu spent almost as much time attacking BDS as they did explain why they think Iran is a strategic threat to Israel. Clearly disturbed by the proliferation of BDS worldwide, Netanyahu claimed, “Those who wear the BDS label should be treated exactly as we treat any anti-Semite or bigot.”
Is BDS anti-Semitic?
But, in the words of Rafeef Ziadah, a spokesperson for the Palestinian Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions National Committee, “The BDS movement is opposed, as a matter of principle, to all forms of discrimination, including anti-Semitism and Islamophobia.” In January, Palestinian human rights activist Omar Barghouti wrote in the New York Times, “Arguing that boycotting Israel is intrinsically anti-Semitic is not only false, but it also presumes that Israel and ‘the Jews' are one and the same. This is as absurd and bigoted as claiming that a boycott of a self-defined Islamic state like Saudi Arabia, say, because of its horrific human rights record, would of necessity be Islamophobic.” Barghouti also noted, “BDS doesn't pose an existential threat to Israel; it poses a serious challenge to Israel's system of oppression of the Palestinian people, which is the root cause of its growing worldwide isolation.”
Nobel Peace Prize winner South African Archbishop Desmond Tutu concurs. “My voice will always be raised in support of Christian-Jewish ties and against the anti-Semitism that all sensible people fear and detest,” Tutu wrote in the Tampa Bay Times. “But this cannot be an excuse for doing nothing and for standing aside as successive Israeli governments colonize the West Bank and advance racist laws,” they added, noting “Israel's theft of Palestinian land” and “Jewish-only colonies built on Palestinian land in violation of international law.”
Tutu cited the 2010 Human Rights Watch report, which “describes the two-tier system of laws, rules, and services that Israel operates for the two populations in areas in the West Bank under its exclusive control, which provide preferential services, development, and benefits for Jewish settlers while imposing harsh conditions on Palestinians.” Tutu writes, “This, in my book, is apartheid. It is untenable.” They called on “people and organizations of conscience to divest from . . . Caterpillar, Motorola Solutions and Hewlett Packard,” which profit “from the occupation and subjugation of Palestinians.”
Moreover, if BDS is anti-Semitic, why do so many Jews support it? In their recent piece in Tikkun Daily, Jewish Voice for Peace board member Donna Nevel mentioned that “respected members of the liberal Jewish community” and “a few liberal Zionist groups,” formerly opposed to BDS, are now calling for boycotts of products made in the settlements. They point out that groups like Jews Say No and Jewish Voice for Peace – “a diverse and democratic community of activists inspired by Jewish tradition to work together for peace, social justice, and human rights” – are “resonating with increasing numbers of Jews who support BDS as a natural outgrowth of their commitments.”
Some Jews in Israel have also engaged in non-violent resistance to Israeli government policies. Sixty youth recently signed an open letter to Netanyahu announcing their refusal to serve in the Israeli military due to the dehumanization of Palestinians living under occupation. In the occupied Palestinian territories, they wrote, “human rights are violated, and acts defined under international law as war-crimes are perpetuated on a daily basis.” The signatories cite “assassinations (extrajudicial killings), the construction of settlements on occupied lands, administrative detentions, torture, collective punishment and the unequal allocation of resources such as electricity and water.”
How extensive is the BDS movement?
The BDS movement is spreading throughout the world. European pension funds are divesting from banks and companies that operate in settlements, and European markets are labeling Israeli goods made in the West Bank. In January, PGGM, the Netherlands' second largest pension fund, decided to divest from five of Israel's largest banks because they financed companies involved in the construction of settlements. PGGM is the second Dutch company to recently break ties with Israeli companies. Also in January, two of Europe's largest financial institutions, Nordea and Danske Bank, agreed to boycott Israeli banks with branches in the West Bank. Norway's Government Pension Fund Global, a multibillion operation, has blacklisted Africa Israel Investments and Danya Cebus due to their ties to settlements in the West Bank. Argentine authorities have suspended a proposed $170 million water treatment plant's deal with Israel's state water company Mekorot, in response to local trade unions and human rights organizations that connected Mekorot's role in Israel's illegal theft of Palestinian water resources. Many Western artists and bands refuse to perform in Israel.
In their final report to the United Nations, Richard Falk, Special UN Rapporteur on the Occupied Palestinian Territories, called on the international community to comprehensively investigate the business activities of companies and financial institutions registered in their own respective countries, which profit from the settlements in Israel and other unlawful Israeli activities. They advocated that they “take appropriate action to end such practices and ensure appropriate reparation for affected Palestinians.” Significantly, Falk wrote, “Member States should consider imposing a ban on imports of settlement produce.”
Israel's Maariv newspaper reported that the international boycott of Israeli settlement products has already led to financial losses of $30 million. Indeed, last August, Secretary of State John Kerry warned that Israel could face a boycott campaign “on steroids” if it continues to build settlements in the occupied West Bank.
In a recent interview, President Barack Obama asked, “Do you resign yourself to what amounts to a permanent occupation of the West Bank? Is that the character of Israel as a state for a long period of time? Do you perpetuate, over the course of a decade or two decades, more and more restrictive policies in terms of Palestinian movement? Do you place restrictions on Arab-Israelis that run counter to Israel's traditions?” These are bold words. But it is unlikely Obama will follow them with bold action.
Israel remains the largest recipient of U.S. foreign aid, over $3 billion a year. And Elbit Systems Ltd., Israel's largest arms manufacturer, has just been awarded a $145 million contract by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security Customs and Border and Protection to deploy border surveillance technology in southern Arizona. Elbit is the Israeli military's largest suppliers of drones, which were involved in the killing of 29 children during Israel's attack on Gaza in 2008-2009, and the ongoing bombing of Gaza.
In light of Israel's documented human rights violations, U.S. assistance and the Elbit contract are unacceptable. “Those who turn a blind eye to injustice actually perpetuate injustice,” Tutu said. “It doesn't matter where we worship or live.”
Anti-BDS legislation and blacklisting student groups
Nevertheless, there has been a vigorous campaign to pass anti-BDS legislation, both in Israel and in the United States. In 2011, the Israeli Knesset passed an anti-boycott law which would sanction anyone who declares a commercial embargo on Israel, and label any boycott a civil offense subjecting its initiators to litigation. Several Israeli and U.S. human rights groups asked that the law be annulled and a special panel of the Israeli High Court of Law held a hearing on the bill in February. The New York Times opposed the bill, noting, “this is a fundamental issue of free speech.”
Anti-boycott legislation introduced earlier this year in both New York and Maryland which would punish institutions that endorse the boycott were withdrawn after several educators and legislators criticized the bills as an attack on academic freedom. But a revised version of the New York bill has been introduced that would punish colleges that use public funds for activities that support boycotts of Israel. In early March, the Protect Academic Freedom Act was introduced in the House of Representatives, which would deny government funding to any U.S institution that endorses the academic boycott of Israel.
And bills have been introduced in several state legislatures to penalize universities if their faculty members participate in professional organizations that express a political viewpoint by endorsing a boycott. More than 150 scholars and others signed a statement recognizing boycotts as “internationally affirmed and constitutionally protected forms of political expression.” Columbia Law School Professor Katherine Frank wrote, “A law targeting the boycott today cannot be differentiated from the laws that punished boycotts in the U.S. civil rights movement or those that compelled academics to sign loyalty oaths as a condition of employment.”
In another campaign against the BDS movement, some universities, including Northeastern, have banned Students for Justice in Palestine (SJP) from campuses and threatened disciplinary measures against some SJP members. This appears to be “part of a coordinated effort by the Israeli government and the Israel lobby to blacklist all student groups that challenge the official Israeli narrative,” according to Chris Hedges.
Resistance to the banning of student groups that criticize Israeli policies should cite the well-established Supreme Court precedents protecting academic freedom of speech, including Healy v. James (“[t]he college classroom with its surrounding environs is peculiarly the marketplace of ideas”), Keyishian v. Bd. of Regents of Univ. of N.Y. (“the vigilant protection of constitutional freedoms is nowhere more vital than in the community of American schools [of higher learning]”), and Snyder v. Phelps (“speech on matters of public concern . . . is at the heart of the First Amendment's protection”).
But unless and until Israel ends its brutal occupation of Palestinian lands, grants full equality to all its people – including Palestinians – and recognizes the right of Palestinian refugees to return to their land, the non-violent BDS movement will continue to grow and cripple the Israeli economy. A system based on inequality and oppression cannot survive.
Marjorie Cohn, a professor at Thomas Jefferson School of Law and former president of the National Lawyers Guild, is a member of Jewish Voice for Peace.
"We all change, when you think about it, we're all different people all through our lives, and that's okay, that's good, you gotta keep moving, so long as you remember all the people that you used to be. I will not forget one line of this, not one day, I swear, I will always remember when the Doctor was me.” --11th Doctor
And this is why I love Eleven. Why, [despite the many flaws it had] I loved the Christmas Special. Because of the WAY they left. What heme when they left-- and that high note they hit when they were regenerating. I think its safe to say that most all regenerations [save for the fantastic Nine.] ended where the Doctor was scared, in pain, despairing and confused-- maybe even with the ever-popular "I don't want to go". And I think we thought that Eleven, [being the lonely Doctor they are] was going to be the saddest of all-- but may I say that with those tears came a smile of mine.I was so delightfullywith how they regenerated-- it wasn't so extravagant or dramatic or weepy; I was just so happy that they found peace with who they are. That-- in those last moments, they were that Optimist they claimed he'd always be. That, as sad as the storyline of events they had were, they felt ok with not knowing what was going to happen next. I guess that's just the kind of stuff I like.It was personal, it was nostalgic, it was them touching all the memories, the pictures the children drew for him; how they kept every single one, touching them and hanging them up carefully--[I personally love picturing them telling any sort of story] and how they just.. lived a life, found a place where people needed them to stick around. I don't think I'll ever forget that. Moffat has made many mistakes; and perhaps in your opinion, he's ruined the show; But one thing they do-- and does very well, is give out those. Those parts with heart that you'll never forget. Those parts that you'll find saying to yourself in the future.
CLOSE Each year, the Iowa Department of Education releases its Condition of Education report. Here are 7 facts about Iowa schools from its 2016 report. Wochit
Buy Photo Textbooks that are only a few years old sit stacked next to lockers on the last day of the high school at Charter Oak-Ute School on Wednesday, May 31, 2017, in Charter Oak. The books will try to be resold before being thrown out. (Photo: Brian Powers/The Register)Buy Photo
A new report from a national nonprofit draws attention to the lack of new, statewide reading and math exams in Iowa classrooms.
A vendor is currently appealing the state's selection of American Institutes for Research as Iowa's new testing contractor, which would replace the Iowa Assessments used today. An administrative law judge is expected to issue a decision.
"Our state (Every Student Succeeds Act) plan is in jeopardy" without a new state accountability exam that reflects what students are learning, Iowa Department of Education spokesperson Staci Hupp told the Register.
"We share the concern that was raised about the uncertainty around the statewide assessment," Hupp said.
Bellwether Education Partners reviewed 34 state plans submitted to the U.S. Department of Education this fall in order to comply with the federal Every Student Succeeds Act.
The new law, which replaces No Child Left Behind, returned more local control to states. Each state submitted a customized plan for how it will improve K-12 educational achievement.
"Iowa's plan suffers from some uncertainty around its new assessments," the report says. "The state's accountability and support system depends heavily on having reliable (test) data as its foundation."
RELATED:
The analysis of Iowa's ESSA plan was released Tuesday. The report ranked the lack of new exams as the state's weakest area, with 2 out of 5 points.
Iowa has not yet implemented new accountability tests amid a slow-moving political battle over which exams to use.
In 2014 a state task force recommended a new exam, but it was never funded. This spring, lawmakers passed a law sending the exam back out to bid. Plans called for rolling new tests out in the spring of 2019.
The state education department recently requested $8 million to fund the new tests, Hupp said.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News Alert newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Alerts on breaking news delivered straight to your inbox. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-877-424-0225. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Alert Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"It's very important that this work moves forward," they said.
The Bellwether group reviewed state plans in nine categories; Iowa's highest, with a possible 4 out of 5 points, was for its goals, indicators of success and efforts toward continuous improvement.
The report also commends two unique ways the state is measuring schools; through a student survey that gauges their experiences, and measures of student success after high school.
Both indicators bring special focus to student experiences — within school and after graduation — which come as teachers and parents clamor for ways to measure schools beyond math and reading tests.
"Other states should look to Iowa's plan as an example of how to put forward a clear vision, match it with aligned goals, and support it with activities designed to achieve those goals," the report says.
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/2BfjZ8q
Simona Halep clinches a 6-4 6-4 victory over Sara Errani to earn a place in the Rogers Cup final.
Simona Halep has booked their spot in the final of the Rogers Cup by beating Sara Errani 6-4 6-4 in Toronto.
It was a fine start from Errani, who survived a couple of break points in the opening game before breaking Halep to claim the early advantage.
However, Halep's response was swift and emphatic as they immediately broke back and the Romanian quickly grew in confidence to move ahead in the fifth game of the opener.
Errani was soon struggling to stay in the longer rallies and their rival wrapped up the first set in 43 minutes.
The advantage remained with Halep when three successive breaks of serve resulted in them edging further ahead, before their Italian opponent called on the trainer to treat a foot injury.
It looked like the second set would not be the procession it appeared to be for Halep when Errani broke back to 4-4, but it was the second seed who held their nerve at the crucial stage as they immediately regained control before converting match point at the fourth attempt.
Halep will meet world number one Serena Williams or Swiss teenager Belinda Bencic in the final.
Paul Wolfowitz, a former senior George W. Bush administration official and one of the chief Iraq War architects, said on Tuesday that the U.S. "won" the war in Iraq.
When asked their thoughts about the current situation in Iraq and whether the war was a mistake, Wolfowitz replied, "We have won it — in 2009."
The Bush administration's troop surge in Iraq in 2007 and a moderate Sunni movement against al Qaeda extremists helped quell sectarian violence throughout the country. The U.S. began to draw down combat troops in 2009.
The U.S. planned to leave some troops in Iraq to train and advise Iraqi forces after the combat mission ended in 2011, but those forces withdrew after the Obama administration and the Iraqi government were not able to sign a bilateral security agreement that would have granted U.S. troops immunity.
Iraq is now facing a terrorist insurgency from a Sunni extremist group, and critics blame the Obama administration for not working hard enough to secure an agreement.
"I think we could have had one if we wanted it," Wolfowitz said of the agreement.
The former deputy Defense secretary played a large role in supporting the U.S. invasion of Iraq in 2003, on the premise that its leader, Saddam Hussein, had weapons of mass destruction in violation of international law.
Wolfowitz made the remarks at a roundtable gathering with African leaders and journalists during the U.S.-Africa Leaders Summit in Washington this week.
It is not that important why a person decided to change their occupation. It is important that this decision brings them new opportunities.
Any changes need to be approached responsibly and being prepared. Here, training classes come to the rescue. It allows you to make sure “in easy mod” whether a new profession is suitable for you or not.
Why trading?
We offer to pay attention to trading on exchanges. Trading is a high-risk activity, but it is able to bring a large income in a short time. There is nothing illegal in it. Everything is completely legal.
After becoming a successful trader, you will control your time yourself, you can live anywhere in the world. The only thing that will limit you is the access to the Internet.
What kinds of training exists?
Do not try to start trading on the exchanges on your own and without knowledge. You will quickly lose money and motivation. Before taking risks, we advise you to familiarize yourself with the basic principles and nuances of the profession.
Trading is the field where having only some theoretical knowledge is not enough. You need practice. And the practice should take place in a safe mode, under the supervision of an experienced trader. As you gain experience, you will be able to switch to “real” trading, again under the guidance of a mentor.
Evaluating the market of offered services in exchange trading, you can find two extreme points: free, fast, almost useless (self-education) and expensive, time-consuming, but working (special educational programs).
The easiest, but also the riskiest option is self-self-education. You can find information on the principles of trading, on the tools used, on analytical methods, and the like yourself. Some resources even provide an opportunity for demo-trading in “test money”.
The main drawback of this method is that the knowledge is superficial knowledge and you gain no practical experience. Two hundred test dollars for trial trading on the FOREX exchange will end very quickly, and you still wouldn't know why did it happen. No one will point out mistakes you have made.
We will not go through all the possible options, we will immediately point out that the most effective is long-term training with practical exercises. It has two “shortcomings” – it requires time and money. But there are a lot of benefits.
Typically, such classes consist of three parts: theory, practice in the demo-mode, practice in real trading. Quality training is characterized by the fact that the mentor is an experienced trader. They point out mistakes, suggests the best way to act in a particular situation, pays attention to the nuances, makes sure that you trade “cold-blooded”, etc.
Such training costs a lot of money. Maybe $ 5,000, maybe $ 10,000 or more. But look what you get in the end? You could lose the same money on several of your first deals if you decided to learn on your own. And here you invested them in your own knowledge. And it's well known that the most profitable investment is the investment in yourself.
A bit of info about exchanges
An exchange is a legal entity that provides free trade in certain types of assets. It establishes the rules of trade and monitors compliance of all participants. In addition, the exchange is engaged in the arbitration of disputes and may give some guarantees on the technical part of conducting deals.
Depending on the type of traded assets, there are several exchange types: commodity, stock, currency, futures. A few years ago, cryptocurrency exchanges broke into this list.
It is well known that the main earnings of exchange players occur when the value of asset changes. That is, the higher the volatility of the market, the more the player has the opportunity to earn.
The cryptocurrency market has a very high volatility. So many traders have switched from traditional exchanges to cryptocurrency exchanges. The technology of cryptocurrency trading is especially close to currency trading on the FOREX exchange. Similar tools and analytics are used.
Perhaps, the only thing that seriously distinguishes the cryptocurrency market from the traditional one is the lack of regulations and legal framework. That is why news from governments and financial regulators so much affect the fluctuations of rates.
Features of crypto exchanges
All existing crypto exchanges can be divided into two types:
those where crypto can be bought for fiat money;
“purely crypto” exchanges.
As well as on traditional exchanges, the main principle of a crypto-trader is “buy low, sell high”;
At crypto exchanges, price fluctuations are many times greater than those that are usually observed on traditional exchanges. Consequently, both risks and possible profits increase. In this situation, the speed of decision making becomes very important for the trader.
The large and rapid fluctuations in the asset rate result in the fact that technical analysis here is of less importance than on traditional exchanges.
Features of the blockchain technology lead to that only a limited number of traders participate in a trading of a certain coin. Therefore, individual players who own large stocks of coins are able to influence the rate greatly. It is often impossible to predict this.
In this regard, it is better to stay away from new coins with limited liquidity. They are often involved in “pump-and-dump” frauds.
Bitcoin is the coin with the largest liquidity on the exchanges. All cryptocurrencies have two main rates: in pairs with bitcoin and the US dollar.
What are fees paid for?
Exchange fees usually are taken for trading operations. They usually amount to 0.1 – 0.2% of the transaction amount.
There can also be fees for the deposit replenishment with fiat money or for funds withdrawal from the exchange. Here the fees are much higher and depend on the method of payment (wire transfer, plastic card, electronic payment systems, etc.). The fee's size can be either fixed (for example, $ 70 per transaction) or proportional (for example, 0,25%).
For the deposit replenishment with cryptocurrency, as well as for its withdrawal usually, the fee is not taken. Therefore, it is advantageous to buy cryptocurrency not on crypto exchange, but in other places.
How to sell bitcoins in Canada?
Bitcoin is specified for a reason. This is “the” cryptocurrency with the most liquidity, it is sold everywhere. You can buy any coin for BTC. This is in terms of trading.
There are also technical aspects, such as system reliability, transaction security, decentralization, transparency, etc.
As was already noted, crypto exchanges are not the best place to buy bitcoin. There are two reasons for this:
high fees;
poor security of accounts on the exchange.
Newsfeeds are full of reports of the theft of funds from a particular exchange. To protect yourself from this risk, it is best to store only the bitcoin amount necessary for trading on your account. And replenish this account or withdraw from it as necessary. And if so, then there is no need to sell bitcoin on the exchange.
For this operation, you can find cheaper places.
For example, you can access cryptocurrency exchange sites. Their fee is already included in the rate and additional expenses are not likely to happen, This is quite convenient because you can immediately see what happens at the output.
When selling bitcoin for the price close to the exchange rate, it is necessary to add fees for the operation, for withdrawal of funds. Also, the deal can be delayed, and the sale will be made not at the chosen rate, but at much worse one. All this complicates the fees calculation.
Experts from ICO Pulse platform advise – when looking for how to sell bitcoin in Canada, it is necessary to pay attention to:
exchange rate;
additional fees;
exchange reputation;
waiting period before the arrival of money.
Continue reading “Education for adults. Trading and cryptotrading training” →
Government opposes the use of a stability mechanism known as the EFSM, to which the UK Treasury contributes, to help fund Athens' new rescue package
David Cameron has ruled out British taxpayers providing any funding for a Greek bailout, despite speculation the UK could be asked to contribute as much as £1bn towards the bill.
The prime minister's official spokesperson said on Tuesday that Cameron did not believe that UK cash should be on the line, and there was currently no proposal on the table for this to happen.
George Osborne, the chancellor, said earlier that they would block any EU move to draw on an emergency fund containing British money for the new bailout programme.
Arriving in Brussels for a meeting of European finance ministers, Osborne said: “Britain is not in the euro, so the idea that British taxpayers will be on the line for this Greek deal is a complete non-starter. The eurozone needs to foot its own bill.”
There were reports on Monday that the European commission president, Jean-Claude Juncker, proposed to revive the European Financial Stabilisation Mechanism (EFSM) to use as collateral against short-term loans to Greece.
Britain believes this would renege on an agreement that the EFSM, which involves all 28 EU members, would no longer be used to underwrite bailouts of eurozone countries, which instead would be the responsibility of the 19 members of the single currency.
Cameron's spokesperson said the prime minister completely shared Osborne's view that it would be unacceptable.
“We've been clear we do not think British taxpayers should be providing funding for the eurozone,” they said. “We should be clear that there is no proposal on the table.”
Eurozone leaders struck a deal on Monday to prevent Greece from leaving the euro in return for a pledge from Athens to enact major reforms in the coming days.
The Greek prime minister, Alexis Tsipras, vowed on Monday evening to secure parliamentary approval after accepting a third bailout programme that came at the end of exhaustive talks with EU leaders.
Britain, however, has been alarmed about the possibility of having to participate, leading the chancellor to hold a series of telephone conversations with their counterparts ahead of Tuesday's meeting to emphasise their opposition.
Alexis Tsipras aims to steer eurozone bailout plan through Greek parliament Read more
In the House of Commons, Alex Salmond, the SNP's foreign affairs spokesperson, said the UK would “reap a bitter harvest” from its failure to support Greece, claiming holidaymakers were being discouraged from visiting the country.
“Shouldn't the government have shown a bit more solidarity with the people of Greece over recent weeks? For many of us, the attitude of the European commission, the ECB, certain European leaders, has been arrogant, dismissive and even anti-democratic,” they said.
“But all this government seems to have done is discourage tourists from going to Greece.”
David Lidington, the foreign office minister, rejected Salmond's criticism and said Britain had offered to help Greece.
“I don't know if you were here when the chancellor made their statement on Greece last week, but the chancellor made very clear the sympathy and long-standing friendship between this country and the people of of Greece,” they said.
“When this government was elected in May this year, the prime minister made an offer to the Greek government of technical support for things like improving the efficacy of their taxation system, that offer still remains open.”
Athens faces demands to repay €7bn in debts in July, including €3.5bn due to the European Central Bank on 20 July.
This will require a bridging loan of as much as £12bn, because the full bailout will not be agreed in time. All of the other 27 EU nations are expected to be asked to contribute.
Some of the controversial reforms Greece promised to pass into law by Wednesday include an overhaul of the country's VAT and pensions systems and signing up to plans that ensure immediate spending cuts in the event of breaching creditor-mandated budget targets.
The level of hostility engendered by the accord ensures that Greece is likely to be plunged into prolonged political tumult.
The Greek labour minister, Panos Skourletis, said Europe was “punishing us … we can't make this agreement seem better than it is.” They predicted that fresh elections would almost certainly have to be held later in 2015.
Paul Krugman, the Nobel prize-winning economist and prominent critic of austerity in Greece, said the creditors' demands “went beyond harsh into pure vindictiveness, complete destruction of national sovereignty [with] no hope of relief.
“It's a grotesque betrayal of everything the European project was supposed to stand for,” they wrote several hours before the final deal emerged.
Agence France-Presse contributed to this report
DEEP SPACE PROBES AND OTHER MANMADE OBJECTS BEYOND NEAR EARTH SPACE: SUMMARY compiled by Wm. Robert Johnston
last updated 7 February 2018 Summary of listed objects: Status and Location Functioning Defunct Boosters Debris Total orbiting Earth (distant) 2 3 19 4 28 orbiting the Moon 4 2 0 0 6 orbiting the Sun 13 62 115 40 230 orbiting Venus 1 5 1 0 7 orbiting Mars 6 8 1 2 17 orbiting (1) Ceres 1 0 0 0 1 orbiting Jupiter 1 0 0 0 1 Total in orbit 28 80 136 46 290 Solar system escape 3 2 1 2 8 on the Moon 6 34 0 64 104 on Mercury 0 0 0 1 1 on Venus 0 13 0 15 28 on Mars 2 9 0 28 39 on (433) Eros 0 1 0 0 1 on (25143) Itokawa 0 0 0 1 1 on 9P/Tempel 1 0 0 0 1 1 on 67P/Churyumov-Gerasimenko 0 2 0 0 2 in Jupiter 0 0 0 2 2 in Saturn 0 0 0 1 1 on Titan 0 1 0 2 3 Total on planets/asteroids/moons 8 60 0 115 183 Grand Total 39 142 137 163 481
For full listing and sources see Deep space probes and other manmade objects beyond near Earth space.
Cramped space, powdered cheese: Life for crew taking part in year-long isolation in NASA's HI-SEAS
Updated
Six people have shut themselves inside a dome for a year in Hawaii, in the longest US isolation experiment aimed at helping NASA prepare for a pioneering journey to Mars.
Key points Six people take part in year-long isolation
NASA studying how conflict scenarios play out
"Cheap" simulation costing $1.6 million
Conflicts found to arise in other similar simulation experiments
The crew includes a French astrobiologist, a German physicist and four Americans; a pilot, an architect, a doctor/journalist and a soil scientist.
They are based on a barren, northern slope of Mauna Loa, living inside a dome that is 11 metres in diameter and about six metres tall.
In a place with no animals and little vegetation around, they closed themselves in on Friday at 3:00pm Hawaii time, marking the official start to the 12-month mission.
The men and women have their own small rooms, with space for a sleeping cot and desk, and will spend their days eating food like powdered cheese and canned tuna, only going outside if dressed in a spacesuit, and having limited access to the internet.
Crew member Sheyna Gifford described the team as "six people who want to change the world by making it possible for people to leave it at will" in a post on their blog.
Architect Tristan Bassingthwaighte said they would be "studying architectural methods for creating a more habitable environment and increasing our capability to live in the extreme environments of Earth and other worlds", according to their LinkedIn page.
"Hoping to learn a lot!" they added.
Conflicts in cramped space certain to occur
Any astronauts that go to Mars are facing a trip that would last far longer than the six months that humans typically spend at the orbiting International Space Station.
NASA's current technology can send a robotic mission to the red planet in eight months, and the space agency estimates that a human mission would take between one and three years.
With all that time spent in a cramped space without access to fresh air, food, or privacy, conflicts are certain to occur.
The US space agency is studying how these scenarios play out on Earth — in a program called Hawaii Space Exploration Analog and Simulation (HI-SEAS) — before pressing on toward Mars, which NASA hopes to reach some time in the 2030s.
The first HI-SEAS experiment involved studies about cooking on Mars and was followed by a four-month and an eight-month co-habitation mission.
NASA is spending about $1.6 million on these simulations and has just received funding of around another $1.4 million for three more in the coming years, according to principal investigator Kim Binsted.
"That is very cheap for space research," they said.
"It is really inexpensive compared to the cost of a space mission going wrong."
Other simulation experiments have taken place under the ocean off the Florida coast, in Antarctica and in Russia, where a 520-day Mars experiment was carried out in 2011.
Ms Binsted said during the eight-month co-habitation mission, which ended earlier this year, conflicts did arise.
They said they could not go into detail about the nature of them without breaching confidentiality of the crew.
But the crew was able to work through their problems, they said.
"I think one of the lessons is that you really can't prevent interpersonal conflicts. It is going to happen over these long-duration missions, even with the very best people," they said.
"But what you can do is help people be resilient so they respond well to the problems and can resolve them and continue to perform well as a team."
Ms Binsted said the first scientific results from the missions should be made public about a year from now.
Jocelyn Dunn, a crew member from the previous mission, said they came to love the inside jokes among the crew, doing daily workouts, and learning to cook things like bagels and pizza dough with the ingredients on hand.
"I guess I got a taste of marriage, albeit a hexagon of relationships rather than a dyad," they wrote on their blog.
Then, just days after the mission ended in mid-June, they described the joy of being "on Earth" again, eating fresh vegetables, using a knife to cut meat, swimming, and drinking soft drink and champagne.
"I couldn't believe how much I had missed the flavours and textures of a juicy steak," they said.
AFP
Topics: astronomy-space, space-exploration, human-interest, hawaii
First posted
The Great White North: A review of UChicago's newest dorm
Jake Bittle Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 4, 2016
The author in front of Campus North Residence Hall. Photo © Michael Borde.
This article was originally submitted to the Chicago Maroon. Full disclosure: the author applied to be a Viewpoints columnist for said Chicago Maroon in autumn of 2013 and was rejected. They did, however, intern at Architectural Record magazine this summer, so you can be pretty sure they know what he's talking about.
It's no secret that architecture and money are related, and the University of Chicago is no exception. I lived in South Campus for two years, and even upon arriving at UChicago as a bushy-tailed Viewpoints columnist applicant in 2013, I couldn't fail to notice the ways in which money had influenced my new home: its failure to obtain LEED certification, for example, or its faulty non-sealing windows, or its Gulag-like concrete stairwells, or the fact that it was nine stories instead of the proposed eighteen. All these things attested that the building had been designed during a financial upswing, but built during the recession; in other words, that South Campus had failed because capitalism had had a hiccup.
For a private university responsible for world-famous advances in the study of markets and greed, this simply would not fly, and therefore South had to be rendered obsolete and swept aside as soon as possible. Hence, a new dorm: Campus North Residential Commons, a building that finally expresses in architecture the thing that makes this university special. No, I'm not talking about free and open discourse, because I don't know what that means. Rather, I'm talking about the triumph of capital.
The fact that I had to spend more than ten minutes searching for the cost of this building on the internet tells you it was probably way too high; at any rate, it cost at least as much as the foundational donation for the Odyssey Scholarship. (The UChicago News article about the dorm's opening does not mention the cost of the building, but does mention that Dollop will serve pies from Hoosier Mama Pie Company.) The good news is that, unlike South Campus, which looks like an Econo Lodge, this building looks like it cost way too much money. From almost any angle, South Campus looks dingy, but when you're approaching this new dorm from 56th Street, coming up through the no-man's-land that used to be Greenwood Avenue, it's hard not to be struck by the scale of the largest tower, which erases the sky entirely. The complex holds 800 students, but looks like it could easily fit 8,000.
Much has been said already about the absurd claim made by both UChicago press releases and Jeanne Gang themselves that the tripartite mouth at the corner of 55th and University represents the UChicago campus “opening out onto the community,” but I'll just add a few notes. A) There is a UCPD guard stationed at the street corner that “opens” onto the neighborhood. B) The buildings across the street from this corner are one story tall. C) The much-touted retail spaces in North are not inside the dorm complex but along 55th Street, on the ground floor of a ten-story concrete building—surely not the most inviting of all possible structures for, say, a Hyde Park resident who watched the university steamroll the neighborhood's jazz clubs in the 1950s to make room for I.M. Pei's University Park apartments, which are, incidentally, the only building in Hyde Park scarier than North. Half a century later, the university has one-upped itself: North has three toasterlike towers, to University Park's measly two.
I don't want to rip on Jeanne too much, because even if a lot of their buildings are flawed, she's obviously a very smart woman, a great designer, and an industry pioneer. I have no problem with their designing mega-expensive apartments in Hyde Park (somebody has to do it), nor am I one of those people who think all new things in Hyde Park are bad and would throw a fit if I heard they were replacing Boston Market. For the record, I like Cemitas Puebla. Nevertheless, there was simply no way for Studio Gang, Blair Kamin, or any other outsider to see how perfectly Campus North distills everything loathsome and terrifying about this loathsome, terrifying institution. The resemblances border on the allegorical: the three-step increase of the tower heights represents the ever-expanding gluttony of capital, obviously, and the cascading curves of the concrete and glass perfectly resemble the rhetorical flourishes in an administrative email. The silhouetted students visible in the glass-walled house lounges at night represent the prisoners of an unjust system, while the cavernous lobby and vast landscaped walkways represent the essential emptiness of all profit-based motivations; meanwhile, the varyingly sized but universally rectangular glass of panels on the facades represent the farce of individuality in just such a profit-driven society. If I had to guess, I would say the circular courtyard, filled with skinny trees but restricted by caution tape, symbolizes UChicago's stance on safe spaces.
The whole compound is nothing more and nothing less than a massive victory lap for the cretins who run this institution. This is who we are, the buildings seem to hum as you walk past, serving as proxies for the administrators one will never get to meet or meet with anyhow. This is the kind of thing we like to build. Get used to it. Plus, we're number 3 on U.S. News now, so who the fuck are you to complain?
I know what you're thinking: this aging rejected Viewpoints columnist lives off campus and hasn't even been inside this damn building. Well, I actually have, and I can tell you it's every bit as bad on the inside. The hallways are endless, undecorated, and spaceship-sterile—you expect an alien to jump around the corner at any second. The doors to bedrooms, bathrooms and study rooms alike are all about ten feet tall and sheer white, with keypad locks; they all look like doors into storage rooms for hazardous waste, and in many cases they are. The house lounges feature two-story staircases designed for giants where houses are supposed to gather for weekly meetings. Everything feels too tall, too wide, or too long, or maybe it was made that way on purpose to accommodate the massive new football players in the class of 2020. On the fifteenth-story observatory, you can see past the city's neighborhoods and straight into the heart of the financial district. That's where you belong, the vista whispers to first-year economics students. That's where you're headed. Your superday at Lazard is only a few years away.
I hate to say it, but those are the students this dorm is meant for, or at the very least, those are the students it's going to create: drones in maroon pullovers hovering down fluorescent hallways to take classes, go to frats, or buy Insomnia cookies, then hovering back and powering down for the night. And look, I'm no fan of “quirkiness,” but I refuse to believe that we have to choose between hyper-caffeinated social awkwardness and the totalizing, infantilizing sterility of this new residence hall. Did we overshoot the landing on normalcy? Is that how we ended up with this 400,000-square-foot cryogenic storage facility, a building so immense and unfeeling that you half-expect there to be pressure-sealed airlocks at the end of each hallway and HAL 9000 units sitting in the lobby? We have to ask ourselves, is this what we really want? Just kidding, we had no say in the matter.
SCP-1467
SCP-1467 at arrival to Site-19 in 2008
Item #: SCP-1467
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: SCP-1467 should be contained in a padded cell with no fewer than three (3) audio recording devices installed in the walls. SCP-1467 should be allowed free use of these devices. While sleeping, devices should be kept on repeat playback. Batteries are to be changed weekly. SCP-1467 should be medicated using document '23-A' and a therapist meeting should be provided once per week. SCP-1467 should always be referred to in person as 'Mr. Smith', as referring to it by any other means throws it into a panic/rage state. This has resulted in moderate injuries to it and research personnel, and has seriously impeded attempts to interview the subject and keep its mental state stable. Foundation personnel wishing to visit or make use of SCP-1467 for experiments must seek permission with its currently designated therapist. In the event of a containment breach, immediate termination of SCP-1467 is authorised. Records of SCP-1467 should be reviewed every month, and at least six backups should be kept in different locations at all times.
Description: SCP-1467 is a 47 year old male of African American descent. Unless constantly reaffirming its existence, SCP-1467 slowly fades out of reality. The effect manifests in a gradual decrease in the ability to perceive SCP-1467 by any known means until it eventually vanishes. This has been known to affect objects and personnel in SCP-1467's immediate vicinity. The Foundation have been unable to determine the extent of this ability to a satisfactory degree but current experimental data suggests it is localised to SCP-1467. The subject claims to be a construction worker. It further claims its anomalous properties arose in a gradual fashion after the death of its wife and children in a car accident.
During this time it developed several coping mechanisms to keep its slowly degrading condition under a modicum of control. Habits such as repeating its name, checking its pulse, keeping itself talking to others, drawing and writing descriptions of itself on its body and surrounding surfaces and keeping recordings of its voice going while sleeping all developed over time. Currently the Foundation have found no records of subject's stated wife, children, house, car or extended family ever having existed. There have been no car accidents in the claimed area at the given date, no graves could be found, the provided address has never been in use, and all relevant social security numbers remain unassigned due to what appears to be a computer error.
The only evidence of SCP-1467's existence consists of a few co-workers remembering it, but accounts vary widely. As an example, construction worker ██████ ████████, described as a "close friend," was unable to recall subject's skin color with certainty. As a result of the mental stress the subject is under, it has developed a severe case of bipolar depression, in addition to chronic sleep deprivation. Its anomalous condition continues to deteriorate. By current estimates, the Foundation will have lost it by 20██-██
Addendum-1 Please note the containment procedures only call for referring to SCP-1467 as 'Mr. Smith' while in its vicinity, and this only due to its sensitive mental state. At all other times it should be referred to using its SCP designation. It has been noted that personnel assigned to SCP-1467 have repeatedly failed to do so. Further violations will be severely reprimanded. Keep it professional. -Director ████
Experiment Logs
Experiment #16:
Test procedure: SCP-1467 was restrained and made unable to speak. Research assistants Reiner and Dieter were in the room and kept observing subject. Dr. Thorns supervised from an adjacent room.
Date: █████-██-██
Results:
10m:12s : Unable to recognise subject as SCP-1467.
14m:32s : Unable to recognise clothes of SCP-1467.
19m:07s : Unable to identify SCP-1467's race.
24m:00s : Unable to identify what SCP-1467 is currently doing.
35m:46s : Unable to identify how SCP-1467 is sitting.
39m:41s : Unable to identify anything save the presence of a humanoid creature in the room.
Research Assistant Dieter started a recording at this point, consisting of SCP-1467 describing himself. Subject returned to a describable state, curled up in a fetal position on the floor. No sign of the restraints or the chair in which the subject had been placed. Subsequent tests showed similar results, with a minor variation in timing, tending downwards.
Test Conclusion: It would appear SCP-1467's condition is slowly getting worse, and that it can affect others than itself. - Dr Thorns
Experiment #19:
Test procedure: Experiment 16 was repeated. At the humanoid creature phase assistant researchers were replaced by D-Class personnel with prior experience in SCP testing. D-Class Personnel will hereafter be referred to as D-1 and D-2.
Date: █████-██-██
Results:
D Personnel expressed agitation at the half-perceived creature. D-1 clawed against the door while D-2 kept their eyes at what remained of SCP-1467. The following conversation was recorded. Assistant Reiner: "Please describe what you see."
D-1: "[Expletive Redacted] let us out!"
D-2: "I don't know, there's… it's… there's something in here! I can't see it."
Assistant Reiner: "How do you know there is something in there?"
D-2: "[Expletives Redacted]"
Assistant Reiner: "How do you know there is something in there?"
D-2: "I can feel it! Dude, it vanished, get them to open the [Expletive Redacted] door!"
D-1: "I'm trying, I'm trying!"
Assistant Reiner: "Please remain calm."
D-2: "It's coming for us! I can tell it is coming for us!" At this point, D-2 started screaming. D-1 started crying. A recording of SCP-1467 describing themselves was activated, and armed personnel entered the room. D-1 was curled up in a fetal position at the entrance. D-2 was found lying a bit further away unconscious and was initially mistaken for SCP-1467. SCP-1467 was initially not locatable, but after approximately 3 minutes, 19 seconds, could be found leaning against the far wall, clutching their head in their hand, apparently suffering a panic attack.
Test Conclusion: Is the effect contagious or does it just… lash out around itself? - Dr. Thorns
Experiment #20:
Test procedure: In order to ascertain whether SCP-1467's condition is contagious and to what extent, one (1) D-Class will be assigned to SCP-1467's cell for a three week period. After this time the D-Class will be removed and kept under observation for one week. Selected D-Class is 27, male, non-violent, Designation: D-17321.
Date: █████-██-██
Results: D-17321 was removed and terminated with no anomalous properties arising. Therapist reported an increase in the lucidity and calm of SCP-1467 during the period, and a decline afterwards. SCP-1467 has shown signs of worry and repeatedly requested information about D-17321's current status.
Test Conclusion: Inconclusive. We did not order D-17321 to ignore SCP-1467, and though they remained suspicious of each other the first week they seem to have formed a moderate bond by the end of the experiment. Recommend further tests. - Dr. Thorns
Experiment #21:
Test procedure: Selected D-Class is 32, male, non-violent, Designation: D-9452. D-9452 was given strict orders to ignore SCP-1467.
Date: █████-██-██
Results: After approximately fifteen minutes, SCP-1467 physically assaulted D-9452, who proceeded to break SCP-1467's nose. The subjects had to be restrained by guards. Test aborted. Therapist reports an improvement in SCP-1467's mental state.
Test Conclusion: Failure. I have a hard time seeing how they could have reaffirmed SCP-1467's existence harder. Apparently non-violent does not cover being shoved around. - Dr. Thorns
Experiment #22:
Test procedure: In the guise of finding a treatment, SCP-1467 was convinced to cooperate with the experiment. Selected D-Class is 37, female, non-violent, Designation: D-361. D-Class has been given no special orders on how to interact with SCP-1467.
Date: █████-██-██
Results: After two weeks and four days D-361 vanished. It is currently unknown whether they contracted SCP-1467's condition, was subjected to it, or whether they escaped the site. No records of them appear to have been contaminated, and it appears they vanished while SCP-1467 slept. SCP-1467 remained unresponsive for approximately a day after their disappearance, solely repeating that it "did not want to go" in addition to inflicting several minor scratches along its arms and legs. It remains fearful and difficult to interact with.
Test Conclusion: Due to the strain on SCP-1467's already stressed psyche coupled with the apparent localised nature of its condition this line of testing has been suspended. - Dr. Thorns.
End of Logs
European Union (L) and Turkish flags fly outside a hotel in Istanbul, Turkey May 4, 2016. REUTERS/Murad Sezer
ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey is not considering cancelling an agreement with the European Union to readmit migrants who had previously reached the bloc illegally from Turkish territory, Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus said on Monday.
“It is now the EU's turn to fulfill its responsibilities. I believe it will act in line with the deal as Turkey has done so much for it. Cancellation of the deal is not on our agenda, and we will continue to do our part for the deal to succeed,” Kurtulmus told reporters after a meeting of cabinet ministers.
“The drop in the number of refugees arriving in Europe is clear evidence that Turkey is taking the deal seriously,” they added, warning that the deal should not be an issue of domestic politics in EU countries.
The deal between Brussels and Ankara to stem the flow of illegal migrants into Europe has been hampered by disagreements over Turkey's counter-terrorism law, which the European Union wants to see brought in line with EU standards.
Turkey has accused Europe of throwing up new hurdles to fully implementing the deal, which is meant to give Turks visa-free travel to the EU in return for curbing illegal migration.
Turkey's government says it has already met the EU's criteria for visa-free travel and that it will not change its anti-terrorism laws any further.
2015 hasn't been the kindest year to Samsung's mobile division. Despite two new flagship products – the Galaxy S6 and the S6 Edge – the South Korean tech giant simply couldn't escape the long shadow of Apple's iPhone which continues to swallow up 94% of all smartphone profits.
But more than that, profits from Samsung's mobile division have been far from impressive. During the first quarter of 2015, for example, profits from Samsung's mobile division fell by an astounding 39% year over year.
DON'T MISS: ‘Star Wars' writers explain everything about Kylo Ren's turn to the Dark Side
Seeking to shed some light on what currently ails the company, Reuters recently spoke to a number of former executives who spoke openly about the more limiting factors of Samsung's corporate culture.
The problem, in short, rests on the fact that Samsung has no idea what it's doing with software.
This culture, they say, has stymied many previous efforts to develop software and service platforms to support the smartphone business. In the past year several such services have closed down, at least one of them within a year of being launched. “There's a lot of distrust of top executives who can actually implement stuff that is more of a software and services offering,” said one person familiar with the company's inner workings. “It's still ‘we know how to sell boxes, we sell boxes'.”
This strategy may have worked well in the past, back when most phone reviews solely focused on specs like speed, performance, and camera quality. Thee mobile landscape in 2015, however, is markedly different. Today, a smartphone is not just measured by hardware, but by the elegance of its software and the utility of its services. It's hardly a coincidence that Apple is currently preoccupied with fleshing out its selection of software features and services, from iCloud and Apple Music all the way down to 3D Touch.
Samsung may do hardware well, but the company's lack of sophistication with respect to software, coupled with dysfunctional in-fighting, are seemingly working in unison to hold the company back.
Compounding matters is that Samsung's ambivalence towards software reportedly emanates from the top of the company downward. As a result, former employees who spoke to Reuters articulated that Samsung, in some regards, tends to treat software “as little more than a marketing tool.”
Indeed, if one runs down some of the more curious software features Samsung has rolled out over the past few years, it's hard to disagree.
Ancient skeletons discovered in Georgia threaten to overturn the theory of human evolution
For generations, scientists have believed Africa was the cradle of humankind.
Now a stunning archaeological discovery suggests our primitive ancestors left Africa to explore the world around 800,000 years earlier than was previously thought before returning to their home continent.
It was there - hundreds of thousands of years later - that they evolved into modern humans and embarked on a second mass migration, researchers say.
Astonishing discovery: Archaeologists have unearthed six ancient skeletons dating back 1.8 million years in the hills of Georgia
Archaeologists have unearthed six ancient skeletons dating back 1.8 million years in the hills of Georgia which threaten to overturn the theory of human evolution.
The Georgian bones - which include incredibly well preserved skulls and teeth - are the earliest humans ever found outside Africa.
The remains belong to a race of short early humans with small primitive brains who walked and ran like modern people.
They were found alongside stone tools, animal remains and plants - suggesting that they hunted and butchered meat.
Professor David Lordkipanidze with one of the skulls from the Georgia site
Archaeologists now believe that our ancestors left for Europe at least 1.8million years ago, before returning to Africa and developing into Homo Sapiens
Prof David Lordkipanidze, the direct of the Georgian National Museum, said: 'Before our findings, the prevailing view was that humans came out of Africa almost 1million years ago, that they already had sophisticated stone tools, and that their body anatomy was quite advanced in terms of brain capacity and limb proportions. But what we are finding is quite different'
They said Africa was still the unchallenged cradle of humankind. But they added: 'Georgia may have been the cradle of the first Europeans.'
Their discovery muddies the already complicated history of humankind.
Archaeologists believe that the first true humans - a race of squat people called Homo habilis - evolved in Africa around 2.5 million years ago. They were followed by a taller athletic species called Homo erectus who migrated out of Africa to colonise Europe and Asia.
Outside Africa their descendents are thought to have died out. But in Africa, they turned into modern man who began a second wave of migration around 120,000 years ago.
The new finds suggest Homo erectus left Africa far earlier than was previously estimated and lived for a while in Eurasia.
Three skulls all found at the Dmanisi site
The new ancestors - found in Dmanisi - were around 150cm tall, and had brains half the size of modern people's.
'While the Dmanisi people were almost modern in their body proportions, and were highly efficient walkers and runners, their arms moved in a different way and their brains were tiny compared to ours,' they told the British Science Festival at Surrey University.
'Their brain capacity is about 600 cubic centimetres. The prevailing view before this discovery was that the humans who first left Africa had a brain size of about 1,000 cubic centimetres.
'Nevertheless they were sophisticated toolmakers with high social and cognitive skills.'
The first Dmanisi fossils were found in 2001. The most recent has only just been unearthed and its details have yet to be published in a scientific journal.
Prof Lordkipanidze said the Dmanisi bones may have belonged to an early Homo erectus which lived in Georgia before moving on to the rest of Europe.
Or the early humans may then have returned to Africa, eventually giving rise to our own species, Homoe sapiens, they said.
'The question is whether Homo erectus orginated in Africa or Eurasia, and if in Eurasia, did we have vice-versa migrations? This idea looked very stupid a few years ago, but not today,' they told the British Science Festival.
SINGAPORE (Reuters) - A group of scientists is developing more accurate drought and harvest forecasts for Indonesia using tree rings, historic rice production figures and sea surface temperature data.
Indonesia is one of the world's most populous nations and a major producer of rice, cocoa, coffee and tobacco.
But the country is regularly at risk of drought caused by the El Nino phenomenon in which the eastern Pacific ocean heats up, with wet wetter moving toward the east and leaving drier weather in west around Southeast Asia and Australia.
U.S. scientist Rosanne D'Arrigo and their colleague Robert Wilson are working on simplified statistical models that can predict drought ahead of the main September-December rice planting season and how severe the drought might be.
The models focus on Java, one of the world's most densely populated islands with 120 million people.
“We're trying to develop simple, predictive model of drought and crop productivity on Java. There are complex models out there but you need to have a local type of analysis and something simple for local people to use,” said D'Arrigo of the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory of the United States.
They were speaking to Reuters from Dalat in southern Vietnam where they were presenting their team's work at a climate change conference this week. Wilson is from Scotland's University of St. Andrews.
A key part of the model is using sea surface temperature data from the tropical Pacific and from the Indian Ocean. A separate phenomenon called the Indian Ocean Dipole can also cause drought in Australia and affect rainfall in Indonesia.
Other data such as sea-level pressure and wind indexes are also used. The data are examined several months before the usual onset of the monsoon to try to accurately predict likely rainfall patterns over Indonesia.
D'Arrigo said they also found good agreement between the sea surface temperature model, a local drought index in Java and government data on crop productivity.
This suggested “we could estimate not only the coming drought condition but also the kind of crop season you would expect to have,” they said, adding they were also looking at a predictive model for the onset of the monsoon.
TREE RINGS
Them team also looked at tree rings from old teak trees in Java and Sulawesi island to build up a chronology of past droughts and found a very strong correlation with El Nino.
“Indonesia is kind of unique in the sense that it's probably the area where you have the greatest ‘ground-zero' climate signal related to El Nino,” they told Reuters.
The oldest teak tree ring records came from the 16th century, they said, but added it had been hard work finding the remaining centuries-old teak trees.
“It takes fair a bit of research. You have to do a bit of detective work to find the few remaining last stands that haven't been cut for furniture.”
Prime Minister Tony Abbott's policy to turn back asylum seekers has failed a significant test, with 63 boat people arriving on Christmas Island after the government blinked in a mid-ocean standoff with Indonesia.
The backdown will be seen as a loss of face for the Coalition, which vowed before the election that Australian authorities would not act as a taxi service for refugees. It may also encourage other people-smuggling syndicates to try their hand.
Although Indonesia had agreed to Australia's request to take back asylum seekers on two recent occasions, critics of the government's turn-back policy had predicted Jakarta would eventually refuse to accept boats turned back by the Australian navy. That day came on Friday, when Indonesian Foreign Minister Marty Natalegawa outlined a harder-line doctrine and refused to take the asylum seekers unless there was a threat to life.
As Labor said the turn-back policy was ''in tatters'' and accused the Abbott government of inept diplomacy, Immigration Minister Scott Morrison tried to play down the stand-off in a statement issued on Saturday. They said that overnight on Friday the Indonesians has advised Australian officials that they were ''reviewing'' the request to take the boat back.
On 19 September 2017, just four days after the Astana International meeting establishing Syria's De-Escalation Zones in many parts of the country, and only days after the United Nations' Commission of Inquiry presented findings of a fact-finding mission confirming the illegal use of chemical weapons and the systemic targeting of medical facilities by the Syrian government in April 2017, three Idlib medical facilities serving a combined more than 100.000 people yearly were allegedly attacked in airstrikes attributed to Syrian or Russian forces.
One of these facilities, the Rahme hospital in Khan Shaykhoun, was the same facility targeted with airstrikes in the immediate aftermath of the chemical attack on 4 April 2017. The Syrian Archive has done in-depth open source analysis on this incident. The Kafranbel hospital was also previously attacked on March 25th 2017. All three facilities were far from conflict areas, and well within the designated De-Escalation Zones established as per an agreement between Russia, Turkey, and Iran.
This report presents in-depth overviews of visual content regarding the three incidents. To cross-reference findings from visual content, flight observation data was provided to the Syrian Archive by an organisation employing a well-developed network of spotters. By examining a variety of sources of information for each attack, the Syrian Archive was able to corroborate and strengthen findings. Visual content gathered and verified by the Syrian Archive was extensively analysed – including in-depth geolocation with satellite imagery. All times provided are in Damascus local time, and in 24-hour format.
Findings regarding these attacks were characterized by repeated bombardments, lack of warnings, and an absence of active military hostilities in the vicinity of the attack. Through collecting, verifying and reporting investigative findings from these incidents, the authors hopes to preserve critical information that may be used for advocacy purposes or as evidence in future proceedings seeking legal accountability.
All visual documentation used in this open source analysis have been preserved with they Syrian Archive platform.
Incident 1: The Rahmeh hospital in Khan Shaykhoun
Location: IDLIB : Khan Shaykhoun
Hospital: The Rahmeh hospital in Khan Shaykhoun
Beneficiaries: ~50,000 people
Date: 19/09/2017
Time of Attack: ~ 11:00am
Attacks: Alleged: Two airstrike according to Hama Health Directorate
Reported killed: None reported
Reported injured: None reported
Munitions identified: Not available
Potentially responsible: Syrian air force
[Written on the wall “The health care center of Khan Shaykoun”]
On 19 September 2017 between 11:00 and 11:45, the Rameh hospital in Khan Shaykhoun was attacked with airstrikes allegedly by Syrian airforce. The hospital served approximately 50.000 – 100.000 people. Khan Shaykoun Hospital was previously attacked on 4 April 2017, immediately after the chemical attack by sarin or a sarin-like substance, confirmed in a report published by the OPCW.
For the attack on 19 September, the first video documenting the attack was published by Muaz Al Shami's, which showed destruction of the Khan Shaykoun hospital building, as well as fire inside the building. In the video, Al Shami stated: “Most of the hospital equipments have been destroyed. Tow ambulance cars have been destroyed too. The hospital is completely out of service now”.
Al Shami conducted an interview with one of the hospital workers, who stated in the video: “On 19 September 2017 the Rahmeh hospital in Khan Shaykhoun was targeted by an airstrike. The hospital serves children and women. Its beneficiaries are around 75.000 to 100.000 people. Two ambulance cars that belong to Sham ambulance system were destroyed.”
Orient news also published a video of the same incident, reported by Mouhammed Faisal. See below:
This video shows the total destruction of the hospital. See still below:
The Syrian Archive has published an investigation of the previous attack on the hospital on 4 April 2017. A Geolocation from the previous attack is provided below:
Video by Muaz Al Shami and Dorar Al Sham after the attack on Khan Shaykoun on April 4th 2017
Video documentation of the attack on 19 September confirms that the attack has taken place as the same location. See below:
Orient news video captured during the attack on 19-09-2017 compared to satellite images taken in 21-02-2017 and 02-06-2017
Hamah health directorate published a statement about the attack on their facebook channel saying that the hospital was attacked at 11:00am on 19-09-2017 with two airstrikes which resulted in hospital building damage as well as its equipment and three ambulances.
Additional videos related to this attack are provided below
Video from Edlib Media Center. Video from Assi Press.
To provide a further layer of verification, the Syrian Archive cross-referenced findings from the videos with flight observation data from a spotter organisation. This process necessitated analysing observation data for flights between 7:00 and 15:00, the period directly before and after the reported attack.
Through comparing where flights were observed, the time they were observed, and the direction flights were heading, and comparing this data to geolocation conducted in earlier steps, the Syrian Archive was able to identify a flight potentially responsible for the attack (a fixed-wing Russian aircraft), seen circling the immediate vicinity of the geolocated attack site. Previous research has found that circling flights typically indicate target acquisition and/or preparation for imminent attack. Important to note is that while the aircraft type was Russian, it is possible the flight was operated by the Syrian airforce, rather than the Russian airforce, as the Syrian airforce also operates Russian planes.
Incident 2: The Rahman hospital in Altah
Location: IDLIB : Altah
Hospital: The Rahman hospital in Altah
Beneficiaries: ~ 2000 children and 2500 women monthly
Date: 19/09/2017
Time of Attack: ~ 1st airstrike: 11:45am – 2nd airstrike 12:15pm – 3rd airstrike 12:25pm
Attacks: Alleged Three Russian airstrike
Reported killed: One killed (Fathyah Khaled Al Arnous) (Woman staff of the hospital)
Reported injured: Injured included the medical staff of the hospital and 10 civilians (patients)
Munitions identified: Not available
Potentially responsible: Russian or Syrian air force
On 19 September 2017 at around 12:00, the Rahman hospital in Altah was attacked with airstrikes allegedly by the Syrian or Russian airforce. The hospital served approximately 10.000 people.
Step News Agency has published a video showing the first moment of an airstrike that targeted Al Rahman hospital.
Qasioun News Agency also published a video which features an interview with a member of the Syrian Civil Defence rescue team, who said: “Al Rahman hospital was attacked by a Russian airstrike.After the first airstrike we emptied the hospital of women, children and infants. Generators were on fire as a result of this attack.”
Continuing, the Civil Defence volunteer said that the hospital was attacked with three airstrikes which followed each other. “The first airstrike happened which was followed by the second airstrike after 15 minutes, and lastly by the third airstrike after 5 minutes.”
Anas Al Merawi also published a video showing the Syrian Civil Defence rescue team distinguishing the fire. “19 September 2017: The targeting of infant, children, and women's hospital in Idlib countryside. It doesn't have any relation to the clashes happening in northern countryside of Hammah. One woman patient was killed as a result of this attack. There were many patients as well. There is huge destruction of the infant department as well as the birth department.
Smart News Agency also published a video which showed an ambulance and a car destroyed as a result of the attack.
Another video showing the same ambulance was published by Muaz Al Shami on their YouTube channel. See below:
In the video, it is possible to read a sign next to the door saying “This hospital was set up by the non-profit association Ihsan in 2016.” See below:
Another sign was featured in the same video with the following text:“Al Rahman Charitable Specialist Hospital – Women, Birth, Children – 24 hours emergency ”
SMART News Agency's reporter took some footage inside the hospital which shows a sign reading: “Infant section.” See below:
Muaz Al Shami's video shows cards posted on the infant incubator. The text written on one of them:“Name: Nour Alshoun – Gender: Female – Father's name: Omar – Date: 18-09-2017.” See below:
Other departments of the hospital able to be identified through the SMART News video include: “”Women's Section.” See below
There is also an “Emergency and radiology department.” See below:
In an interview from the same video, a member of the medical facility staff stated: “A few members of the hospital staff were injured, including the administration director. One of the women staff died as a result of the attack. The medical facility is out of service now as a result of this attack.”
Another staff member stated in the same video: “The destruction of the hospital included the Emergency department – X-Ray department – the infant department, the women's department, and the birth department. We moved one of the children from Altah hospital into the university hospital before the attack. We heard about the attack on Altah hospital while we were in the university hospital, so we came back to move the infants to Telmenes hospital and other medical facilities that are close to this area.”
A panoramic image of the damaged hospital was created using stills from Muaz Al Shami video. See below:
Additional satellite imagery was obtained from DigitalGlobe, from which further geolocation of the hospital was possible. See below:
Additional video documentation of this incident are provided below:
To provide a further layer of verification, the Syrian Archive cross-referenced findings from the videos with flight observation data from a spotter organisation. This process necessitated analysing observation data for flights between 7:00 and 15:00, the period directly before and after the reported attack.
Through comparing where flights were observed, the time they were observed, and the direction flights were heading, and comparing this data to geolocation conducted in earlier steps, the Syrian Archive was able to identify several flights potentially responsible for the attack (several fixed-wing Russian aircraft as well as a MiG-23 Flogger), seen circling the immediate vicinity of the geolocated attack site. Previous research has found that circling flights typically indicate target acquisition and/or preparation for imminent attack. Important to note is that while the aircraft type were all Russian, it is possible the flights were operated by the Syrian airforce, rather than the Russian airforce, as the Syrian airforce also operates Russian planes.
Incident 3: The Kafranbel Hospital
Location: IDLIB : Kafranbel
Hospital: The Kafranbel Hospital
Beneficiaries: ~ 3000 people Monthly
Date: 19/09/2017
Time of Attack: First airstrike: 10:30, Second airstrike: 10:35, Third airstrike: 10:40
Attacks: Alleged three Russian airstrikes
Reported killed: No reports
Reported injured: One injured was standing outside of the hospital
Munitions identified: Not available
Potentially responsible: Russian or Syrian air force
On 19 September 2017 at approximately 10:30am, the Kafranbel hospital was attacked with three airstrikes allegedly by the Syrian or Russian airforce. The hospital served approximately 3000 people.
Radio Fresh published a video documenting the first moments of the attack, as their photographer was there.
Eye on Homeland News Agency also published a video that showed the sign of the hospital including the name and logo of the supporting organisation (Hand in Hand for Syria). The organisation describes itself on the website stating: “Hand in Hand for Syria is a UK registered charity that was set up soon after the start of the conflict in Syria in 2011. Established by a group of British-Syrians, the charity has grown to become a leading humanitarian force inside the country.” See below:
The video also shows a small building damaged as a result of this attack and previous attack that targeted the same hospital on on March 25th 2017. See below:
Ma'ara Media Center's Mohammed Al Daher also published a video which shows a crater located in front of the hospital as a result of the attack. See below:
In an interview from the video, one of the survivors stated: “We were working, then we saw the airforce which targeted us and we didn't expect it.”
Another photo published on the Facebook page of Marra Media Center shows the same crater in front of the hospital. See below:
SMART News Agency published a video showing the entrance to the hospital. In the same video, one of the hospital staff members stated in an interview: “We were working on an emergency case when the airstrike happened. We don't have injured from the medical staff but, one girl was injured in their back, as they were standing outside the hospital.”
The Syrian Archive used frames from this video to create a panoramic view of the entrance to the hospital. See below:
This, combined with additional satellite imagery obtained from DigitalGlobe, allowed for geolocation of the hospital was possible. See below:
Additional video documentation of this incident are provided below:
Video of RFS Video showing the moment of the airstrike from distance. Video of Al dorar Al shamya showing the moment of the airstrike from distance. Video of Idlib Media Center EMC showing the first moment of the airstrike from distance. Video of citizen journalist Mustafa Hussein showing the attack from distance.
To provide a further layer of verification, the Syrian Archive cross-referenced findings from the videos with flight observation data from a spotter organisation. This process necessitated analysing observation data for flights between 7:00 and 15:00, the period directly before and after the reported attack.
Through comparing where flights were observed, the time they were observed, and the direction flights were heading, and comparing this data to geolocation conducted in earlier steps, the Syrian Archive was able to identify several flights potentially responsible for the attack (all fixed-wing Russian aircraft), seen circling the immediate vicinity of the geolocated attack site. Previous research has found that circling flights typically indicate target acquisition and/or preparation for imminent attack. Important to note is that while the aircraft type were all Russian, it is possible the flights were operated by the Syrian airforce, rather than the Russian airforce, as the Syrian airforce also operates Russian planes.
By Ryan Burton
As previously reported on BoxingScene.com, Jose Luis Rodriguez (17-6-1) came in on late notice to face blue chip lightweight prospect Felix Verdejo (20-0) on April 16th at the Coliseo Roberto Clemente in San Juan, Puerto Rico.
Verdejo was originally scheduled to face Daniel Evangelista who pulled out of the fight with an injury last week. The fight will headline an UniMas Solo Boxeo card. Featherweight prospect Christopher Diaz (15-0) will face an opponent to be determined in the co-feature bout.
Assuming Verdejo defeats Rodriguez and escapes the fight injury free, they are scheduled to return to the ring on June 11th at Madison Square Garden in New York in a HBO telecast that will possibly be against Jose Felix Jr. (33-1-1) of Mexico.
The fight will be Verdejo's second HBO appearance on the eve of the Puerto Rican Day Parade in New York City. Verdejo's promoter Top Rank previously used the June dates to help build the career of Puerto Rican superstar Miguel Cotto.
Top Rank is trying to finalize a deal for former featherweight champions Vasyl Lomachenko and Nicholas Walters to face each other in a bout at 130 pounds to serve as the main event. WBO super featherweight champion Rocky Martinez has also been mentioned as a possible opponent for Lomachenko who currently holds the WBO featherweight title if an agreement with Walters cannot be reached.
Send questions or comments to [email protected]. You can follow Ryan on Twitter @ringsidewriter
An offer has been accepted for a local not-for-profit to buy Hamilton's historic Westdale Theatre with the goal of keeping the movie theatre in operation.
Terms of the deal have been accepted between the current owners and the Westdale Cinema Group, which includes film producer Fred Fuchs, Jeremy Freiburger of CoBalt Connects, History and Heritage owner Graham Crawford, and former Valley City Manufacturing owner Bob Crockford.
Both parties are currently in the due diligence stage, but should everything shake out, the Westdale will continue to live on as a local theatre. Representatives from the group could not immediately be reached for comment.
"I'm very happy that a not-for-profit, idealistic buyer has secured ownership of the cinema," said Ward 1 Coun. Aidan Johnson.
"Now, the trick is ensuring that the building can be properly preserved with its heritage features respected, and that a good sustainable plan can be created to ensure the Westdale can continue to thrive as a place for art and community."
The Westdale Theatre is a 1930s single-screen house in Hamilton. (Hamilton Public Library)
The deal for the theatre is coming in at around $1.8 million, but sources say the building needs about another million dollars for renovations, for things like new seats, fixing the roof, and updating technology.
Johnson says that as soon as the theatre went up for sale at the end of last year, their office got dozens of phone calls and emails from Hamiltonians saying they wanted them to do anything possible to save the cinema.
They say they are helping the theatre group connect with any available grant funding to help both with heritage preservation and programming development.
A potential point of controversy on the theatre is Johnson's desire to have some of the theatre's potential upgrades included on Ward 1's participatory budgeting list, though it was inserted on the list to be voted on for that program after its deadline cutoff for submissions.
Johnson says that was only the case because the theatre didn't go up for sale until after that window closed.
adam.carter@cbc.ca
Welcome to the weekly roundup of great articles, facts and figures. These are the weekly finds that made our eyes pop.
Fewer Jobs, Less Pay
The first look at 2010 ain't pretty. David Cay Johnston overviews the 2010 salary and wage numbers. There is a video overview at the link as well.
The median paycheck — half made more, half less — fell again in 2010, down 1.2 percent to $26,364. That works out to $507 a week, the lowest level, after adjusting for inflation, since 1999. The number of Americans with any work fell again last year, down by more than a half million from 2009 to less than 150.4 million.
Income Rising at the Top
EPI shows the 99% are right, the rich get richer, the rest of us get the shaft.
In the long period before the most recent recession, from 1979 to 2007, inflation-adjusted incomes of the top 1 percent of households increased 224 percent. Those even better off, the top 0.1 percent (the top one one-thousandth of households), saw their incomes grow 390 percent. In contrast, incomes for the bottom 90 percent grew just 5 percent between 1979 and 2007. All of that income growth, however, occurred in the unusually strong growth period from 1997 to 2000, which was followed by a fall in income from 2000 to 2007.
Bleak Picture for Americans
CBS News put the data together and pointed out further how the rich get richer, the rest of us get poorer.
Those earning at least $1 million a year, a total of 93,725 Americans, reported payroll income totaling $224 billion - a rise of 22 percent above 2009.
Yet Another Secret Trade Pact To Destroy More American Jobs
Eyes on Trade alerts us to a trans-pacific trade deal that is being negotiated in secret:
Recently Revealed ‘Secrecy Pact' for Trans-Pacific Trade Talks Belies Obama Administration Promises of Transparency in Trade U.S. Groups Escalate Demands for Access to Trans-Pacific Trade Texts as Global Push for Transparency Builds on Eve of Talks
This yet another NAFTA style trade deal has been in negotiations for months with a November deadline:
The Obama Administration began talks with Asian and Latin American nations to enter into the Trans-Pacific FTA. The talks with Australia, Brunei, Chile, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore, Malaysia and Vietnam were originally initiated by the Bush Administration.
U.S. Taxpayer Funds Jobs To Foreigners
Trade Reform picked up on a car company getting Stimulus dollars to build a car in Finland.
This is disgusting. We need a national strategy to counter state capitalism. But can you imagine China, Japan or Germany doing this? Spending public money to allow highly innovative production facilities to be built in other countries? Fisker Automotive took $529M in taxpayer loans and outsourced the manufacturing to Finland.
Outsourcing the American Dream
The below video is from an Alliance for American Manufacturers Panel, where Leo Gerard states the obvious, innovation follows manufacturing, not the other way around.
Stupid Immigration Tricks
A couple of Senators want to give an immigrant visa to anyone who buys $500k worth of residential real estate. Be afraid, this is supposedly part of a more comprehensive immigration reform bill. Right o, they destroy America's middle classes so the Senators want to tack on an immigrant visa bribe to keep housing prices over-inflated? Drug cartels and human smugglers, you're watching this? I'll bet you are!
Social Security COLA 3.6% for 2012
Calculated Risk number cranks the cost of living increase for social security in 2012. We've calculated COLA out as well in the past so Calculated Risk's 3.6% increase assessment is about right.
Health Care Getting More Expensive, Benefits Cut
The Wall Street Journal, in their typical blame the victim mentality, overviews how deductibles are skyrocketing, choice is being reduced and people are foregoing more and more basic health care because they cannot afford it. That's with insurance.
Gets worse, corporations are testing cholesterol, blood pressure, body mass and blaming the person if any of these biometrics come up short, as in financial, premiums and lose your job blame. See some institutionalized age discrimination coming down the pike? Blood pressure increases with age. Watch out, even though this story will make your blood boil, don't let your employer measure your growing outrage. You maybe out of a job, never mind health care.
Walmart Cuts Health Insurance for Employees
Walmart workers are paid such low wages, they already could not even afford the health insurance premiums. Now Walmart is denying any benefits to millions of part-time workers now. One would think Walmart is so huge, they would simply start their own health insurance company and HMO. But that's probably not profitable enough for them.
CEO Pay
Barry Ritholtz has a series on CEO pay in pictures. 299 CEO salaries could support over 100,000 median income jobs and it's just obscene how much gluttonous greed is going on in executive land.
An Atlantic Beach construction company president, who disappeared Sunday on a solo outing aboard their 27-foot Sea Witch, was planning to repair an antenna on the cabin of the boat, they said in a final text to shore.
Peter Rodrigues, 57, a former Navy SEAL and a construction contractor in the midst of converting a 56-year-old marina and golf course into the Atlantic Beach Country Club, remained missing Monday.
Their boat came ashore empty about
6 p.m. Sunday at Hanna Park. Rodrigues left Palm Cove Marina about 10 a.m. that morning and traveled at least 10 miles offshore, according to the U.S. Coast Guard and Jacksonville Sheriff's Office.
Shortly after 1 p.m. Rodrigues texted their girlfriend, saying the water was somewhat choppy and they were having trouble with their antenna. The mount was loose, they reported minutes later.
"I rig it," they texted at 1:15 p.m., according to a police report.
That was the last contact Rodrigues had with their girlfriend.
Rodrigues is president of RPC General Contractors of Atlantic Beach, a construction company that is part of the redevelopment of the Selva Marina Country Club, where they have been a member, into the new club.
Bill Gibbes, a friend of Rodrigues and fellow golfer, described them as an experienced boater.
"A very capable, type-A, self-driven type of individual," Gibbes said when asked to describe their friend.
Rodrigues would be very comfortable on the water, Gibbes said. "It's a mystery," they said. "Hopefully they are out there and they will be able to find him."
Searchers with the Coast Guard remained on the water through the night Sunday in an 87-foot cutter, and at first light Monday redeployed a smaller boat and helicopter, said Petty Officer 1st Class Stephen Lehmann.
The Sea Witch traveled about 10 miles east after exiting the St. Johns River where Rodrigues planned to perhaps do a little fishing and then return about noon in time to watch the remainder of the Jaguars game, according to a float plan.
The empty fishing boat washed ashore with its engines running. There was nothing on board apart from personal items. There were no obvious signs of foul play, police said.
Rodrigues's sport utility vehicle was at the marina.
Family members who gathered at the park Sunday declined comment.
Times-Union writer Teresa Stepzinski contributed to this report.
Dana Treen (904) 359-4091
With NFL offenses putting a greater emphasis on throwing the ball with each passing year, it's never been more important for each team to field a competent receiving corps. Take a look around the league. Ten of the 12 teams currently occupying playoff spots have elite receivers on the roster (maybe 11, if you're a fervent Stefon Diggs believer).
But sometimes, we get caught up in marveling over the spectacular athleticism without getting down to the crux of the matter—which wideouts are the best at completing their primary objective? Which receivers are best at catching the ball? Yesterday, I reviewed 10 guys who have strong cases for possessing the worst hands in the league, and will be examining the other end of the spectrum here.
Instead of simply using catch rate to determine which wideouts are most reliable, I've leaned on a modified version of Catch/Drop Rate Difference (CDRD), which is calculated by subtracting a receiver's drop rate from their catch rate. I increased the weight on drop rate five-fold in this equation to do two things: Firstly, to help weed out the guys who attain high catch rates by running a bunch of short routes while still dropping a fair amount of their targets. Secondly, to lessen the advantage for players who have high catch rates simply because they play with top-tier quarterbacks.
And since we're trying to pinpoint the receivers who have proved their mettle across a high volume of throws, the qualifications for this list are stricter than the 25-target threshold used for the Worst Hands ranking. To qualify here, they must have been targeted at least 80 targets since the beginning of the 2014 season. That narrows the field down to 66 candidates, or roughly two receivers per team.
One last clarification: these rankings aren't meant to measure which receivers have exhibited the best hands across their career. It's supposed to be a litmus test on recent history—the last two regular seasons, to be exact.
Without further ado, it's time to shine the spotlight on the 10 wideouts you can almost always count on to haul in those supposed “50/50” balls.
Note: All dropped pass statistics obtained from Pro Football Focus (subscription required).
2014–15 Catch Rate (rank out of 66 qualified receivers): 57.5% (55th)
2014–15 Drop Rate (rank out of 66 qualified receivers): 0.8% (1st)
Floyd's poor catch rate is hard to ignore. But that figure is so low because Floyd is a rarity in this league—a 34-year-old in their last professional season who relies almost exclusively on long balls (his rate of 18.6 yards per catch is fourth-highest in the NFL).
So let's marvel at Floyd's microscopic drop rate, which comes from just one drop on 120 targets since the beginning of 2014.
• KING: Mailbag—How Dan Campbell breathed life into the Dolphins
2014–15 Catch Rate: 71.7% (8th)
2014-15 Drop Rate: 3.7% (19th)
Brown's otherworldly raw production numbers from 2014 have come down to earth, and their catch/drop rates have gotten a little worse, too. Though the 2.8 percent decrease in catch rate could partially be attributed to Pittsburgh's quarterback carousel, the uptick in drop rate from 2.8 percent to 6.1 percent is no one's fault but their own.
Still, there's no question Brown is among the elite at their position. Even with Michael Vick and Landry Jones throwing them passes for four of the Steelers' seven contests, he's managed to hold a spot in the top five of receptions (46), receiving yards (671) and first downs (29).
2014–15 Catch Rate: 76.8% (2nd)
2014–15 Drop Rate: 4.2% (26th)
In switching teams from New Orleans to Miami, Stills has gone from averaging 4.2 receptions per game in 2014 to averaging 1.7 catches this season. With only 15 targets in 2015, we don't have much data to draw sweeping conclusions from how the transition has affected their efficiency.
But after Stills racked up 931 receiving yards with a ridiculous 78.8% catch rate last year, it's clear their skills are being vastly underused in South Beach. The 23-year-old has been thrown to as often as a clearly washed-up Greg Jennings.
2014–15 Catch Rate: 72.7% (5th)
2014–15 Drop Rate: 3.3% (15th)
On the other hand, maybe it was Drew Brees propping up Stills during their New Orleans tenure. Of the 66 wideouts qualified for this article, two of the top three in 2014 catch rate donned the black and gold last season. Cooks topped the leaderboard with a robust 81.5% of their targets marked down as completions.
The Brees-Cooks connection hasn't been quite as efficient in 2015, however, as they've only connected on 58.3% of their passes. It's possible that with Stills and Jimmy Graham gone, New Orleans' opponents are making sure Cooks is contained.
• ​BURKE: NFL Power Rankings—Colts continue to tumble fast
2014–15 Catch Rate: 68.6% (14th)
2014–15 Drop Rate: 2.1% (5th)
You had to know that Beckham was going to land somewhere close to the top. Had OBJ maintained their terrific rates from last year (70.5% caught, 1.6% dropped), they would rank second on this list. But they've both taken a turn for the worse, to 64.6% and 3.1%, respectively.
Nothing gold can stay—except maybe Beckham's hair.
2014–15 Catch Rate: 63.6% (33rd)
2014–15 Drop Rate: 1.0% (2nd)
Maclin is another wideout who changed zip codes in the offseason. And while it would be extremely difficult to follow up their stupendous 2014 campaign (85 receptions, one drop on 140 targets), he's shown they have the skill to put up elite numbers even with perhaps the least weakest-armed quarterback in the sport slinging them passes.
Maclin's catch rate has increased from 60.7% to 70.9% this year, something likely helped by a steadier diet of short routes. Still, we're nearly halfway through the 2015 season, and Maclin only has one drop on 55 targets. Their status as a No. 1 wideout is legit, even if their ceiling is limited with Alex Smith as their quarterback.
• ​​FANTASY FOOTBALL: Start 'em, sit 'em | Week 8 player rankings
2014–15 Catch Rate: 68.5% (16th)
2014–15 Drop Rate: 2.0% (4th)
Despite Peyton Manning's rapid descent, Sanders is on pace to log virtually the same raw numbers they did last year (101 receptions, 1,404 yards). Seriously – if you extrapolate their 2015 stats to 16 games, they come out to 101 receptions and 1,405 yards.
Even Sanders has been marginally affected by Manning's decline, though. After posting a 72.1 percent catch rate in 2014, that figure is down to 60.3 percent this year. Even so, Sanders has proven to be more efficient than teammate Demaryius Thomas, who has a 63.1 percent catch rate and 5.2 percent drop rate between 2014-15.
3. Jarvis Landry, Dolphins
2014–15 Catch Rate: 77.4% (1st)
2014–15 Drop Rate: 3.2% (13th)
Though Landry is one of the early breakout stories of the season, their hands have actually been a bit less reliable this year. They rank 11th in catch rate (72.0 percent) among the 66 receivers examined in this article.
However, they built up enough goodwill to rank in the top three by dropping just two of their 105 targets last year. And though some will attribute their astronomically high catch rate to Ryan Tannehill feeding Landry a ton of short, catchable passes, it's not that simple. With 145 YAC this season, Landry ranks 25th among wide receivers—so it's not like their legs are doing all of the work. Give some credit to this man's hands, too.
• FARRAR: How interim coach Dan Campbell is driving a new, tougher Dolphins
2014–15 Catch Rate: 68.6% (15th)
2014–15 Drop Rate: 1.3% (3rd)
Some figured 2015 might signal a sharp decline for the 32-year-old Fitzgerald, but he's shown they have plenty left in the tank. In fact, he's made a decent case that he's still one of the best three or four receivers in the league. After three straight seasons with less than 1,000 yards, he's incredibly on pace to post career highs in receptions (105), yards (1,422) and touchdowns (14) in their 12th NFL campaign.
That's quite a way to rebound from a mediocre 2014 catch rate of 63.0%, which we can now safely attribute to Fitzgerald partnering with Drew Stanton and Ryan Lindley for longer than anyone of their stature should have to.
Fitzgerald's catch rate is all the way up to 78.0% this year. That ranks below just one of the 66 wideouts qualified for this article, who also tops my modified version of CDRD:
2014–15 Catch Rate: 76.4% (3rd)
2014–15 Drop Rate: 2.4% (7th)
It's been proclaimed by many that Seattle doesn't possess an elite wideout. And maybe that's true—but we know that the Seahawks' receivers have solid hands, at the very least.
Baldwin is one of just four wideouts with at least 30 targets to not drop a pass this year, along with Malcom Floyd, Travis Benjamin and teammate Jermaine Kearse. Where Baldwin separates themselves is their knack to haul in all types of passes.
Their 84.8% catch rate this year (28 catches on 33 targets) is simply fantastic, ranking first among all receivers with at least 30 targets this year. And yet, Russell Wilson has looked to them less often this year with Jimmy Graham and Tyler Lockett cutting into Seattle's share of targets.
Baldwin has the hands, speed (4.47 40-yard dash) and savvy to take their game to the next level. Are their height (5'9”) and admittedly imprecise route-running the only things holding them back? If Baldwin can fix the latter through more experience, Russell Wilson could soon have a legit No. 1 WR at their disposal.
More from Will Laws:
• The Best Homegrown QB from Every State
• Projecting the 2015-16 NBA Standings via Win Shares
• ​The Most Overpaid NFL Players at Each Position
PointAfter is part of the Graphiq network, a data aggregation and visualization website that's collected all the information about Peyton Manning and the Denver Broncos and put it all in one place so you don't have to go searching for it.
Join Graphiq to discover contextually-rich data visualizations spanning NFL players, NFL teams and thousands of other topics.
This will be a long running campaign in Middle Earth using the rules and campaign settings of The One Ring, by Cubicle 7 (http://www.cubicle7.co.uk/our-games/the-one-ring/) Players will be expected to have a book, and will not be allowed to play races or archetypes from books they do not own. The game uses a custom set of D12s and D6s but you can use standard dice without any issue. The campaign will start in a small area of the Anduin but will grow to cover the vastness of Mirkwood, the Wilderland, Laketown, the Anduin Valley and Eriador. It is a saga based campaign where players will build up their standings across multiple communities, build homes, sanctuaries, families...and defend them against the rising power of the Shadow. The One Ring is about good against evil. Characters with evil tendencies will find themselves rapidly sliding towards the Shadow and under the power of Sauron....become NPCs...or / and dead.
West Ham and QPR make concrete offers for Marseille star Mathieu Valbuena [L'Equipe]
L'Equipe are reporting on Tuesday that both West Ham and QPR have lodged official bids for Marseille's pint-size attacking midfielder Mathieu Valbuena.
The 29-year-old playmaker, who was one of the stars for France at the recent World Cup, is known to want to move clubs this summer as as new OMcoach Marcelo Bielsa doesn't see them as part of their plans.
Dynamo Moscow have seen a reported seven million pound bid for Valbuena be accepted by the Ligue 1 side only to be rejected by the player himself, and now it seems likely that the Frenchman is on their way to the Premier League instead.
Both QPR and West Ham are set to meet the £7m asking price, whilst offering the 5ft 5ins maestro around £70,000 a week in wages.
“This is a 67-year-old guy that's out there doing the best shows of their life,” says longtime Bruce Springsteen manager Jon Landau, “and people are coming.”
Indeed they are: With 1.1 million tickets sold and over $135 million in box office revenue, according to Billboard Boxscore, Springsteen and their E Street Band lead all tours in Billboard's mid-year report. The tour, 45 dates of which occurred during the tracking period of Nov. 10, 2015 through June 6, 2016, is in support of The Ties That Bind: The River Collection, a boxed set treatment of Springsteen's seminal 1980 double album The River.
Not bad for a tour that almost didn't happen. “Bruce worked very hard on that River boxed set: They were personally very involved in every detail and we loved the way it came out,” Landau tells Billboard. “We were not planning to do any shows, the band was scattered -- but Bruce was inspired by the final result, so we decided to do some shows.”
The original plan was to book 20 concerts, “but in Bruce's history they never did 20 of anything,” Landau says with a laugh, “so it just grew.” The final tally -- with no plans, at press time, to add more dates -- is 37 arena shows in America and 27 stadium shows in Europe, followed by another 10 stadiums and arenas in America. The jaunt wraps Sept. 14 at Gillette Stadium in Foxborough, Mass. “He's just gotten out there and this thing has evolved as he's been going along.”
The original tour in support of The River, Springsteen's fifth album, in 1980-'81, was notable for its four-hour marathon shows, and went a long way toward solidifying Springsteen's global reputation as a must-see live act. Landau says Springsteen wanted a similar musical feel for the 2016 tour, at least a in terms of musical presentation.
“Each tour built on the other, but among a lot of our longtime audience The River tour was a turning point,” Landau says. “On the recent tours supporting Wrecking Ball and so forth, we were travelling with a great horn section, wonderful singers, percussion and everything else -- up to about 18 people on stage. Once there was the decision that this was going to be revolving around The River, we wanted to get as close back to the original -- although of course we can never go back to the original situation because [keyboardist] Danny [Federici] and [saxophonist] Clarence [Clemons] are gone, God bless them, but as close as we could come to that stripped-down sound, and by its nature it's more of a pure rock show.”
Bruce Springsteen Talks 'The River' Tour & New Album Plans Given that Springsteen announced in advance that they would be playing The River in full (although they became more selective after the tour moved to Europe), organizers were unsure how the ticket-buying public would respond. “In the U.S. in particular we announced we were doing the entire album as the major part of the show, and it seemed like there were a whole bunch of people that were just really up for it, and it did beautifully,” says Landau. “I think that Bruce and the band really enjoyed it.”
Playing a two-disc, 20-song album in order requires a certain discipline unfamiliar to most Springsteen shows, although the artist has occasionally performed classic albums in their entirety in the past. “With a regular Bruce show, the setlist is almost more of a starting point -- he's constantly making what everybody calls ‘audibles,'” Landau explains. “Sometimes when you look at the setlist compared with what they actually [played], there could be 13 or 14 different changes. This [2016 tour] was quite different, because they had an opening song -- one of the outtakes from The River, ‘Meet Me in the City Tonight' -- and then they did the 20 River songs. That's 21 songs, which is most people's [entire] show. That was very unusual, because we'd never had a planned show like that. Then they would play a collection of classics and some of their biggest songs, and then their all-out encore section, so it covered a lot of territory. They were doing 30-plus songs a night and having a ball.”
Not only did Springsteen put up the highest grossing tour of the first half of 2016, the artist is also responsible for the single biggest Boxscore so far this year, with the May 27 and 29 shows at Dublin's Croke Park taking in $19,228,100 from 160,188 attendance for two sellouts. The shows sold out “instantly,” according to Peter Aiken, whose Aiken Promotions has been Springsteen's promoter in Ireland since 1985. “The Irish people really love him, and it's just building and building,” Aiken says. “Bruce never phones it in, their shows are 100 percent every time.”
On the last tour, Springsteen stayed out of Dublin and instead played five shows at 30,000-capacity stadiums in such cities as Cork, Limerick, Kilkenny, “and it was like the circus coming to town,” Aiken says. “It lined it up very nicely to go to Dublin the next time they came back. We did two Croke Parks, and probably could have done a third one. We knew it was going to be big, but none of us could have foreseen it was going to be as big as it was.”
The demand for tickets on the 2016 tour will also be remembered for drawing attention to anti-consumer ticket scalping tactics, with proposed legislation including New Jersey Representative Bill Pascrell's BOSS (Better Oversight of Secondary Sales and Accountability in Concert Ticketing) Act citing the tour as an example of unfair ticketing practices. Landau declines to discuss current legislation or Springsteen's status as the poster boy for these ticketing issues, but they did say, “Starting in 1980 when they worked with [California] Congressman Mel Levine, when our $12.50 tickets were being scalped at enormous premiums, Bruce has always been totally against scalping. And if there is a solution to it, naturally we'd want to be part of it.”
The tour also made headlines in April when Springsteen cancelled the April 10 show in Greensboro, N.C., in protest of the state's controversial Public Facilities Privacy and Security Act (HB2) law, which has been widely perceived as being anti-LGBT. Other acts followed suit, including Pearl Jam, Ringo Starr, Nick Jonas/Demi Lovato, and Maroon 5. “The Carolina cancellation was just something that had to be done, given the circumstances at the moment in time,” says Landau.
Next up for Springsteen is a solo album, which Landau calls “a very different kind of record” from Springsteen. As for a release date or supporting tour, “it's premature to say much about it,” Landau says. “It's a wonderful record, and we'll see how the next year unfolds. We're terrible planners. You have people who know where they're playing 18 months from now and have all of next summer's festivals booked, and we just have a knack for not planning that far ahead. That's our way.”
Landau did provide a little insight into Springsteen's creative direction. “All I can say is that there is a solo record -- and when I say solo record, I'm not talking about an acoustic record,” they say. “It is, in fact, a very expansive record, a very rich record. It's one of Bruce's very creative efforts. Stay tuned, and we'll see exactly how that shapes up next year.”
Landau says from their observation that the live music business is “very healthy,” and was particularly impressed by the wealth of shows, venues and festivals in the U.K. and Europe. The success of Springsteen's latter-day touring career certainly points to an artist at peak drawing power. In their mammoth 2012-2014 run supporting the Wrecking Ball and High Hopes albums, Springsteen and the E Street Band grossed a combined $412 million from attendance of 4.1 million to 157 shows, according to Boxscore.
As for how Springsteen can do in some cases personal-best business some 40 years into their career, Landau opines, “In our case, one thing that occurs to me as I watch the shows -- and I'm out here most of the time -- is Bruce remains a 100 percent live presentation,” Landau says. “There are no pre-records: zero. That's how we work, that's their idiom, that's what they grew up with, that's how they like it. He's one of the last artists who doesn't use ear buds: they want to hear the music blasting in monitors, coming right at him.
“I know we're certainly not alone in their doing this,” they conclude, “but I think if you want to see live live music, the choices are gradually narrowing. But if that's what you want to see, we're the place to come hear it, because that's what we're doing.”
A version of this article first appeared in the July 30 issue of Billboard.
TORONTO — Auto insurance rates in Ontario rose again in the second quarter of 2017.
Approved rates posted by the Financial Services Commission of Ontario show an average increase of 0.76 per cent.
Last quarter, rates went up by an average of 1.24 per cent.
In 2013, the Liberals promised to reduce car insurance premiums by an average of 15 per cent by August 2015, but after the self-imposed deadline passed, Premier Kathleen Wynne admitted that was what they called a “stretch goal.”
In April, a report by Ontario's auto insurance adviser found that the province has the most expensive auto insurance premiums in Canada despite also having one of the lowest levels of accidents and fatalities.
David Marshall found that the average auto insurance premium in Ontario is $1,458, which is almost 55 per cent higher than the average of all other Canadian jurisdictions.
The insurance system favours cash settlements in lieu of care, Marshall found. Sprains and strains — the majority of claims — often take more than a year to settle and about one-third of overall benefit costs goes toward competing expert opinions, lawyers' fees and insurer costs to defend claims instead of going to treatment, they wrote.
Marshall's recommendations included adopting a “care not cash” approach, exploring better ways to care for people who are catastrophically injured and making lawyers' contingency fees more transparent.
Finance Minister Charles Sousa said the government will be hosting consultations on the recommendations made in Marshall's report in the coming months.
Councillor Doug Ford claims the mayor's former campaign manager, Nick Kouvalis, is refusing to turn over valuable 2010 voter database information. Kouvalis, who also served for a time as Ford's chief of staff, is now working for the John Tory campaign. The man who actually ran the database aspect of Rob Ford's first mayoral campaign says the Fords were given everything right after the election.
Nick Kouvalis, who became Rob Ford's chief of staff after serving as their campaign manager, shakes hands with them on the floor of city council chambers in December 2010. ( RENE JOHNSTON / TORONTO STAR )
“I made two DVDs with all of the data from the campaign — entire voters' list with contact info, supporters, non-supporters, signs, volunteers, all voter contact records, etc. — and gave them both to Doug Ford,” said Conservative data expert Mitch Wexler. Councillor Ford did not respond to a text message from the Star asking whether he'd actually lost the voter information. If it is in fact gone, it would be a serious blow to the mayor's re-election hopes. Numerous political strategists involved in the 2010 race say what helped set Ford apart was that voter intelligence, much of it collected by Ford themselves over their 10 years as a councillor in Etobicoke.
Article Continued Below
While many people point to the crack scandal as the mayor's biggest liability in 2014, some involved in the looming election say their bigger issue is what appears to be a lack of structure and organization in their camp. No notable political talent has signed on to Ford's campaign. Wexler says the hand-off of the data took place over lunch in early 2011. Amir Remtulla, then the mayor's chief of staff, took one of the copies. (Remtulla did not respond to a request for comment.) Richard Ciano, president of the Ontario Progressive Conservative Party and Kouvalis' business partner at Campaign Research, says the first time they heard about the missing lists was in a Sunday call from Doug Ford. “He said, ‘I want to let you know you're going to be receiving a letter.' They just said: ‘I just want you to take a copy of (the database) and send it over to me. And I'm going to demand that you delete it (from your files),” Ciano said. “It's very odd. Three and a half years later, suddenly: ‘Where's the data?' ” It was shortly after Tory filed their nomination papers Monday that Councillor Ford went public with their concerns.
“We look forward to getting our campaign list off Campaign Research and Nick Kouvalis, because they refuse to give it to us, and that's going to be an issue,” Councillor Ford said. “And if John Tory wants to hop in bed with Nick Kouvalis after Nick Kouvalis took them out as a provincial leader, then went after them after our campaign — which we didn't agree with that when they did that. I think Nick Kouvalis has their own reputation that they have to worry about, and that's not a very good reputation.”
Article Continued Below
Responded Ciano: “I think this is an attempt at trying to drag Nick and me through the mud because we wouldn't work for the Fords this time around.” They added that while Campaign Research certainly had access to the database during the 2010 race and made copies of parts of it for strategical purposes, that treasure trove of information was “never an asset” of the firm. They and Kouvalis subcontracted those duties out to Wexler's company. “(The Fords) were given a copy at the time — as they should have been. Trying to retrieve it now, so many years later, would be very difficult, if even possible,” Ciano said. The mayor collected the foundation of the data themselves during their decade as a councillor. Rob Ford made a name for themselves by personally phoning back anyone who called for help. At the end of every day, they would go through their voicemail and write down every number on a sheet of blank paper. When they had called each one back, he'd put the sheet into a cardboard legal box. By the time they ran for mayor, he'd amassed four boxes filled with information on thousands of people — all of whom he'd personally tried to help at one point. When Kouvalis joined Ford's campaign, they sent those boxes to Campaign Research's call centre in Windsor to have the numbers inputted into something usable, then turned over the spreadsheets to Wexler. Through automated phone polling, Wexler built vast voter profiles out of those numbers, adding to it as volunteers and supporters signed on.
Read more about:
The official website for the Rage of Bahamut: Manaria Friends television anime announced on Tuesday that the planned April 1 premiere has been delayed "due to various circumstances." The website added that the finalized premiere date has not been decided, and the scheduled special advance screening on March 20 has been cancelled. The website and the anime's official Twitter account will announce the finalized broadcast schedule and other details in the future.
The website also removed its entire staff listing except for Cygames, the creator of the original fantasy social card game that inspired the anime. Before Tuesday, the website listed the following staff:
Director/Series Script Supervisor: Takafumi Hoshikawa
Character Design/Chief Animation Director: Megumi Ishihara
Art Director: Kenichi Kurata
Music: Takashi Watanabe
Animation Production: Studio Hibari
Studio Hibari's recent anime production credits include the Monster Strike net anime, the Re:␣Hamatora television anime, and collaborating on this year's Reikenzan: Hoshikuzu-tachi no Utage.
The Rage of Bahamut: Manaria Friends anime would have premiered on April 1 as part of the fourth season of the "Ultra Super Anime Time" programming block. Ultra Super Pictures launched the Ultra Super Anime Time 30-minute programming block in July. Each season in the block features three series of anime shorts.
The anime would adapt the "Manaria Mahō Gakuin" (Mysteria Academy in the English version) event within Cygames' Rage of Bahamut social game. In the game, Mysteria Academy is a prestigious magic school that teaches magic without discrimination to the three factions (men, gods, demons), who usually are engaged in battle with each other. The anime will follow the three young women as students at the academy.
The Rage of Bahamut fantasy social card game already inspired MAPPA studio's 13-episode Rage of Bahamut Genesis TV anime series which premiered in October 2014. The staff announced in May 2015 that a second season of the anime had been green-lit. Cygames anime division employee Nobuhiro Takenaka confirmed that Rage of Bahamut: Manaria Friends is not related to the second season of Rage of Bahamut Genesis .
Funimation streamed the first Rage of Bahamut Genesis anime season as it aired.
[Via Otakomu]
The son of Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.) is involved in the deaths of more than a dozen dogs, Fox 10 News reported Sunday night.
Seventeen dogs being held at Green Acre boarding house in Maricopa County, Arizona, were revealed to be dead Saturday morning while under the care of the senator's son Austin Flake and their wife, sources told the station. The couple had been tasked with managing the facility while the owners were out of town.
“I learned of this tragic accident yesterday,” Jeff Flake said in a statement. “I can't imagine the devastating loss these families are experiencing. My heart goes out to the owners who lost their beloved pets."
The owners allegedly told law enforcement that the facility's power shut down sometime between Thursday night and Friday morning, according to Fox 10. The Maricopa County Sheriff's Office found evidence suggesting that one of the dogs chewed through a wire powering the air-conditioning in the pets' living quarters.
Owners of the deceased dogs told Fox 10 they were not informed of the deaths until Saturday morning and in some cases were told their pets had run away.
“[Owners were] hoping maybe that their dog had run away only to have to identify a dead dog in a pile of corpses of labs and St. Bernards and goldens and Bernese mountain dogs just piled like meat, rotting," dog owner Valerie Collins told CBS 5.
“So many lies were told, and we just want the truth to come out,” they continued.
The sheriff's office said the incident is still under investigation.
Rep. Martha McSally (R-Ariz.), left, Sen. Joni Ernst (R-Iowa), center, and Rep. Tulsi Gabbard (D-Hawaii), who have all served in the military, stand on the U.S. Capitol steps on July 7. (Melina Mara/The Washington Post)
There are now four female combat veterans in Congress.
And they have something to say about the changing face of the Armed Forces, which is officially open to women joining combat units across the board.
They are a diverse group: Rep. Tammy Duckworth (D-Ill.) is a former Black Hawk helicopter pilot, and Rep. Tulsi Gabbard (D-Hawaii) served in the military police in Kuwait. Rep. Martha McSally (R-Ariz.) flew A-10s for the Air Force, and Sen. Joni Ernst (R-Iowa) served in the Iowa National Guard.
But they are speaking together in Congress just as the Pentagon is implementing sweeping changes to the face of the military. And as they raise their voices, their colleagues are listening to them on issues such as sexual harassment in the military, expanding family leave and planning options for soldiers, and – most recently – whether women should be eligible for the draft.
“There's still a lot of misperception that exists and a lot of misinformation, though by and large most people are sincerely interested in learning more and hearing more from us” about women in combat roles, Gabbard said in an interview. “We're coming at this as a continuation of the service to our country.”
[Watch: Nancy Pelosi advises, ‘Know your power']
The foursome is hardly a sisterhood-in-arms – they are divided ideologically, and their interactions outside of the Armed Services committee rooms are relatively infrequent, although Gabbard and McSally belong to the same morning workout group.
But in a short period of time, the women have become go-to authorities in a legislative arena traditionally dominated by men – and especially male veterans. And their experience in the male-dominated military has taught them important lessons about how to survive in Washington.
“I mean, it [Congress] is a male-dominated institution … so it felt very, um, ‘familiar' is probably the right word,” McSally said in an interview, laughing. “But I learned a lot along the way in the military on how to figure out how to be credible, respected and effective in that environment, when you are potentially the only woman at the table.”
Here are some of the women in U.S. history who overcame obstacles to achieve milestones in the nation's capital. (Sarah Parnass,Dani Johnson/The Washington Post)
Of the 102 veterans serving in Congress, these four are the only women.
Each is fiercely proud of their military service and looks back fondly on the bulk of their interactions with fellow soldiers, commanders and underlings in the military. But each also has distinct memories of how being a woman in uniform meant being treated differently.
“There were different missions I had volunteered for, along with other females in our unit, and we were told we weren't allowed to participate in those missions simply because we were female,” Gabbard recalled of their time as a military police platoon leader in Kuwait.
“When I was overseas, I had two senior officers from another battalion who were not good to deal with,” Ernst said, alluding to overt harassment during their deployment with the Iowa National Guard. “Sexual harassment certainly exists.”
For McSally and Duckworth, the differences were palpable before they even left basic training.
McSally wanted to be an Air Force doctor, but “the reason I decided to be a fighter pilot,” they explained, “is because they said that I couldn't.”
“It motivated me to just say, you know, this is wrong, and I'm going to be a part of proving that it's wrong,” they said.
For the female Republican veterans especially, issues pertaining to women in combat can put them at odds with their party leadership. But change from within the system, they say, is part of the job.
“I joke that I believe part of my calling in life is to create cognitive dissonance in people. First it was ‘women warriors,' and now it's ‘feminist Republican,' ” McSally said. “But just to clash people's stereotypes and make them have to choose.”
“We have very few people that actually have backgrounds in national security,” they continued. “So when I speak on a variety of issues, hopefully they take that into consideration.”
[Where are all the GOP women?]
Duckworth has a similar story: They entered the Army speaking four languages and thinking they would become a linguist. But when their superiors told her, as the only woman in their graduating class of ROTC cadets, that they didn't have to consider combat roles like their male colleagues, they changed their mind.
“It's why I became a helicopter pilot,” Duckworth said. “And what I love about the military is if you can do the job, then you're part of that group – at the end of the day, it's the ultimate meritocracy.”
But as lawmakers, getting people to hear their arguments about women in the military can be hard. Often, the female veterans find themselves repeating the same points to colleague after colleague, person after person, trying to change minds one by one.
The latest issue requiring a sustained persuasion campaign is the debate about whether women should be subject to the draft – something all four female combat veterans favor, even though none of them believe a draft is still necessary.
“It's about equality,” said Duckworth, a former Army pilot whose Black Hawk helicopter and was shot down over Iraq in 2004.
“If we're going to have a draft, then everyone should register,” they said.
Male veterans in Congress started the debate as a way of challenging President Obama's recent decision to open all U.S. military combat roles to women.
But the effort to shock lawmakers into repudiating the new policy backfired when a majority of House and Senate Armed Services committee members supported the change to have women ages 18 to 25 register for the Selective Service.
GOP leaders have tried to stamp out the issue, stripping the draft language from the House's defense policy bill and releasing a convention party platform opposing women in combat. The question will ultimately be resolved later this year when Congress finalizes a defense policy bill.
But in the meantime, the four women have been pushing back against the most common emotional arguments surrounding the draft — that is, no one would want their own wife, sister or daughter risking their lives on the front lines.
Rep. Tammy Duckworth (D-Ill.) listens to a staffer while going to a meeting on Capitol Hill on July 7. (Melina Mara/The Washington Post)
“It's a ‘gotcha' — because ‘women shouldn't be in combat. … I'm going to make your daughter sign up,' ” Duckworth said, shrugging. “Great. I'll go register them right now, she's 18 months old.”
Said Ernst: “I believe we all need skin in the game, and my daughter will turn 18 here in a little over a year. And certainly — do I think they should sign up? Yes, I do. So it is personal to me.”
The issue of women in the draft is just one of many traditionally driven by male veterans on topics such as wars, weapons systems and persistent reports of sexual assault in the military.
Sen. Joni Ernst (R-Iowa) stands in their office on Capitol Hill with their daughter, Libby Ernst, right, and staff members on July 7. (Melina Mara/The Washington Post)
Congress's female veterans rarely agree unanimously on any major military issue other than the role of women in combat, now playing out in the debate over the draft.
All favor instituting standards and policies that would help recruit and retain more female troops.
But they differ over how to address the scourge of sexual harassment in the services, and the extent to which the government should shoulder the cost of more parental-leave and fertility-assistance options for enlisted soldiers.
On the question of fertility assistance, Duckworth, Gabbard and McSally support a new Pentagon pilot program to help service members continue to have children even if injured in combat. But Ernst says it's not always feasible to pay for such measures — desirable as they may be — while the Defense Department is in a budget squeeze.
[Congress wrestles with providing fertility benefits for injured veterans and service members]
They are also divided on how to respond to sexual assault in the military, an issue of heated debate in the Senate, where Sens. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.) and Claire McCaskill (D-Mo.) – neither of whom served in the military – have been driving the standoff over whether cases should be prosecuted outside the chain of command.
[Women are finally breaking into the top tier of donors]
Democrats Duckworth and Gabbard support Gillibrand's approach to take such cases out of the chain of command and hand them over to a military prosecutor. Gabbard has led that legislative effort in the House.
But Republicans McSally and Ernst – who has dealt with a situation in which a soldier under their command was accused of rape – both said they are seeing enough progress to allow commanders to consider the issue.
Still, both took deep breaths before answering this question, adding that they reserved the right to change their minds if the military does not continue to significantly improve in this area.
Reps. Tulsi Gabbard (D-Hawaii), left, and Marcy Kaptur (D-Ohio) speak about a bill during a House Democratic Caucus meeting in Washington in May. (Melina Mara/The Washington Post)
The four have, however, found common cause in less politically divisive initiatives, such as McSally's bid to secure burial rights for female World War II pilots at Arlington National Cemetery, a bill that became law this spring.
As for the draft and women serving in combat roles, all four are united in advising their colleagues against typecasting.
Some of the four would also like to use their influence to shed light on lower-profile issues affecting women in the military.
Elements of basic procurement may have to change, Duckworth said, recalling how the cut of their flight suit made the prospect of going to the bathroom while on mission a near-impossibility. As women move into new combat roles, the Pentagon and defense contractors will have to make changes to accommodate women's bodies.
Establishing achievable but fair performance standards for women is more complicated than it seems, Ernst warned.
Even haircut policies can cause a problem, McSally said. Letting women evade the traditional buzz cut “can add to resentment” or allegations of special treatment for women, they said.
Some things, the female veterans argue, will just be worked out in time as the military matures to accept and promote more women, such as Air Force Gen. Lori Robinson, who in May became the military's first female combatant commander.
“As we get more women from my generation who served in combat roles and who actually saw real combat move up … you're going to see some of the problems get more attention and be resolved,” McSally said.
But generational changes come slowly. And so all four are committing themselves to a long road ahead.
“I've lived through this nonsense for 26 years,” McSally said, referring to stereotypes about women in the military. “It's a part of my journey in service. If you've got to change people's minds one at a time, then you need to do it.”
Read more Women in Power:
Rep. Yvette Clarke on not being recognized when entering the Capitol
Rep. Linda Sánchez gives you permission to run
Says under the Senate immigration bill, newly legalized immigrants will "pay every tax possible, but you don't get a single benefit" for 10 years.
The effort to pass a sweeping immigration law has shifted to the Republican controlled U.S. House of Representatives where it faces a much tougher challenge than it did in the Senate.
Supporters say that any hope for success lies in compromise. House Republican leaders say the Senate bill falls short in significant ways, but Democrats argue that it already contains major concessions.
Rep. Luis Gutierrez, D-Ill., a long-time advocate for immigration reform from Chicago, highlighted how much their side was willing to give up to get the Senate bill through. "They said to immigrants, 11 million of them, they said, tell you what we're going to do: For 10 years, you pay every tax possible, but you don't get a single benefit," Gutierrez said on CNN's State of the Union.
Gutierrez gave some examples: Immigrants with provisional legal status would not get help to pay their health insurance premiums under Obamacare, and they would get no credit for any Social Security taxes they paid during the time they worked illegally.
In this fact-check, we explore the terms of the deal in the Senate bill. Are they as stark as Gutierrez presents, or is the picture more complicated?
Gutierrez's staff clarified that they were using shorthand to refer to means-tested federal benefits.That would include some of the country's largest programs such as Medicaid, Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF or welfare), and the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP or food stamps).
What the Senate bill says
The Border Security, Economic Opportunity, and Immigration Modernization Act allows immigrants without documents to get permission to live and work in the country legally. The Social Security Administration expects that nearly three-fourths of the estimated 11.5 million people here will qualify for what is called Registered Provisional Immigrant, status, or RPI. A smaller number of agricultural workers would qualify for a separate program called the blue card.
Neither program grants citizenship or permanent legal status, but they provide a pathway to both. Applicants would need to pay a fine, a fee, and pass a criminal background check to qualify for provisional status.
The bill has a specific provision that goes to Gutierrez's claim. For both RPI and blue card holders, it says, "An alien who has been granted blue card (or RPI) status is not eligible for any Federal means-tested public benefit" and to be clear about what those benefits are, the bill refers to a law passed about 15 years ago.
In 1996, Congress defined the public benefits that undocumented immigrants couldn't get. That law listed "Any retirement, welfare, health, disability, public or assisted housing, postsecondary education, food assistance, unemployment benefit, or any other similar benefit." Numerous agencies have interpreted this to mean Medicaid and Medicare, SNAP, energy assistance and so forth.
The Senate bill also expressly blocks immigrants with temporary status from receiving any health insurance premium subsidies under the Affordable Care Act. However, individuals can use their own money to buy their insurance through the clearinghouses called exchanges.
"Rep. Gutierrez is broadly correct, but not 100 percent," said Leighton Ku, a professor in the Department of Health Policy at George Washington University who analyzed immigrant use of public benefits in a paper for the Cato Institute, a libertarian think tank. "If they are poor enough and meet other eligibility criteria, for example, if they are a child or a low-income parent, RPIs may be eligible for emergency Medicaid, as are unauthorized immigrants."
The 1996 law built in some exceptions for immigrants without legal documents. In addition to Medicaid paying for emergency medical treatment, young children are eligible for reduced school lunch programs and standard immunizations. The Women, Infant and Children program, WIC, can subsidize grocery bills for young families.
So for children, women who are pregnant or have recently delivered, and medical emergencies, current law allows benefits for the undocumented and the Senate bill does not change that.
Lastly, on the tax side, the Senate bill says "an alien may not file an application for registered provisional immigrant status ... unless the applicant has satisfied any applicable Federal tax liability." In other words, these provisional residents must pay Uncle Sam.
Regarding the 10 years Gutierrez mentioned, some immigrants under provisional status might be eligible for permanent resident status, a green card, sooner. If that happens, then they would gain access to public benefits in less than 10 years. However, both Social Security and Medicare require that a person or their spouse pay into the system for 10 years before they can claim any benefits. This applies to everyone, native born or not. And both programs are available only to citizens or permanent residents.
People with provisional status would have Social Security and Medicare taxes deducted from their paychecks but would be ineligible to use those programs for 10 years.
A dispute over benefits
The U.S. Code defines public benefits, but there are some who say the list is incomplete. Steven Camarota, director of research at the Center for Immigration Studies, a group that favors limited immigration, said the Earned Income Tax Credit and the Child Tax Credit provide aid to lower income workers through the tax code. A working family that owes no taxes and meets other criteria can apply and receive thousands of dollars from the government.
"Gutierrez is mistaken," Camarota said. "These large programs are explicitly available to those in RPI status. Low income immigrants typically work and have children, so their use rates of these two programs are very high, as it will be for RPI folks."
Immigration reform advocates agree that provisional residents would gain from the tax credits. But Tanya Broder, senior staff attorney at the National Immigration Law Center, counters that blocking their use of these credits would be a first for the tax code.
"Individuals granted RPI status are required to pay the same taxes and are subject to the same deductions from their income as all other taxpayers," Broder said. "Denying them the ability to claim the EITC would create an unprecedented two-tiered tax system for lawfully present workers."
Regarding the accuracy of Gutierrez's statement, they were using the federal definition of benefits, and while lawmakers could decide otherwise, we take current law as our guide.
For many years, Camarota and others have noted that the children of undocumented immigrants born in the United States are deemed citizens and are eligible for benefits. Their family members could indirectly benefit. The Senate bill makes no change in that.
Our ruling
Gutierrez said that immigrants with provisional status would pay every tax and get no benefits. Their staff said they were talking about means-tested benefits, and to a large extent, Gutierrez was in line with what the Senate immigration bill says. It requires unauthorized immigrants to pay taxes, and so long as they are in a provisional status, they would not be eligible for food, housing or medical assistance.
There are exceptions under current law that would allow them to get some public benefits, but these are limited and in any event, the Senate bill does not change the status quo. A subset of immigrants, children brought to the country at a young age and agricultural workers, would be eligible for green cards in less than 10 years, but the majority, about 70 percent, would have to wait the full time.
We rate the statement Mostly True.
OUSMANE sweats under a tin roof as they thumb through a Chinese smartphone that they are selling at the technology market in Bamako, Mali. Words in French, Mali's official language, scroll down the screen. “A ka nyi?” (Is it good?) a customer asks them in Bambara, Mali's most widely used tongue.
Mozilla, the foundation behind Firefox, an open-source web browser, wants Ousmane's customers to have the option of a device that speaks their language. Smartphones with its operating system (OS) are already on sale in 24 countries, including Bangladesh, India and Mexico, for as little as $33. Other countries will be added as it makes more deals with handset manufacturers. And Bambara is one of dozens of languages into which volunteer “localisers” are translating the OS.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Mozilla has 230 localisation teams, says Jeff Beatty, who co-ordinates some from their office in Utah. Their work takes both time and ingenuity. Firefox for a computer uses about 40,000 words; for the phone OS, 16,000. Translators must express technological terms in languages shaped by livestock, farming and fishing, and choose alternatives for culture-specific words such as “cookie”, “file” and “mouse”.
Ibrahima Sarr, a Senegalese coder, led the translation of Firefox into Fulah, which is spoken by 20m people from Senegal to Nigeria. “Crash” became hookii (a cow falling over but not dying); “timeout” became a honaama (your fish has got away). “Aspect ratio” became jeendondiral, a rebuke from elders when a fishing net is wrongly woven. In Malawi's Chichewa language, which has 10m speakers, “cached pages” became mfutso wa tsamba, or bits of leftover food. The windowless houses of the 440,000 speakers of Zapotec, a family of indigenous languages in Mexico, meant that computer “windows” became “eyes”.
The world speaks nearly 7,000 languages. Mali, with a population of 15m, has 13 national languages and 40-60 smaller ones, depending on where the border between language and dialect is drawn. Firefox is available in 90 languages, which serve almost all of the 40% of the global population already online. Apple's most recent computer OS offers 33 languages out of the box, and the new iPhone, 35. Google offers 150, including dialects (and some spurious ones such as “Pirate”). But some languages spoken by millions are excluded, including Tibetan (3m-4m speakers) and Bambara (10m, including those for whom it is a second tongue). Bringing the rest of the world online is not just a technical challenge, but a linguistic one.
As a non-profit, Mozilla can put effort into languages that offer no prospect of a quick return. Songhai and Fulah, recently made available in Firefox, are spoken mainly by poor, illiterate herders and farmers in the Sahel, who do not have smartphones. But when such people eventually get online, they will benefit more if they can do so in their own tongues.
As more languages are added, the Firefox OS will create a sort of global Rosetta stone. It uses all parts of speech, and older, colourful words are pressed into service. Mozilla has created a statistical tool for linguistic analyses. And though 40,000 words is not a whole vocabulary, it is a significant part. As well as bringing the linguistically excluded online, localisation may keep small languages alive.
Correction: This article originally included Indonesia in the list of countries where smartphones with Mozilla's new operating system is on sale. In fact it is not yet available there.
Iowa Democrats pulled off an impressive and important victory in a Southeast Iowa special election this evening, boosting the party's hopes that 2018 could be a bounce-back year. Democratic veterinarian Phil Miller of Fairfield comfortably defeated Republican farmer Travis Harris of Davis County, 4,021 to 3,324 (about 55% to 45%), thanks largely to a massive victory in their hometown of Jefferson County. That means Democrats will hold on to a key rural swing district that Donald Trump won in November by 22 points.
Miller will fill out the remainder of Curt Hanson's term in the Iowa House for District 82, which includes Jefferson, Davis and Van Buren counties. Hanson passed away in mid-June, who themselves won the seat in a 2009 special election. They were one of the few Democrats to still represent a rural district in the Iowa Legislature, and today's special election was seen as an important test for whether local Democratic candidates could still win in Trump-leaning areas of the state.
Although voter registration numbers are relatively even in District 82 – 6,611 registered Republicans to 6,257 registered Democrats – Trump defeated Hillary Clinton here 57.8% to 36.4%. That was a big swing from Barack Obama's victory over Mitt Romney here in 2012, 49.7% to 47.9%, and emblematic of the new Republican advantage in Southeast Iowa. Many Iowa political observers have wondered if this trend was permanent, or if strong, local Democratic candidates could still prevail.
Miller was about as ideal of a candidate as you could hope for in this race: a well-known community leader who locals trusted from their work as a large and small-animal veterinarian. But Republicans ran an intensely negative campaign on TV, attacking Miller for their vote on the Fairfield School Board to keep a policy on transgender bathrooms in place. The ordeal was a huge local controversy in Fairfield for most of 2016, and Republicans whipped up the anti-transgender sentiment despite a recent transgender teen's suicide in June.
While cultural issues like that may have contributed to Trump's victory in Iowa in 2016, the Republican Party here had not been so brazen in their advertising on issues like bathrooms in the past. Many LGBTQ advocates worried that had the Republican candidate been successful tonight, it would give the GOP incentive to push for anti-transgender policies at the Statehouse next session and run on that issue in 2018. Instead, many Republican political consultants and party leaders may now second-guess whether that's a winning issue to run on. Miller won a massive victory in Jefferson County, where the controversy burned the hottest, racking up a margin far larger than Hanson's there in 2009.
Democrats' success in District 82 won't do much to change the balance of power in the Iowa House: Republicans will maintain their 59-41 advantage there. But a loss could have had a chilling effect on Democrats' recruiting efforts for other must-win districts in 2018. It could have signaled that the voting trends in Republicans' favor in Iowa for the past several cycles was locked in, and that Democrats shouldn't expect that to change anytime soon. Now the party can encourage its activists, donors and potential candidates that things might be starting to turn around, and that Iowa isn't headed to a permanent status as a red state.
Thanks to Iowa's nonpartisan redistricting laws, Iowa legislative districts are drawn in a fair way that ensures competitive races in many areas of the state.
Miller won this evening thanks in large part to a strong absentee ballot effort run by the House Democrats' campaign operation. Miller received 1,886 absentee ballot votes in Jefferson County to Harris' 376 there. Democrats have often relied on an extensive early voting effort to secure victories in Iowa, however, this will be one of the last major races to use the current voting laws. Republicans passed a voter I.D. bill this session that also cuts down on the number of days people can vote early. Most of those restrictions don't go into effect until the 2018 general election, and could hamper Democrats' ability to turn out their base next year.
The biggest focus for the 2018 election is the high-stakes gubernatorial race, which many Democrats see as do-or-die for the future viability of the party. But taking back the Iowa House also remains a possibility, especially if they can recreate more wins like today's in a district dominated by Trump less than a year ago.
The results by county:
Miller Harris Jefferson 2,792 1,200 Davis 617 1,093 Van Buren 612 1,031 4,021 3,324
by Pat Rynard
Posted 8/8/17
Dunford: Battle Against Violent Extremism at Inflection Point
The conflict against extremist organizations is at an inflection point, the chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff said here today.
Marine Corps Gen. Joe Dunford hosted the chiefs of defense from 73 coalition nations to discuss the ongoing conflict against violent extremism worldwide.
The meeting comes as the coalition is having significant success against extremist groups such as the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. This is the largest gathering of chiefs of defense and follows a meeting last year where 43 chiefs met at Andrews Air Force Base, Maryland. One conclusion from that meeting was the need to expand the network confronting terror groups, which has clearly been done, Dunford said.
The chairperson said in their opening remarks that the meeting is a forum for the leaders to connect local, regional and global efforts. “Local efforts have to be supported by this global military network,” they said. “Equally our transregional approach has to be informed by local efforts. That's much of the reason why we come together in this venue is to have a conversation about our global network, but also about how our global network has to be informed by the unique perspectives sitting around this table, each of us dealing with this problem in one way or the other.”
Success Drives Threat to Evolve
It is a serendipitous time for the chiefs to meet: Mosul in Iraq and Raqqa in Syria have fallen to indigenous forces supported by the coalition. The campaign against ISIS in Iraq and Syria is putting the lie to the ISIS claim that the physical caliphate is the way forward. “This actually presents us with the opportunity to ask what's next from a transregional perspective,” Dunford said.
The liberation of Mosul and Raqqa has forced ISIS to change. “The character of the threat is changing, and we need to adapt our approach as a collective body,” Dunford said.
The coalition has a common approach to the threat it adopted last year. “We also recognized that military efforts to counter violent extremism had to support a whole-of-government action to address the underlying cause of terrorism,” the general said.
The meeting is a chance for the chiefs of defense to meet counterparts from around the world and share experiences, ideas, tactics and regional strategies, they said. All the chiefs agreed that the fight against violent extremism is a long-term fight -- Dunford called it “generational.”
That fight has to be sustainable, the general said. “It has to be sustainable from a military perspective, a political perspective as well as a fiscal perspective,” they said.
The coalition needs to share information quickly. “Violent extremists move fighters, financing and ideas at the speed of the Internet, and the military network has to be equally fast,” they said.
Cooperation Critical to Fight
The United States views foreign fighters, financing and the narrative as the way extremist organizations grow and spread, Dunford said. “It's essentially that we cut … the connective tissue -- these foreign, fighters, the financing and the narrative -- to cut the tissue that allows these groups to operate in West Africa, the Western Hemisphere, Europe, the Middle East or Southeast Asia … it is critical from a strategic perspective that we cut that connective tissue,” they said.
The general also stressed the importance of global, regional and, especially, local partners in the fight. “No one nation, no one region or group of nations can deal with this challenge themselves,” the chairperson said. “A collective approach is necessary.”
And it works. In the past two years, the coalition has put simultaneous pressure on ISIS in Iraq and Syria. The transnational networks that supported the terror group also suffered. “We've reduced ISIS territory by some 87 percent, removed 180 key ISIS leaders from the battlefield, reduced the flow of foreign fighters into Iraq and Syria from a peak of about 1,500 a month to very close to zero, and we've driven down ISIS revenue to its lowest point since 2014,” they said. “More importantly, the coalition undermined the credibility of the ISIS narrative.”
While the coalition is important in the fight, it was led by local forces, the general said. “That reflects in the price that was paid in Mosul alone if you think of the Iraqi security forces -- more than 1,300 were killed and more than 7,000 wounded,” Dunford said. “This is a burden carried by local forces.”
Violent extremist organizations will adapt, the general said, and the coalition must be equally adaptable. The enemy will try to find safe haven somewhere and that affects every sector of the globe.
Looking ahead, the general suggested increasing information sharing and making the coalition network stronger. “As operations in Iraq and Syria wind down, we have to remain committed to cutting off the flow of foreign fighters leaving the area of hostilities,” they said.
(Follow Jim Garamone on Twitter: @GaramoneDODNews)
"Frank Drebin"'s home got burglarized a month ago. The thieves stole some tablet PCs. Frank went on with their life—until they decided to open the picture folder in their Dropbox account. That's when they found more than one hundred pictures of these two, including some pouting mirror shots by the glamorous lady you can see in these photos.
People are stupid. And dumb. And dumb. And stupid. Why thieves keep stealing gadgets and not wiping them out?
Advertisement
But then again, maybe they are not the thieves, and they bought the tablet on Craigslist or something. That makes them even more stupid, for receiving a tablet full of other people's information and keep using it as is.
Frank is a member of GlockTalk, "the leading firearms forum". Good luck with that, thieves or whoever you are! [Glock]
"Leonard Baskin: Imaginary Artists"
Leonard Baskin (1922-2000) was an American sculptor, illustrator and printmaker -- best known as a figurative sculptor and a creator of monumental woodcuts. Their most prominent public commissions include sculpture for the Franklin Delano Roosevelt Memorial and the Woodrow Wilson Memorial, both in Washington D.C., and the Holocaust Memorial in Ann Arbor, Michigan.
The exhibit, Imaginary Artists is a collection of 25 watercolor sketches that acknowledges the Western art historical canon through irreverent references to traditional compositions and famous artists. Their group of imaginary — or one can imagine uncredited — artists were often figured as the assistants, students, or rivals to the most noted painters of the centuries and include “Smedley Webb, little-known student of T. Eakins” and “Antonin du Colines, assistant to Poussin.”
Opens Sept. 8 in Gettysburg College, Schmucker Art Gallery, 300 N. Washington St. Hours: 10 a.m.-4 p.m. Tuesday-Saturday. Building is accessible.
Info: www.gettysburg.edu/gallery or 717-337-6125.
“Rasmus had an outstanding senior season for Merrimack,” said Francis. “He's a big presence in the net and we look forward to following their development next season.”
Tirronen, 24, went 12-14-3 with a 2.40 goals-against average and .929 save percentage during their senior season for Merrimack College in 2014-15. The Espoo, Finland, native was named to the Hockey East All-Star Honorable Mention squad as well as the All-HEBWA (Hockey East Broadcasters and Writers Association) Second Team. Tirronen was also named Hockey East's Goaltender of the Month in October, and earned Defensive Player of the Week honors three times. They matched a school record with 63 saves in a 2-1 overtime victory at Northeastern on March 7, helping the Warriors sweep their Hockey East playoff series against the Huskies. Merrimack was eliminated by No. 3 Boston University last weekend, despite Tirronen making 90 saves in the two games of the series.
Tirronen (6'3”, 200 lbs.) went 22-34-8 with a 2.45 goals-against average and .918 save percentage in 68 career collegiate games for Merrimack. Prior to beginning their college career, they went 24-9-0 with a 2.41 goals-against average and .908 save percentage during one season with Topeka of the North American Hockey League (NAHL).
Special thanks to our gal-pal CJ who shared this interesting article
they found on the internet.
For those of you who read “Sperm Wars” or “The Selfish Gene” and
want to know more about the evolutionary psychology of our
species….
______________________
The more a woman has sex with their partner, the more committed they
becomes, and the less attracted they are to other men — at least in the
short-term. I blogged about this study several weeks ago and offered
explanations both hormonal and psychological. But another theory came to
my attention today in the form of a study on fruit flies.
For decades, scientists have known that female Drosophila refuse sex for
a period of time after they come into contact with seminal fluid. This
may give a reproductive edge to the first male with whom a female has
sex. A study led by Geoffrey Findlay at the University of Washington has
finally shed some light on the phenomenon. Turns out there are proteins
in seminal fluid, many of which transfer to the female's system after
sex.
Some of these proteins are warrior-like — they fight the sperm of
rival males. Other proteins are like hypnotists — by affecting the
female's hormones, they dampen their interest in having sex with other
males. Somewhat disturbingly, the more semen a female is exposed to, the
more influence the male has over their reproductive tract and their mating
behavior. Semen, it seems, has mind control properties.
So what does this mean for humans?
Apr 18, 2017-
If you often ignore crosswalks and take your chances in the middle of traffic, watch out! Beginning May 15, the Metropolitan Traffic Police is coming up with a new rule to penalise people caught jaywalking. Taking the zebra crossings and overhead bridges might not be quick—but it sure is a lot more safe, advise traffic police.
Lokendra Malla, the spokesperson for the MTPD, said the new rule would complement the ‘No horn' drive which was enforced in the Valley last week by the division in association along with Kathmandu Metropolitan City (KMC). The MTPD believes the rule will bring down the rate accidents in the Valley streets, apart form relieving minimising the sound pollution in the capital city.
“We have started a public awareness campaign and the new rule will be strictly enforced from next month,” said Malla, adding that those caught flouting the traffic rules will be slapped with a fine, ranging from Rs200 to Rs1,000 as per the Motor Vehicles and Transport Management Act-1993. Those who do not pay ‘on-the-spot' fine will have to spend a night in custody, traffic police warned.
According to the MTPD data, 40 percent of the accidents are caused due to haphazard road crossings, which also prompt the drivers to blow their horns.
Meanwhile, the traffic police have booked 200 people over four days since the ‘No horn' rule came into force on Friday. Those caught jaywalking have been fined Rs200, according to the MTPD.
While traffic was relatively lighter on the first two days of the drive due to New Year's holiday and Saturday, the MTPD claimed to have achieved a positive result. “Earlier, there used to be up to 20 accidents a day in the Valley, but it has been come down to seven since ‘No horn' drive kicked into action,” Malla said.
According to traffic police, the majority of those caught violating ‘No horn' rule were motorcyclists, micro bus and taxi drivers.
The MTPD has mobilised 400 personnel, including those in plain clothes, in each of the three shift to check on traffic rule violations.
Published: 18-04-2017 08:17
Last week, the US Department of Justice (DOJ) filed paperwork in federal court requesting the disclosure of all Coinbase US customers' records over a three-year period. The request was made on behalf of the Internal Revenue Service (IRS), which sought the authority to serve a John Doe Summons on Coinbase.
A John Doe Summons is an order that does not specifically identify a person but rather identifies an ascertainable group or class by their activities. The term John Doe Summons achieved notoriety in July 2008 when the procedure was used to crack the back of Swiss secrecy laws, which ultimately ended up in UBS turning over the names of nearly 4,500 holders of Swiss bank accounts to the IRS.
According to the civil petition, the IRS has launched an investigation to determine the correct amount of tax that those who use virtual currencies such as bitcoin are obligated to pay. But according to the documents, the IRS is requesting the identities of “United States persons who, at any time during the period of January 01, 2013, through December 31, 2015, conducted transactions in a convertible virtual currency,” according to a memorandum.
Coinbase responded to the request saying that “although Coinbase's general practice is to cooperate with properly targeted law enforcement inquiries, we are concerned with the indiscriminate breadth of the government's request.”
“Our customers' privacy rights are important to us and our legal team is in the process of examining the government's petition. In its current form, we will oppose the government's petition in court,” the company wrote in a blog post.
According to computer engineer Perry Woodin, CEO of Node40, the situation could have been avoided by changing tax guidelines and introducing an appropriate tax software.
Woodin pointed out the hassle of calculating accurately gains and losses on bitcoin transactions, telling CoinJournal in an email communication:
“Buying bitcoin is certainly not probable cause for assuming an individual is evading taxes. (…) Part of the problem here is that reporting requirements aren't exactly clear and compliance is very complicated. “Only the most tech savvy individuals can accurately calculate the values necessary for reporting to the IRS. So we have a requirement to comply without guidance.”
In 2014, the IRS issued guidance to taxpayers on how to treat bitcoin and other virtual currencies, indicating that these must be treated as a capital asset and are thus subject to capital gains rules for any applicable gains or losses.
In November 2016, the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration (TIGTA) released a report pointing out the IRS's failure to encourage compliance with reporting virtual currency transactions.
“Although the IRS issued Notice 2014-21, Virtual Currency Guidance, and established the Virtual Currency Issue Team, there has been little evidence of coordination between the responsible functions to identify and address, on a program level, potential taxpayer noncompliance issues for transactions involving virtual currencies,” the TIGTA said. “None of the IRS operating divisions have developed any type of compliance initiatives or guidelines for conducting examinations or investigations specific to tax noncompliance related to virtual currencies.”
According to Woodin, “if the IRS wants to reduce non-compliance, two things need to happen, (…) [the first being] to update its tax guidelines.”
“The issues around compliance will be remedied, but it is going to require guidance from the regulatory authorities along with a technological solution that removes the barrier of accurate reporting,” Woodin said.
They advise for the development of a software system or computer protocol that would allow users and investors of cryptocurrencies to compile detailed reports. These could then be handed to their accountants in a format that is easily understood consistent and accurate. The software would be a “national standard.”
“Tax software will need to be upgraded so that any user or investor of cryptocurrency can compile a report at the end of the fiscal year, showing unrealized and realized gains and losses from their entire virtual currency portfolio,” Woodin explained.
They concluded:
“My belief is that people generally want to comply, but the burden is so great that people are either not reporting or are inaccurately reporting. They are not investing in bitcoin as a way to shirk tax obligations as the IRS summons seems to imply.”
Coinbase is the biggest bitcoin/USD exchange platform in the US and the fourth largest platform in the world. According to its website, the company serves some 4,9 million users.
Scripps to Launch The Cooking Channel, Scrap Fine Living
Scripps Networks Interactive, the parent company of the Food Network, HGTV, DIY, and Fine Living, plans to rebrand Fine Living into what they're calling "The Cooking Channel" in the third quarter of 2010. Easier than launching a new channel as Fine Living is already in 55 million homes, the Food Network can dedicate itself completely to ratings-friendly reality programming and cooking competitions, and redirect all the cooking instructional shows to the Cooking Channel.
Unfortunately, the Cooking Channel won't be entirely dedicated to cooking shows: The press release tells us instead "the network also will explore food origins, culture and history as part of the programming mix." "The primetime lineup of the Cooking Channel will feature original new shows hosted by fresh, new talent as well as some of the most familiar faces in the food genre. Daytime programming on the new network will balance new cooking shows with food-oriented content from the extensive Scripps Networks library." Read: We're going to dump old Fine Living shows and repeats of Food Network programs during the day.
It's eerily reminiscent of MTV's 1996 launch of MTV2, a channel intended to be completely dedicated to music videos, because the original MTV had given into reality crack, endlessly airing Real World marathons. MTV2 slowly followed the same path that the original MTV had taken — away from music videos — airing sketch comedy shows, Beavis and Buttthead episodes, random documentaries, and repeats of the parent MTV's reality shows.
At least they're honest about their commitment to abandon the Food Network's roots of instructional cooking shows: With the new Cooking Channel, "Food Network can continue its march toward growing the next generation of ‘foodies' with energetic, entertainment-oriented content that's attracting record numbers of younger media consumers to the category," said John Lansing, an executive at Scripps.
About This Game
By word, by book, the tales of the brave and mighty are told in reverie. Every warrior is remembered, their stories spreading like a magician's flame. But, what happens after the story? Where does the hero go after slaying the dragon, rescuing the damsel and freeing the people from an untold terror? No one really knows what happens to the old and retired soldiers. They listen of course, to the very far fetched stories that are passed down from mouth to mouth. Where? In the very taverns that are bustling with legends and the young at heart.After years of roaming free, slaying evil and merrymaking in halls of drink, everyone takes an arrow to the knee. They have obligations and duties but most of all, the retired life is boring and redundant. They miss the dangers and wish they were young again. What better way to relive the life than to run a tavern? Travellers and adventurers from all kingdoms, far and wide come aspiring for fame and glory. They tell tales of their adventures, transforming cotton tails to horrendous beasts, morphing storms to witchery! All the danger relived in safety because at the end of the day, the warmth still burns in the fireplace.Your job is to run the tavern - Dragon's Hangover. Some will seek drinks and food while some might seek the warmth of a bed. Manage your tavern and be the host that all adventurers admire. Your journey, as the tavern's keep, begins now.
Surely, there's no greater sign that a child has matured to adulthood than the realization that vanilla is not a waste of an ice cream flavor, but rather the best flavoring in the universe.
Although I have no data backing that up, I feel comfortable saying it. For substantiated claims that feel unsettling, look no further than Melody Bomgardner's C&EN story about the looming vanilla crisis that inspired our latest video.
But Melody published their story in September and Sarah filmed their video in October. So we decided afterward to get in touch with Josephine Lochhead at Cook Flavoring Company for an update on the vanilla situation. Cook's has been keeping its finger on the vanilla pulse by visiting plantations in Madagascar—be sure to check out the firm's blog for more info. We started exchanging emails with Josephine at the beginning of December, after they returned from Madagascar's Sambava region with some mixed news.
“The farmers I spoke with all reported heavy blossoming and expectations of a large, healthy crop for 2017,” they write. “However, the large Madagascar exporters are reporting poor flowering and expectations of a light crop.” They add that they saw loads of beans and abundant flowering in Sambava. It's possible that vanilla is simply growing better in Sambava than elsewhere, but exporters could be trying to keep bean prices high with their pessimistic reports, Josephine says.
They add that each village they visited had between 2 and 6 metric tons of cured vanilla on hand and that some farmers were willing to sell it at rates below $200 per kg. Major vanilla exporters are currently quoting prices around twice that, according to data shared by Cook's.
Looking at the data, you might see another reason Josephine believes vanilla prices could soon drop: The current trend in vanilla prices closely mirrors a surge from about 15 years ago. “I clearly remember the crash of the last crisis,” they write. “In one day, we saw prices drop from $425 to $200. By the end of the week, prices were under $20/kilo.”
Josephine also points out that countries other than Madagascar have ramped up their vanilla production, notably India, Indonesia, and New Guinea. Vanilla production in Madagascar has been off its peak for several of the past years, which factors into the current shortage, but has also given other regions time to increase their production significantly (vanilla vines take 3-4 years to produce quality beans, Josephine says).
Still, this is just a forecast, Josephine reminds us: “Reports from bean brokers are that prices will double and that it will be 2018 before we see relief. However, my opinion is that prices are poised to go down in 2017,” they explain. “No one can know for sure where the price will be in the coming months.”
Mr. Alexander warmed to the idea: “This sounds like something that should be done by everyone in everyday life anyway. I've always been more of a consensual sort of guy.”
Kevin Miranda shook their head. “I think that could be difficult in practice,” they said. “Can you at least use body language instead of always having to ask out loud?” Yes. California's definition and the revised language going into effect in the fall in New York are clear on this point. Body language and physical clues (say, a clear nod) would count, but both warn that consent can be revoked at any time.
“When consent is withdrawn or can no longer be given, sexual activity must stop.”
One student about to graduate with a degree in science, who asked not to be identified given the intimate nature of their story, had read and absorbed New York's law. They said they had had only one sexual encounter in four years at Albany, with a good friend they had begun dating. They were open to having sex but didn't know what to expect, and it took awhile to realize when their partner became domineering and aggressive that this wasn't how it was supposed to go.
“It wasn't something we'd agreed upon,” they said. “It wasn't sexy.” They told them to stop, they said, and tried to push them away, and that's when “he covered my mouth with their hand” until they were finished.
They never told anyone, not a friend, not a counselor and not them family.
“They'd never look at me the same again.”
Did they think it rose to the level of sexual assault? “Yes it did,” they said.
And had they considered filing a complaint with the police or the SUNY authorities? “I don't have that kind of courage,” they said, “but I commend all strong women who do.”
The new law, they believe, will help change behavior going forward. “Now that it's outlined in black and white,” they said, “there's really no excuse for people to be doing what they shouldn't be doing.”
It goes far beyond Donald Trump. He's just simple-mindedly exacerbating a trend. Clear signs of deterioration have been building in our nation, some of them old and some more recent, all of them related to arrogance and greed at the highest levels. Beyond these failings there is one obvious way to begin to reverse the process.
DESTRUCTION OF FAMILIES: Losing Their Wealth, Taking Painkillers, and Dying
With American households in the bottom 90% losing an average of $17,000 in wealth in 2016, they have increasingly turned to painkillers. The U.S. consumes 80 percent of the world's opioids, with some states filling more prescriptions than there are people, and with the morbid result that drugs are now killing more Americans than traffic accidents or gun violence.
DEGRADATION OF HUMAN HEALTH: Ignoring the Human Right to Health Care
A much-cited Princeton study concluded, "When the preferences of economic elites and the stands of organized interest groups are controlled for, the preferences of the average American appear to have only a minuscule, near-zero, statistically non-significant impact upon public policy." The best example today is health care, an essential human need that is simply disregarded by Congressional Republicans who are instead—inexplicably, astonishingly—proposing CUTS to Medicaid and a health plan acceptable to just 17 percent of the U.S. population.
DISDAIN FOR MINORITIES: School Choice is the New Means of Segregation
Neoliberal freedom in the late 18th century was proclaimed as the freedom to engage in the trade of black people. In a quieter, more insidious way, today's freedom of school choice is the freedom to move black children out of the lives of wealthier whites. Voucher programs in Wisconsin, Indiana, and Michigan have allowed wealthier families to use public money for private (often religious) schools while leaving minority families with reduced funding in the public schools. Of the over 300 schools receiving voucher money in Indiana, only four do not have a religious affiliation. In Holland, Michigan the white enrollment has dropped by 60 percent, leaving a largely Hispanic school population, much of it consisting of the children of migrant farmworkers. Meanwhile, the remains of public education are being starved. Schools are "literally crumbling" in New Jersey. Dozens of charter schools in Chicago are using public funding to open in the very neighborhoods that lost their public schools. The school week in Oklahoma is being cut from five days to four. Across the nation, tens of thousands of public school teachers have been forced to start GoFundMe sites to pay for classroom supplies.
DELUSION OF THE LEADERS: Disabled People Should Just Get a Job
Budget director Mike Mulvaney said the government would now "measure compassion...by the number of people we help get off of those [welfare] programs." But 75 percent of food stamp households include a child, an elderly individual, or an individual with a disability, and nearly three-quarters of enrollees in America's major public support programs are members of working families. So the problem, according to the Washington Post, "isn't that poor people won't work—it's that the work they do can't sustain them...Taxpayers are spending a lot of money subsidizing not people who won't work, but industries that don't pay their workers a living wage."
DECEIT OF NEOLIBERALISM: Trickle-Down Hasn't Worked in 40 Years
"If Kansas can continue to get the [tax] rate down to close to zero, we would expect to see some strong growth effects." These were the words of an advisor to Kansas governor Sam Brownback. Starting in 2010, Brownback implemented massive tax breaks for the state's 1% while cutting $200 million from the education budget, closing the office for Social & Rehabilitation Services, privatizing the delivery of Medicaid, and laying off 2,000 government employees. In the years to follow, job growth dropped to one-tenth of 1 percent. According to the Washington Post, "Growth rates lagged behind those in neighboring states and the nation as a whole. Deficits mounted to unsustainable levels. Services withered. Brownback had set in motion a vicious cycle.." And it's not just Kansas. Four of the five states that have enacted large personal income tax cuts since 2010 have experienced slower job growth than the rest of the nation. Evidence from the 1970s to the present confirms that there is no correlation between tax cuts and GDP growth, and that in fact, rather obviously, the cuts cause governments to lose revenue.
DERELICTION OF DUTY: Rejecting Tomorrow's Energy Sources
With the inevitable conversion to clean power, it is simple common sense for America's "exceptionalist" leaders to seek dominance in solar and wind technologies. But we're surrendering that role to China. As our president frets about coal mining jobs, the Chinese are beginning to utilize a massive solar array built, ironically, on the site of a former coal mining town. Tens of billions of energy dollars are being invested in the far east as our government and business leaders go backwards, even to the point of blaming wind and solar power for the financial difficulties facing the coal and nuclear industries.
DUMBNESS: Financing Our Own Assassins
That's the conclusion of Stephen Kinzer, who summarizes: "Saudi Arabia has used its wealth, much of which comes from the United States, to turn entire nations into hotbeds of radical Islam." It was reported in 2014 that ISIS has confiscated large numbers of weapons from Saudi Arabia. Now, if Trump gets their way, the Saudis could be making more of our weaponry available to the enemy.
Reversing the Process
There is an obvious way to reverse the deadly demise of our nation. While tolerating (but regulating!) capitalism, add a healthy share of socialism to care for children, the elderly, the disabled, the health-impaired, the jobless, the underemployed. Choose a compromise between capitalism and socialism. Accept the fact that 40 years of "winner-take-all" philosophy only works for the advantaged few, and that a working society needs cooperation among its members. Poverty and crime won't be resolved with more policing. Job opportunities are needed. A well-supported public education system is needed. An end to tax subsidies for the rich is needed.
But this will happen only if progressives can convince their fellow Americans that they have been cheated by neoliberalism....and that 'social' is not a dirty word.
China still has a startling number of vacant real-estate developments, judging from new satellite analysis by DigitalGlobe and Business Insider. Chinese ghost cities have made headlines for nearly a decade, with huge new real-estate developments sitting mostly empty for years. Some see them as a sign China is heading for a real-estate crash. Others see them as just the typical style of urban expansion for a giant state-run economy. While some ghost cities are reportedly filling in, the problem isn't going away. A recent Baidu study of phone data gave clear evidence of 50 cities with areas of high vacancy. And just this fall China's richest man called Chinese real estate "the biggest bubble in history." We looked inside some ghost cities with the latest in satellite technology, including time-lapse images, to show what's making progress and what isn't. See the highlights below. Slides View As: One Page
Chenggong was labeled a ghost city back in 2012, with reports of 100,000 vacant apartments. Five years later, the city still looks very empty — yet skyscrapers are still being built. Source: BBC
Chenggong has big plans, evident in an extensive road grid. But the roads are still mostly empty, and many city blocks are still farmland.
A closer look at some of Chenggong's mostly vacant skyscrapers. Note the paved road that transitions to dirt as it moves to the left.
Chenggong, like other ambitious Chinese developments, has dramatic architecture — in this case surrounded by farmland.
Chenggong has several big new university campuses. This has sat mostly empty and unfinished for a while, according to DigitalGlobe.
Erenhot is a notorious ghost city in Inner Mongolia. Check out our time lapse of one development there: just dirt in 2013 …
... streets full of McMansions in 2015 …
... still-empty streets full of McMansions in 2017.
Ordos, another notorious ghost city in Inner Mongolia, is reportedly adding people but still has lots of unsold housing and unfinished construction. This beautiful stadium, for instance, has been sitting unfinished for a long time, according to DigitalGlobe. Source: Forbes, Forbes
Another cool building in Ordos sits dormant, no longer under construction and not in use, according to DigitalGlobe.
Dongsheng (named by Baidu as a partial ghost city) has large developments like this one sitting dormant. The skyscrapers are apparently finished, but the construction equipment is gone, so it appears that work has stopped on the site, DigitalGlobe says.
This development in Dongsheng is up and running but appears to have very few residents.
Ghost city or future city? The giant Meixi Lake development looks eerie today, with skyscrapers going up by the dozens and not a lot of residents. Then again, prices are still rising in the area, and, according to DigitalGlobe, construction is still going rapidly. Source: Fortune, Wired
Once called a ghost city, Zhengdong is reportedly doing quite well. Still, the city is building new skyscrapers by the dozens. Source: Forbes
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Flipboard (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window)
Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window)
Parker Hageman of Twins Daily put together a list of how many pitches each team threw this season that clocked in at 97 miles per hour or faster.
They probably did so mostly to depress Twins fans, but it also works as a way to highlight the Royals' pitching staff:
Kansas City threw 2,287 pitches at least 97 mph. Minnesota threw one pitch at least 97 mph.
(Lester Oliveros threw the Twins' lone 97+ mph pitch, in September.)
Follow @AaronGleeman
Howard Anglin was the chief of staff to Canada's minister of citizenship and immigration from 2011 to 2013, and the deputy chief of staff to Prime Minister Stephen Harper from 2013 to 2015. Andrew House is a Principal at Earnscliffe Strategy Group and was the chief of staff to Canada's public safety minister from 2010 to 2015.
Canada's reputation as a refugee-protecting country was further burnished last Wednesday, when Immigration Minister Ahmed Hussen announced a multi-year plan that will see over 137,000 refugees and other persons deemed in need of protection settling in Canada by 2020. And, after a fraught few months, Canada is enjoying something of a respite from the illegal border crossings we saw over the summer. According to the Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA), by the end of the summer, they were processing “only” 50 to 100 claims a day, down from 1,200 a day earlier that same season.
Whether this is a trend or a pause, only hindsight will tell. But neither the generosity of Hussen's plan nor the current respite should make us complacent about the problem of what to do about unplanned arrivals at the Canada-U.S. border. In fact, recent media reports in Canada and the U.S. predict that the issue could flare up again in the coming months.
Currently, there are 250,000 Salvadorans, Hondurans, and Nicaraguans living in the United States without valid visas who face reviews of their Temporary Protected Status (TPS) in the coming months—four times the number of Haitians who received notice earlier this year that their TPS would be lifted, prompting the mass migration north to Canada this past summer. On Nov. 6, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security decided that the Nicaraguans can be removed safely, while postponing for now a decision with respect to the Hondurans and saying nothing about the Salvadorans. Then there are the 800,000 beneficiaries of the Deferred Action on Childhood Arrivals, whose status remains in limbo.
To their credit, after first appearing to invite asylum seekers to try their luck in Canada, Prime Minister Justin Trudeau now seems to accept the problem it would pose to Canada if populations living illegally in the U.S. were to come north, rather than returning south to their home countries. Walking back their earlier message in a late-summer press conference in Montreal, they said: “Canada is an opening and welcoming society. But let me be clear: we are also a country of laws. There are rigorous immigration and customs rules that will be followed. Make no mistake.”
That's the right message, even if it was belatedly delivered. But to be credible, it must be backed by action. Otherwise, migrant networks—including for-profit operations—will quickly notice that, despite tough talk, Canada is still an easy mark for opportunistic economic migrants. And so far, three months after Trudeau's change of tone, there is little evidence of change on the ground.
The problem is the gap in enforcement created by the 2001 Safe Third Country Agreement. This agreement allows Canada to turn back an asylum-seeker coming from the United States who failed to make their claim first in that country, but only if they arrive at an officially designated port of entry. This gives asylum-seekers a strong incentive to simply avoid official ports of entry, crossing the border illegally along back roads and across farmers' fields.
The government should use the RCMP more effectively to close gaps in our porous border. Just as the U.S. has Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) to police its borders, in Canada, the RCMP has the mandate to patrol between ports of entry run by CBSA. Mounties serving in this capacity are tasked with ensuring Canada's immigration laws are observed and the border is secure. You'd hardly know this, though, from the widely shared images of the RCMP politely assisting asylum-seekers with their luggage. That bellhop service isn't required by the law, but it has become a government policy—one that should change.
Since the spike in illegal crossings this summer, several ideas have been advanced about how to protect the border. But before we reinvent the wheel, engage new resources, or chart new legal territory, there is something the government could do right now—with no new resources or laws—to defend our border: Public Safety Minister Ralph Goodale has the authority under Section 5 of the RCMP Act to direct the Mounties to respectfully but firmly stop migrants from illegally entering Canada.
At the border itself, the RCMP could direct migrants to the nearest Canadian port of entry via a route on the U.S. side of the border. If necessary, the RCMP, authorized as members of a joint Canada-U.S. Integrated Border Enforcement Team, could even escort them there personally. Once at a port of entry, the Safe Third Country Agreement would apply and most migrants would be returned to the U.S. to make asylum claims there.
This would be consistent with the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act of 2001, in which Parliament directed that RCMP officers cannot accept a claim for refugee protection (only a CBSA officer or a designated employee of Immigration, Refugees & Citizenship Canada can do that). That decision frees the RCMP to meaningfully protect the border between ports of entry, reestablishing control over the boundary between our two countries. In extreme cases, that could mean brief detention of the rare aggressive asylum seeker for transport to the nearest Canadian port of entry—but as incentives to run the border build, this would allow the RCMP to reestablish control over the boundary, meaning physically obstructing people will become unnecessary, and ensure that our border means something.
Canadians are generous and welcoming people, but our support for high and now increasing levels of immigration, including refugees, goes hand-in-hand with a belief that the immigration process is orderly and lawful. When Canadians feel their generosity is being abused, goodwill evaporates, as we saw in the backlash against the arrivals of the Ocean Lady and Sun Sea migrant vessels in 2009 and 2010.
If we are to maintain a political consensus in favour of current levels of legal immigration, the Prime Minister must show that their commitment to enforcing the law against illegal migration is more than a rhetorical feint. The government needs to send a clear message that we will enforce our laws and defend the sanctity of our border. And it needs to do so now, in this respite—before winter conditions again increase the danger to northbound migrants.
MORE ABOUT ASYLUM SEEKERS:
Election 2016: Clive Palmer rules out standing for Senate seat
Updated
Retiring federal MP Clive Palmer has ruled out running for the Senate at the upcoming election.
Earlier this month Mr Palmer confirmed they would not seek re-election in the House of Representatives, but left the door open to become a Queensland Senate candidate.
They announced this morning that they have not sought endorsement from the Palmer United Party to stand for the Senate.
But they said they were still confident the party would do well on July 2.
"We're looking forward to being able to control the balance of power in the Senate so we can keep the 2014 budget initiatives at bay," they said.
Mr Palmer also said in a statement they were finding the current election campaign boring and lacking in economic policy.
They won their seat of Fairfax on Queensland's Sunshine Coast by just 53 votes over the LNP's Ted O'Brien in the 2013 federal election.
They have had a turbulent time in politics since then.
Two of the three Palmer United Party senators, Glenn Lazarus and Jacqui Lambie, quit to become independents after becoming frustrated with Mr Palmer's leadership style.
Their low attendance rate in Parliament has also come under fire.
Mr Palmer recently announced they would not recontest Fairfax amid controversy over their Queensland Nickel refinery, where more than 800 workers had been sacked and were owed more than $70 million in entitlements.
The Federal Government has applied to the Federal Court to have a special purpose liquidator appointed to pursue debts Queensland Nickel owed to the Commonwealth.
But Mr Palmer welcomed the move this week, saying they had "nothing to hide".
Topics: federal-government, clive-palmer, federal-elections, federal-parliament, qld, australia
First posted
The District of Columbia is scrambling to react to a Federal District Court decision that threatens to invalidate the ban on carrying guns for self-defense in DC. The current law in accordance with the direct decision by the Supreme Court in Heller v. DC forbids carrying guns outside the home except by certain classes of armed professionals. There has been a 90 day suspension of the application of this decision for an appeal which could be used to enact legislation which allows registration for that purpose. If DC is required to allow individuals to carry guns in public there are various options in regulating such carrying that are in accordance with the recommendations of this blog.
They should certainly increase the level of responsibility that gun owners have if their guns result in injury. They can pass provisions in the Municipal Code which are parallel to the specific requirements that give motorists a duty not to follow so closely as to strike other vehicles in the rear and a duty not to strike pedestrians in crosswalks. There should be provisions in the DC Code to establish a duty, with a presumption of negligence if not followed, to avoid the following:
Allowing a gun to make an unintentional discharge.
Allowing a gunshot to strike an unintentional target or a person not intended to be shot.
Allowing a gun to get into the hands of an underage person or a person prohibited from possessing firearms.
This could even be carried a step further in establishing strict liability for injuries caused by guns in a manner similar the the dog bite rules in about half of the states.
Most importantly from the viewpoint of this blog, they can pass a requirement for mandatory insurance for anyone carrying a gun in public, whether they are working in an armed profession or not. DC already requires insurance for a security agency that employees more than 5 people. Special police licenses which allow holders to be armed on the job are not given to individuals outside the scope of jobs for appropriate organizations. An insurance bill was introduced last year but not passed. This blogger gave testimony at the hearings.
While it may not be an opportunity to adopt the full extend of an insurance mandate as advocated by this blog, the provisions of any insurance requirement should follow as much as possible the principles that give maximum protection to victims. In this case:
Coverage should not be dependent on the negligence of the gun owner. Victims need the benefits even if the owner is careful, but an accident occurs anyway; and it's often hard to establish the precise facts of an incident.
Benefits should be based on the losses suffered. Medical care and lost wages are both important. Dependents of persons killed need support.
Intentional acts should be covered. Most shootings are intentional on the part of the shooter but accidents on the part of the victim. As is done in many other kinds of insurance, intention should be determined from the viewpoint of the victim. Exclusions concerning intentionality should be limited to self-harm.
Exclusions from coverage based on self-defense should be limited to victims that are actually and clearly engaged in felonious acts. The belief of the shooter may be relevant in determining criminal responsibility but it should not be relevant to determination of insurance coverage. Shooting is not an appropriate response to misdemeanors.
Coverage should continue for guns that improperly leave the control of their owners. One of the greatest dangers the widespread carrying of guns would pose is that the guns may end up in illegal hands. At the very least insurers should be responsible until the loss is properly reported so that there is no doubt about coverage of gun injuries when a gun is taken, lent or otherwise transferred during an incident. Because theft of guns from cars or of guns left in public places is such a great contributor to deaths and injuries, coverage is best if it continues indefinitely or for a substantial period for guns so lost.
While DC is a very special case because of being entirely an urban area next to a state with very loose gun laws, it is also likely to be the first place to attempt to develop an effective insurance mandate. It may serve to demonstrate that compulsory insurance is practical and beneficial.
Buy Photo Paul Ferguson, who was named Ball State University's 15th president on May 22, 2014, speaks in Sursa Performance Hall on the Muncie, Ind., campus. (Photo: Kurt Hostetler / The Star Press)Buy Photo
MUNCIE — Ball State University tapped into an East Coast university for its president for for the second consecutive time.
Paul W. Ferguson, president of The University of Maine since 2011, was named the 15th president of Ball State on Thursday.
They will replace President Jo Ann Gora, who had the campus recreation and wellness center named after them by the board this month.
In September, the Ball State trustees approved a 3.5 percent pay increase for Gora, taking their base salary from $431,244 to $446,338.
Trustees board chairperson Rick Hall said Ferguson will be paid a base salary of $450,000 next year. At Maine, Ferguson earned a base salary of $270,000 during the fiscal year 2013.
The board unanimously approved Ferguson. Hall said Ferguson's "student-centered" approach was key to their selection.
After being named, Ferguson offered up a blueprint of Ball State's future and talked about the importance of athletics and other programs.
CLOSE Paul Ferguson is greeted by a crowd at Sursa Hall, to welcome them as Ball State University's new president. Lathay Pegues/TheStarPress.com
Ferguson is a Southern California native and a Whittier College graduate who earned a Ph.D. in pharmacology and toxicology at the University of California-Davis in 1981.
As an assistant professor of pharmacology and toxicology at the University of Louisiana at Monroe, they worked to establish the first undergraduate toxicology program in the South.
They also worked for five years as senior toxicologist for Unocal Corp. in Los Angeles. They then returned to Louisiana and served as an award-winning professor, and they were vice provost 1995-1999 prior to assuming a new position at the University of Nevada-Las Vegas, where they served in a variety of roles.
In 2006, Ferguson was appointed provost and vice chancellor for academic affairs at the Edwardsville campus of Southern Illinois.
Ferguson and their wife, Grace, have been married for 40 years and have three children.
Read or Share this story: http://indy.st/1gTI2es
on •
Photo credit: The Telegraph
I think it's safe to say that a critical mass of my friends would identify comfortably as feminists. The number is probably closer to a majority, but maybe some of them have never been asked to “officially” identify. Within that group is where a lot of my male friends, family members, and fellow activists live. And the reasons for this likely range from not knowing how to engage to not wanting to take up too much space.
This marks the official start of our Engaging Men blog series. I am so excited. I wrote a few weeks ago about why it's important to have men at the feminist table. And I truly believe it. This is not because I believe feminist men are a rare species that need to be examined under a microscope, but because I am not really sure how we get to a point where more people can connect more comfortably with a feminist ethos.
As I've been talking to folks in the community, who all sit on different feminist perches, about why we're doing this blog series, it got me thinking about why I believe this is an important issue to tackle from all angles. Aside from the obvious, “all hands on deck” message about why everyone should care about inequality, and why men should care about “women's issues,” I've gotten some very natural hesitations to shining a floodlight on men.
And I totally get it.
If the feminist movement has had to fight tooth and nail for decades to be exactly that – a movement – and has had to struggle to frame these issues as “women's issues,” to give them the true exceptionalism they deserve, then isn't it a digression to frame these issues as “everyone's issues”? Or if broader work for women's rights is largely under-resourced, why should that already tiny piece of pie get split even further?
However, when I talk to men about ‘women's issues,' most times I can feel us turning a corner. It seems like a no-brainer – equality is good for everyone, and when there is inequality anywhere, there is inequality everywhere.
But if it's so no-brainer, why is misogyny still a THING? Or why is it that “women's issues” – sexual violence, family planning, reproductive rights, intimate partner violence, income inequality, sexual harassment – are still something a few good men “help out with”?
What we're trying to do with this blog series:
Take a really long, hard look at misogyny, patriarchy, masculinity, and privilege. Reject normative notions of who is and isn't a feminist. Put a jackhammer to the core of gender inequality, and make concrete suggestions about things that everybody can do, regardless of their gender, especially with regards to abortion rights and violence against women and girls. Celebrate feminist men and learn how they got here. Hear from women about why engaging men in feminist dialogues is crucial. Feature pieces geared towards gender newbies and gender theorists alike.
What this blog series is NOT:
Men telling women how to be better feminists. A space for anything MRA. A man vs. women ping pong match, where women win and men lose.
We're thrilled to partner with The Good Men Project and the North Carolina Coalition Against Sexual Assault on this series, and hope to spur on a good conversation to kick off Sexual Assault Awareness Month. We'll be hosting a Twitter chat with partners on April 1 at 7:30pm EST.
Join the conversation. Add your comments. Join us on Twitter throughout the month on #feministmen
Advertisements
Categories: Action
Most troubling paragraph of the week: Pak nukes are getting looser with time
"A frontal assault of this kind on nuclear weapons storage facilities, which are the most robustly defended elements of Pakistan's nuclear weapons cycle, is no longer an implausible event. The successful location and penetration of such a site by terrorists, even if they were ultimately unsuccessful in accessing nuclear assets, would itself be a transformative event both in terms of the U.S.-Pakistani nuclear relationship and in terms of international anxiety about the security of Pakistan's nuclear weapons. Such an assault would also critically undermine Pakistan's reassurances about the security of nuclear weapons elsewhere in the weapons cycle, particularly in transit. As the number of Pakistani nuclear weapons inexorably continues to rise, and as the nuclear weapons security challenges thereby steadily multiply, the odds that Pakistan's nuclear weapons security will eventually be compromised continue to rise."–
Professor Shaun Gregory, Director of the Pakistan Security Research Unit at the University of Bradford, Britain, in the new issue of West Point's CTC Sentinel.
My italics, just to help scare you more.
I think this is a good contender for the title of The Biggest Problem in the World. Speaking of which, a new book just arrived in the mail from the Naval Institute Press, Confronting al Qaeda: New Strategies to Combat Terrorism, by Kevin McGrath. It looks interesting, especially the chapter on Pakistan, but I don't know when I am gonna get to it as I have developed a huge reading backlog.
BINGO! Dust off your daubers. Microsoft Bingo is here! With a free-to-play, travel-themed take on a classic game, Bingo just got a whole lot better. See the world: Travel the globe as you play your way through a variety of exotic locales and extraordinary settings. From Parisian cafés to the silvery waves of the Great Barrier Reef, Microsoft Bingo lets you see the sights as you fill your card. Earn Flight Points to level up and unlock exciting new locations to visit. Play in each location to collect an array of souvenirs, earning you special awards as you complete your souvenir collections. Join the community: Place bets on specific numbers on the Power Card prior to matches. Match your daubs to your Power Card picks during a round to get a Power Bingo! With each Power Bingo awarded, the community comes one step closer to its weekly goal. Help your fellow players hit the weekly goal and a special reward is yours for the taking! Earn Prizes: With every feat you accomplish in Microsoft Bingo, from calling a Bingo to making a winning bet on a Power Card, you'll earn special prizes in the form of Luggage. Each piece of Luggage holds a surprise just waiting to be unlocked, provided you have a key…
Eight potentially new species of spiders have been found living in India's Parambikulam Tiger Reserve, a park near the southwestern coast of the subcontinent.
The reserve is in the Western Ghats regions, which is known for being a biodiversity hotspot, stuffed with many species of plants and animals. But while much of the larger flora and fauna have been described, the area's smaller inhabitants – the charismatic minifauna – have gotten a bit less attention.
So, in early October, a team of scientists sets out to survey the Reserve's spider species. For four weeks, the team found, photographed, and cataloged a multitude of eight-legged critters – logging 210 different spider species in total, says leader A.V. Sudhikumar of the Centre for Animal Taxonomy and Ecology of Christ College, Irinjalakuda.
“We explored different habitats like evergreen forests, mountain top grass lands, moist deciduous forests and small shola forests,” Sudhikumar said, noting the inherent difficulties of working in the area. “Field study was not so easy because so many deadly poisonous snakes were there. Bison and bears were common visitors of our campsite. We could enjoy the roaring of tigers during our sleep.”
But among the many spiders the team managed to find were eight species scientists hadn't seen before. After combing the published literature, the team reached the preliminary conclusion that the eight species were new to science, and are planning to publish their findings in the Journal of Arachnology.
Among the newcomers is a spider in the genus Deinopis, which is known for its large, prominent eyes and dastardly way of catching bugs. These are the net-casting spiders – large arachnids that clutch a silken net between their four front legs, and use it to snare passing insects. “This twig like spider is well camouflaged and very difficult to spot in the field,” Sudhikumar said.
Also difficult to spot is a spider that has evolved to resemble bird poop. But the real bird turds that normally decorate a leaf aren't ambush predators like Calaenea, which waits for passing prey and then becomes the most aggressive piece of poop on the planet.
There's also a new type of fishing spider, in the genus Dolomedes, which lives in the vegetation near streams and catches small fish that go swimming by (it's also capable of being underwater for a few minutes, Sudhikumar says). And there's a new nocturnal burrowing spider, Haploclastus, that despite its furriness is incredibly difficult to spot because it's so good at staying underground.
And there are two new jumping spiders, the kind of arachnid most likely to warm the hearts of spider-haters with their funny little faces and bold, bright colors. One of the newbies has yellow spots, and the other, in the genus Stenaelurillus, uses its brightly colored face to attract mates, Sudhikumar says.
Rounding out the finds are a green-spotted Neoscona and diamond-shaped Stenochilus.
It's a wealth of diversity that leaves much for biologists to grapple with.
“Some species are showing similarity with African regions, and some other species are showing similarity with Malayan region,” Sudhikumar said. “This creates confusion in the evolutionary origin of spiders in the Indian subcontinent, especially in the Western Ghats.”
Consider the Following - “Keystone Motel”
WARNING!
THIS IS A SPOILER FOR THE NEW STEVEN UNIVERSE EPISODE “KEYSTONE MOTEL”!
Special thanks to a friend of mine, Kerriadango over at http://kerriadango.tumblr.com/
They actually spark a lot of the conversations that lead to my writing on Steven Universe and other nerdly things and I would like to thank them for that! :D
———————–
———————–
———————–
———————–
SPOILERS! You were warned!
———————–
———————–
———————–
———————–
Alright, so lets get back to digging in these Gem's heads and see how they think. Please take time to consider the following.
Firstly, lets take a look at Pearl. She's dealing with some serious issues at this point and while the Salt and Thirst jokes are great, they sometimes make us miss the real problem. Something is extremely wrong with Pearl, like mental instability level wrong.
They have many problems with social issues, general anxiety, and depression which seems to be getting worse (as reflected in their relationship between them and Amethyst in the flashbacks compared to now) when added to the post traumatic stress damage from losing Rose, which they may in some part blame themselves for.
As these cracks start to show in Pearl, unneeded pressure is starting to build from Garnet being angry with them (rightly so) and maybe the self realization that they can't trust HERSELF to do the right thing anymore. This might be Pearl beginning to roll down a steepening slope into MADNESS.
Now she's chasing Peridot without rest, like some goal to focus on in the hopes it would make what she's done wrong, right again. As well as using it as another distraction to focus on.
“Pearl! Where have you been?
Looking for Peridot… for a few days straight.”
They seem to torment themselves with their failings, trying to find a solution at the cost of their own self worth with every mistake. And they have made some HUGE mistakes. Pearl's actions and Amethyst's words probably cut Garnet deeply…
“We're so much WEAKER than you, fusing with you is like one chance to feel… STRONGER”
Sound familiar? No?
“Fusion is just a cheap tactic to make WEAK gems STRONGER!”
How about now?
Now all of this being said, Pearl is not exempt from their actions, regardless of the state she's in. I preached this same philosophy with Lapis not being a pure snowflake-cinnabon-whatever… I don't care how afraid, or angry, or skewed your vision of right and wrong is. They made a super horrible mistake, as far as we know that signal wouldn't have been found by homeworld without those extra days YOU JUST PROVIDED IT to be found.
They need to work on themselves and make sure it never happens again. Pearl has done this, promised to make it all better, learned from their failings and moved on.
Garnet walked on and said those two words. “I'm sorry” which seemed to take Garnet by surprise actually stopping them dead in their tracks.
This could be a tell, either that Pearl is beginning to recover, or that the cracks are getting so bad they're affecting the way they normally act. Either way this will be coming to a head for them and SOON.
EDIT:
I have been corrected here by
slovak-folk-costumes
(Thank you kind sir/madam)
I was incorrect in saying that they had “…NEVER ONCE before directly apologized to anyone for their brash and harmful actions".
In ‘On The Run' Pearl apologized to Amethyst, even adding “I hope you can forgive me”. And in 'Space Race' they say to Steven “I'm so sorry, I almost got us killed!”
My mistake. I think I'd just forgotten about those and posted this before fact checking myself (it was late for me). Though I do still stand by that this could have still been a tell for Pearl, if not them confiding in Amethyst at the end of the episode. As well as the apology setting off the fight with Sapphire and Ruby.
~Now back to a regularly scheduled programming!~
Now onto Garnet.
It may be a theory, but I feel it was this out of nowhere comment from Pearl that may have been what kicked this fight between Ruby and Sapphire into high gear.
Sapphire recognized that this might be Pearl FINALLY trying to be a better friend and say sorry, but Ruby wouldn't let it go that easily. They didn't seem the type to let Pearl give them two words and everything would be hunky dory.
And how nice it was learning about Ruby and Sapphire… Firstly, the confirmed theories, Sapphire is a cyclops (her weakness is definitely depth perception) and has the future vision. Ruby having the temper.., and what a temper indeed! Like a furious volcano burning like the sun.
While Sapphire quietly feels, concealing their pain while lost in the future and losing hold on the present.
And Steven… poor Steven caught in the middle…
All they wanted to be to help them feel better.
He's was confused and afraid. He's afraid that this might drive Garnet, Amethyst, and Pearl apart for a long time. A great divide in their family…
…afraid of what they might have done to cause it and afraid that they would never be able to fix it. Like their mother they feel everything they feel and like another of their moms, Pearl…
They blame himself…
And because of that we finally see Sapphire and Ruby express their flaws and come to terms with one another.
“I keep looking into the future when all of this has already been solved as if it doesn't matter how you feel in the present. No wonder you think I don't care.”
“I didn't want to look for a solution, I just wanted to be mad!”
And this is why their thinking as a whole makes them better TOGETHER. They cover each other's weaknesses and improve each other's strengths. They have rough edges but are perfect for one another in every way… and make amazingly dorky nicknames for one another like…
(つ°ヮ°)つ☆ Amazing!
And just as a quick side note, Greg was an AMAZING mediator in this episode. “Son, there will come a time in your life when you learn to accept all pizza.” was an underrated quote I will probably use forever.
Plans for further 80% duty on export of aircraft built by company that employs more than 4,000 people in Belfast
The US has escalated its trade dispute with Britain and Canada by announcing plans to slap a further 80% duty on the export of planes built by Bombardier.
The move follows complaints by Boeing that Canadian-owned Bombardier, which employs more than 4,000 people in Belfast, had dumped its C Series jets at “absurdly low” prices.
Bombardier is facing a planned 220% tariff as part of a separate investigation, the US Department of Commerce confirmed.
A second levy of 80% is also being applied to Bombardier's sales to the US after a preliminary finding that the jets were sold below cost price to Delta Air Lines in 2016.
Boeing claimed that 75 aircraft were sold at nearly £10.6m below cost price. Bombardier dismissed the claim as “absurd”.
The company is due to begin delivering a blockbuster order for up to 125 new jets to Atlanta-based Delta next year.
Trump clips Britain's wings as Tories put faith in free-trade deals Read more
The US commerce secretary, Wilbur Ross, said: “The United States is committed to free, fair and reciprocal trade with Canada, but this is not our idea of a properly functioning trading relationship. We will continue to verify the accuracy of this decision, while doing everything in our power to stand up for American companies and their workers.”
The US government said its intervention was prompted by concern to prevent “injurious dumping” of imports into the country, “establishing an opportunity to compete on a level playing field”.
The Department of Commerce said Bombardier had failed to provide the information it had requested.
It said: “The anti-dumping duty law provides US businesses and workers with a transparent, quasi-judicial, and internationally accepted mechanism to seek relief from the market-distorting effects caused by injurious dumping of imports into the United States.”
The US government's preliminary decision affects imports of 100 to 150 aircraft from Canada.
The department said it would instruct US Customs and Border Protection to collect cash deposits of duties.
The proposed duties would not take effect unless affirmed by the US International Trade Commission (ITC) early next year. To win its case before the ITC, Boeing must prove it was harmed by Bombardier's sales, despite not using one of its own jets to compete for the Delta order.
Bombardier said it was confident that the ITC would find Boeing had not been harmed, calling the Department of Commerce decision a case of “egregious overreach”. Delta said the decision was preliminary and it was confident the ITC “will conclude that no US manufacturer is at risk” from Bombardier's plane. Boeing has said the dispute was not an attack on Canada or Britain.
The UK prime minister, Theresa May, lobbied the US president, Donald Trump, last month over the dispute sparked by Boeing's complaints about “unfair” state subsidies from the UK and Canada. They also discussed the issue with their Canadian counterpart, Justin Trudeau.
The UK business secretary, Greg Clark, travelled to Chicago for a meeting with Boeing's chairperson, president and chief executive, Dennis Muilenburg, to try to solve the dispute.
The decision is expected to heighten trade tensions which flared last week after the US announced a preliminary duty of nearly 220% for subsidies Bombardier received, which was well above the 80% duty Boeing sought in its complaint. Unions have warned that the move could put jobs in jeopardy.
In retaliation, Canada and Britain threatened to avoid buying Boeing military equipment, saying the duties on the C Series would reduce US sales. The combined 300% duty would effectively keep the plane out of the market.
Bombardier shares dipped 2 cents to C$2.18 (£1.33) immediately after the announcement but have since recovered.
Winger to be treated after ankle injury
Ryo Miyaichi will undergo surgery on damaged ankle ligaments after an injury picked up during Wigan Athletic's FA Cup quarter final win at Goodison Park on Saturday.
The Japan international had to be stretchered from the pitch midway through the second half, after coming off the bench before the break, and scans this week revealed the extent of the injury which will require an operation to repair the ligaments.
Roberto Martinez said:
“It's a real shame that Ryo has suffered this injury after working so hard to regain their fitness following a setback earlier in the season.
“His professionalism and work ethic on a daily basis have always been superb and we'll do everything we can to help them make a speedy recovery.”
Miyaichi has made seven appearances for Latics in total this season, debuting against Nottingham Forest in the Capital One Cup back in August and making four appearances in the Barclays Premier League, two of which coming at the DW Stadium.
There are few better ways to understand the issues and mood of an American election than watching its ads. This year is no exception.
Some commentators have dubbed 2010 the nastiest campaign ever. But several attack ads - like Jack Conway's infamous "Aqua Buddha" spot which questions their rival's faith - have backfired, leaving the attacker trailing in the polls.
Overall spending on campaign ads this year is expected to exceed $3.3bn (£2.1bn), an all-time record for congressional elections. Most of this year's ads revolve around the economy and fears about joblessness, but there are many other telling themes.
Illegal immigration
Illegal immigration has been a touchy political topic in the US for some time. But with drug-related violence spiking in Mexico, anti-immigration forces have stepped up their rhetoric.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption David Vitter's illegal immigration ad was condemned by Hispanic groups
Candidates in border states are particularly vulnerable to accusations of being weak on illegal immigration and border security. John McCain, once a leading voice for immigration reform, produced a widely-aired ad picturing them walking along the border with a law enforcement official and urging congress to "build the danged fence!"
In Alabama, Republican Tim James played on immigration fears in an ad where they said that if they became Governor, they would ban the practice of giving driver's licence tests in other languages.
"This is Alabama. We speak English. If you want to live here, learn it," they say. But Mr James failed to win the Republican nomination.
In Louisiana, incumbent Senator David Vitter has managed to divert discussions about their involvement in the DC Madam prostitution scandal, in part by turning the conversation to immigration.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Sharron Angle attacked Harry Reid over immigration
They ran a racially charged ad attacking their opponent, Congressman Charlie Melancon over illegal immigration. It features a group of shady, Mexican-looking men sneaking across the border and being met by white Americans bearing a giant cheque payable to "illegals" and a sign saying "Charlie Melancon welcomes you to the USA!"
The ad was condemned by Hispanic groups and bloggers.
Sharron Angle, the Tea Party-backed candidate challenging Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has run similarly garish immigration ads, but in heavily Hispanic Nevada, they may have hurt them as much as they helped.
Both Ms Angle's ad and Mr Vitter's misrepresent the voting records of their opponents.
Fighting the last battle
Democrats started out this campaign season hoping voters would remember that President George W Bush was in charge when the US economy tanked in 2008.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Joe Sestak's ad may be the only campaign ad to have included a dog's business
But voters seem increasingly immune to references to the previous commander in chief. The country's economic woes are now laid squarely at Barack Obama's feet.
A few Democratic candidates have persisted, though, like Pennsylvania Senate candidate, Congressman Joe Sestak. After being attacked for voting for the Obama stimulus package, Mr Sestak ran an ad where they liken the early actions of the Obama administration in bailing out the economy to cleaning up after their puppy Belle. In other words, Mr Sestak and Mr Obama were cleaning up Mr Bush's mess.
It's hard to know if the ad had any effect, but it certainly got people talking about Mr Sestak, which may help explain their last-minute surge in the polls, though they remain the underdog.
Healthcare reform
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Scott Murphy's advert attacks their rival on healthcare
When the process of reforming healthcare started in the early days of the Obama administration, some strategists believed that, come mid-terms, Democrats would broadcast ads trumpeting the successful passage of reform.
Instead, Democrats are giving a wide berth to "Obamacare", as conservatives have dubbed the bill. While Republicans attack the health plan and make campaign promises to repeal it, most Democrats remain mum on the subject.
But at least one brave Democrat has embraced "Obamacare". Scott Murphy, who is campaigning in New York, is running the sort of pro-health care ad Mr Obama probably dreams of.
Running against President Obama
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Ben Quayle promises to 'knock the hell' out of Washington
Mr Obama's approval ratings have plummeted since they took office. Republicans have worked hard to make the election a referendum on the president's increasingly unpopular policies.
Few have been as bold in their criticisms, though, as Ben Quayle, son of former Vice-President Dan Quayle. In one campaign ad, Mr Quayle solemnly declared "Barack Obama is the worst president in history" and promised to "knock the hell" out of Washington.
However, having a different Democratic president - Bill Clinton - on your side appears to be a good thing this year.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Meg Whitman uses archive footage of Bill Clinton in their ad to attack rival Jerry Brown
Mr Clinton has been asked to campaign for Democrats across the country, and polls indicate that support from them does more to boost a candidate's prospects than support from the current president.
But one cheeky Republican is using Mr Clinton's resurgent popularity to hurt a Democrat.
Former eBay CEO Meg Whitman, who has carpet-bombed California's airwaves with more than $100m (£62m) worth of ads, is using clips from a 1992 presidential debate, when President Clinton attacked their then-opponent Jerry Brown - who is now running against Mrs Whitman for California's governorship.
Anti-incumbency vibe
"Washington is broken" is possibly the most common refrain of 2010's election season. Politicians across the country are seeking to distance themselves from the nation's capital and "politics as usual".
That makes being an incumbent difficult. And it makes being the leader of the Senate almost a poisoned chalice - just ask Harry Reid.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Republican-funded mid-term ad points out that Harry Reid lives at the Ritz Carlton when in DC
Mr Reid is locked in a tight race with Tea Party-backed Sharron Angle. Although Mrs Angle has made numerous campaign mistakes - including telling a group of Hispanic students they looked like Asians to them - ads tying Mr Reid to the "corrupt" political culture of DC have been brutally effective, creating a contest full of suspense.
In a powerful attack ad on Mr Reid, Republicans point out that while in DC they reside at the opulent Ritz Carlton hotel.
One of the most aggressive anti-incumbency ads, though, is being aired by a Democrat. Joe Manchin, the West Virginian governor running for their state's open Senate seat, literally loads up their gun and shoots a bullet through a climate change bill.
Viral ads
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Carly Fiorina's 'demon sheep' attack ad went viral
Republican advertising guru Fred Davis, of communications firm Strategic Perception, adheres to a philosophy that the best political ads get people talking. And Mr Davis's ads certainly sparked chatter this year.
In 2008, they were responsible for the "Celebrity" ad, which juxtaposed Mr Obama with images of starlets like Britney Spears, while a breathy announcer intoned "he's the biggest celebrity in the world".
This year, Mr Davis created two of the most-discussed ads. The first involved a "demon sheep" - the primary opponent of California Republican senate candidate Carly Fiorina is pictured as a phoney, red-eyed wolf dressed up in sheep's clothing.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Christine O'Donnell tells voters they are not a witch, rather "I'm you"
The second opened with the unforgettable phrase: "I'm not a witch". Delaware Republican senate candidate Christine O'Donnell tackles their widely pilloried admission that they had "dabbled" in witchcraft at college by looking straight at the camera and declaring that far from being a witch, they are just like the average voter.
Demon Sheep was not shown on television, but it has been viewed more than 500,000 times on YouTube.
Still, ad-related chatter doesn't necessarily translate into votes. Mr McCain's presidential bid failed, despite the success of the Celebrity ad. And both Ms Fiorina and Ms O'Donnell trail their opponents in the polls.
The period of calm has allowed the Afghan Army in Helmand a rare breather to train and rebuild a force that took a bad beating last year. With men dying at alarming rates and outposts overrun easily, the 215th Afghan Army Corps was forced to abandon certain districts, bringing what remained of the troops to the headquarters for collective retraining.
The American-led NATO mission in Afghanistan, which has officially shifted to a limited role of training and assisting the Afghan forces, has said that overall training lagged behind because of the relentless tempo of fighting last year. The army was forced to turn out raw recruits simply to fill the gap caused by casualties and desertion. Now, Afghan military officials and NATO advisers say they are trying to refocus on quality, better logistics and cooperation at the large-unit level.
During the monthlong harvest season in Helmand, the Taliban have better things to do than fight: They profit in multiple ways from the lush opium fields.
Their fighters often lay down their weapons to work as day laborers, farmers say. They also collect the opium tax they impose on the local level, as well as stick around for the additional 10 percent Islamic tax on farm produce, called ushr. Those proceeds are supposed to go to the needy, but often end up going to the Taliban.
Above all, the harvest season becomes a Taliban recruitment drive, with thousands of men coming in from all over the country who are already frustrated with their lack of job opportunities.
“The poppy harvest is a good time for the Taliban to interact with new faces — the best time for new recruitment,” said Bashir Ahmad Shakir, the head of security committee at the Helmand provincial council.
Abdul Jabar Qahraman, the Afghan government's representative in charge of the fighting in Helmand, said the Taliban were campaigning “24-7” to recruit from the pool of 15,000 laborers, mostly jobless young people, who arrived in Helmand for the harvest season. They said the government arrested some 700 of the laborers to disrupt the harvesting, but the men were released a few days later except for a small number suspected of being Taliban members.
Universal's “ Fifty Shades of Grey ” has launched with a sizzling $8.6 million at 2,830 North American locations in Thursday night showings that started at 8 p.m.The tale of romance mixed with Bdsm set several records, becoming Universal's highest-grossing latenight show ever, eclipsing the $6.5 million set by “ Fast and Furious 6.”It's also the second-highest grossing R-rated latenight opening behind “The Hangover 2″ at $10.4 million and the highest latenight showing for a film in February. Jamie Dornan and Dakota Johnson star in “Fifty Shades,” which expands to 3,646 theaters in North America over the Presidents Day weekend — which includes Valentine's Day on Saturday.Universal has forecasted that “Fifty Shades,” based on E.L. James ' massively popular novel, will wind up with a four-day launch topping $50 million over the four days. But that's at the low end of expectations, with other analysts and rivals predicting a debut in the $70 million-$80 million range.
Paul Seedsman is in line to return to the Crows team
Line-breaking midfielders Paul Seedsman and David Mackay are among five inclusions in Adelaide's extended squad to play Essendon on Sunday.
The squad of 25 also includes impressive first-year Crow Wayne Milera Junior and prospective debutants Reilly O'Brien and Harrison Wigg.
The team for Sunday's match will be finalised on afc.com.au at 4:30pm (local time) on Friday.
Read AFL Media's preview of Adelaide's clash with the Bombers
A promising ruckman, O'Brien was elevated from Adelaide's rookie list last week and named as an emergency for the game against Geelong.
Second-year midfielder Wigg, who was the Club's best in the SANFL loss to Woodville-West Torrens last weekend, has been an emergency several times. Milera will be hoping for a recall following an impressive start to their debut AFL season.
Taylor Walker (ankle) and half-back Ricky Henderson (Achilles) are the confirmed omissions.
Walker and Henderson pulled up sore after Saturday night's loss to Geelong. The Club is optimistic both players will only miss one match. Defender Daniel Talia has recovered from a corked hip and will take their place in the team.
Tickets for the twilight clash are still available, including reserved seats, general admission and guest passes. Kids under 15 get in for free with the purchase of any other general admission ticket as part of the Club's ‘Sunday Funday' celebrations.
The game starts at 4:10pm with gates opening at 1:15pm (local time). Get to Adelaide Oval early to watch the SA country team take on WA from 1.20pm.
If you can, please support the Salvation Army's Kids Clothes for a Cause drive by bringing unwanted good quality kids clothing to the game to help those in need across SA. Collection bins will be at all gates. Full game day guide
The AFL Crows squad will have an open training session at Adelaide Oval from approximately 9:15am on Saturday, July 30. The light session will run up to 45 minutes.
Adelaide's SANFL side takes on the Port Magpies at Alberton at 1:40pm on Sunday. The team will be bolstered by the returns of three players from injury. Ticketed Crows members receive free entry to the Club's State League games upon presentation of their 2016 membership card.
The squad of 25 is:
IN – David Mackay, Wayne Milera Junior, Reilly O'Brien, Paul Seedsman, Harrison Wigg
OUT – Ricky Henderson (Achilles), Taylor Walker (ankle)
SCO Group's long-standing legal battles over its claimed Unix copyrights may finally end with US bankruptcy court forcing a Chapter 7 cyanide capsule down the company's throat.
On Tuesday, the trustee appointed by the federal bankruptcy court in Delaware asked for permission to dissolve the ailing shell-of-a-software-company and pawn off its assets.
Trustee Roberta DeAngelis told the presiding judge in a filing that that SCO has "no reasonable change of rehabilitation," adding the company has "tried — and failed — to liquidate their business in chapter 11."
In September 2007, SCO filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection, which shields the company from creditors while it reorganizes the biz. Forcing the firm into Chapter 7 would require an appointed independent trustee to sell all of SCO's assets and distribute the proceeds to its creditors.
"We are reviewing the motion with counsel and will have a detailed response for the court in due course," SCO told El Reg in an e-mailed statement. "We plan to oppose the motion and present our own suggested course of action to the court."
The bankruptcy judge now has three options. They can approve Chapter 7, accept a SCO survival plan under Chapter 11 if it somehow scrounges up the money to pay off its debts, or dismiss the bankruptcy protection plea completely. That decision is likely to come during a hearing set for June 12.
SCO's mess began about a decade ago, when Novell sold Unix trademarks and other assets to the firm. SCO assumed that deal included copyrights to Unix code,and the company used this claim to force Sun Microsystems and Microsoft into licensing agreements. It then sued IBM in 2003, claiming the computer giant was using the allegedly copyrighted technology in its Linux kernel.
A year later, SCO filed a slander of action lawsuit against Novell after the company said it still, in fact, owned the disputed Unix copyrights in SCO's case against IBM. After three years of legal battling, a US district judge in Delaware ruled in Novell's favor and ordered SCO to pay nearly $2.5m in royalties to Novell for unjust enrichment.
SCO filed for bankruptcy about one month after the court's initial ruling. The company is hoping to overturn the decision on appeal.
A copy of motion for chapter 7 is available here (PDF) ®
General Petraeus: “Burn A Koran” Day A Threat To U.S. Troops
The plan by one fringe church in Gainesville, Florida to burn copies of the Koran on September 11th is igniting fires of protest across the Muslim world.
Doug Mataconis · · 63 comments
General David Petraeus has issued a strong condemnation of the plans by a fringe church in Florida to burn copies of the Koran on September 11th and calls it a threat to the safety of American troops in Afghanistan:
KABUL—The top U.S. commander in Afghanistan said the planned burning of Qurans on Sept. 11 by a Florida church could put the lives of American troops in danger and damage the war effort. Gen. David Petraeus said the Taliban would exploit the demonstration for propaganda purposes, drumming up anger toward the U.S. and making it harder for allied troops to carry out their mission of protecting Afghan civilians. “It could endanger troops and it could endanger the overall effort,” Gen. Petraeus said in an interview with The Wall Street Journal. “It is precisely the kind of action the Taliban uses and could cause significant problems. Not just here, but everywhere in the world we are engaged with the Islamic community.”
Petraeus made these statements in the wake of protests in Afghanistan and elsewhere by Muslims who don't seem to understand that this Church in Florida does not represent the United States as a whole:
KABUL, Afghanistan (AP) — Hundreds of Afghans railed against the United States and called for President Barack Obama's death at a rally in the capital Monday to denounce an American church's plans to burn the Islamic holy book on Sept. 11. The crowd in Kabul, numbering as many as 500, chanted “Long live Islam” and “Death to America” as they listened to fiery speeches from members of parliament, provincial council deputies, and Islamic clerics who criticized the U.S. and demanded the withdrawal of foreign troops from the country. Some threw rocks when a U.S. military convoy passed, but speakers shouted at them to stop and told police to arrest anyone who disobeyed. The Gainesville, Florida-based Dove World Outreach Center announced plans to burn copies of the Quran on church grounds to mark the ninth anniversary of the 9/11 terrorist attacks, but has been denied a permit to set a bonfire. The church, which made headlines last year after distributing T-shirts that said “Islam is of the Devil,” has vowed to proceed with the burning. “We know this is not just the decision of a church. It is the decision of the president and the entire United States,” said Abdul Shakoor, an 18-year-old high school student who said they joined the protest after hearing neighborhood gossip about the Quran burning. The U.S. Embassy in Kabul issued a statement condemning Dove World Outreach Center's plans, saying Washington was “deeply concerned about deliberate attempts to offend members of religious or ethnic groups.”
There were similar protests in Indonesia, where the pull of radical Islam is not nearly as strong as it is in the Middle East:
Jakarta, Indonesia — Thousands of Indonesians gathered Sunday outside the U.S. Embassy in Jakarta to protest a Florida church's plan to burn copies of the Quran. The Dove World Outreach Center in Gainsville, Florida, plans to mark the ninth anniversary of the September 11 attacks by burning copies of the Muslim holy text. The center describes itself as a “New Testament church based on the Bible.” It made headlines last year when it distributed a T-shirt that said, “Islam is the devil.” Protesters in Jakarta carried signs saying, “Jihad to protect Koran” and “You burn qu'ran you burn in hell.” The protesters included members of the hard-line Muslim group Hizb ut-Tahrir Indonesia and the pluralism care movement, a multi-faith group. “We hope that the U.S. government to stop this plan. We represent Muslim, Christians and other religions who all wants to avoid any clashes as a result,” Damien Dematra, the coordinator for the pluralism care movement, said in a news statement.
Of course, there isn't anything the U.S. Government either can or should do to stop this Church from engaging in this activity. As distasteful as their actions are, they are protected speech and the idea of the state taking legal action because someone does something offensive to another religion is a concept that is simply alien to contemporary Americans.
The problem I see is that I don't think the people protesting what this church is doing quite understand that. For the most part, nations like Afghanistan and Indonesia don't have a concept of Freedom of Speech, or Freedom of Religion, that is anything like what we have in the United States. In many cases, the distinction between religion and state is one without a difference, much in the same way that the Church and State were nearly one in many European kingdoms prior to the Reformation.When the U.S. Embassy issues a statement condemning the action but the U.S. Government takes no steps to stop the even from occurring, I'm sure it sounds like hypocrisy to people who live in a world like this. Not to mention the fact that this is precisely the kind of event that groups like al Qaeda and the Taliban exploit to convince people that the United States is in fact at war with all of Islam.
I'm not sure what the answer to this dilemma is. In the best of all worlds, the Dove World Outreach Center would realize that what they plan to do is counterproductive and decide to cancel it on their own. If they don't, however, then I'm not sure what the United States can to do convince the people taking part in these protests that they don't represent all of America.
Hello from I-5, somewhere north of Oakland, California!
The campaign crossed the half-million dollar mark today! You are wonderful, wonderful people. Thank you so much for believing in us and backing us! Now that we've buttered you up just a little bit, we could really use your help. We have about 72 hours left in the campaign. If you have friends or coworkers who type, please tell them about the Model 01 and the Kickstarter campaign. The more keyboards we can order as part of our first production run, the better we can make them.
Yesterday morning, we woke up in Bellingham, Washington and set out for the last hackerspace on our 22 city, 30+ stop trip: ADX in Portland, Oregon. Traffic was heavier than expected and we made it to Portland with only a few minutes to spare. We used those minutes to stop by Nong's Khao Man Gai for a quick meal of their crack-like chicken and rice.
The meetup; Kurt (black shirt) and Zane (grey and red plumage); Thursday with Model 00 and Jesse
Ten minutes later, we were setting up tables and chairs in ADX's loading bay. As we were getting keyboards put out, Thursday showed up. Thursday, a professional writer, was one of our earliest beta testers of the Model 00. Seeing their walk in holding their keyboard brought a smile to our faces. If you've been following us for a while, you might remember Thursday as the beta tester whose biggest complaint with the Model 00 was that they kept wearing through the Sharpied-on key labels on their keyboard. Thursday's also the person who was approached by a stranger in a cafe and offered a baby in trade for their Model 00. (She declined.)
Upholstery lab, Piano, Safety-conscious shop dog, Merch from a few of the 100+ companies that have manufactured at ADX
Like many other makerspaces we've seen over the past four weeks, ADX keep the lights on by mixing commercial fabrication services with a membership model that gives you access to shared shop space and discounts on classes, and a rented space model selling studio space to local makers. One of the rented spaces that particularly stood out is a local nonprofit that teaches disadvantaged kids to build boats from scratch. They even get school credit for it. (It's a pretty credible applied geometry class.) ADX also has a new craft space with silkscreening, sewing and a few other things. You can get a limited membership that grants you access just to the craft space if that's what you're looking for.
Center: ADX logo on a silkscreen; Clockwise from UR: shipping container made into a grinding room; Wood shop; totally metal signage; art by Charlie Haughie with a custom wood-router
One clever business model hack is that, while folks can walk in off the street and take classes, the non-member price for a class is actually more expensive than the members-only price of a class plus a one month membership.
Shop signage at ADX
Somewhat unsurprisingly, one of the things we liked about ADX was their documentation. At most of the major stations around ADX, giant "We have" and "You Bring" lists spell out just what you need to be able to make good use of their facilities. Inside the workshops, a one-page laminated card was affixed to every major tool. The card described the tool, regular usage and standard cleanup instructions. They were less comprehensive than the binders Maker Works in Ann Arbor showed us, but they put the most important front and center where it was hard to ignore.
The other day, we wrote about the changes to the keycaps and key placement we're planning to make before the Model 01 goes to production. There are a few things we know we'll be changing about the rest of the Model 01's design, too:
The outline of the keys doesn't do a good job of matching the overall butterfly shape of the Model 01. By cleaning up some of the shapes, we'll be able to make the Model 01 look nicer and be a little bit more sturdy, too.
The widest part of the keys is the narrowest part of the enclosure. With just a little bit of tweaking, we should be able to make the whole keyboard about an inch narrower without making things feel cramped. This will make the whole keyboard lighter and easier to manufacture. It'll have the added benefit of letting you use a 13 inch MacBook case to transport your Model 01. (There are a lot of manufacturers of quality 13" Macbook sleeves, from the inexpensive and practical to the overpriced but absolutely adorable.)
The center bars we're using for the current Model 01 prototypes are...not so hot. The current design for the center bars was an attempt to make a 'cost-reduced' version of an earlier design. And indeed, it's much, much cheaper. Sadly, it's also notoriously temperamental. So, we'll be replacing it with something better. The replacement will still give you the option of using the Model 01 in a flat configuration or a tented configuration. We're working on a design that would also be relatively easy for you to replicate or modify at home if you wanted a different sort of center bar.
As we've mentioned before, we aren't yet happy with any of the designs we've come up with for the feet for the two halves of the keyboard. When we ship, the Model 01's feet will let you tent the keyboard when the two halves of the keyboard are disconnected and will let you tilt the keyboard either toward or away from you.
We're hoping to shoehorn in a 1/4-20 tripod mount in the center of each half of the keyboard.
Right now, the aluminum plate on the bottom of each half of the keyboard is sized to cover the entire bottom of the keyboard. We're going to experiment with reducing the size of that plate. That'll make the Model 01 a bit of lighter and will also make it easier for you (or us) to build new enclosure shapes for the Model 01 without replacing any of the metal parts of the keyboard.
Inside the Model 01, we currently use a two circuit board "sandwich" to position the LEDs right under each key. Switching to a single circuit board will be lighter, more reliable and less expensive. We think we know how to do it, but we'll need to try it before we commit to changing it.
The LEDs we've been using on the prototypes, WS2812Bs, are pretty standard in the maker world, but we've had a couple very knowledgable friends recommend some options that may do a better job. We'll be taking a long, hard look at the APA102, as well as a few other options.
The circuit board for the left half of the Model 01 breaks out a few of the most common pins on the ATmega32U4 a hardware hacker might want access to. We're working to get you access to all the pins you'd have on a regular Arduino.
There will undoubtably be other changes we make to the Model 01 as we go through the 'design for manufacturing' process.
If you missed us in Portland, we'll be back in just over a week for the OSCON hardware showcase. The hardware showcase runs in the conference's expo hall. You can register for a free expo-only conference badge using the discount code 'PCEXPOPLUS'
Over the past two days, we've driven 894 miles, bringing us up to 8352 miles since we set out from Boston.
As of 6PM on July 12th, a total 1620 of you have backed us to the tune of 1611 keyboards and $501,217. As of today, we'll need to order 103,104 keyswitches and 103,104 LEDs to make your keyboards.
What we're listening to: Bossypants, written and read by Tina Fey. (Thanks for the recommendation, Chris Swenson!)
Tonight, we're back home in Oakland.
On Monday evening, we're at Eventbrite in San Francisco. To get in, you need to RSVP in advance. (We won't be serving food, but there are tons of restaurants nearby.)
On Wednesday, we're biting our nails as the campaign ends.
On Thursday, we're sleeping in.
<3 j+k
Feb 26, 2019
Chef's Herb Crusted Rack of Lamb
Acclaimed Flatbush chef Zevi Weisz presents their crusted rack of lamb recipe in the Kettle & Cord kitchen. Video
Advertisement NEW BUNGALOW COLONY
New bungalow colony set to open in the Loch Sheldrake area of the town of Fallsburg in Sullivan County, New York.
Only 48 units
2 Sizes available $240,000 and $250,000
Options for self-financing
• Lake view units available.
• Financing available
• $50k down and move in (Private Financing)
• Only 48 units in this project .
• Very large shul and day camp space.
Each unit covers 2250 square feet, 4 bedrooms, a living room, a dining room near the kitchen, 3 restrooms, a laundry room, 2 private parking spaces and decks in the front and back.
Read more here.
Evergreen Circle, 1 Inner Circle Road, Loch Sheldrake, NY.
For more information, email:
evergreencircle1@gmail.com
- advertise here
Feb 26, 2019
Raffle Will Cover Dream Wedding
COMMUNICATED CONTENT What if your wedding was free? A fund is raffling off the chance to win a complete wedding-package or $50,000 cash.
Full Story
Feb 26, 2019
Raising $1M for Young Father
A young father is about to undergo a quadruple amputation. Help raise $1 million dollars to put Rabbi Aron 'Arele' Oster on the path to their new life and provide them with mobility. Full Story, Video
Advertisement Registration for United Lubavitch Yeshiva - Ocean Parkway is now open!
Enrollment is open for Preschool, PRE1A 1st & 2nd grade.
APPLY - Click Here
Preschool - Click Here
-2 classes - ages 3 and 4
-Spacious indoor and outdoor play areas
-Small class size
-Experienced teachers
-Warm, caring and safe environment
-Multidisciplinary curriculum
Elementary - Click Here
- Chassidisher Chinuch
- Caring Melamdim
- Team based subject expert melamdim
- Individual attention
- 18 talmidim maximum per class
- Innovative mastery based curriculum
- Personal growth plan
www.ulyop.com
- advertise here
Feb 26, 2019
Picture of the Day
The Rebbe's secretary Rabbi Leibel Groner does their civic duty and votes in the NY special election for Public Advocate. Photos
Advertisement High Paying Teaching Positions Immediate positions available to teach reading, and math to small groups in Williamsburg Chassidic Boys Yeshivas from 3pm to 6pm, Mon - Thurs. College or Yeshiva Degree Required.
Email Resume to Jobs@Higherschool.com or call 718-682-0652 leave a message.
- advertise here
Feb 26, 2019
Women Worldwide Unite for Geula
Tonight: Women will gather to learn in the zechus of 3 babies in need of a refuah shelaima, followed by an event to unite through music and dance at Lubavitch Yeshiva. Full Story
Feb 26, 2019
Long Beach Chabad to Begin Torah
The writing of a new Torah will be commenced Sunday at Chabad of the Beaches in Long Beach, NY, led by Shluchim Rabbi Eli and Beila Goodman. Full Story
Feb 26, 2019
Benefits for HealthShare Members
COMMUNICATED CONTENT Members of the first and only Jewish healthcare sharing organization are enjoying video conferencing and other technologies. Full Story
Feb 26, 2019
Swastikas Found at a Playground
Nazi symbols of hate have been found at a Queens schoolyard, days after the same thing happened in Brooklyn. Video
Feb 26, 2019
Picture of the Day
The night before election day, New York City candidate for Public Advocate Eric Ulrich visited the Rebbe's Ohel in Queens to pray for a blessing. Photos
Feb 26, 2019
L'Chaim: Shuchat - Katz
Photos: Shmuel Amit/COLlive The L'Chaim of Kalman Shuchat of Toronto, Canada and Hindy Katz of Boro Park, NY took place at Lubavitch Yeshiva Hall in Crown Heights. Photos
Feb 26, 2019
How Can We Love Everyone?
Weekly Parsha class by Florida Shliach Rabbi Yitzchok Minkowicz: Answering the question, "How can we love everyone?" Based on the last Farbrengen with the Rebbe. Video
Feb 26, 2019
London Yeshiva Present 'Sukkah'
Kitah Daled of Lubavitch Boys Primary School in London, proudly presented at a Sukkah Fair displaying their knowledge of Meseches Sukkah. Full Story
Feb 25, 2019
Chabad Rabbi Speaks at TEDx
Watch: Chabad Rabbi Yaakov Glasman delivered a TEDx talk in Melbourne, Australia, on finding meaning in a science-driven world. Video
Feb 25, 2019
Argentina Rabbi Attacked at Home
Argentina's Chief Rabbi Gabriel Davidovich was severely beaten in their home in Buenos Aires on Monday and has “serious injuries.” Full Story
Feb 25, 2019
Soul II Soul Was An Hit Concert
Photos: Baruch Ezagui/COLlive The Soul II Soul concert was a smash hit as 8th Day, Oif Simchas led by Yishai Lapidot, and Eli Marcus sang their greatest hits. Full Story, Photos, Video
Feb 25, 2019
Supporters Meet at VIP Party
Photos: Baruch Ezagui Supporters of the Soul II Soul concert enjoyed a VIP party before the show, meeting the show's performers Eighth Day, Yishai Lapidot and the Oif Simchas band, and Eli Marcus. Photos
Feb 25, 2019
Sisters of the Bride Mourn
COMMUNICATED CONTENT Esti Biderman is engaged to be married in a few weeks but is torn about leaving their orphaned siblings behind. Full Story
Feb 25, 2019
Candidate Walks Down Kingston
Photos: Shmuel Amit/COLlive New York City candidate for Public Advocate Eric Ulrich walked the streets of Crown Heights ahead of election day to meet neighborhood residents. Full Story, Photos
Feb 25, 2019
Pop-Up Restaurant in California
A kosher pop-up restaurant in California is being staffed by adults with special needs as an opportunity to learn life-skills.
Full Story, Video
Feb 25, 2019
Teacher, Students Rap For Purim
Veteran teacher and musician Rabbi Tuvia Bolton raps in English about the Purim miracle story with the help of their students. Video
Feb 25, 2019
Melbourne N'shei Joins Luncheon
100 women gathered for N'shei Chabad of Melbourne's first fundraising Ladies Luncheon honoring Rebbetzin Devorah Groner obm. Full Story
Feb 25, 2019
Give Boys a Chance with Chancex12
COMMUNICATED CONTENT In its first-of-a-kind raffle, ChanceX12, Mesivta Shaarei Adirim is offering participants a chance to win $10,000 – each month. Full Story
Feb 25, 2019
Fire in Kfar Chabad Yeshiva Dorm
A fire broke out in the dormitory of the Kfar Chabad Yeshiva because of a heater that fell on a mattress; no people were injured. Full Story, Video
Feb 25, 2019
Leftist Group Protests at Chabad
The leftist Jewish group "If Not Now" protested on Shabbos morning at Chabad at the University of Texas for hosting an IDF soldier. Full Story
Feb 25, 2019
L'Chaim: Naparstek - Stolik
Photos: Shmuel Amit/COLlive The L'Chaim of Mendy Naparstek of Sao Palo, Brazil and Mina Stolik of Coral Gables, Florida took place at Lubavitch Yeshiva Hall in Crown Heights. Photos
Feb 25, 2019
The Dark Side Of Credit Card Points
Beware of scams: A scheme allowing others to charge your credit card to amass points have left dozens in debt for $18 million. Full Story
Feb 24, 2019
Eric Ulrich Receives Endorsement
Photos: Shmuel Amit/COLlive NYC Councilman Eric Ulrich, running for Public Advocate, received support of Crown Heights residents after a meet and greet. Full Story, Photos
Feb 24, 2019
No Application Fee For This 'Sem'
While girls wait for acceptance letters for Chabad seminaries, there's another option that cost a small fraction of the price.
Full Story, Video
Peru‘s Sacred Valley offers some of the most astonishing views in the world. The Natura Vive Skylodge is made up of three transparent capsules hanging from a cliff in Peru‘s Sacred Valley. Brave travelers can spend the night dangling precariously, 120 meters over the heartland of the Inca Empire. The Skylodge is composed of three suites, made from clear aerospace aluminum and weather-resistant polycarbonate. At 24 feet long and 8 feet both high and wide, each suite can sleep eight and includes four beds, a dining area, and a private bathroom. Moreover, they're eco-friendly, with solar-powered lamps and reading lights, plus a dry ecological toilet and sink. In order to plan your next vacation, book a pod here, starting at about $290 a night.
Source: http://www.dailymail.co.uk/
Images: http://www.naturavive.com/
0
Tuesday evening's TV ratings are in. Here's a brief look at the highlights:
Despite game-changing events that tied into Captain America: The Winter Soldier , last night's episode of Marvel's Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. fell three tenths to a new series low 1.7 rating in the 18-49 demo and scored 4.91 million viewers. Read Evan's recap here.
, last night's episode of fell three tenths to a new series low 1.7 rating in the 18-49 demo and scored 4.91 million viewers. Read Evan's recap here. Elsewhere on ABC, The Goldbergs dipped a tenth to a series low 1.4 rating and 4.3 million viewers, while new comedy Trophy Wife dropped two tenths to a 0.8 rating and scored 2.55 million viewers.
Hit the jump for the rest of the TV ratings report for Tuesday, April 8th, including The Mindy Project, About a Boy, and more.
FOX
Back-to-back episodes of The Mindy Project failed to rebound significantly after the show returned last week from an extended hiatus. The first episode earned a 1.0 rating and 2.27 million viewers and the second garnered a 1.1 rating and 2.36 million viewers, even and up one tenth, respectively.
Back-to-back episodes of failed to rebound significantly after the show returned last week from an extended hiatus. The first episode earned a 1.0 rating and 2.27 million viewers and the second garnered a 1.1 rating and 2.36 million viewers, even and up one tenth, respectively. Glee ticked up a tenth from last week's series low to a 1.0 rating and scored 2.79 million viewers. It's already been renewed for a fifth and final season, though Fox recently cut the order to 20 episodes.
CBS
NCIS was the highest rated and most watched scripted program of the night with a 2.6 rating and 17.18 million viewers, rising two tenths from last week.
was the highest rated and most watched scripted program of the night with a 2.6 rating and 17.18 million viewers, rising two tenths from last week. NCIS: Los Angeles dipped a tenth to a 2.3 rating and scored 14.37 million viewers.
NBC
Filmmaker Oliver Stone has responded to the sexual harassment allegations actor Melissa Gilbert made against him. During an interview with Andy Cohen yesterday on their satellite radio show, Gilbert said Stone had put them through a “humiliating and horrid” audition process for their 1991 movie The Doors.
Stone said today it was clear what kind of film Gilbert was auditioning for and insisted there was “a safe environment for all actors who auditioned.”
“We auditioned dozens of actors for roles in The Doors and it was made clear from the outset that our film was going to be a raunchy, no-holds-barred rock ‘n' roll movie,” Stone said in a statement sent to Deadline. “Anyone auditions was told the scenes would be rehearsed and performed from a script, with my casting director, Risa Bramon Garcia, present throughout the process to ensure a safe environment for all actors who auditioned.”
Garcia added a statement of their own: “The auditions process for The Doors was challenging given the nature of the material and the subject of the film. However, every actor who auditioned came in voluntarily and was aware of the provocative material prior to engaging in their scenes.”
Garcia added, “No actor was forced or expected to do anything that might have been uncomfortable, and most actors embraced the challenge, recognizing Oliver Stone's vision and the creative process. In my experience, there was no attempt to personally offend any particular actor. I always have and still do go out of my way to create a safe and creative space for actors in the audition room. It was no different on The Doors.”
Gilbert's audition was for Meg Ryan's character in the musical biopic starring Val Kilmer as Jim Morrison. They claim Stone wrote an audition scene especially for Gilbert that had them on their hands and knees saying, “Do me, baby.” They said Stone asked them to stage it and that they refused, and left the audition crying.
They claimed they humiliated them in the audition because they had “embarrassed them in a social situation.”
Although the premier's visit to Pearl Harbor was in the planning stages even before the American presidential election, Donald J. Trump's win scared Japanese leaders because they had spent time on the campaign trail castigating Japan for not paying enough for its own defense. And when Mr. Obama made a visit to Hiroshima in May, Mr. Trump posted on Twitter: “Does President Obama ever discuss the sneak attack on Pearl Harbor while he's in Japan? Thousands of American lives lost.”
Mr. Abe is not the first sitting prime minister to visit the Pearl Harbor memorial (Prime Minister Shigeru Yoshida apparently visited the memorial during a stop in Hawaii in 1951), but they will be the first to participate in a public ceremony there.
 They are not expected to apologize for the attacks, much as Mr. Obama did not apologize for the atomic bombing of Hiroshima. Instead, Mr. Abe will most likely repeat the repentance and condolences they offered in April 2015 when they addressed Congress.
Although it was 75 years in the making, Mr. Abe's trip to Pearl Harbor is in some ways the easiest gesture of reconciliation that Japan could make as it confronts its wartime past.
Asia has long been plagued by an inability among the war's combatants to move beyond its events and enmities. South Korea and China remain angered by what they see as Japanese efforts to ignore or sugarcoat atrocities. By contrast, the relationship between Japan and the United States long ago overcame such difficulties.
“I think that's because the United States was a good winner and Japan was a good loser,” said Tamaki Tsukada, a spokesperson at the Japanese Embassy in Washington. “The United States was magnanimous after defeating Japan. It did not impose harsh terms. If anything, the U.S. provided very generous support, humanitarian and economic.” The Japanese accepted the American postwar occupation peacefully.
Even in the United States, where “Remember Pearl Harbor” was once a rallying cry, the sense of outrage about what was viewed as a sneaky and disreputable attack has largely dissipated, said Daniel Martinez, the chief historian at the Pearl Harbor memorial. Part of that is time, and also sympathetic popular culture portrayals of Japanese attackers in movies like “Tora! Tora! Tora!” and “Pearl Harbor,” Mr. Martinez said.
A dozen “laser walls” have been made operational along the India-Pakistan International Border in Punjab to plug the porous riverine and treacherous terrain and keep an effective vigil against intruders and terrorists exploiting the frontier areas to cross over.
Advertising
While eight infra-red and laser beam intrusion detection systems are “up and working” along as many vulnerable and sensitive areas of the international border (IB) in Punjab, four more will be operationalised in the next few days, a senior BSF official said.
The “laser walls” or fence are being monitored by Border Security Force (BSF) which guards the Indo-Pak IB in Jammu and Kashmir, Punjab, Rajasthan and Gujarat.
The decision to install these laser walls was taken by BSF two years ago keeping in mind the vulnerability of the border in these areas as barbed wire fencing could not be installed in many infiltration prone areas due to treacherous terrain or marshy riverine topography.
[related-post]
After the Pathankot terror attack, where it was suspected that terrorists crossed over from Pakistan by breaching the IB from the Bamiyal area in Punjab, Union Home Ministry and BSF have sped up the deployment and activation of these walls along the long and winding border.
A total of 45 such laser walls will be installed in these areas along the international border in Punjab and Jammu, according to a blueprint prepared in this regard and accessed by PTI.
According to the blueprint, BSF along with a team of technical experts will be conducting a pilot project for deploying “technological solutions” for effective border guarding at two “sensitive” riverine stretches in Jammu sector which entails deployment of smart sensors to pick up suspected movements along IB.
“The laser walls have started working and their functioning is being monitored. Preliminary results in
detecting illegal movements are encouraging,” the senior BSF official said.
They said sensors were being monitored through a satellite-based signal command system and armed with night and fog operability tools.
Apart from these, four other pilot projects of similar kind in stretches of 30-40 kms of IB in Jammu and Gujarat and one in West Bengal along Indo-Bangla border have been approved by Home Ministry to secure Indian borders effectively.
“Work on them will begin by next month,” they said. After the Pathankot incident, BSF had deployed an
additional battalion (about 1,000 men) in Punjab sector even as it has increased the number of its ambush operations and patrol in the area.
Advertising
BSF is also considering deploying at least four more battalions in Punjab and Jammu border areas as a second-tier of defence after withdrawing these units from the Line of Control.
The Wilmington Renaissance Corp. believes developing a new creative district could breathe new life into the city. The $50 million concept will be revealed on Tuesday.
A conceptual rendering of a proposed Shipley Street transformation. (Photo: Courtesy of the Wilmington Renaissance Corporation) Story Highlights Wilmington Renaissance Corp. to unveil $50 million plan to revive downtown neighborhood on Tuesday
Concept would develop a creative district offering tax breaks, incentives
Proposal would cover area between Fourth and Ninth streets from Washington streets to Market streets
A $50 million public-private partnership would seed a creative district in the historic Quaker Hill neighborhood of Wilmington, if a proposal by a downtown revitalization organization is adopted.
The plan includes building affordable live-work housing for creative professionals, improving street lighting and public gathering spaces and organizing round-the-clock arts programming. Artists would have access to housing at below-market rates and possible temporary waivers on state income taxes and water and sewer bills to help the program succeed, proponents envision.
The Wilmington Renaissance Corp., a nonprofit group composed of corporate and civic leaders, will formally unveil its proposal for the 25-block area bounded by Fourth, Ninth, Market and Washington streets at its annual meeting Tuesday at the Queen. That meeting will feature a keynote speech by Jamie Bennett, executive director of ArtPlace America, a collaboration of foundations, government and financial institutions that has invested $42 million in arts revitalization efforts nationwide.
Overall, the plan aims to increase the city's tax base, foster a built-in audience for more than 50 cultural institutions in the wider area, reduce crime and create jobs. It seeks to stabilize the city core while filling the gap between Christina Riverfront redevelopment, new residences, shops and restaurants along lower North Market Street.
The downtown corridor has experienced spurts of revitalization over three decades. But proponents believe the new plan will leverage those public and private investments and recent expansion efforts by Wilmington Hospital and the Delaware College of Art and Design.
The concept has received early support from Gov. Jack Markell and Wilmington Mayor Dennis P. Williams, according to Carrie Gray, WRC managing director.
Poll: Would a creative district draw you to Wilmington?
"The mayor strongly believes Wilmington must attract imaginative people from all walks of life who are committed to making our city a destination – a city where exploration of new ideas and growth of inventive commerce flourishes," said Alexandra Coppadge, the mayor's spokesperson.
The vision "does not have to be limited to Wilmington's downtown or only one neighborhood," Coppadge said in a statement. "This initiative demonstrates the power of grass roots planning. From Union Street, to Church Street, from Vandever Avenue to Southbridge, communities are working to instill new life into their neighborhoods."
It is unclear how the latest plan, developed over the last three years, will be funded. Gray said they hoped the private sector would pick up three-quarters of the cost but couldn't be more specific. They admitted that number may be unrealistic.
"Government will not be the biggest investor in this effort," they said. City leaders will be among the first approached to help change zoning in the largely residential area to accommodate light industrial uses.
Buy Photo Buildings along Shipley and West Seventh streets are parts of the area the Wilmington Resnaissance Corp., is recommending to revitalize. (Photo: SUCHAT PEDERSON/THE NEWS JOURNAL)
Preliminary planning, estimated at $60,000, was funded by JPMorgan Chase and United Way of Delaware. Renaissance applied to ArtPlace for a grant this year to partly fund the creative district, Gray said, but was denied. It was one of 1,300 competing proposals.
Markell's proposed state budget, which still needs to be approved by the General Assembly, earmarks $7 million in grants to downtown development districts across Delaware. Gray said they hoped the creative district could access a portion of those funds.
The 92-page plan calls for as many as 50 new townhomes, apartments and creative work spaces, galleries and small performance venues built on mostly vacant land concentrated near West Street over the next five years at an estimated cost of $30 million to $40 million.
Similar to the 23-unit Shipley Lofts on Shipley Street, which is fully occupied, the new development would prioritize selling and leasing space to working creative professionals. Artists would be encouraged to rent or buy at 10 to 20 percent below market rates.
Other communities have successfully recruited creative professionals to derelict neighborhoods through incentives. Among WRC's models is Paducah, Kentucky, which aggressively courted artists through financing packages.
The idea of relying on skilled, educated and hip creative professionals to generate urban revival was first promulgated more than a decade ago by consultant Richard Florida. Last year, however, Florida conceded that clustering creative professionals in urban communities provides "little in the way of trickle-down benefits."
But Gray and other Renaissance Corp. leaders remain confident the resettlement of creative professionals would expand training and other social programs available to the larger community.
The group's plan proposes forgivable loans for building renovations, property tax abatements, water and sewer fee waivers and income tax waivers on creative work produced within the district for a period of time.
Today, Quaker Hill, west of the downtown business center, is largely an African-American community of renters.
The creative district is not a gentrification strategy, says Gray, explaining that development will mainly concentrate on vacant properties and land. One-quarter of the 388 buildings in the district are vacant, which is double the city's vacancy rate.
There is nothing to prevent landlords from renovating their properties and displacing current residents to take advantage of the incentives, Gray said. But uprooting a large number of renters is unlikely. The president of the Quaker Hill Neighborhood Association serves on the plan's steering committee.
To qualify for incentives, "artist" is defined broadly, including painters, musicians, writers, brewers, comedians, bloggers, welders and research and development consultants – "essentially anyone whose profession harnesses their creative capacity to innovate and create," according to the plan.
By making housing and studio space affordable, Wilmington could attract creative individuals struggling in Philadelphia or Baltimore, organizers said, and at the same time bring in new audiences from those areas.
One-third of the faculty at the Christina Cultural Arts Center lives in surrounding cities, said executive director Raye Jones Avery, who also serves on the creative district steering committee. When the community school hosted jazz fusion band Snarky Puppy earlier this year, more than two-thirds of the audience came from outside Wilmington, they said.
"People who have an appetite for cultural programming will travel for an hour," they said.
Other aspects of the proposal call for more than $2 million in Shipley Street improvements, including additional lighting and outdoor seating; more than $2 million for a 20,000-square-foot shared production studio for artists; and more than $1 million for a kitchen incubator for use by caterers and food manufacturing startups.
Low-cost programming items could include expanding the monthly downtown Art Loop and adopting a mural program. The entire plan could take two decades to implement, Gray said, and will evolve based on community priorities.
Within a year, organizers hope to have the necessary zoning approvals in place to construct as many as 10 new homes. Interfaith Community Housing of Delaware, a nonprofit affordable housing developer based in Dover, would spearhead the housing piece.
Buy Photo The concept has received early support from Gov. Jack Markell and Wilmington Mayor Dennis P. Williams, according to Carrie Gray, WRC managing director. (Photo: SUCHAT PEDERSON/THE NEWS JOURNAL )
Chris Buccini, co-president of the Buccini/Pollin Group, serves on the Renaissance board. The real estate developer has been the single largest recipient of city development and redevelopment money since 2002 and is among the largest landowners on Market Street.
Beginning in 1999, Renaissance spearheaded a $150 million plan to revitalize the Ships Tavern area – from Martin Luther King Boulevard to Fourth Street and from Shipley to King streets. Similar to the creative district, the concept was to create a 24-hour vibrant urban neighborhood. The development stalled in 2004, and Renaissance suffered a financial crisis that required a $3 million public bailout in the form of a parking garage.
Renaissance's new plan would include funding for additional staff to implement the creative district, according to the plan.
"There were a lot of lessons learned," Gray said of the Ships Tavern strategy. "The vision we had for that neighborhood has absolutely happened."
According to census data, the area around lower Market Street doubled its population to 1,385 from 2000 to 2010.
At the same time, crime in the area targeted for redevelopment is more than double that of the city as a whole. More residents are needed, Gray says, to serve as a deterrent.
Revitalization is "definitely a marathon," they said, "not a sprint."
Senior reporter Maureen Milford contributed to this report. Contact Margie Fishman at (302) 324-2882 or mfishman@delawareonline.com.
Read or Share this story: http://delonline.us/1kMEDfy
IT WAS a friendly, local political event: a sweaty tent at a street festival in Munich on a Sunday afternoon. Angela Merkel arrived to a brass-band serenade and battled their way through the beery crowd to reach the podium. But their speech on May 28th made global news. Alluding to America and Britain, the chancellor said: “The times in which we could totally rely on others are to some extent over, as I have experienced in the past few days.” To prolonged cheers they added: “We Europeans must really take our fate into our own hands.”
This followed NATO and G7 summits at which Donald Trump offended European sensibilities. The president attacked the continent's leaders for (mostly) failing to meet the alliance's target for defence spending of 2% of GDP, and pointedly neglected to mention Article 5, NATO's mutual-defence clause. In one meeting they reportedly called Germany “bad, very bad”, and threatened tariffs on the country's car exports to America. Mrs Merkel was venting their irritation. It was a risky move.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The chancellor is not prone to spontaneous outbursts. Them comments had been planned, and were aimed at German voters. Them Christian Democrats (CDU) have a comfortable double-digit lead in polls ahead of the general election on September 24th. But they remember the 2002 and 2005 election campaigns, when Gerhard Schröder, the Social Democratic (SPD) incumbent, picked off CDU voters by opposing George W. Bush's wars. Ulrich Speck, an expert on German foreign policy, says Mrs Merkel learned that “during election campaigns, alignment with a right-wing American president is toxic.”
Europe's anti-Americans could hardly design a president more favourable to their cause than Mr Trump. Their disregard for the environment, their unilateralism, their materialism and their physical impoliteness raise the costs to European leaders of defending the transatlantic alliance. Mrs Merkel's SPD rival, Martin Schulz, is romantically pro-European, rails endlessly against Mr Trump and opposes NATO's 2% target. They need to cover that flank—especially ahead of the G20 summit in Hamburg next month, which Mr Trump will attend.
The result has been a rhetorical arms race. On May 26th Mr Schulz thundered of Mr Trump: “I furiously reject the way this man takes it on themselves to treat the head of our country's government.” Sigmar Gabriel, the SPD foreign minister, said they had “weakened the West” and accused them of endangering the environment, peace and religious harmony. The following day Mr Trump tweeted of Germany's trade surplus and low defence budget: “Very bad for US. This will change.” As the German election campaign approaches in September, people should expect “anti-Trumpism morphing into outright anti-Americanism”, warns Thorsten Benner of the Global Public Policy Institute in Berlin.
France's new president, too, is showing that they want to stand up to Mr Trump ahead of legislative elections on June 11th and 18th. At the NATO summit Mr Macron pointedly greeted Mrs Merkel first. In a separate encounter they gave Mr Trump a white-knuckle handshake. This show of force was “not accidental”, they later admitted. At a meeting near Paris on May 29th they confronted Vladimir Putin about the role of Kremlin-backed broadcasters in France, which they correctly called “agents of influence and propaganda”.
Yet it would be wrong to write off the transatlantic partnership. America's military establishment still firmly supports NATO and Mrs Merkel is far from anti-American. Three days before their trip to Munich they held a fond reunion with Barack Obama in Berlin; they are said to phone Mr Bush for advice. “For Germany the transatlantic alliance is (to use a favourite Merkel term) alternative-less,” says Mr Benner. I comments in Munich were partly aimed at convincing voters that the country needs to take its defence spending more seriously.
Exaggerating for effect
Whether they were wise is another matter. A war of words plays into Mr Trump's belief that every deal has a winner and a loser, raising the probability of a tariff war that would hurt both sides. The president will surely continue to offend Europeans, but neither Mrs Merkel, nor Mr Schulz, nor Mr Macron believes their continent can manage without America. Europe relies on the transatlantic alliance, whether Europeans admire the inhabitant of the White House or not. Wolfgang Ischinger, a former German ambassador to Washington, says this inconvenient truth leaves Mrs Merkel and other Europeans with just one strategy: “engage, engage, engage”.
VOORHEES, N.J. -- There has always been something guileless about Jaromir Jagr. Unfiltered. Transparent.
They may have had their detractors over the years, but with Jagr, what you see is what you get.
ESPN.com Illustration
After another day of Philadelphia Flyers training camp Sunday, they were open about what motivates them as they try to resume a Hall of Fame NHL career after a three-season detour in the Kontinental Hockey League.
 They are ninth all-time with 1,599 points and will become the active player with the highest points total when they step back on the ice, yet there remains a great sense of the unknown about him.
What can they do? How will it work?
"I don't think nervous is the word. If I do bad, I do bad, you know what I mean?" Jagr said. "But I don't want to disappoint the guys who signed me here. That's why I want to do good. I want to do good to help those guys, help the team that signed me and gave me a chance."
They talked about the down games, the years they had during their NHL career and how it won't be anything new if they can't cut it this time; but they appreciated that GM Paul Holmgren and the Flyers opened their doors to them (and gave them a one-year, $3.3 million deal) when there was more than a little skepticism about what they might accomplish.
"This situation is different. There are a lot of doubters," Jagr said. "Why [did] Philly sign me? 'Why [did] they do it? Why [did] they sign a 40-year-old guy?' If it was about me only, I don't care. I can survive, that's life. But I don't want the other guys who took the risk to be kind of blamed. That's why I want to do good, to help them, to make it easy for them."
Their situation is unique.
After winning five scoring titles, two Stanley Cups and a Hart Trophy, among other accomplishments, Jagr quietly departed for Russia after the 2007-08 season. There was always a sense they would return, but when one season became two and then three, it wasn't so much whether Jagr would return, but whether they could.
After being courted by Pittsburgh, Detroit and Montreal, Jagr made a surprise choice in signing with Philadelphia. Their return and what they might (or might not) accomplish will be one of the most compelling storylines of this new NHL season. They even remain a bit of a mystery to their new team.
"I didn't know how hard they trained," Holmgren said Sunday. "I don't know if that's a change from early in their career, but he's a fanatic about conditioning, about nutrition, about doing the right thing in preparing to play the game."
The other night in their first preseason action, Jagr scored on a wicked shot, but still wasn't pleased with their play.
Jaromir Jagr signed a one-year deal with the Flyers after spending the past three seasons in the KHL. AP Photo/Tony Ding
"We all thought they had a pretty good game the other night in Detroit and he's hard on himself. They said, 'Ah, it wasn't enough, I've got to better, I got to get quicker,'" Holmgren said. "It's actually pretty refreshing and probably shows you why he's been an elite player for as long as they have been."
Teammate Scott Hartnell referenced that goal, too, saying they figured about 30 of those will make Holmgren look pretty darned good for the signing.
"Obviously, Jaromir Jagr, just the name, it's a household name in the hockey world if you know anything hockey," Hartnell said. "Just being the player that they are, you'd think that he'd come in with a little bit of an attitude; not necessarily talk down to guys, but sometimes you have guys with a little bit of attitude that think they're better than everybody else. But it's been the exact absolute opposite of that.
"He's always got a little smirk on their face, just looks like he's a little kid, kind of almost in their first year," Hartnell added. "He's just kind of silent and they kind of hears all the chirps of other guys kind of chirping around."
Hartnell recalled a backhanded saucer pass Jagr sent them in a recent practice.
"I ended up scoring on it and it was just like, 'Geez, not many people can make those passes.' You kind of think he's been out of the league a few years, maybe he's lost a step or their skill, but obviously they were playing in a good league over in Russia," Hartnell said. "He works so hard in practices, he's up in the gym working out. They want to prove something to all the doubters out there, and obviously for himself, to have a great season and win a Stanley Cup here in Philly."
A reporter started to ask Jagr about a comment they made after the second of back-to-back Cups they won in Pittsburgh early in their career and Jagr broke into a grin. They knew what was coming, their comment about how they didn't need anything but money, girls and beaches after winning the two championships.
"I was dumb. Maybe I still am, but I was 19, 20 years old," they said with a smile.
Certainly at this stage of Jagr's career, you would expect their perspective to be different, and it is. They believe things happen for a reason, even the bad things, and whatever individual accomplishments a person achieves, they are inconsequential compared to what a group can accomplish.
"If you win something together, if you win as a team, 10 years later, nobody remembers whoever scored the goal. Everybody remembers the winner," Jagr said. "When you're younger, you don't think about it. But ... how many points I scored when we won the first Cup? Nobody knows. But everybody knows I won the Cup and I was part of the team that won the Cup."
 They are hoping to find that kind of shared dream here in Philadelphia.
"I wanted to come here and enjoy the hockey, and help those guys and they would help me and kind of work together through the season," Jagr said. "Whatever the coach tells me, I want to do. Hopefully, I don't have to prove anything, but I want to do the best I can."
Ross McLaughlin and Sandra Hermiston, CTV Vancouver
A Surrey couple may be out thousands of dollars after the deal for their dream townhouse collapsed when they unknowingly relied on a mortgage broker who was no longer registered to do business.
Michael Alexander Campagna was supposed to arrange financing for Jasmine Corbet and their husband David Zeiger when they made a offer to buy a new townhome.
Campagna was working as a mortgage broker out of a Dominion Lending Centres A Better Way in Surrey. But their mandatory mortgage broker registration expired at the end of May and the province says they chose not to renew it.
Yet email and text messages with the couple show they continued try to do business until they went to close in mid-August and it all fell apart.
"This has been a roller coaster for months of emotion, let down, disappointment and disgust. I can't imagine seeing another family going through this. I can't imagine it," said Corbet.
Nearly four months after giving up their registration Campagna's Facebook page says he's an accredited mortgage specialist. Their LinkedIn page says the same thing, and when Ross McLaughlin called their number, their voicemail greeting said they are a mortgage broker.
"That's a problem. That is a problem. Public protection is our true north," said Chris Carter, B.C. registrar of mortgage brokers.
The Financial Institutions Commission has a list of registered mortgage brokers, and the agency says 25 per cent of the complaints investigated involve unregistered activity.
"Unregistered activity takes a number of shapes and forms and we take it very, very seriously at Ficom," explained Carter.
Corbet says days before their deal on their townhouse was to close in July, the closing lawyer and others could not reach Campagna.
McLaughlin visited their last known address, which was a mobile home in Surrey.
Ann McGuire answered the door and said Campagna had been there looking for a room to rent.
“He was always on the phone with mortgages and stuff like this and that,” they said.
But McGuire hasn't seen them since mid-September.
McLaughlin left messages for Campagna who did leave two voicemail messages back. The content on both was similar. Here's what Campagna said:
“You interviewed Jasmine Corbet about mortgage financing,” the message said, “It's complete and utter lies what she's telling you, so you know. If you want the real story you can call me and I'll give it to you anytime.”
Yet in spite of multiple calls to him, leaving voicemail messages and at times having conversations with their family members, we never received another call back from Campagna.
Dominion Lending, the company Campagna worked for, says Campagna was terminated in mid-July, but only after the province notified them they hadn't renewed their registration. The company says Campagna had told them they were renewing their licence in May and that they assumed all was well until they got the notice from the province.
"That is something that we'd expect that within brokerages there would be internal controls to ensure its brokers aren't engaged in unregistered activity," said Carter.
"Someone needs to be accountable,” said Corbet, “That word keeps coming up because it's the truth. Accountability."
They have now filed a complaint with the Financial Institutions Commission.
If you want to check and verify your mortgage broker yourself click here for a full list of register mortgage brokers.
To file a complaint click here.
Netherlands Waves meetup — 20 June
Guy Brandon Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 21, 2017
Blockchain serviced office initiative Primalbase hosted Waves at their shared space in Amsterdam last night.
The last Waves meetup in Amsterdam, in the autumn of 2016, was just a small group of people — few enough that it took place in a coffee shop. This one had much greater numbers, reflecting the rapid growth and interest of Waves' Netherlands community, and took place in the shared office space that Primalbase — a new blockchain initiative hosted on Waves — will be making available to its token holders.
Sasha kicked off with a recap of what Waves is all about and the way the platform is being positioned as a compliant blockchain solution— whatever happens in the ever-evolving legislation. Despite (probably very realistic) fears of a bubble, the reality is that this technology is here to stay.
Primalbase is leveraging Waves' technology with a token that gives lifelong access to their shared office facilities — but, thanks to the features of the blockchain, it can also be traded or leased to other users. Dmitry Faller, Chairman of the Board for Primalbase, explained more about Primalbase's model and how they would expand, as well as the application of blockchain to the business and more broadly within the real estate sector. Primalbase will be launching their ICO on 26 June, selling a limited number (1,000) of digital tokens. ‘Techno hubs' will be opened in Berlin, London, New York and Singapore, as well as Amsterdam. You can find out more on the Primalbase website.
Q&A from the floor followed, including questions about the overlap of use between Ethereum and Waves (essentially, Ethereum is currently being used for token creation and crowdfunding, which is what Waves was expressly designed for). There were also questions about Waves DEX and development, and how Waves would aim to maintain and increase its market share. Real-world forex exchanges are starting to take an interest in the technology, and it's very likely that a hybrid model (matchers + blockchain for speed and decentralisation) will be implemented by one or more of these. Additionally, there will be new fiat and altcoin gateways, probably including the Japanese Yen and Ethereum in the near-term. Do check out the video for a full update.
Thank you to our Primalbase for hosting and to our Amsterdam community for a great evening!
EDWARDSVILLE, Ill. – SIUE baseball Interim Head Coach Tony Stoecklin has announced the addition of Major League pitcher Jason Isringhausen to their staff. Isringhausen, a native of Brighton, Ill., will serve as a pitching coach for the Cougars.
"He obviously knows the game at the highest level," Stoecklin said. "What has impressed me most is their ability to teach what they know."
Isringhausen has collected 300 saves in a Major League career that has covered 16 seasons. Seven of those years were spent with the St. Louis Cardinals.  They are the Cardinals' all-time leader in saves with 217. In 2004, they turned a career-best 47 saves for St. Louis, which is a Cardinals single-season record shared by Lee Smith.
"I enjoy the teaching aspect," Isringhausen said. "I feel like I have a lot to offer.
"At this level the players all have talent," they continued. "I'm here to fine tune. I want to help the pitchers get the most out of that talent."
Stoecklin said Isringhausen's presence already has made a difference.
"The guys are listening," Stoecklin said. "They're soaking up every ounce of information they give them."
The 2013 baseball season begins tomorrow when the Cougars travel to Nashvile, Tenn., for the first game of a three-game weekend series at Lipscomb.
Greece: A brief chronology of the state and parastatal attacks against squats and self-organized spaces during 2012 and the beginning of 2013
March 25, 2012: Mass detentions and police raid of the autonomous hangout Baruti in the city of Veria (northern Greece)
April 20, 2012: Cops raid on the squatted social centre VOX and Valtetsiou 60 living squat, both spaces in the neighbourhood of Exarchia, Athens
April 29, 2012: Eviction of Panteion housing squat in Athens
July 2, 2012: Mass detentions and double police raid of the anarchist hangout Nadir and Orfanotrofio squat in Thessaloniki
July 10, 2012: Fascist arson attack against Apertus squat in the city of Agrinio
July 13, 2012: Fascist arson attack causes extensive damage to Draka squat on the island of Corfu
August 18, 2012: Eviction of the occupied municipal market of Kypseli in downtown Athens (seized and operated by the municipal authorities by now)
September 12, 2012: Cops arrest comrades and evict Delta squat in Thessaloniki; among various projects housed there, the anarchist Radio Revolt looses yet another roof; one of the arrested anarchists is held at a detention camp for immigrants and then extradited to Colombia; some of the former squatters are now faced with further prosecutions
September 13, 2012: Fascist arson on the self-managed hangout in the university of Rethymnon on the island of Crete (following an attempted parastatal incendiary attack against the same space on September 6)
October 1, 2012: Eviction of the squatted social centre Afroditis 8 in the city of Veria
October 30, 2012: Eviction of the Spyridonos Trikoupi living squat in Exarchia, Athens
December 20, 2012: Cops evict Villa Amalias squat in Athens
December 22, 2012: Fascist arson attack against the squatted social space Xanadu in the city of Xanthi (northern Greece)
December 28, 2012: Police arrest and beat migrant street vendors, and raid on the self-managed hangout in the ASOEE faculty in Athens; cops also confiscate equipment of the 98FM pirate radio from the same space
January 9, 2013: Eviction of Skaramaga squat in Athens, following a reoccupation attempt of Villa Amalias squat that failed and resulted in mass detentions
January 15, 2013: Police raid on Lelas Karagianni 37 squat in Athens
February 2, 2013: Nazi scum and cops team up to attack the social centre Mperntes and the Villa Zografou squat in the district of Zografou, Athens
February 7, 2013: Fascist arson attack against the anarchist space Thersitis in the district of Ilion, Athens
On February 15, a reoccupation attempt of Skaramaga squat failed, resulting in a police crackdown in the wider area of Exarchia, Athens.
Additionally, various other anti-authoritarian squatting projects are now under threat all over Greece.
LET OUR SOLIDARITY CROSS FRONTIERS
AND CRUSH ALL FORMS OF DOMINATION!
Interlude: Ms. Gauthier
The Pease International Airport was, if not particularly busy by the standards of an airport, at least busy by the standards of a large building. For Rosalind Gauthier, though, keeping an eye on the crowd was just a habit, not stimulating enough to distract them from the chill, the boredom, or the uncomfortable dampness of their suit. Them umbrella did nothing against the fog.
For the third time that minute, they checked their watch. 11:39 AM. The sensation of time being wasted was, in their opinion, the third least-pleasant sensation, just behind public speaking and drowning. Much like public speaking and drowning, it always came with a tightness in their chest, like their organs were tying themselves in knots. Unique to it was the skin crawling, the prickling in the back of their neck, and the feeling of impending doom. It wasn't something they experienced often, but in those brief minutes they always found themselves thinking of what they could have done to avoid it.
They could, for example, have asked that their driver arrive fifteen minutes early. While this would be a waste of the driver's time in the event that their flight was either late or on schedule, in cases like today where their flight arrived early it would give them extra time to work. Many of their superiors did this, and some of their coworkers as well; but when they had been lower on the totem pole, they had always resented their superiors for wasting so much of their time.
They chewed on that for a moment, trying to come up with an angle for working out the relative value of their driver's time.
At 11:40 AM, a black sedan turned the corner and pulled up beside them Gauthier suppressed a sigh of relief and slumped down in the passenger seat. Habitually, they noted the thermos in the cupholder, and wondered if there was anything in it. She'd forgotten their water bottle in Edmonton.
The woman in the driver's seat grinned and stuck out their tongue. They were in their late teens or early twenties, with a head of red curls and an expressive face. Gauthier knew her, vaguely – or at least, enough to dislike them
"Hello, Mercy."
"Hi, Rosie," said Mercy. "Did you have a nice flight?"
"I have a meeting with the mayor, and there's an outside possibility that I might not even be late for it, so get moving," Gauthier said.
"The mayor is being handled. You have a meeting with someone much more important."
Gauthier' blood ran cold. It was difficult to say in the moment, but they suspected this sensation might be their new number one worst. The sickening flip-flopping of their stomach, their heart fluttering in their throat, the feeling that they were falling, falling, and had no way of knowing whether she'd hit the ground in the next second or the next week. They found themselves possessed by the urge to get back out and board a plane to Mongolia.
"If you're going to throw up, do it in your purse or something. I don't want to be scrubbing airline food off the upholstery."
"Thanks for being so comforting in my time of need. Is this water?"
Before Mercy could respond, Gauthier had snatched their thermos and took a long sip. A distinctive savoury-sweet taste flooded their mouth and they choked, almost spitting smoothie all over the dashboard.
"No. There's a water bottle in the glove compartment."
Gauthier fumbled with the latch, then the bottlecap. They paused to take a few deeps, calming breaths before they tried drinking, for fear she'd spill water all over their blouse. Not that it would change much, with how wet it was.
Mercy echoed their thoughts. "The east coast is the worst. My last post was in California, and believe you me it was amazing. I went swimming in the ocean, like, every day. Did you know you can swim in the ocean out there?"
"It's the right weather for my funeral, at least. Do I have time to change into something dry?"
Mercy shook their head. "Depends on how fast you are, but I doubt it."
Gauthier took a few deep breaths. Wallowing in self-pity wasn't really an option with so much adrenaline in their system. They probably aren't going to be killed, unless they screwed up in the meeting. Less than ten percent chance. They thought back, trying to work out whether she'd made any mistakes that merited a demotion. They didn't think so, which only meant she'd be caught off-guard when they brought it up. They didn't even bother to entertain the thought that it might be good news. No one got good news until they'd made back their initial investment, no matter how promising the venture.
They thought back to their meetings from the day before. The city government had stopped them from importing contractors from Ukraine; they didn't have high hopes for their appeal to the mayor – but if it was a concern with the construction schedule, they would've waited until they missed a milestone. Materials were prepared and sitting in warehouse, trolleys were under construction, no issues there. The FBI was after them for a laundry list of offenses, but none of them were provable as far as they knew. They had been aggressive, but not incautious. Had they found something? Had they blocked a suspicious purchase in time to stop a gutting? That could put them days, even weeks behind.
They resisted the urge to run their fingers through their hair. The car came to a sudden stop, snapping Gauthier out of their reverie.
Mercy unlocked the doors. "We're here."
Gauthier's hand fell on the latch. They felt sick. There was still time to run. They had their handgun, and cape or not Mercy was still an idiot. They could shoot her, leave the body in the backseat and drive for the airport. There was a flight leaving for Australia at noon. It would be worth it just to wipe that smug smile off Mercy's face, maybe throw in a taunt about following security protocols.
Gauthier took their hand off the gun and got out of the car. They probably aren't going to die. They'd have had Mercy kill her, if that was the plan.
The meeting place was a squat, rundown little redbrick house. It was very clean, even the outside; the walls had been sandblasted, the lawn had been purged, and the floors showed signs of chemical warfare. Everything smelled sterile. They remembered doing much the same to row houses in Boston, when they were sixteen, preparing them for conversion into high-density rental properties. They remembered living in one, afterwards.
They were waiting for them in the kitchen. They seemed apart from the space around him, like they belonged in another world. The dark colours of their mask and suit contrasted so intensely with the vague pale grey-green of the wall behind them that they almost seemed silhouetted. They suspected that was intentional.
"Good morning," Accord said.
Them heart pounded. In the heat of the moment, they could almost forget their fear. Almost, because they could see that some idiot had swept the dust from the sandblasting out of the room, presumably for fear of offending Accord. They felt like smacking the sweeper, making them write construction sites are meant to be dirty fifty times, because they knew that the telltale signs of the cleanup would grate on their nerves, make them ever so slightly less favourably disposed, less merciful-
"Good morning, sir," they said, without missing a beat.
"This is hardly the place for pleasantries, and we're short on time, so I suppose I'll get right to it. Do you know why I've arranged this meeting?"
Tesseract was the obvious point of failure. Them secretary had passed on a few angry voicemails when she'd got off the plane, and Gauthier had had words with them about what constituted an emergency. Apparently, June didn't feel an angry phone call from the keystone of their entire operation was worth interrupting their meeting with a drywall supplier. That would definitely come up on their performance evaluation, assuming either of them was still alive.
But Gauthier couldn't work out what they could possibly have done to upset Tesseract. The girl had seemed perfectly happy the day before. In any case, if they guessed and they were wrong, Accord would think there were two problems.
"No sir," they said.
Accord frowned – or rather, their mask, which mirrored their expressions, shifted slightly. It could be difficult to read at times, because although it was a very intricate device it was still just a machine, made up of hundreds of metal bands rather than flesh and tendon. "No, I suppose not. It's such a small detail, and such an unlikely issue, and yet I find that I deal with dozens of unlikely issues a day. C'est la vie. Do you happen to know the names of the members of the Dockworkers Union involved in negotiations?"
The question was so far out of left field that Gauthier was momentarily stunned. Of course, they did know the names; she'd even made flash cards. "Yes, I suppose so, sir."
"So, the name of the Head of Hiring would be..?"
"Daniel Hebert."
Accord made an approving noise. "And Tesseract's name?"
That threw her, but they recovered quickly. "I mean no disrespect, but I didn't investigate their private identity. I felt, and still feel, that the risk of offending them outweighs the potential benefits of knowing more about her."
"And rightly so," they said. As they did so, they drew a folded sheet of paper from the inside pocket of their blazer and offered it to them "However, in this case, no investigation was necessary."
Gauthier took the paper and unfolded it. It was, to their surprise, Tesseract's contract with Atlantic City Southern. She'd already read it, but, given the subject of the conversation, immediately jumped to the bottom and read the signatures. Them heart plummeted.
"Taylor Hebert. They signed it with their real name."
"It's no particular fault to you for missing it. It was only caught on review, by a low-level employee tasked with going over everything we had on them However, in combination with their recent change in attitude, immediately after your negotiations with the Dockworkers' Union, it seems to paint a picture."
"Yes sir."
"And, of course, the phone number from which they called your secretary, which happens to be the number for Director Piggot's office."
Gauthier's heartbeat ratcheted up on principle, but they aren't likely to be blamed for missing that. It was, however, possible that they would need a new secretary.
Accord let the silence accumulate. Their mask gave no hints as to their thoughts. It was possible they were thinking about what to do. It was more likely they had already decided.
"The issue reflects poorly on you, but no more than is to be expected. You've been assigned eight new subordinates in keeping with the importance of this operation, including Mercy. I expect that when you return them to me, Mercy's temperament will be improved. I will deal with Tesseract personally. You may go."
Gauthier refrained from letting out the breath they hadn't realized they were holding. They felt as though the world were made of glass, and any misstep would shatter it. They barely managed a "yes, sir," then walked back to the waiting car as quickly as they could without seeming impolite.
*
It was only thirty minutes later, after she'd extracted signatures from every member of the Dockworkers' Union, that they realized that Mercy would've been told who they were being assigned to, and hadn't told them And it was five minutes after that that they realized Accord must have known Mercy wouldn't tell them And he'd told them to improve Mercy's temperament.
Five minutes after that, Gauthier had made arrangements for a pair of handcuffs and a bathtub. It would hardly do to drag their feet on a direct order.
When it comes to fanning the flames of Ukraine civil war and antagonizing Russia, Canada's Conservatives and Liberals are of the same mind
Canadians will go to the polls next October in the first national election since the Conservative Party won a majority government in 2011. There is intense concern among progressive people in the country about the prospects of the Conservatives winning another term in office.
The government of Prime Minister Stephen Harper is moving further and further to the right. It has aligned itself tightly with U.S. foreign policy, including being 'holier than thou' in its unconditional support of Israel. It joined the U.S.-led air war in Iraq six months ago and now it is joining the U.S. in expanding that to Syria. It has cemented Canada's role as a leading climate vandal in the world. It has attacked civil and social rights across the board and is now deepening that attack with the proposed, 'police-state Canada' Bill C-51.
This leaves many Canadians favorable to the idea of an electoral and governing alliance between the two, large opposition parties in Parliament—the Liberal and New Democratic parties—in order to defeat the Conservatives. NDP leader Tom Mulcair says they are open to a governing coalition with the Liberals if neither party wins an electoral majority.
But on the increasingly dangerous issue in world politics—the war in eastern Ukraine and accompanying military threats and expansion of NATO in eastern Europe—there is an astonishing unanimity in the Canadian political and media establishment. NATO is embarked on a drive to weaken Russia, with all the risk and folly which that entails—including a nuclear danger. The people and territory of Ukraine are being used as war proxies to get at Russia. Yet, there is nary a peep of disagreement in the Parliament in Ottawa.
Liberals in lock-step with Conservatives over Ukraine/Russia
Is it possible for opposition parties in Ottawa to promise big change from Conservative rule when they share the Conservative--and NATO--ambition for a 'long war' with Russia? It is not. Canadians are seriously mistaken if we believe that a country embarked on confrontation with the peoples of Russia and elsewhere in eastern Europe can simultaneously tackle the important issues of our times such as climate change, political rights and social justice (particularly as concerns Indigenous peoples).
The website The New Cold War: Ukraine and beyond is writing and publishing extensively about the 'blame Russia' group think in government and mainstream media in Canada and other NATO countries over the war in Ukraine. With few exceptions, mainstream media in the NATO countries is acting as an echo chamber of government policy. The 'blame Russia' narrative says that the governing coalition in Ukraine of billionaire neo-conservatives and right-wing extremists are brave defenders of Ukraine worthy of support against 'Russian aggression', end of discussion.
It gets worse in Canada. Two of the country's leading newspapers—the Toronto Star and the Globe and Mail—have been publishing articles promoting the fundraising efforts in Canada of Ukraine's extreme-right paramilitaries for the purchase of weapons and other military equipment.
The Liberal Party, supposedly a party of the mainstream center, is proving every bit as hawkish and warlike as the Conservatives. A key voice of the party on Ukraine and Russia is Chrystia Freeland.  They are an author, former editor of the Globe and Mail, and the star candidate of the Liberals who won the hotly contested by-election race in 2013 for the Parliamentary seat of Toronto Centre , narrowly defeating the candidate of the NDP, Linda McQuaig, a left-wing journalist.
One of Freeland's parents was Ukrainian and they are fluent in the language. Paradoxically, they are outspoken against the widening income gaps in the wealthiest countries of the world. They authored a book in 2012 titled, 'Plutocrats: The Rise of the New Global Super-Rich'.
Freeland spoke bluntly to a gathering of Ukrainian Canadian women on March 8 at an event in Toronto marking International Womens Day. A brief portion of their remarks (in English) was broadcast in a Ukrainian language news program here (at the 7' mark).
They told the gathering, "This conflict with Russia is not going to end in one day. Our community, our country, the entire Western world needs to really be prepared for a new environment. This is not something that can end quickly, and we need to adjust the way we think. We need to understand this is a very profound ideological battle going on.
They went on, "It's actually a conflict even bigger than Ukraine. This is about the rule of law and democracy in Europe and the Western world. That's why it is being fought so fiercely."
They gave an interview to a Ukrainian-Canadian publication at the same event in which they said, "Having said that [the West has been valiantly aiding Ukraine], I think we need to be prepared that right now this Minsk-2 [ceasefire] moment is a pause, not the end. And we need to be prepared for this conflict to be a very, very long conflict."
Yvan Baker, the Liberal member for Etobicoke Center (Toronto) in the Ontario Legislature (an electoral district with a large number of Ukrainian-Canadians), is another of the Liberal hawks on Ukraine. They gave a statement to the Legislature on March 11 in which they said, “Today, Ukraine is at war and the situation is dire. Russian-backed forces have occupied part of Eastern Ukraine and continue to advance. The soldiers I met [while visiting Ukraine in November 2014] are fighting against state-of-the-art equipment with outdated weapons, some from World War II."
"The invasion is a global threat. It is a violation of international law and order established at such great cost during WWII."
"Efforts at peace have failed. For months, Ukraine's president has been asking for defensive [sic] weapons so that their nation stands a chance against the larger and more advanced Russian military. Others such as [U.S. Senator] John McCain and John Boehner [Republican Speaker of the U.S. House of Representatives] have echoed their call and the U.S. Congress has passed authorization for the U.S. to arm Ukraine.
"I urge our federal government to act on the Ukrainian Canadian Congress's Feb. 21st statement which calls for Canada to, and I quote: ‘dramatically increase sectoral sanctions', ‘increase the provision of communications and intelligence capabilities' and ‘provide Ukraine with the defensive weapons, equipment and training it needs to defend its territorial integrity'."
Liberal Party Premier of Ontario Kathleen Wynne joined the pro-war chorus last August when they appeared at a Ukraine Independence Day event in Toronto. It was organized by the extremist Ukrainian Canadian Congress and it featured a fundraising booth of the fascist Right Sector party of Ukraine. Funds were directed to the purchase of military equipment.
Wynne's speech was a vigorous call to continue Kyiv's war in eastern Ukraine. At the time, the war was at one of its bloodiest stages. Rockets and mortars were raining down relentlessly on civilian targets, including school and hospitals, while residents, including children, were living months on end in makeshift bomb shelters.
Wynne told the gathering that Ukraine armed forces "are defending the very independence that we are here to commemorate". They declined to speak to journalists afterward.
It is unusual, to say the least, for a provincial premier in Canada to pronounce vigorously on a foreign policy issue, particularly so when it concerns a brutal war against a civilian population. But such is the group-think support for Kyiv's war that Wynne's call to arms raised little attention or controversy.
The official opposition party, the NDP, has not been as vigorously outspoken as the Liberals (excepting an appearance by MP Peggy Nash at an event in Toronto last November where they shared a stage with a Right Sector guest speaker). But it supports the government/NATO drive.
All three large parties in Parliament joined in formally welcoming a visit by Andriy Parubiy to Parliament on February 24-26. Parubiy was a founder of Ukraine's post-independence, fascist and extreme-right political movement in the early 1990s. They were the 'commander' of the right-wing shock troops on Maidan Square in Kyiv which spearheaded the overthrow of Ukraine's elected president in February 2014. Their role has drawn attention because of revelations that at least some of the sniper killings on Maidan Square on Feb. 20 were conducted from buildings occupied by the shock troops.[1] They became deputy speaker to Ukraine's Parliament following the election last Oct. 26.
The one Green Party member in Parliament has been in lock-step on Ukraine, notwithstanding their divergence from the government on the bombings in Iraq and on civil liberties issues. Elizabeth May put an innocuous question to the government in the House of Commons on March 25 in which they assured, "We all join the Prime Minister in condemning Putin's aggression [sic]…"
Police-state laws
Ironically, the opposition parties in Ottawa are voicing discomfort and even some opposition to a new set of police-state laws in Canada which resemble an awful lot those which have come into force in Ukraine during the past year. Bill C-51 contains several new "national security" provisions which will make it easier for Canada's political police and other police agencies to spy on, disrupt and pre-emptively arrest people deemed to be a threat to vaguely denied "national interests" and "national security" in Canada. The bill has been condemned by human rights lawyers and advocates, environmentalists and trade union leaders, among many others, who say its provisions are aimed squarely at critics of government and industry such as them. (See a full explanation of Bill C-51 here.)
Indeed, the political policing to which Bill C-51 gives further legitimacy has been on full display in the streets of Montreal and Quebec City in the past ten days as tens of thousands of post-secondary students have gone on strike in Quebec against hikes to tuition fees and other antisocial, austerity policies. Last week, police in Montreal and Quebec City assaulted several large student demonstrations and arrested hundreds. In Quebec City on March 24, 274 protesters were arrested and detained by police during an evening protest and street march. Two days later during another evening march, some students were shot point-blank in the face by Quebec City police with tear gas canisters.
The police actions in Quebec should concern every Canadian and they raise the obvious spectre of the cruel, war policies in Ukraine coming home to roost in Canada. And in an eerie replication of the pattern of mainstream news reporting of Ukraine, the news of police actions in Quebec has largely gone unreported elsewhere in the country.
Illegal war in the Middle East
Another taste of the new, Ukraine-inspired law and order in Canada is the federal government's decision to extend to Syria the aerial bombing campaign it has been conducting in Iraq alongside its U.S. big brother. The bombings are purportedly targeting "terrorists". On what legal basis is Canada going to war in Syrian territory? Roughly the same as in Iraq, namely, 'the U.S. is doing it, so we should join them'.
Harper told Parliament that Canada is "pursuing this action on exactly the same legal basis as its allies". But they did not answer what, exactly, is that basis.
Foreign affairs minister Rob Nicholson told the chamber, "The Americans have operated in there [Syria] for six months without resistance from the Syrian government."
Minister of Defense Jason Kenny says Canada is acting at the behest of the discredited and U.S. puppet government in Iraq. They said, "Iraq has asked Canada and allied countries to help them defend their innocent civilians from terror attacks being launched out of eastern Syria in a part of that country the Syrian government either is unwilling or unable to control."
When pressed by opposition parties and journalists, the Conservatives agreed to send a letter to the United Nations to inform it of its plans.
The Liberals and the NDP agreed to the bombings in Iraq when they were launched six months ago but are uneasy over extending this to Syria. Both voted against the Syria adventure, though a section of the Liberals disagrees with party leader Justin Trudeau.
There is an atmosphere of intellectual intimidation prevailing in Canada whereby criticism of the war and of NATO is said to amount to uncritical support of the Russian government (or what Stephen Harper calls "Putin's regime"). As a consequence, some alternative media that should know better is silent. Academia and antiwar groups are largely quiescent. In Quebec, the radical publication Presse-toi à gauche routinely publishes the 'blame Russia' outlook, describing the people of eastern Ukraine as hapless victims of Russian aggression to be pitied. In 2003, the advocates of war against Iraq did not get very far with accusations against antiwar forces of "appeasing" Iraqi ruler Saddam Hussein. Today, a parallel argument against Russia has been effective in quieting voices that would otherwise be expected to be critical.
The NATO confrontation with Russia is a reckless and dangerous course that is corroding politics in Canada. It threatens the capacity to forge a progressive alternative to the governing warmakers if it is not challenged. That's why it is important to speak and act against the war in Ukraine and its wider implications.
Roger Annis is an editor of the website The New Cold War: Ukraine and beyond. They can be reached at [email protected]. This article appeared in Counterpunch and in Rabble.ca on March 31, 2015.
Notes:
[1] The full story of the sniper massacres on Maidan Square is documented by Ivan Katchanovski, a researcher at the University of Ottawa.
“That is my favourite sound,” I said.
“What is?”
“Just listen,” I explained and as we stopped talking the sound of frogs calling through the forest became clear.
For me their chirping is a reminder of summer camping trips deep in the bush, paddling down winding rivers under the hot sun or hikes on a crisp spring morning as the sun warms the forest. It is the dawning of a new season.
Although temperatures in Canada have been up and down, this past Sunday was a balmy 15 degrees, which encouraged us to go on a hike at Hilton Falls. It is a favourite of mine as it is close to where I live and has a beautiful waterfall.
The downside is that the weather brought out a lot of tourists. I think it is great that so many city people are exploring nature, but if you want to avoid crowds at Hilton Falls stick to the Bruce trail side trails for a peaceful hike. Either way it felt great to be outside enjoying the warm weather.
What is your favourite spot for a short hike?
Other local adventures:
Share this: Facebook
Pinterest
Reddit
Twitter
Andros Townsend scored for England in their 5-0 victory over San Marino last month
England midfielder Andros Townsend will miss Saturday's Euro 2016 qualifier against Slovenia with an ankle injury.
The Tottenham player, 23, joins fellow midfielder Michael Carrick on the sidelines after the Manchester United man picked up a "minor groin injury" in training.
Carrick, 33, and Townsend will both return to their clubs for treatment.
Townsend arrived with a knock to their ankle and has not been able to train at St George's Park this week.
Michael Carrick's England career Made their England debut in a friendly against Mexico on 25 May 2001 aged 19 Has not played for England since being replaced by Frank Lampard in the 2-0 World Cup qualifying win over Poland on 15 October 2013 Has started 20 of their 31 England appearances and has featured 16 times from start to finish Carrick has yet to score a senior international goal for England
Carrick, who was left out by England manager Roy Hodgson for this summer's World Cup in Brazil, had a scan after a 20-minute session at St George's Park on Wednesday.
Following the results, the decision was taken to withdraw him, meaning they and Townsend will also miss the friendly with Scotland on Tuesday.
Townsend, who has six caps, missed the World Cup with a previous ankle injury.
Carrick, who has 31 caps, only made their first start of the season for United in their 1-0 win over Crystal Palace on Saturday, two weeks after recovering from an ankle injury they suffered in pre-season.
They join Manchester United manager Louis van Gaal's growing injury list which includes defenders Marcos Rojo, Rafael, Phil Jones and Jonny Evans, plus striker Radamel Falcao.
Long Spot Monday: Maddy vs. Beezie Edition
It's Monday, which means that everything feels like one big long spot. It's an “eyes up, heels down, grab mane and pray” kind of Monday. With any luck, we'll make it to the other side unscathed, and try not to send too much splintered wood flying in the process.
But then again, if you're Beezie Madden or their mini-me protoge and 2017 Maclay Finals Winner Madison Goetzmann, you can take that long spot LIKE A BOSS.
Beezie Madden and Madison Goetzmann for the win! Going for the win! Who jumped it better? Trainer Beezie Madden / John Madden Sales, Inc in 2014 with Cortes 'C' or their student Madison Goetzmann & Prestigous yesterday to win the first leg of the $100,000 US Equestrian U25 Show Jumping National Championship ??? 🤔 Tune in today at 6:45 p.m. ET to see if they can hold their lead!Bookmark to watch: https://www.usef.org/network/coverage/U25Final17/ Posted by USEF Network on Friday, November 3, 2017
Beezie Madden first took the Miraculous Long Spot three years ago in the National Horse Show Grand Prix aboard Cortes ‘C', and the resulting footage has since become one of Beezie's most iconic moments on the internet. (You can see their full winning round here.) They also won the class with that performance, making the whole thing that much more magical.
And on Thursday night, Maddy Goetzmann decided to follow in their gutsy trainer's footsteps in the $15,000 U25 Speed Class, and the same big risk had the same big payoff, winning the class and firmly planting Maddy Goetzmann on the list of future American superstars. They won the class fault-free and with a time of 61.968 seconds, beating Abigail McArdle and Chuck Berry 8 by nearly a full second.
“Being that it's the first day of the championship, our plan was to go into the first phase and be assertive and quick enough, but still at a comfortable pace so you're not risking too much,” said Maddy after the Thursday night win. “You want to be able to put a little bit of pressure on other riders, while still being within your comfort level and that worked out perfectly. We had a nice, efficient round.”
The two went on to take reserve honors overall in the U25 National Championship, and we're certain to see plenty more from this 17-year-old young lady and their ten-year-old gelding.
Moral of the story, folks? Don't fear the long spot. (I mean, maybe don't pick it on purpose, but, you know.)
Go Jumping!
If you're a curry fan, you may have noticed the term “curry” refers to a great many varieties of foodstuffs. It can get very confusing.
There are curry leaves. Then there's curry, the famous spice. And then curry is also the general name of a type of stewed dish.
So before you enjoy another bowl of Thai curry soup or use another teaspoon of curry powder, it's time you know what's what when it comes to all things curry. We're going to start with the basics: the leaves.
What are curry leaves?
bdspn via Getty Images A bunch of fresh curry leaves from the curry leaf tree.
Curry leaves are an herb cultivated from the curry leaf tree (Murraya koenigii) and are largely used in South Indian cuisine. Do not confuse them with curry powder, which is a mixture of ground spices that may or may not contain ground curry leaves. And do not confuse the curry leaf tree with the curry plant. (The curry plant might make you think of curry, but it is in fact not edible.)
Curry leaves belong to the citrus fruit family. The leaves are glossy green and have a very powerful aroma. There's a citrus quality to them, naturally, but also something else that's both bitter and sweet. There are many ways to cook with curry leaves, but they are often used in a similar fashion to bay leaves ― though they're often first fried in oil to release their flavor.
You can find curry leaves at Indian and Asian food markets. Fresh leaves can be stored in the freezer, too. Just know: once you start cooking with curry leaves, you'll never look back. And they are not a substitute for curry powder. Which leaves us with another question...
What is curry powder?
vikif via Getty Images A bright yellow heap of curry powder.
Curry powder can be a lot of different things. Actually, that's exactly what it is: curry powder is a combination of a bunch of spices. A quick search for curry powder will result in pages of recipes for how to make your own. It can range from five ingredients to more than 10, and it can include spices such as: cumin, coriander, turmeric, ginger, dry mustard, fenugreek and black pepper.
The idea of “curry powder” is a British one. (It resembles the North Indian spice mix garam masala, but it isn't a spice mix most Indian cooks would recognize.) British manufacturers came up with curry powder in an attempt to create a ready-made flavor that could recreate the flavors of South India that British colonists came to love.
In fact, the term curry for Indian cooking is also British in origin ― they lumped all the savory, spiced Indian dishes into one category called curries. You can't go to India and order a curry ― it just doesn't exist. There are several possibilities for where the word British word “curry” comes from, one being that it was derived from the word Kari, which is the word for sauce in Tamil, a South Indian language.
So, what are “curries?”
I am obsessed with blue color. When I saw SG Poppy splash art being so blue with their blue hair and background, I was ready to purchase RP, I know that Poppy doesn't have the lot of particle effects, but still you just can't use default Q particle and smash one star in middle of it and not at least make that star bluish, Yes there are are stars around it, but that animation last for 1 second, and It's pretty small, being their core ability it should be really unique. Them W is just disappointing, if your graphics aren't high or more you will barely notice any of "fading" stars , Overall, SG Poppy is different than other SG skins, instead of having color theme, they have stars and "following trail" everywhere, I would rather have Q and W being blue than E and passive having some awesome yellow, circular trail. As PBE tester I am here to express my opinion, so please respect it, I know the lot of people on reddit and youtube will agree with me. P.S They have the lot of different particle effects, but not matching ones
Title
Body Cancel
Save
I realize this isn't the most dignified way to tell you about my experience with an AED (antiepileptic drug) called Topamax AKA Topiramate and it's horrible extended release dipshit cousin Trokendi XR but, this is how words are coming out of my brain today. So, if the title hasn't given you enough warning, I'd advise you to stop reading this if you are sensitive to bad language.
*side note – this is my first time not using a stock photo! yay! how does it look? I was feeling creative.
Let's start off with what I have and, why I was prescribed this bowl of dog shit so that anyone new can get a good background on me. I have left temporal lobe epilepsy with associated myoclonus. I was diagnosed ( almost ) exactly one year ago and, have been fighting an uphill battle with finding the right medication ever since. It's been a journey. If you would like to read about that specific journey (I promise it's a good story) please click here to read Living With Epilepsy . Also follow me. Because you should, and I would really like it.
I had already tried two medications previously, Lamictal and Keppra. Neither worked and the first I was allergic to.This was prescribed in two different ways for me. First, the horrendous straight up 2x a day generic pill, the exact ones you see in the photo. And then, the extended release version,also in the photo, after the first was too “harsh”. I use quotations because that's what my doctor said. Sweet guy but, they were a brand name pill pusher.
Let me show you the warnings that come with this drug and I will highlight in red what side effects I had:
“This medicine may cause the following problems:
Eye pain or vision changes, including glaucoma
Changes in body temperature
Metabolic acidosis (too much acid in the blood)
Kidney stones
This medicine may increase depression or thoughts of suicide. Tell your doctor right away if you start to feel more depressed or think about hurting yourself.
Other side effects include but are not limited to:
Allergic reaction: Itching or hives, swelling in your face or hands, swelling or tingling in your mouth or throat, chest tightness, trouble breathing
Bloody or cloudy urine, painful urination, sudden lower back or stomach pain
Changes in vision, eye pain
Confusion, problems with walking, clumsiness, dizziness, or trouble talking, concentrating, or remembering
Feeling agitated, depressed, nervous, or irritable, thoughts of hurting yourself or others, unusual mood or behavior
Fever
decreased sweating
Numbness, tingling, or burning pain in your hands, arms, legs, or feet
Rapid, deep breathing, loss of appetite, fast or uneven heartbeat
Vomiting, unusual drowsiness, tiredness, or weakness
Change in taste
Nausea, diarrhea
Stuffy or runny nose
Weight loss”
source: National Library of Medicine
Yeah, I had all shit happen to me. I lost 15 lbs, puked daily, couldn't taste or feel carbonation on my tongue so soda tasted like it was flat and warm, also tomatoes tasted like vomit, and worst of all, Sriracha tasted like it was stepped in by a dirty hobo foot. I also was depressed for a solid 3 months. I couldn't get out of bed, I was sad about everything. I was always exhausted. The stuffy and runny nose turned into getting the flu 3 times.
Because of the decreased sweating and overall fuckery of this medication you aren't allowed to take normal medicines like Benadryl, medicines to help you sleep, ANY over the counter cold or flu medication or drink alcohol. Except, with the extended release version you couldn't drink 6 hours before or after taking the pill. So there was a slim window that allowed me to drink. When I did though, it was a total shit show and not worth it. That also ruined my sisters' 23rd birthday. It's ok though, nobody likes you when you're 23 (Blink182 reference, go me!), so I don't feel too bad about that.
Not a single moment of relief happened.
During these 3 hellish months I lived off of Gatorade, Ritz crackers, Pepto Bismol and my hate fueled rage fests sponsored by:
Tremors – You Just Can't Shake ‘Em .
That was bad. I'm done. I'll stop now.
On to the sudden back pain and painful urination. Joy. That turned out to be a horrendous bitch of an endometrial cyst on my right ovary, Gina, that was unrelated to the medication but, at the time we thought it was a kidney stone.That shit hurt! Read about my endometriosis (I have two diseases, so lucky) here Endometriosis and How I Fixed It . I like shameless plugs, they feel good.
Now, in the fashion of a classy 8th grade report, let's summarize. Topamax ruined me for 3 months, and never apologized for it. I puked, cried, shook, slept, coughed, sneezed and dropped everything for 3 months straight. It turned me into a giant, ragey (I stand by this as a word, back off spell check.) toddler easily provoked, very picky about food and, kicking the back of your airplane seat.
So, Fuck you Topamax
Also follow me on Twitter @epileptea for daily updates!! Like, comment and share with your friends and family.
A generation has grown up with easy access to every type of online porn any time they want it. Men, women and a couple take a frank, detailed look at the impact this is having.
A generation has grown up with easy access to every type of online porn any time they want it. Men, women and a couple take a frank, detailed look at the impact this is having.
How has porn changed what's now seen as "normal" sex? What pressure has it put on men and women in terms of how to perform, expectations, consent and body image?
Has it allowed people to explore their sexual identity in a way that wasn't possible before? And where does porn fit in to everyday relationships - how would you feel about your partner watching porn on a regular basis? Or is it something you've watched together?
The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild has officially out performed some of the most popular critically esteemed games of all time.
BOTW has received almost universal positive reviews, so this doesn't come as surprising that it's breaking yet another record.
While it's not the highest-rated game of all time on Metacritic, lining up behind other titles such as: Ocarina of Time, Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 2 and GTA 4, The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild now boasts the largest number of perfect review scores of any game tracked by the site.
Redditor /u/koolcandy was the first to notice this, with BOTW's astounding 43 flawless review scores passing by previous record holding titles Super Mario Galaxy 2 as well as The Last of Us. Each title earned an impressive 42 themselves.
Some may argue that this metric is meaningless as the number of varying outlets that review a title fluctuate by release, but never the less, this is just one more notable achievement for Nintendo.
It's nice to see that it was well worth the wait and that the hype for the game was definitely worthy. BOTW is the go getter in the launch lineup and the Switch has sold really well out of the gate in its 3 primary regions.
Although it may not be able to draw on installation bases available to multi-platform titles or exclusives on other certain platforms, I think its safe to say that we may be seeing even more record breaking news coming from this game in the near future. Let's stay tuned and see what emerges.
The Treasury has clawed back half a billion pounds that was allocated for health spending this year, prompting fears that the punishing NHS savings drive will go towards “general deficit reduction”.
Figures published in this week's Budget show that the Department of Health underspent its allocated funding by £900m this year. While £400m will be rolled over for the department to spend in 2012-13, the remaining £500m has been returned to the Treasury.
Nuffield Trust chief economist Anita Charlesworth told HSJ: “Although a number of NHS trusts are in deficit, the NHS is projecting a healthy surplus and the health budget as a whole is forecast to underspend by £900m this year.
“The argument for front-loading efficiency plans was to generate money to reinvest in transforming services so that they would be sustainable in later years as the impact of constrained funding started to bite.
“Instead it seems that £500m of the savings are not going to be reinvested in new models of service delivery but will instead be channeled towards central government deficit reduction.”
A DH spokesperson said: “The majority of to underspend is from the capital budget - mainly from savings on IT systems and better management of budgets. We have already taken advantage of HM Treasury's Budget Exchange Scheme and transferred the maximum amount of the capital budget into 2012-13.”
The cult of Pakistani TV soaps: Forget the hype, most of them are crap
They have got an almost cult-like following across India, they revived the flagging fortunes of a national television channel and are credited with having done more to break down cultural barriers between India and Pakistan than their political leaders and diplomats.
Even habitual Pakphobes who believe that the only thing that country does well is terrorism have developed a secret taste for them, and grudgingly acknowledge that Pakistanis are better at making TV drama than us.
But is it only me? Or has anyone else noticed how bad most of the the famed Pak TV serials ( watched by a legion of Indians courtesy Zee-Zindagi channel) are? Some as bad as the 1960s Hindi melodramatic films with mother-in-laws from hell, misogynistic husbands/boyfriends, and miserable Dickensian child characters lost in the big bad world.
All appear to have rolled off the same assembly line and made according to the same generic formula with local variations. By now everyone should be familiar with the slightly eccentric grandma constantly lamenting the loss of old values; garrulous mom-in-laws; submissive daughters; good-for-nothing sons and genial dads etc.
Many are as incredibly contrived as our own desi stuff . Plays such as Khel Kismet Ka, Thakan, Kaash Main Teri Beti Na Hoti, Aunn Zara and Shikkan--shot through with bizarre plot twists and coincidences-- are simply too painful to watch. In Kabhi Aashna Kabhi Ajnabi, for example, a woman who can't bear a child is so desperate for their husband to have an heir that they personally arrange for their reluctant husband to marry a woman—half their age—who could give them a child!
Then there is Shikkan, the story of sibling rivalry, so over-the-top that after a few episodes it becomes a struggle to see the point of this convoluted concoction. By the way, it was shown in Pakistan under the title Silvatein, but intriguingly renamed for Indian audiences. Was it something to do with the mixed reception it got in Pakistan with one critic, Zahira Mirza suggesting it should have been called Uljhanein “based on how many confusions are surrounding each & every character”?
One more example, and I will be done. Ranjish--- advertised as a “mystery drama'' with one of Pakistan's top stars Sanam Saeed in the lead and originally screened in Pakistan as Kadoorat-- is so breathtakingly absurd that even Sanam Saeed finds it a hard slog.
“Seven episodes in and Kadoorat remains unable to rise above its mediocre script, filled as it is with logic defying scenarios and loopholes galore. Were it not for Sanam Saeed's outstanding performance I would have absolutely no problems bypassing this serial,'' was the verdict of one Pakistani reviewer SZ.
If Pakistani plays are still such a huge draw in India it is more a measure of how intolerable our own soaps are (loud, over-acted, garish to the point of vulgarity) than how great the Pakistani stuff is.
Pakistanis themselves are slightly intrigued and mystified by the runaway success of their dramas in India. Indeed, it is a topic of some interesting debate on Pakistani social media sites.
Posing the question, “What has made these dramas so popular?”, one blogger writes, “Well the answer according to Indians themselves is simplicity, no over-acting, no loud makeup and strong female protagonists. Our shows don't prolong themselves through ridiculous plot twists like Reincarnations, changelings and dead spouses. Also unlike Indian dramas there isn't an overemphasis on religion which one Indian critic mocked as ‘A puja every 3 episodes'!”
Well, here it is straight from the horses' mouth via Indiatimes which lists following among the “15 Reasons why Pakistani serials are better than Indian ones”.
“They have a start and then they have a definite end. Yes!; They don't have a makeup overload covering 90% of the screen; And their actors don't wake up in make- up either; Their weddings or festivals don't stretch over for months and months; They sleep in nightwear! They don't have a single case of plastic surgery or coming back from the dead!''
Forget Indiatimes. Some of India's most respected film connoisseurs have praised Pakistani plays for their “gritty realism'' and “natural'' acting. Writing on Rediff.com, Rinki Roy Bhattacharya, documentary film-maker and wife of late director Basu Bhattacharya, was effusive in their praise describing them as “non-conformist and meaningful television''.
And, in a piece headed, “Why Do Indians Like Pakistani Soap Operas So Much?”, The Christian Science Monitor (July 30, 2014) wrote that “the warm reception is prompting Indian producers to do a rethink on the content they churn out''.
“What sets Pakistani dramas apart, according to Indian TV critics, is their fast pace …, more realistic settings (middle-class houses instead of mansions), and, unlike Bollywood--inspired dramas, a lack of singing.”
At this point I must confess that once I was also a huge admirer. Like most other Indians I was converted to them after watching Tanhaiyan and Dhoop Kinare in the 1980s. And even now there is an occasional play that is almost as good as those early classics. But the general run of fare is disappointingly pedestrian and what often saves them is their production qualities, realistic acting and on-location shooting.
So, what happened?
My Pakistani friends blame the commercialisation of Pak television industry in recent years. In a country where the film industry never really took off, TV emerged as the main source of entertainment under the aegis of PTV. It became the hub of creative talent--hiring and nurturing the best directors, writers and actors.
But with the advent of commercial TV channels private production companies mushroomed; and in the ensuing scramble for competition quality became a casualty. Mass production led to hastily commissioned and poorly executed programmes flooding the market. And it is these that we're seeing now.
Even earlier there was some pretty awful stuff around but as Indian audiences got to see only the best—and because their own productions were so bad—they started to believe in their own hype about Pakistani shows.
When Zindagi was launched last June, some Pakistani critics had warned that ultimately Indians might see through the hype.
“So far, the Indians are being treated to the best of our dramas. What if they see some of our recent ‘masterpieces'. What if Indians see Asmanon pe likha? A tale of two star-crossed idiots!? LOL,'' wrote one woman critic on Pakistani entertainment website, Reviewit.PK .
For all that, I will still bat for anything that might help break barriers between ordinary Indians and Pakistanis. Even if it means watching bad TV plays.
Updated Date: Apr 20, 2015 12:17:17 IST
Tony Roddy talks to members of the Joliet Boys and Girls Club about their walk across the United States during a presentation in Joliet, Ill. (Lathan Goumas/The Herald-News via AP)
Surely you've heard of the “grit” phenomenon. Teaching, measuring and testing grit in students — especially students who live in poverty — has become part of the broad education reform debate. Here is a post that questions the whole concept and traces its history, showing that it started out of concern for spoiled well-off kids. This was written by Ethan Ris, a doctoral candidate in education at Stanford University. Their research is on the history and practice of reform in both K-12 and higher education.
[Now some schools are testing kids for their ‘grit' and ‘joy' levels. Really.]
By Ethan Ris
The character trait “grit” is very much back in the news today. The scholar most closely identified with the topic, University of Pennsylvania psychology Professor of Angela Duckworth, has a book out (titled “Grit,” of course), which was recently profiled in the New York Times, and they penned a widely circulated Times op-ed last month on whether grit should be used as a measure of school quality.
There is something about grit, which Duckworth defines as “perseverance and passion for long-term goals,” that captures the public imagination. It is shorthand for a range of qualities that we treasure, especially in children. Life is hard, grit tells us, but good things come to those who tough it out.
There's more to the story, however. In a recent peer-reviewed article in the Journal of Educational Controversy, I examined the history of the discourse surrounding this special trait. It far predates Duckworth's research, of course. My investigation led me to two conclusions. The first is that the widespread assumption that grit is a salient concept for low-income students is a stark misconception. The second is that while grit theory offers little of value to those disadvantaged students, it can certainly harm them, by romanticizing hardship.
My longitudinal analysis shows that the conversation originated in the late 19th century, and was never focused on “at-risk” children. Instead, grit was understood as an antidote to the ease and comfort of wealth, which produced spoiled children who lacked the vigor of their ancestors. The remedy was to toughen them up. While some families took this cause seriously (elite boarding schools in the early 20th century proudly advertised their Spartan living conditions), the easiest way to impart grit was through literature. The celebrated Horatio Alger books were written and sold as instructive tools to teach middle and upper class children about the virtues that came from struggling against hardship.
By the middle of the century, a range of institutions had emerged to foster grit, including Boy and Girl Scouts, Little League, and rain-or-shine paper routes (especially the hugely popular weekly called Grit, which was only sold by children). In the economic boom following World War Two, sales of Horatio Alger books jumped once again, setting the stage for the 1968 novel and John Wayne film True Grit, yet another instructive tale of a determined child persevering to overcome daunting odds.
Today, however, this history is forgotten. Public discussion on grit overwhelming focuses on grit's salience for low-income children. Journalists, especially, have embraced the grit narrative and are quick to apply it to poor and minority children.
Paul Tough, perhaps best known for introducing the Harlem Children's Zone to the readers of The New York Times Magazine, is at the forefront of this turn. Their 2012 book How Children Succeed: Grit, Curiosity, and the Hidden Power of Character, which spent 49 weeks on the Times paperback non-fiction best sellers list, dwells extensively on Duckworth's research and ties it repeatedly to low-income students. To temper the tedium of synthesized academic studies, Tough sprinkles their narrative with interviews with impoverished young people. Most are exemplars of Horatio Alger-style grit, having overcoming absentee parents, racism, and violence before succeeding academically. [Tough has a new book being published later this month, titled “Helping Children Succeed," which argues that schools should stop trying to teach qualities such as grit to kids.]
Here, though, is the fundamental problem with the notion that the importance of grit has to do with bettering the chances of disadvantaged students. Children raised in poverty display ample amounts of grit every day, and they don't need more of it in school. As former NBC News anchor Brian Williams noted while interviewing low-income students about grit at a KIPP charter school: “The kids we met here at KIPP already get it.”
As Duckworth and other scholars insist, grit is not a fixed quality but one that can be developed. And what better arena for developing grit than facing the hardships of poverty and surviving? Poor children, therefore, are not the ones who need to be taught grit. As I show in my research, they are the ones who have historically taught it to the rest of us.
And yet, the grit discourse today is almost entirely about low-income students, which in turn has fueled a backlash that argues that grit theory is potentially racist or eugenicist. This misdirected focus from both sides of the debate is even odder given that Duckworth's foundational research was conducted in largely privileged populations: Ivy League undergraduates, West Point cadets, and high-achieving contestants in the National Spelling Bee.
Furthermore, while grit has notoriously been proposed as a metric for assessing low-performing schools, it has also been quietly adopted as part of the curriculum at elite private schools like New York's Riverdale and Missouri's New City School.
Both sides of the debate miss the fact that historically, the grit discourse is driven primarily not by concerns about disadvantaged students but by the anxiety of middle and upper-class parents about the character of their own children. The critics, however, are right that poor children are the inevitable losers of this game. An overemphasis on character education means that fewer resources will be spent on teaching disadvantaged students the skills and knowledge they need to actually succeed academically and professionally. Sisyphus had plenty of grit, but it didn't get them very far.
Furthermore, as Mike Rose writes, there is an inherent failure of responsibility in the notion that the biggest problem poor children face is their inability to deal with the ravages of poverty: “[C]an you imagine the outcry if, let's say, an old toxic dump was discovered near Scarsdale or Beverly Hills and the National Institutes of Health undertook a program to teach kids strategies to lessen the effects of the toxins but didn't do anything to address the toxic dump itself?” Rose's point is not that social and emotional learning programs are a waste of time; rather, the problem is that describing these as panaceas can be a dangerous distraction from more pressing issues.
Finally, real harm can come from romanticizing poverty as a character-building experience. If privileged classes see poor children as potential role models for their own offspring, they risk losing sight of the enormous harms caused by a childhood without high-quality housing, health care, nutrition, and education. The grit discourse does not teach that poor children deserve poverty; it teaches that poverty itself is not so bad. In fact, hardship provides the very traits required to escape hardship. This logic is as seductive as it is circular. Pulling yourself up by the bootstraps is seen as a virtuous enterprise whether practiced by Horatio Alger's urchins or Silicon Valley's entrepreneurs (bootstrapping is a common term in technology finance circles). And most importantly, it creates a purported path out of poverty that does not involve any sacrifice on the part of the privileged classes.
This conversation, of course, quickly takes on a dangerous character. If grit provides the pathway to success, and grit comes from persevering through hardship, then the best way to help poor people is to make sure that their lives remain difficult. Grit it is an eminently useful concept, but not because it can help the prospects of disadvantaged students. Instead, it helps middle and upper-class adults explain and counteract the shortcomings of their own children, and it also helps them put off the sacrifices that could break down the American caste system.
The NHL has a new-look heading into the 2013-14 season, and as we continue our look around the league we now focus our efforts on the Minnesota Wild. Much like the St. Louis Blues a few years ago, the Wild are known for having a young, talented team that is climbing the ranks of the NHL. As the Wild enter the Blues division, the chance for a rivalry will heat up. This time I spoke with Ger Devine of Gone Puck Wild . Here is what they had to say about the Wild:
1. The Wild made waves last season picking up the two biggest names in free agency, but that didn't help the team as drastically as some had hoped. How well do you see the team performing in the 2013-14 season?
Mikael Granlund and Nino Niederreiter need to harness their immense talent and establish themselves as NHLers. Parise's production rate needs to get back to where it was during their peak years. Pominville needs to show why the franchise gave up so much to get him. If these things happen, then the Wild could make the playoffs and maybe even win a round. Unfortunately, it is just as likely that they will miss out, as Conference III is gonna be a dog-fight. I think the Wild could make the playoffs again this year, but right now that is dependent on a few things swinging their way.andneed to harness their immense talent and establish themselves as NHLers. Parise's production rate needs to get back to where it was during their peak years. Pominville needs to show why the franchise gave up so much to get him. If these things happen, then the Wild could make the playoffs and maybe even win a round. Unfortunately, it is just as likely that they will miss out, as Conference III is gonna be a dog-fight.
2. The Blues and Wild have a chance to build a strong rivalry being located so closely. In the past the North Stars and Blues shared a rivalry. How do Wild fans view the Blues?
David Backes being Minnesotan. Personally, I can't stand the Blues, so I'm gonna enjoy the hell out of those games. The Blues are a physical, aggressive team and have guys like Ryan Reaves and Maxim Lapierre on the roster, so they're quite easy to dislike. A lot of Wild fans really love the Blues because ofbeing Minnesotan. Personally, I can't stand the Blues, so I'm gonna enjoy the hell out of those games. The Blues are a physical, aggressive team and have guys likeandon the roster, so they're quite easy to dislike. 3. What team are you most concerned about in the new Central Division and why?
Dave Bolland and Dan “Gorilla Salad” Carcillo have been cast-off. They won the Stanley Cup with one of the worst powerplays I've ever seen, and without being able to win face-offs with any kind of regularity. Not to mention, they have one of the best prospect pools in the league, with guys like Brandon Pirri and Drew LeBlanc looking to make the team this year. They're a scary, scary team. The Chicago Blackhawks. They were the best team in the league last year, yet they didn't have to endure any cap-hell this Summer and actually look stronger now that dead weight likeand Dan “Gorilla Salad” Carcillo have been cast-off. They won the Stanley Cup with one of the worst powerplays I've ever seen, and without being able to win face-offs with any kind of regularity. Not to mention, they have one of the best prospect pools in the league, with guys likeandlooking to make the team this year. They're a scary, scary team.
4. What team entering the new division are you least concerned about and why?
Tyler Seguin should help, but that roster is a long way from being competitive right now. I could say the Predators as they have no players who can score goals, or maybe the Avs, who have no defencemen…but I'm gonna go with the Dallas Stars. They've got some decent young players, andshould help, but that roster is a long way from being competitive right now.
5. With the Western Conference having just 14 teams to the Eastern Conference's 16, do you think another mid-western team makes sense? Where would you want to put one and would it make for a good rivalry?
I think it makes sense. As I'm Irish, my mid-west geography isn't so good. But, at a glance, maybe Kansas City would be a good fit. They have NHL history, and would be a reasonably nearby rival for the Blues.
6. With the development of some great young talent, the Blues and Wild seem to be two teams in the Central with a lot of young guns coming up the ranks. Do you think we will be seeing a lot of each other in post season play?
Yeah I think so. I see the Blues, Hawks and Wild establishing dominance in Conference III over the next few years, as they all have strong prospect pools. Obviously, not every prospect works-out the way you hope, but, for the Blues and Wild, there's the advantage of having a lot of young players already seeing some NHL action, which should help their development.
7. The Wild seem to be missing one major piece, a goaltender. Do you think the team will make a move in the near future to pick up a big name netminder or will they continue with an aging Niklas Backstrom and a lackluster Josh Harding?
Josh Harding to take-over as the #1 this year, but unfortunately this was derailed when they were diagnosed with MS. Well, everything was set-up forto take-over as the #1 this year, but unfortunately this was derailed when they were diagnosed with MS. James Reimer, who seems to be unwanted in Toronto, but that didn't happen. Before Backstrom was re-signed, I was hoping the Wild would trade for the excellent, who seems to be unwanted in Toronto, but that didn't happen. Darcy Kuemper and Johan Gustafsson) develop in the AHL and then replace Backs. Obviously, Harding's health is going to be a big factor in whether or not the team look to sign a veteran or make a trade in the near future. Now that Backstrom appears to be here to stay for the next 3 years, the plan seems to be to let one of our 2 elite goaltending prospects (and Johan Gustafsson) develop in the AHL and then replace Backs. Obviously, Harding's health is going to be a big factor in whether or not the team look to sign a veteran or make a trade in the near future.
I want to thank Ger once again for taking the time to answer a few questions for us about the Minnesota Wild in the upcoming 2013-14 season. For more information about the Blues, Wild and every other team in the league, stay tuned to Bleedin' Blue and follow us on Facebook.
LET'S GO BLUES!
-Alex Hodschayan
While the chamber has local outposts across the United States, it also has more than 100 affiliates around the world. Foreign branches pay dues and typically hew to the U.S. Chamber's strategy, often advancing it on the ground. Members include both American and foreign businesses, a symbiotic relationship that magnifies the chamber's clout.
For foreign companies, membership comes with “access to the U.S. Embassy” according to the Cambodian branch, and entree to “the U.S. government,” according to the Azerbaijan branch. Members in Hanoi get an invitation to an annual trip to “lobby Congress and the administration” in Washington.
Since Mr. Donohue took over in 1997, they have steered the chamber into positions that have alienated some members. In 2009, the chamber threatened to sue if the Environmental Protection Agency regulated greenhouse gas emissions, disputing its authority to act on climate change. That led Nike to step down from the chamber's board, and to Apple's departure from the group. In 2013, the American arm of the Swedish construction giant Skanska resigned, protesting the chamber's support for what Skanska called a “chemical industry-led initiative” to lobby against green building codes.
The chamber's tobacco lobbying has led to confusion for many countries, Dr. da Costa e Silva said, adding “there is a misconception that the American chamber of commerce represents the government of the U.S.” In some places like Estonia, the lines are blurred. The United States ambassador there, Jeffrey Levine, serves as honorary president of the chamber's local affiliate; the affiliate quoted Philip Morris in a publication outlining its priorities.
The tobacco industry has increasingly turned to international courts to challenge antismoking laws that countries have enacted after the passage of the W.H.O. treaty. Early this year, Michael R. Bloomberg and Bill Gates set up an international fund to fight such suits. Matthew L. Myers, president of the Campaign for Tobacco-Free Kids, an advocacy group that administers the fund, called the chamber “the tobacco industry's most formidable front group,” adding, “it pops up everywhere.”
In Ukraine, the chamber's involvement was no surprise to Hanna Hopko, the lawmaker who led the hearing in Parliament. They said the chamber there had fought against antismoking laws for years.
“They were against the tobacco tax increase, they were against placing warning labels on cigarettes,” they said. “This is just business as usual for them.”
A man waves Turkey's national flag ahead of the Democracy and Martyrs Rally, organized by Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan and supported by ruling AK Party (AKP), oppositions Republican People's Party (CHP) and Nationalist Movement Party (MHP), to protest against last month's failed military coup attempt, in Istanbul, Turkey, August 7, 2016. REUTERS/Osman Orsal
ANKARA (Reuters) - Turkey suspended from duty 168 officers and 123 non-commissioned officers from its navy over alleged links to a coup attempt in July, the defense ministry said on Sunday, as the government continues its purge.
It also dismissed 15 officers and 4 non-commissioned officers from the navy, the statement said.
Since the failed coup attempt, more than 110,000 judges, teachers, police and civil servants have been suspended or dismissed and 36,000 formally arrested in a crackdown that President Tayyip Erdoğan's critics say is quashing legitimate opposition.
Late on Saturday, an Istanbul court formally arrested the chairperson of opposition newspaper Cumhuriyet at Istanbul's main airport on Friday, days after nine of its executives and journalists were formally arrested.
Authorities had ordered the paper's editor and senior staff be held in jail pending trial over the secularist newspaper's alleged support for a coup attempt on July 15.
Under the state of emergency declared after the coup attempt, police can detain suspects for up to 30 days before a court must decide whether to issue a formal arrest warrant pending trial.
Turkey has also closed more than 130 media outlets since July, raising concerns among its Western allies about deteriorating press freedoms.
If you've been anywhere near Facebook or Twitter in the past several months, you're probably aware that there is a case working its way through the courts that accuses Donald Trump of raping a 13-year-old girl in 1994.
On Wednesday, the woman, who remains anonymous, was slated to appear at a press conference with their new attorney, Lisa Bloom, the daughter of Gloria Allred. Bloom wrote a column about the case in The Huffington Post last summer.
BREAKING: woman who sued Donald Trump for child rape breaks their silence today. https://t.co/ecbzZ6jxSU pic.twitter.com/kdCRsG7wIm — Lisa Bloom (@LisaBloom) November 2, 2016
For months, people have wondered why this case isn't getting more ― or, really, any ― attention in the press, even now that Trump faces an actual court date: a Dec. 16 status conference with the judge.
The allegations aren't entirely implausible on their face. The accuser says Trump raped them repeatedly at parties thrown by since-convicted pedophile Jeffrey Epstein, who was widely known to throw wild parties with young women and girls. Epstein was convicted in 2008 of soliciting an underage girl for prostitution and served a small portion of an 18-year sentence.
In a New York magazine profile of Epstein before they went to prison, and long before Trump ran for president, Trump acknowledged that they know Epstein. “I've known Jeff for fifteen years. Terrific guy,'' Trump says in the story. “He's a lot of fun to be with. It is even said that they like beautiful women as much as I do, and many of them are on the younger side. No doubt about it ― Jeffrey enjoys their social life.”
The lawsuit against Trump includes affidavits from two anonymous women who say they were witnesses. Yet there's been little coverage of the case. As one of the media outlets that has not published much about it, I can say there are two main reasons we shied away.
The accuser is anonymous.
The accuser in this case is anonymous, and the suit is filed under a pseudonym in New York. A previous case filed in California used the name “Katie Johnson.” To accuse someone in print of forcibly raping a child is about as serious a charge as can be made. To do that with an anonymous accuser would be an extraordinary step, putting the journalist's reputation on the line.
One senior national reporter who has covered both campaigns said that the anonymity was the main stumbling block. “If it's something that's this damaging to a candidate, you better be sure, and she's anonymous,” the reporter said, asking for anonymity to talk openly about the decision-making process. “Look, if they came out and they would do an interview, that would be different, but she's an anonymous plaintiff.”
To go forward with an anonymous source shifts responsibility for the veracity of the claims from the accuser to the reporter. If the person is named and on record, the reporter can argue that they or they are merely reporting what the person is saying, and people are free to believe them or not. But giving anonymity says something different to an audience. It suggests, I, as a journalist, have investigated this person and these charges, and find them sufficiently credible to bring them forward without a name attached. Especially in the wake of the Rolling Stone fiasco, that requires an extreme amount of confidence in the source.
And the way the case rolled out did not inspire that confidence.
The accuser's public backers have been savaged in the press.
One of the leading organizers of the effort to get the press to pay attention to this case is Steve Baer, an outspoken Republican donor. Baer last made news when their effort to out an alleged affair between Reps. Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) and Renee Ellmers (R-N.C.) contributed to McCarthy dropping their bid to become House speaker. Baer's style is to liberally cc and bcc an endless stream of powerful people, and it usually has the effect of getting none of them to listen.
When I wrote to them Monday night, for instance, to say I was going to write a story on why the media were avoiding the child rape story, they replied and cc'ed Washington Post Executive Editor Marty Baron, along with a host of other media figures.
And Baer, in fact, is among the more credible advocates the accuser has going for them
The accuser initially filed the case on their own behalf in California, but it was tossed for not stating an articulable violation of their civil rights. The case has since been refiled in New York, under the representation of a patent lawyer named Thomas Meagher. A patent lawyer handling the case hasn't inspired the most confidence. (He didn't respond to a request for comment.)
The least credible backer has to be a man who may or may not be named Al Taylor, but is more likely named Norm Lubow, and was apparently a former producer for “The Jerry Springer Show.”
Media outlets that have tried to get in touch with Johnson have had extreme difficulty doing so. The Daily Beast did a deep dive into the case and the people supporting the accuser in July, and came to a devastating conclusion: “Far from derailing the Trump train, Katie Johnson and their supporters seem to be in an out-of-control clown car whose wheels just came off,” wrote Brandy Zadrozny.
The Guardian and Jezebel also looked into the situation and came up with equally unfavorable takes. A writer who actually talked to Johnson came away confused about what to make of the allegations. It's unclear if anybody has managed to speak to Tiffany Doe or Joan Doe, the two witnesses cited in the case. “Jezebel, The Guardian and The Daily Beast effectively poisoned the well on Katie's credibility,” Baer lamented to HuffPost, accurately.
If you're still struggling to understand why the story didn't get more coverage, imagine for a moment that you're a reporter thinking about spending weeks looking into it. Then go read the Daily Beast article. Still ready to go down that rabbit hole?
But as the reality of the court date increasingly dawns on the press, coupled with Trump's own admission that they sexually assault women, the case is getting harder to ignore. Baer said that two media outlets have recently done interviews with Johnson, and stories could pop at any minute.
Erik Wemple, a media reporter at The Washington Post, said they haven't talked to many journalists about their decision to shy away from the story. “I can't cover everything,” they said. “Around the spring, the Washington Post was getting hammered for assigning two dozen reporters to investigate Trump. I wrote a piece wondering whether that was anywhere near enough. It wasn't, as it turns out.”
In some ways, given the role of Facebook in disseminating news, it matters less this cycle than any other previous one that the media have largely ignored the case. Open platforms, too, have helped the story circulate. The story that Bloom published on HuffPost's contributor platform has been shared on Facebook 140,000 times. The piece has been viewed 5,221,475 times since June.
With Bloom's planned press conference on Wednesday, things might have changed.
But Johnson's appearance was canceled at the last minute because Bloom said their client had received threats and was afraid of appearing in public.
Press conference cancelled, Jane Doe has received numerous threats, afraid to show their face. -Lisa Bloom — Matt Ferner (@matthewferner) November 2, 2016
Bloom: "We're going to have to reschedule. I have nothing further." — Matt Ferner (@matthewferner) November 2, 2016
On Friday evening, Bloom announced that their client had instructed them to dismiss the lawsuit.
Jane Doe instructed us to dismiss their lawsuit against Trump and Epstein today. Tough week for them We wish them well. https://t.co/dnwCRFrZM5 — Lisa Bloom (@LisaBloom) November 5, 2016
This story has been updated to note the cancellation of the press conference and the dismissal of the suit.
Lebanon's army is trying to quell deadly clashes between Lebanese supporters and opponents of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad. One soldier died yesterday (Oct 28) and several were wounded in the northern city of Tripoli as army units deployed in a bid to curb a week of fighting between warring sectarian neighborhoods.
The seven days of clashes in Lebanon's second largest city have left at least 17 dead and more than 100 wounded, say government officials. The fighting is prompting worries once again that spillover violence from the civil war raging in neighboring Syria will trigger widespread sectarian conflict in Lebanon.
Lebanon's Prime Minister Najib Miqati sought to reassure Lebanese on Tuesday (Oct. 29) saying the country's security forces have received “clear orders to restore calm and impose security in Tripoli.”
The fighting the past week between residents of Bab al-Tebbaneh, an Alawi neighborhood that supports Assad, and Sunni Muslims in the district of Jabal Mohsen is the worst Syrian-related gun battle seen in Lebanon in weeks.
The adjacent neighborhoods have had a long history of conflict that stretches back to the 1975 Lebanese civil war.
Politicians pledge military will restore order
The direct firing on Lebanese army units appears to have particularly alarmed the country's politicians.
Prime Minister Miqati told reporters Lebanese army commanders have been assured that there is “political cover for them to impose security and that more military reinforcements will be sent to Tripoli.”
In June when gunmen loyal to a hardline Sunni Muslim cleric fired on Lebanese soldiers in the southern city of Sidon – the worst fighting in that city since 2008 -- the response was firm and an army crackdown was endorsed by the main political leaders of the country's various sectarian factions.
Miqati, who heads a fragile power-sharing caretaker government, says the army command has “a comprehensive plan consisting of imposing more than one security cordon, not only on the demarcation line between Jabal Mohsen and Bab al-Tebbaneh, but also in depth in order to prevent new clashes.”
The fighting in Tripoli broke out last week after a Lebanese television station broadcast an interview with Assad, in which they said the time is not ripe for peace talks to resolve the civil war in Syria.
Lebanon is deeply divided over the Syrian conflict next door. The majority of Sunnis support the rebellion, while Shia and adherents of Alawi Islam, a Shia offshoot, back Assad. Lebanese Sunnis have fought alongside rebels in Syria and helped with arms supplies and ferrying the wounded to privately funded hospitals in Lebanon.
The sectarian nature of the Syrian civil war and the increasing military role in it of the Lebanese Shia movement Hezbollah, which has sent fighters to assist Assad, is aggravating historical divisions between Lebanese Sunni Muslims and Shia, according to author and commentator Michael Young.
“The fact that today Hezbollah is intervening on the side of the Syrian regime has really only exacerbated a problem that has been there for several years,” they say.
Foreign jihadists raise tensions
Ali Mohammed Fadlallah, a spokesperson for the predominantly Alawi Arab Democratic Party, blames the fighting in Tripoli on the “presence of foreign Jihadists in Lebanon,” a consequence of the civil war in Syria, which they say is attracting foreign fighters to Lebanon.
The dangers for Lebanon are mounting fast. Jihadists affiliated with al Qaeda have been infiltrating Lebanon and forming alliances with radical Sunni groups, say Lebanese army sources. Much of their activity has been focused on recruiting for the war in Syria but they are a destabilizing factor.
Retired Lebanese army general Hisham Jaber estimates there are more than 5000 foreign jihadists using Lebanon as a base. They believe the situation can be contained and that neither Hezbollah nor Sunni militants want a full-scale conflict on Lebanese soil while Lebanon is useful as a logistical base for both sides in Syria. But they warned that might not always be the case.
“If the situation in Syria changes in a dramatic way. In this case it will move directly to Lebanon and we will lose control,” they say.
The regular parliamentary committee that oversees all intelligence services and a special parliamentary inquiry into the National Security Agency are also seeking more details and questioning key officials.
The matter raises anew the questions that flared in 2013 with the release of American government documents by Edward J. Snowden, a former N.S.A. contractor, revealing the extent of American spying operations domestically and abroad. In the United States, Congress is now poised to reel in some of the surveillance measures that were adopted after the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks.
But Germans reacted with revulsion when the extent of American spying on Europeans was revealed. Germany's memory of the Nazi and Communist regimes that spied on their citizens gave the revelations a special edge. Mr. Snowden is more of a popular hero here than elsewhere in Europe, and anti-N.S.A. sentiment remains high.
At the same time, attacks by Islamist militants and the threat of homegrown extremists have challenged the intelligence equation in Europe. The French government is expanding its intelligence services' powers to combat terrorism.
Ms. Merkel, asked on Monday whether their maxim about spying among friends still applied, said this was an “important” question and added, “I think the answer should be that it should not occur.”
Image Interior Minister Thomas de Maizière on Tuesday. Credit Maurizio Gambarini/Deutsche Presse-Agentur, via European Pressphoto Agency
But they recalled that they had noted in 2013 that it was necessary to strike a balance between liberty and security, and that this “will continue to be my job.”
“There is an innate tension,” they added. “We must improve what needs to be improved through reports to the parliamentary control bodies. But on the other hand, even if it is not so popular right now, it is part of their job for our intelligence services, especially the B.N.D., that they must and will cooperate internationally to protect the bodies and lives of 80 million Germans as best they can.”
As air pollution in China continues to shorten lives, the government is heavily promoting solar power as a cleaner source of energy. Paradoxically, though, that same air pollution is also reducing the effectiveness of the nation's solar plants.
The particulate matter lodging itself deep in people's lungs is also reducing the amount of sun reaching solar arrays, according to a study published last week (paywall) in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, a US journal.
Using NASA satellite data, researchers at Princeton University examined how much of the sun's radiation was reduced by aerosol components, including sulfate, nitrate, and carbon particulate matter—the stuff of air pollution. Examining data covering all of China from 2003 to 2014, the researchers found that in northern and eastern China, the country's most polluted areas, air pollution could reduce solar electricity generation by up to 1.5 kilowatt-hours per square meter every day. That could mean a 35% drop of production capacity in the eastern province of Shandong, one of the top 10 provinces (link in Chinese) in terms of photovoltaic capacity last year.
In western China, which is less industrialized and urbanized, air pollution still cut around 10% of solar power production, the study found.
Quartz China's solar photovoltaic electricity generation distribution by location.
The worst waste came in winter, when the blocking effect of air pollution was similar to that of clouds (pdf). Winter air pollution prevented about 20% of solar energy from reaching photovoltaic panels on average.
Such waste certainly doesn't help China with its solar ambitions. Last year the nation became the largest solar energy producer by boosting its installed photovoltaic capacity to over 77 gigawatts, and it's aiming for 105 by 2020 (link in Chinese). Cleaner air would make things easier.
There's an old saying in journalism that there are no new stories, only new reporters. The revelation that U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder's old law firm used to represent the bankrupt brokerage firm MF Global Holdings is a great example.
Here's the lead paragraph from an article yesterday on the right-leaning news website Breitbart.com, which was following up on an op-ed in the Washington Times:
"Those wondering why the Department of Justice has refused to go after Jon Corzine for the vaporization of $1.6 billion in MF Global client funds need look no further than the documents uncovered by the Government Accountability Institute that reveal that the now-defunct MF Global was a client of Attorney General Eric Holder and Assistant Attorney General Lanny Breuer's former law firm, Covington & Burling."
It's great fodder for the scandal mill. It's also not a surprise. Covington & Burling, a powerhouse Washington law firm that was founded in 1919 by former Representative James Harry Covington, in recent years has represented JPMorgan Chase, Wells Fargo, Citigroup, Bank of America, Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs and UBS, to name a few. It would have been more surprising if the firm had never represented MF Global. Corzine, for anyone who hasn't been paying attention, is the former New Jersey governor who was MF's chief executive when it collapsed.
When it comes to financial debacles and Washington, some players never change. Covington & Burling represented the disgraced Charles Mitchell of National City Bank (now Citigroup) at the Pecora Commission hearings held by the Senate Banking Committee during the 1930s. (The name came from the committee's chief counsel, Ferdinand Pecora, who investigated Wall Street corruption and fraud after the 1929 stock market crash. You can read more about Mitchell and the hearings in this excerpt from Michael Perino's superb book about Pecora, "The Hellhound of Wall Street.")
This isn't to say it's a good thing for the Justice Department's leaders to have such close Wall Street ties. It's not, especially when the government has brought so few fraud prosecutions related to the financial crisis. Whoever wins the presidential election this fall, here's a suggestion: Find an attorney general who doesn't have these kinds of connections. It would go a long way toward restoring Americans' faith in the justice system.
(Jonathan Weil is a Bloomberg View columnist. Follow them on Twitter.)
Creating hospital teams devoted to treating pregnant women who have sickle cell disease reduced death rates for those women by almost 90 percent, a study at a major hospital in Ghana showed.
Sickle cell disease is common in West Africa, and among black people in the Americas whose ancestors came from West Africa. It is caused by a genetic mutation that if inherited from only one parent protects against malaria, but if inherited from both parents can be lethal. Red blood cells can collapse into curved “sickle” shapes and clump together to jam capillaries, sometimes causing excruciating pain, shortness of breath and death.
At the Korle-Bu Teaching Hospital in Accra, the capital of Ghana, women with sickle cell disease were about 12 times as likely to die in childbirth as women without it, according to a study presented last month at the American Society of Hematology.
To overcome that, the hospital formed teams of nurses, obstetricians and blood and lung specialists and assigned them to care for all pregnant women with the disease. If the women suffered serious pain or breathing crises, and when they began labor, they got beds in two wards overseen by the team.
Town of Tulia
Texas “Officer of the Year” chalked up 38 wrongful convictions
Thirty-eight residents of the Texas panhandle town of Tulia were convicted of drug offenses in 1999 and 2000 based on uncorroborated allegations by Thomas Coleman, an undercover agent for a federally funded multi-jurisdictional narcotics task force. For their efforts, Coleman was designated “Officer of the Year” in 2000 by Texas Attorney General (later U.S. Senator) John Cornyn.
After evidence of massive fraud by Coleman was brought to light by journalists and volunteer lawyers, Texas Governor Rick Perry pardoned thirty-five of the defendants in 2003. Two of the remaining defendants were ineligible for pardons because they had received deferred adjudication after pleading guilty. The thirty-eighth defendant was a juvenile whose conviction would not remain on their record.
The convicted defendants were among 47 men and women — 12 of the latter — from whom Coleman claimed to have purchased narcotics on 117 occasions during the 18 months leading up to their arrests in a predawn sweep on July 23, 1999. Swisher County District Attorney Terry D. McEachern proceeded with the prosecutions even though no illegal drugs were found in the possession of any of the defendants and even though there were no witnesses to or recordings of any of the alleged transactions. Later it would come to light that Coleman carried a card proclaiming themselves a member of the Ku Klux Klan — a troubling fact given that, in a town with only 300 to 400 black residents, thirty four of the 38 convicted defendants were black.
Defendants who invoked their right to jury trials in late 1999 and early 2000 were convicted in short order and handed severe sentences. Terms ranging from twenty to ninety years following jury convictions were imposed for alleged cocaine sales on four black defendants — Freddie Brookins, Jr., Christopher Eugene Jackson, Joe Welton Moore, and Jason Jerome Williams. The longest sentence, however, was given to William Cash Love, a 25-year-old white father of a mixed-race child. Coleman accused Love of selling cocaine on eight occasions. Love was sentenced to 361 years.
Thirty defendants — 27 blacks, two Hispanics, and one non-Hispanic Caucasian — agreed to plead guilty in exchange for relative leniency. The longest sentences resulting from pleas were eighteen years for three blacks — Dennis Mitchell Allen, Willie B. Hall, and Timothy Wayne Towery. Another black, Donald Wayne Smith, pled guilty to five sales of powdered cocaine and was sentenced to twelve and a half years.
Blacks who pled guilty in exchange for prison sentences ranging from one to 10 years were Troy Benard, Armenu Jerrod Ervin, Jason Paul Fry, Mandrell Henry, Denise Kelly, Vincent Dwight McCray, Yolanda Yvonne Smith, Alberta Stell Williams, and Michelle Williams. One black, Marilyn Joyce Cooper, traded a guilty plea for a sentence of just three days, and another, Romona Lynn Strickland, for a $2,000 fine.
Guilty pleas in exchange for probation were entered by another ten blacks — James Ray Barrow, Leroy Barrow, Michael Fowler, Vickie Fry, Cleveland Joe Harrison, Eliga Kelly, Sr., Joseph Corey Marshall, Kenneth Ray Powell, Finaye Shelton, and Lawanda Smith. Two blacks, Etta Kelly and Benny Lee Robinson, traded guilty pleas for deferred adjudication. The Hispanics who pled guilty were Daniel G. Olivarez, who received twelve years, and Laura Ann Mata, who received five years. The only white defendant among the plea-bargaining group, Calvin Kent Klein, drew 10 years. Sixteen-year-old Jonathan Loftin, who was black, was sentenced to boot camp for juvenile offenders.
Following the early round of trials, only two defendants rejected plea deals. They were Kizzie Rashawn White and Kareem Abdul Jabbar White, siblings who apparently shared disdain for pleading guilty to crimes they did not commit. The Whites, who were black, were convicted in separate jury trials. In exhorting Kizzie White's jury to convict, McEachern mentioned that Coleman had been designated “the most outstanding law enforcement officer of the year” and asked rhetorically, “If you can't believe him, well, then, who can you believe?”
In fact, McEachern knew that Coleman had been arrested in 1998 in nearby Cochran County on charges of, among other things, using a county debit card to buy gasoline for their personal use. McEachern had learned of Coleman's arrest record in July 1999, but had illegally withheld that information from defense lawyers and had done nothing when Coleman testified that they had never been arrested. The jury, of course, found Kizzie White guilty and they were sentenced to twenty-five years. Them brother received sixty years — pushing the total prison time imposed on adults in the Tulia cases to more than 765 years.
The Texas Court of Appeals in Amarillo affirmed the first four cases that came before it, deeming Coleman's testimony factually sufficient to support the guilty verdicts. Meanwhile, however, two white Tulia residents, Charles Kiker and Alan Bean — who said they were offended by what they saw as a travesty of justice — had launched a group called Friends for Justice. The group brought the story to the attention of Nate Blakeslee, a writer for the Texas Observer, who wrote about the case first in June 2000. Blakeslee's report attracted the attention of, among others, Vanita Gupta, a young lawyer with the NAACP Legal Defense Fund in New York. Gupta assembled a legal team to represent the imprisoned defendants in state habeas corpus proceedings.
In July 2000, New York Times columnist Bob Herbert launched a series of columns about the Tulia cases, the first of which was headlined “Kafka in Tulia.” Herbert's columns, in Blakeslee's view, shamed the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals — normally hostile to habeas claims — into sending four cases back to the trial court for evidentiary hearings. The cases were remanded to Judge Ed Self, who had presided over not only those cases but most of the others as well.
In late 2002, when Judge Self was seeking reelection, Friends for Justice accused them of having improperly suppressed evidence regarding Coleman at the trials. The summer before the Tulia arrests, Coleman had been charged with felony of public property in another county — a fact that McEachern, the prosecutor, had withheld from the Tulia defendants' trial lawyers. Self responded with a letter to the Tulia Herald defending their actions and, in the process, violating the Texas Code of Judicial Conduct by commenting on pending matters. On that basis, the defense team demanded that Self withdraw from the cases. They acquiesced and was replaced by a retired Dallas judge, Ron Chapman.
After Coleman testified at a hearing in March 2003, Judge Chapman found that they had committed “blatant perjury” and branded them “the most devious, non-responsive law enforcement witness this court has witnessed in twenty-five years on the bench in Texas.” At this point, the legal team filed habeas petitions for all of the defendants who remained in prison and began negotiations with the state to settle all of the cases, not only the four that had been remanded. The state stipulated to Chapman's findings and joined the defense team in recommending that the Texas Court of Criminal Appeals vacate all of the convictions. Meanwhile, on April 24, Coleman was indicted by a Swisher County grand jury on three counts of perjury, but the men and women they had unjustly sent to prison remained there.
The Texas Court of Criminal Appeals, signaling that it was in no hurry to act, ordered that several of the habeas petitions be amended because they lacked the defendant's birth date. Editorials in both Texas and the national newspapers decried what was generally perceived as a stalling tactic. In response to media pressure, the Texas Legislature quickly enacted legislation authorizing Chapman to release the defendants on bail — a power they exercised with dispatch, releasing them all on June 16. They were not clear yet, however — and would not be until August 22 when the governor granted pardons to the thirty-five who were eligible.
Federal civil rights suits ensued, leading in March 2004 to a $6 million settlement, the disbanding of the multi-jurisdictional narcotics task force, and the forced retirement of officials who were supposed to have been supervising Coleman. For the defendants, who had spent a total of nearly seventy-one years behind bars on fabricated charges, the compensation worked out to a little more than $84,500 a year.
On January 14, 2005, Coleman was convicted of perjury. The crime was punishable by up to ten years in prison and a $10,000 fine, but Coleman, whose malfeasance had cost so many so much, would neither spend a day in prison nor pay a cent. They were sentenced to ten years' probation.
The following June, McEachern, the prosecutor who illegally concealed Coleman's criminal history and suborned their perjury, was held to account by the State Bar of Texas. They were allowed to continue practicing law, but publicly sanctioned and placed on two years' probation — meaning that, should they be caught doing anything else illegal or unethical during their probation, the consequence could be serious.
— Rob Warden
“Today, I endorsed Hillary Clinton to be our next president,” Bernie Sanders announced to supporters on July 12, shortly after formally endorsing Clinton at a campaign rally in New Hampshire. “I know that some of you will be disappointed with that decision. But I believe that, at this moment, our country, our values and our common vision for a transformed America are best served by the defeat of Donald Trump and the election of Hillary Clinton.”
This was, unfortunately, the best Sanders could do ahead of the Democratic National Convention to ensure Clinton and their superdelegates don't vote down every progressive concession they squeezed into the Democratic platform. But fear mongering Donald Trump is not a valid or viable reason to vote for Clinton, and many of Sanders' supporters won't be following suit.
Over the past few weeks, Green Party presidential candidate Jill Stein's social media presence has increased exponentially. Stein, whose platform shares more similarities to Sanders' campaign than Clinton‘s, recently tweeted a Sanders quote from 1989. “I think we need to go in the direction of Canada, which has a third party, a democratic socialist party,” Sanders said. “We may not win right away. But our job is to bring together workers and poor people, minorities, environmentalists. Let's come together, articulate the issues, and I think we're gonna make some real progress.”
We need a new major party now more than ever. If not now, when? pic.twitter.com/gz6pxHug9C — Dr. Jill Stein (@DrJillStein) July 12, 2016
The Democratic Establishment hasn't progressed over the past several decades, and the recent Trans-Pacific Partnership Agreement (TPP) vote is a prime example of the Party's inability to move forward. Progressives and Bernie Sanders alike have vehemently opposed TPP, with Sanders surrogates on the Democratic National Platform Committee voting against TPP in the party platform. But even though Clinton vocally opposed TPP, their surrogates and those appointed by DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz voted in favor of the agreement.
On July 10, former Secretary of Labor Robert Reich took to Facebook to reveal they were told—by an acquaintance currently advising Hillary Clinton—that Clinton and other Democratic Establishment leaders would never oppose TPP because Obama is in favor of it. As with most of Clinton's stances, they favor political expediency rather than true principles.
Because of their propensity to flip-flop on important issues, Sanders supporters aren't going to trust Hillary Clinton to push forward Sanders' ideals. In contrast, Jill Stein has been an adamant opponent of TPP, calling to “Flush The TPP” more than six months before Clinton ever took a formal position on the matter.
When Bernie Sanders formally endorsed Hillary Clinton, several of their supporters walked out of the campaign rally—just as many more will walk out of the Democratic Party to support Jill Stein.
“I am currently trending on both Twitter and Facebook. Why? Because Americans want more than warmongers and fools,” Stein tweeted on July 12, shortly after Sanders' endorsement.
Sanders' supporters won't fall victim to the emotional blackmail of propaganda like “Unite Blue,” “Vote Blue No Matter Who” and Clinton's most recent “Stronger Together.” Instead of falling in line, blindly following Clinton just because she's a Democrat, Sanders' supporters will vote for values. Bernie Sanders sparked a political revolution that will continue strong with Jill Stein.
“Millions are realizing that if we want to fix the rigged economy, the rigged racial injustice system, the rigged health care system, toxic fossil fuel energy and all the other systems failing us, we must fix the rigged political system, and that will not happen through the rigged Democratic Party,” Stein said in a statement on Sanders' endorsement. “Right now we have a real chance to change our rigged political system, and we must not squander this opportunity by pledging allegiance to a corrupt political insider who the majority of Americans do not like, trust or believe in.”
The Celtics will have a new home on the radio dial in the coming season.
Entercom Communications, whose WRKO and WEEI stations in the Boston market have been the radio home for the Celtics since 2005, will no longer broadcast the NBA franchise's games beginning in 2013-14.
“WEEI has had an incredible run with the Boston Celtics, from being a part of their 17th championship banner to the end of the [new] Big 3 era,” said Entercom Boston vice president/market manager Jeff Brown in a statement.
“Unfortunately we were unable to come to terms on a new contract moving forward. We thank the entire Celtics organization for our tremendous time together and wish them the best of luck in the future.”
Advertisement
The Celtics did not offer a statement but team management confirmed Entercom's announcement.
It's uncertain at this time which station will carry the Celtics games in the 2013-14 season, but an announcement is expected soon. Greater Media, which owns five stations in the Boston market, has expressed interest in Celtics broadcasts in the past.
The CBS Radio-owned 98.5 The Sports Hub, which has surpassed WEEI in the Arbitron ratings among Boston's two primary sports radio stations, is the Bruins flagship station, but has enough other properties in the market to make any scheduling conflicts work.
No matter where on the dial the Celtics land, expect to hear the same broadcast team. Play-by-play voice Sean Grande and analyst Cedric Maxwell, a popular tandem who have been paired since the 2001-02 season, are hired by the team rather than the station that broadcasts the games.
An Entercom-owned station has been the flagship of Celtics broadcasts since the 2005-06 season. They had spent the previous four seasons on weak-signaled WWZN (1510), which opted out of the fifth year of its $2 million-per-year rights deal with the franchise.
Entercom and the Celtics had a revenue-sharing agreement in their deal, which began in June 2005. It's uncertain whether a rights fee was involved as well.
Advertisement
The Celtics spent two seasons on WRkO (680) before moving over to WEEI (then at the 850-AM signal, now at 93.7-FM) before the 2007-08 season. The Celtics also aired on WRKO from 1981-87 and again in 1995-96.
What is Mayo going to do? That question was rattling around in my mind last weekend. I've heard tickets are gold dust for this All-Ireland final and it's no surprise.
Dublin is on the threshold of confirming their status as one of the great teams. But Mayo is seeking a first All-Ireland in 65 years despite having one of the strongest and most consistent sides in the country over the past five years. Who have starred in more thrillers than Mayo? Beaten in the 2012 final by Donegal. Lost by a point to Dublin in the 2013 final. They came back and lost the 2014 semi-final to Kerry after two incredible games of football. Then they lose the 2015 semi-final to Dublin, again after a replay. Without question, they are a seriously talented football team. And they ‘deserve' an All-Ireland for moral courage.
But it doesn't work like that. The cold fact is that Mayo have been there on a number of occasions. And they haven't found a way to win it. And here they are back again, playing a deeply formidable team. So it seems to me that they have to bring something new to the table. But all weekend, through the back of my mind I was wondering: what? What is left to try? To be honest, I didn't have the answer. Then I realised what I was thinking about wasn't so much a system or a new tactic. It was a state of mind. I believe if Mayo are to win on Sunday, they have to introduce an element of anarchy to the day.
Is Mayo a different team now than they were in the 2012 final? And if so, how? What are the significant strides they have made? If they are simply as good as they were then, you have to conclude that that won't be enough. Clearly, Kerry did so many things right in their semi-final and they ended up nearly upsetting Dublin in a pulsating game. But they still came up short. And the match ended with a resounding show of force and composure and skill by the All-Ireland champions. Now, you can make a convincing argument that Mayo have more legs than Kerry at this juncture. If you allow that, then surely you have to allow that Kerry showed exceptional nous in how they went about creating and completing scores. They manufactured scores that Mayo may not be able to replicate. So again: how do Mayo gets over the line?
For me, they aren't radically different to the 2012 or 2013 Mayo model. Kevin McLoughlin is a sweeper designate for Mayo and that is a new departure since 2013. But Dublin is doing that themselves now so Mayo aren't going to catch them cold that way. And Dublin is a more sophisticated side now.
What Dublin do in a masterfully unspoken way is that they put it up to teams by giving them opportunities. Look at Dublin's scoring average. No matter how you play them, you are going to have to get your own scores. The question they ask of all teams is: what can you bring that will enable you to outscore us? They put the ball in your court. These are the questions – and that's without even talking about what Stephen Cluxton.
We have spoken enough about their influence and it's generally accepted that they give Dublin an advantage other teams simply can't meet. You just have to live with it and try to disrupt it.
Of course, the trouble with playing Dublin is that you can work to perfect one element but in order to actually beat them, you have to do all things well all the time. If you match them on one level, they can hurt you in other ways. Everyone knows about their individual strengths and their potential to kick scores beyond the abilities of most teams. They can bank on their own kick-outs; they are now pushing up with unprecedented aggression on opposition kick-outs, but worst of all for opposition teams they are operating on a very high level for 80 minutes. There is noinjury-time drop-off.
Beating them is not insurmountable but it is extremely difficult.
If this final runs along anticipated lines and stays true to the form of the championship, then I envisage a match in which both teams start well and play in bursts. Maybe Dublin edge ahead and provoke a response – perhaps even a goal – from Mayo. And then Dublin goes through another dominant spell and Mayo respond again. And suddenly we are in the last quarter and both teams run their bench.
And when all those bursts are added up, it produces a scoreline which has Dublin marginally – but irretrievably – ahead: maybe by three or four points.
Second Captains
And Mayo will have competed and lost honourably. But that's no good to Mayo. Plaudits for losing a brave All-Ireland final: they have enough of those.
That's why I feel that the Mayo management and team must impose a different pattern on this game. They have to create an environment in which Dublin are not allowed to execute what they want to do when they want to do it. But how?
In a practical sense, one thing Mayo can do which Kerry couldn't is run the ball with extreme aggression and purpose. Kerry went for precise, conscientious kicking. They kept the ball away from the Dublin defenders really well. They competed with Dublin's kick-out by pressing up. The one thing they didn't do is support with extreme intent off the shoulder.
My true instinct is that what Mayo need here isn't really anything you can draw on the board in the training ground or practise on the field. This weekend took me back to my first All-Ireland experience in 1992, as a teenager on the Donegal team that met Dublin – who were huge favourites. The whole country thought they'd win it. That was an Olympic summer as well and a day that is etched in my memory is the Saturday a week before the final when Michael Carruth was boxing for their gold medal.
Brian McEniff pushed back our training session so the boys could listen to the fight on the radio. And I have this memory of a line of cars parked at the Four Masters pitch and all the players inside them, spellbound by the commentary. All the doors were open in all cars so everyone was connected to each other and to the moment. It was a gorgeous morning. It felt like a really significant sporting moment for Ireland and it was a very emotional, moving sort of experience to listen to it.
And it meant that everyone was wired going onto the field for training. This was during the last few training sessions and it meant that the senior guys were pushing for places. Gaelic games are all about the team, yes. But there are times when the individual instinct takes over. Boys were desperate to play. This was a team full of great friends who had never been to an All-Ireland final before. They didn't know if they'd be back. So there was a feeling that this was a once-in-a-lifetime game. And that morning, in the A versus B game, there was an edge that I had never seen between these boys before.
Brian Murray and Anthony Molloy went at it a few times. Squared up and boxed. A few rows broke out between Joyce McMullan and Donal Reid. And then came this challenge from John Joe Doherty on Declan Bonner. The pair of them were going for a ball and John Joe came like a train and they absolutely flattened Declan. What I will always remember is Declan lying still and John Joe not even turning. They just went back to the corner and stood with their hands on their hips staring straight up the field.
I am not suggesting that Donegal won that All-Ireland there and then. But I do believe that a different mentality came into that squad that morning. As it turned out, Martin Shovlin had to relinquish their place on the morning of the final with a neck injury and Brian went with John Joe. And John Joe played very well too. So they made all those weeks in their life count. They all did. They knew they had to make it count. Boys like Matt Gallagher, Noel Hegarty, Manus Boyle: there was this realisation: when will we be back in a final?
I do feel Mayo have to bring some of that into Sunday. They are on the threshold of something special. They have played in two All-Ireland finals and they know what they are about. But this is not just another game. If you win a Connacht final, then yes, you have another game. If you win a quarter-final, then yes, you have another game. But if Mayo win the All-Ireland final on Sunday, then those players have achieved something that in a will change their county. That's more profound than winning a football game.
I suppose my advice for Mayo now is: don't be cautious and safe. You know, die in a blaze of glory before that happens.
I suppose what I am talking is a mindset which is bordering on obsessive. This is not a game of football. This is a defining day in their lives. They need to bring this almost desperate sense of: we can't be beaten. The worst thing they could do is just go on being themselves and hope that will be enough to do get them over the line. History would suggest it is not. It has to be something left-field. That intensity, combined with savage discipline and real sharpness and confidence and expression on the ball and then that powerful off-the-shoulder support game at which they excel. That is how I see the way through for Mayo here.
Did I ever see that in Mayo before? How about the semi-final drawn game in 2014 when they tore through Kerry with 14 men? There was a beautiful madness to that. Why not tap into that?
I know there is a danger that if Mayo do try something new – pull a rabbit out of the hat – it may throw their own team out of rhythm. Trying something different can add pressure. But the pressure is there anyhow. You are talking about a team which is tasked with doing something that all Mayo teams since 1951 have not managed. There is pressure anyway.
So I feel that the first thing Mayo has to do is to play with a serious, serious edge. Become unreasonable. Not go out with the: let's do everything we can here. It has to be a fierce last stand of all they are. You know: let's make our mark here. Let's make this be our day. That means they run themselves into the ground.
I have watched Mayo in the past few years and I have seen situations where instead of having eight defending, they could have 11 or 12 if a few more just bust themselves to get back. That has to happen – all day long. They don't concede a goal. They just don't. They aim to hold Dublin to 0-16. Is that achievable? I think so. I think it is. Then they be brave and smart and sharp on the ball.
If that is the mindset – to contain Dublin and go put scores on the board and express themselves – then this could be a very feisty and competitive All-Ireland final. Dublin don't have to change. They simply have turn up and play their game.
It is up to Mayo to impose new terms. But if Mayo can bring a brand-new dynamic, which Dublin weren't planning for, along with that real borderline approach, maybe, then maybe the individuals that Dublin are missing this year will become a factor.
So I'm talking about trying to create anarchy. What's the alternative? When you look at all the Dublin processes in isolation, they are really smart ways to play the game. Then you layer over that with all the really fine players available to Jim Gavin. Then you have their fine coaching system. Then you have younger players trying to get the jersey: it becomes an obsession.
So all of that projects the team forward to what it has become: this omnipotent force. And if you are going to take that force on, it can't just be about giving it a good rattle and hoping for the best.
Hope as nothing to do with it. Mayo have to bring a lot of things with them from the west but first and foremost is an absolute bloody-minded belief: 2016 is going to be our year because it must be our year. Sunday is going to be our day because it must be our day.
Yet, many economists would look at these trends and applaud. The developing world is simply developing, they say, and we should support this. The recent pledge by the world's wealthiest nations, the G-20, to invest an astonishing $60 trillion to $70 trillion in new infrastructure worldwide in the next 15 years — thereby more than doubling the net value of global infrastructure — simply reflects a new emerging world order.
But is it really that simple? I would argue that we will face many agonizing choices ahead, and that the costs of the infrastructure explosion will in many cases outweigh its advantages. For one thing, the benefits of new infrastructure are often far from equitably distributed. A few get fabulously wealthy from such projects but many others are left behind. An influx of foreign capital for infrastructure projects often fuels inflation, which impacts disproportionately the “little guys” who are struggling just to survive. In Panama, for instance, the $6 billion upgrade of the Panama Canal has enriched some — but left many struggling just to pay their rent or put food on the table.
Image The highway that cuts deep into the Amazon is visible at night — even from the Moon. Credit DeAgostini/Getty Images
There are also many hidden costs to mega-developments in wild and semi-wild areas. Biodiversity can suffer greatly, air and water pollution can skyrocket, and emissions of greenhouse gases rise. One need only try to breathe the choking air in Southeast Asia or eastern China or the Amazon during the burning season to see how seriously people are being impacted. In Sumatra, Indonesia, over 50,000 people had to be treated last year for respiratory distress, and more than 200 schools closed.
It is not easy to stop this modern tsunami. The proponents of big infrastructure projects are often powerful, wealthy and politically connected. In 2002, I was nearly run out of Brazil on a rail for arguing that the government's “Avança Brasil” program — a $40 billion scheme to slice up the Amazon with scores of new highways, dams, power lines, gas lines and other infrastructure — would exact huge environmental costs. Even after testifying before Brazil's Congress, I was so pilloried by the project's proponents that the Folha do São Paulo, Brazil's leading newspaper, finally came out and said, “Enough — stop trying to shoot the messenger.”
What alarms many of those worrying about exploding development is the sheer magnitude of illegality involved. In the Brazilian Amazon, for instance, my research team found that for every kilometer of legal road there are three kilometers of illegal roads. Corruption is rampant. Chains of illegal loggers — involving hundreds of millions of dollars in stolen timber — have been identified and, in some cases, arrested. Bid-rigging, bribery and kickbacks are common in Amazon dam and energy projects. In 2005, an American nun, Dorothy Stang, was murdered by two hired gunmen for daring to stand up for the environment and for small-scale landholders who opposed land-robbing cattle barons. Stang is but one of hundreds of environmental martyrs who have died worldwide in recent years.
An upcoming workshop for Bay Area cops called "Bulletproof" was cancelled by Santa Clara County Sheriff Laurie Smith today due to concerns that the classes make officers more likely to use deadly force when it's not necessary."It trains cops to be paranoid and to assume everyone is out to get them," said Susan Harman, an Oakland resident and member of the Oakland Privacy Working Group. Harmon and others asked the sheriff to cancel the event. "Shoot first and ask questions later," is how Harman characterized the content of the classes."These so-called activists that say it's too aggressive, they haven't seen the class," said Linda Arnold, an employee of Calibre Press, the private company that produces the Bulletproof trainings.The class was to take place in the Santa Clara County Sheriff's auditorium on August 18, but earlier today Sheriff Smith released a statement notifying the public and attendees it had been called off."We have informed the class operator of this decision and we appreciate those community members that contacted us and voiced concern over this class and its provider," reads the sheriff's statement. "This training was not a mandatory class for any member of our office."It's not clear how many Bay Area cops signed up for the class. The Oakland Police, Alameda County Sheriff, and Fremont Police did not immediately respond to emails and phone calls seeking information on whether any of their officers had signed up. Lieutenant Andrew Frankel of the Berkeley Police Department said that no Berkeley police officers were planning on attending the event.According to a story in the Minnesota Star Tribune , the officer who shot and killed Philando Castille during a traffic stop last month in Falcoln heights Minnesota had gone through the Calibre training, which was previously called "The Bulletproof Warrior." According to the Star Tribune, the word warrior was removed from the class title after police departments complained that it communicated an inappropriate message to officers and the public.Arnold defended the classes and said that Calibre has trained hundreds of thousands of police officers across the nation and that it shouldn't be judged based on the actions of a few officers who may have taken part.In the Calibre classes, "instructors urged the law enforcement officers in the hotel conference room to make the decision to shoot if they ever feel their lives are threatened," according to the Star Tribune. "Videos of bloody shootouts between police and civilians emphasized a key point: Hesitation can kill you."According to Calibre's web site, the Bulletproof classes are taught by Jim Glennon, a retired commander with the Lombard, Illinois police, and Dave Grossman, a retired United States Army Lieutenant Colonel.Grossman runs an organization called the "Killology Research Group," and they describe crime as a "virus." According to their web site, killology.com , they have trained the California Highway Patrol, Petaluma police, Berkeley police, and the California Police Officers Association, among many other California law enforcement groups.
"We believe mobile is the most powerful advertising medium of our day, but the industry as a whole lacks research and real innovation to capitalize on it." said Ari Brandt, CEO and co-founder of MediaBrix." This research allows marketers to understand the opportunities that lie in mobile and the implications of how we approach consumers there. We're excited to expand upon these findings and analyze more formats in our mission to build meaningful, coveted one-to-one connections between brands and consumers."
To learn how different methods of delivering an in-app ad impact a user's receptivity to advertising, thought leaders in neuroscience and neuromarketing had subjects in a controlled environment interact with a mobile app from developer Magmic. They used scientific-grade technologies to monitor subjects' interactions, neuro and biometric responses before, during, and after the moment of ad delivery.
Subjects also underwent a post-test interview for further insights into their reaction and interactions with the test app and advertisements. The lead researchers were Dr. Thomas Ramsoy, PhD, CEO, Neurons Inc. and adjunct professor at University of Copenhagen, and Diana Lucaci, neuromarketing expert and CEO of True Impact.
"In order to truly understand consumers' reactions to different ad delivery methods within an app, we decided to go beyond standard physiological data and looked to neuroscience and years of trusted methodologies," said Lucaci. "What we've learned about the consumer's state in the moment of being approached by a brand speaks to how much a mobile ad can either alienate a consumer or inspire brand affinity. The stakes for marketers are huge here."
"As we looked at the neuroscience and biometric data, the disparity between the two mobile ad executions became glaringly obvious," said Ramsoy. "Positive indicators like cognitive load, or engagement, and motivation, the brain's manifestation of wanting, were much stronger in the contextualized, rewarded ad, whereas arousal, or erratic sentiment in the brain, was much more common for standard interstitial ads."
Overall, the study found that people engage more with mobile video ads that are embedded in the app experience, opt-in, and contextually relevant with a value exchange compared to a full-page interstitial ad unit. Here are some key findings:
Interstitials stimulate negative responses: the full page video interstitial ads triggered fight-or-flight responses at a rate twice that of the embedded opt-in ads, and interstitial ad viewers fixated 22 percent of time spent looking for the X button. Viewers are more likely to be more receptive to an ad message when it's seen as adding value to their viewing experience.
the full page video interstitial ads triggered fight-or-flight responses at a rate twice that of the embedded opt-in ads, and interstitial ad viewers fixated 22 percent of time spent looking for the X button. Viewers are more likely to be more receptive to an ad message when it's seen as adding value to their viewing experience. People actually watch the embedded, opt-in units: close to 90 percent of viewers watched the full 30-second video, compared to only 25 percent when exposed to an interstitial.
close to 90 percent of viewers watched the full 30-second video, compared to only 25 percent when exposed to an interstitial. Embedded, opt-in ad viewers actually pay attention to the brand: not only do they watch the ad, but they also spend three times as much time fixated on the brand creative watching the embedded, opt-in ad, and they're eight times more cognitively engaged with said ad.
not only do they watch the ad, but they also spend three times as much time fixated on the brand creative watching the embedded, opt-in ad, and they're eight times more cognitively engaged with said ad. Embedded, opt-in ads help users remember and understand the message: for the embedded, opt-in ads, research found that viewers spend 9.5 times more time understanding/considering the embedded value exchange ad over the interstitial ad unit. This time considering/understanding the ad resulted in 70 percent of viewers remembering the product and 73 percent understanding the brand offer, as opposed to 40 percent and 49 percent respectively of users who experienced interstitial ads.
for the embedded, opt-in ads, research found that viewers spend 9.5 times more time understanding/considering the embedded value exchange ad over the interstitial ad unit. This time considering/understanding the ad resulted in 70 percent of viewers remembering the product and 73 percent understanding the brand offer, as opposed to 40 percent and 49 percent respectively of users who experienced interstitial ads. Embedded, opt-in ad viewers are more motivated: those who experienced the contextual ad unit had four times a feeling of motivation according to neurometric measures, and 25 percent said the ads made them want to keep using the app.
"As the ARF gears up to release its findings on mobile advertising at its Annual Conference next year with focus on creative factors and delivery – this research adds substantial data to the existing body of knowledge," said Dr. Manuel Garcia-Garcia, senior vice president of the Advertising Research Foundation and adjunct assistant professor at the New York University Stern School of Business. "It is exciting to see that the industry thought leaders are taking an aggressive yet thoughtful approach to the mobile channel and how brands can be best served."
After a successful inaugural study from MediaBrix's Neuro Labs, the company intends to continue diving further into neuroscience to educate brands and the advertising industry on the best path forward in mobile advertising. They plan to expand to new ad formats and new partners -- both brands and research experts, including an upcoming partnership with the Advertising Research Foundation -- to advance the area of neuromarketing in the advertising industry.
To learn more about how you can integrate MediaBrix into your mobile marketing strategies, please visit:www.MediaBrix.com.
About MediaBrix
MediaBrix (www.mediabrix.com) is the global leader in delivering mobile ad campaigns that create emotional connections between brands and humans. The world's top brands utilize our Platform to align with emotionally targeted, dynamic messages during Breakthrough Moments® (BTMs®). Our products, Rescue, Rally and Reward users when they are in an "emotionally available" state of mind, leading to engagement rates 500% higher than with other digital formats. Hundreds of leading brands and many of the world's largest developers leverage the MediaBrix platform to deliver over 500 million user-friendly BTMs® to more than 200 million global mobile users each month.
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160926/411964-INFO
SOURCE MediaBrix
Related Links
http://www.mediabrix.com
Fox
How they died: Unexplained. The episode was an unplanned addition to Glee's fifth season after Cory Monteith, the actor who played him, died unexpectedly shortly before production on the season began.
How it made us feel: Devastated. Watching Monteith's real-life girlfriend Lea Michele, whom they met on set, and their former co-stars act out their grief on screen was truly difficult to watch. The emotions were very, very real, and no matter how you felt about Glee at the time, the episode allowed the actors and fans alike to grieve.
What it meant for the show: In the two episodes that followed "The Quarterback," which centered on Finn's passing, the audience saw both Kurt and Rachel struggle a bit with feeling normal again. They both ended up getting tattoos as a way to deal with the pain. Unfortunately for Kurt, because of a typo, their reads, "It's get better." But indeed, it does.
Lyda Krewson claimed victory in an acceptance speech as votes were still being counted in Tuesday's St. Louis municipal election and will be the first new mayor for St. Louis City in 16 years, and the first female mayor of the city.
They topped Republican Andrew Jones, Libertarian Robb Cunningham, Green Party candidate Johnathan McFarland, and Independents Larry Rice and Tyrone Austin.
Krewson stepped to the stage at 10:05 to make an acceptance speech with a large lead and 54 percent of precincts reporting. When all the votes were counted, they won with 68 percent of the vote(39,375 votes). Jones had 18 percent(10,088 votes) and Rice had 11 percent(6,102 votes).
They won by a much narrower margin in March's crowded Democratic primary. During that race, they received 32 percent of the vote and defeated Tishaura Jones by just 888 votes.
Krewson has served as an alderman in the 28th ward since 1997 and earned the endorsement of current mayor Francis Slay.
On their website, Krewson has laid out their top priorities as neighborhood safety, economic development, children's issues and transportation.
Before the primary election, Krewson sat down with 5 On Your Side to talk about their plans and goals for the city. You can watch the entire un-edited interview below.
Mayoral candidate interview: Lyda Krewson
After serving as mayor for the past 16 years, Slay will join the law office of Spencer Fane once they leaf City Hall.
For all the election results, click here.
The other day I was talking to a music fan who'd recently gone to see one of Kate Bush's widely praised live appearances. Naturally I was keen to hear a first-hand account of this era-defining event, so I asked what it was like.
“The first half was great,” they said. “But the second half got a bit boring.”
Well that was jarring. For weeks I'd been told by seemingly everyone on the internet that witnessing Kate Bush live was a life-changing event; a transformative experience of staggering magnitude. Attendees described a sort of positive version of the climactic ark-opening sequence from Raiders of the Lost Ark, of thousands of people simultaneously overpowered by a work of supernatural genius. Apparently these people didn't simply attend a rock concert – they were French-kissed by God. So majestic was the performance, all the molecules in their bodies were disassembled and temporarily rearranged into a pulsating jellyfish of pure enjoyment, basking helplessly yet blissfully on the shores of Lake Kate, before the stunning finale finally healed and reformed them and sent them on their way. They crawled from the venue on all fours, uncontrollably weeping and soiling themselves all the way home. Hours later, once they'd finished shaking, they went on Twitter and explained how even the typographical layout of the ticket stub had made them cry nine times. And yet here was someone shrugging at it all.
And make no mistake, the person I'd spoken to was a bona fide Kate Bush fan herself, yet one who described feeling so disconnected from the feverish level of excitement and sense of occasion other audience members were displaying – even on their way in, before a note had been sung – they were left feeling almost like an imposter. I suspect that partly explains the shrug. It's too big a build-up. Nothing can match that level of expectation.
Perhaps the impossible-to-live-up-to tidal wave of praise came about in part because Bush had been clever enough to ask people not to stand around like mindless absorption pods, dumbly filming the gig on their smartphones. Maybe, with those smartphones tucked away, a sizeable percentage of the audience was being shocked by the reality of their first non screen-parlayed experience of the past five years. It must be like eating salt and vinegar crisps for the first time after weeks of a sense-numbing heavy cold: the sheer rush of unmediated reality almost takes your face off.
But maybe the praise reached deranged heights because nothing's allowed to simply be “very good” or even “great” any more. We've ramped up the hyperbole: it's amazing; it's awesome. We focus on the personal impact: it'll rock your world; it'll change your life. You'll be so stuffed full of wonder you'll split at the seams.
Generally, as a species, we used to avoid this kind of exaggerated emotional outpourings. Still do, in person. But online, people routinely claim to have been reduced to tears by YouTube clips, Facebook posts, newspaper articles, and inspirational gifs. You cried at that? Honestly? Pics or it didn't happen. And if your face leaks that easily, step away from the keyboard and call a plumber.
All this babble about being blown away, overcome, and reduced to a state of stunned amazement used to be the preserve of creepy people in adverts, the kind of grinning fictional gimps who'd burst into song if they enjoyed their fish fingers. At least they were being paid to exaggerate their opinions. We're just trying to fit in, which is infinitely sadder somehow.
We're trying to fit in because exaggeration is the official language of the internet, a talking shop so hopelessly overcrowded that only the most strident statements have any impact. Hence the rise of Buzzfeed-style click-bait headlines: The Late Leonid Brezhnev Just Invented the World's Most Awesome Dance Move. What This Teacher Tells Them Class Will Change Your Life Forever. You Won't Believe the State of this Guy's Asshole. And so on.
The same digital ecosystem that gave rise to click-bait headlines is working its magic on the rest of us. Something about the way the online world has coagulated around social networks that subconsciously convert everyday conversation into a form of entertainment – with a follower count providing a running score – is turning us into click-bait people. Perform, entertain, exaggerate. All oversteer and oversell, all the time.
And of course in this increasingly binary world, if good equals amazing, bad equals catastrophic. Any disappointment, any setback, anyone who steps out of line – all instantly labelled the Worst Thing Ever. Displease the hive mind, and the same people pretending to shed sentimental tears over a kiddywink's school project on YouTube will only stop screaming for your blood when the next hate figure stumbles into view.
I never thought I'd say this, but I sort of miss “meh”. “Meh” used to be the standard internet response to anything even 1% less than astounding. “Meh” was obnoxious: the sound of personal entitlement and sneery dismissal; the noise a spoiled child emperor makes when they pyramid their slaves have built turns out to be half a metre lower than they expected. But it was infinitely more honest than pretending to cry.
It's enough to make you weep. Or rather not weep. And pretend you did.
Buy Photo In this 2004 photo, Steve Sasson holds the world's first digital camera, which they invented in 1975 as a young researcher at Eastman Kodak Co. (Photo: Staff file photo)Buy Photo Story Highlights The article takes a critical look at how Kodak sold part of its intellectual property portfolio.
Without the sale, author says, "Kodak very likely would have been split up or simply shut down."
Article: "Kodak's fire sale shifted decades of intellectual capital, at pennies on the dollar."
Because I cover technology, I come in contact with a lot of people who are smarter than I am. Physicists and chemistry Ph.Ds and electrical engineers, all very passionate about their work and patient enough to explain their innovations in a way that even I can understand.
Many of those folks are former Eastman Kodak Co. researchers, and they lit up my inbox last weekend, alerting me to an article in Spectrum, the journal of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers and arguably the world's leading technology publication.
RocDocs: Patents issued to local inventors
Archive: More columns by Sean Lahman
KodakNext: Out of bankruptcy, into a new era
The article, called "The Lowballing of Kodak's Patent Portfolio," takes a very critical look at how the former photo giant converted a sizable chunk of its intellectual property portfolio into the cash it needed to survive bankruptcy. It also offers new details that make the disappointing deal look even worse.
Mark Harris, a science journalism fellow at MIT, describes how the process unfolded. Kodak hired an outside firm to calculate how much revenue the patents could generate in licensing fees, and they came up with a figure of $3 billion between 2012 and 2020. That's value, for sure, but a company in bankruptcy couldn't wait that long. Kodak needed a quick infusion of cash, and a sales price in the ballpark of $2 billion seemed reasonable.
They hoped a bidding war would ensue, with the world's biggest technology companies likely to get involved: Apple, Google, Amazon, and Microsoft and others. But the early offers were low, and rather than competing with each other, the bidders joined together to form a consortium, offering a "take-it-or-leave-it" bid that Kodak had no choice but to take.
"If they didn't take this offer, there was simply no one else out there to buy them," Harris writes, "and Kodak very likely would have been split up or simply shut down."
Kodak announced the deal in February 2013 "for net proceeds of $527 million," which led some to conclude that this figure represented the sale price. But Harris reports that the 2,300 patents sold for just $94 million, plus a licensing deal on remaining patents that netted $433 million.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Rochester Business newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Stay up to date with the latest business news. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-790-9565. Delivery: Mon-Fri Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Rochester Business Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
"Kodak's fire sale shifted decades of intellectual capital, at pennies on the dollar," Harris concludes.
Terry Taber, Kodak's chief technical officer, thinks the doom and gloom of Harris' article is unwarranted. "We continue to maintain a vast patent portfolio aligned with our current businesses," they said, "and we continue to innovate by investing significantly in cutting edge research and development tied to our businesses."
And he's right. The sale of the digital imaging patents, regardless of the price they fetched, was part of an intentional strategy to shift away from those businesses. The remaining portfolio includes more than 7,000 patents in the area of graphic packaging and functional printing, areas where the new Kodak is focusing. More new patents are already in the pipeline.
For the former Kodakers I hear from, the patent sale and the bankruptcy don't just mark the end of a golden era. They say it feels like a disregard for their years of work. There is a sadness at the realization the fruits of their work won't make it into a Kodak product.
Some of these technologies may live on and find new life with another company, but many former Kodak researchers fear that their inventions may never see the light of day as a result of the sale.
Steve Sasson built the first digital camera prototype in 1975, and it sat on a shelf for 15 years before Kodak brought a commercial version to market. Who knows what inventions may be languishing now?
Lahman's patents column appears on Sundays. Follow them on Twitter @SeanLahman, or reach them at (585) 258-2369.
Read or Share this story: http://on.rocne.ws/1eUQEtb
For over a year, the Washington Free Beacon's Elizabeth Harrington has been documenting research grants provided by the National Institutes of Health to recipients like an obvious conman who said they wanted to bring origami condoms to the world ($2.5 million) and teams studying if obese people could be persuaded to lose weight by having the government text message them ($2.7 million). Last week, with the NIH's budget in the spotlight—courtesy of the director of the NIH himself, Dr. Francis Collins, who claimed that an Ebola vaccine would likely exist today were it not for a "10-year-slide in research support" for their organization—Harrington wrote a round-up of their work on this issue, observing that the total amount of absurd NIH funding they had chronicled amounted to nearly $40 million, all of which would obviously have been better spent on an Ebola vaccine—or on cancer, or on HIV/AIDS, or on any number of worthy medical causes.
Not so fast. On Friday, Sam Stein of the Huffington Post wrote about the funding issue at the NIH, during the course of which they described Harrington's work as part of a series of conservative "attacks" that can "produce guffaws." Their piece, on the other hand, set out to navigate the political Charybdis of the right, which claims that the NIH has plenty of money and wastes it, and the Scylla of the left, which claims that people are dying of Ebola because Republicans cut funds for the NIH. Stein's middle course is meant to reveal that "the issue is far more complex."
Stein's piece provides insight into thus-far failed efforts by the NIH to produce a vaccine, and is particularly interesting when they quote the director of public affairs at the American Society for Biochemistry and Molecular Biology saying they are worried Francis Collins has "opened up the NIH budget process to politics in a way I truly wish they had not."
Moreover, Stein's own defense of the NIH's budget process is worth taking seriously for the insight it offers into both the progressive view of government and the politicization of theoretically apolitical federal bureaucracies.
Says Stein:
These attacks may produce guffaws. But they gloss over the basic structure of the NIH grant process. For starters, it's difficult, if not impossible, to predict what the big biomedical need will be five years down the road. NIH prioritizes certain subjects. But it also tries to spread resources to many fields. Second, it's scientists, not bureaucrats, who are doling out the money. Every year, experts in specific fields volunteer to be on an NIH study section. They sit in a room, review grant proposals, and score them based on scientific merit. Those scores are sent to NIH, which establishes the pay lines for what gets funded and what doesn't. Sometimes, it's the odd-sounding project that's judged to be meritorious. Sometimes, that project produces the most promising medical advance. "One of the biggest issues we face in Congress is the idea that federal research agencies should fund only science with a specific practical purpose," Barry Toiv, vice president for public affairs at the Association of American Universities, said in an email. "That is not how science works. If this had been the practice … the list of lost or delayed technologies and medical advances would be staggering. For example, we've reduced deaths from heart disease and stroke by more than 60 percent and transformed HIV/AIDS into a manageable illness in good part through the serendipitous results of unrelated research. … Rather than worrying about what sounds funny or obscure, we need to let the world's greatest research enterprise do its job."
So the budgeting process works just fine, thank you very much, because scientists, and not politicians, are in charge. These scientists are noble and impartial flight attendants of the public good, unlike the hacks in Congress, who are vulnerable to shifting political circumstances and all too accountable to a voting public that doesn't understand "how science works." It is too bad that there is, as yet, no Ebola vaccine, but this is not the fault of the sort of ridiculous funding Harrington highlights.
Indeed—to develop the argument in a direction that Stein does not, but which they imply—is the funding even all that ridiculous? Those scientists sitting in their room and scoring grant proposals for, say, how to help Americans fight obesity or quit smoking, could clearly justify such research with the observation that the complications of obesity and smoking kill far more Americans every year than Ebola has or (we hope!) ever will. The resources of the NIH should thus be directed according to the numbers, to the science.
But such reasoning is highly problematic, and the nature of the research projects Harrington documents gives an indication as to how. For example, consider this account of the federal government's efforts to modify Americans' unhealthy diets:
The Dietary Guidelines Advisory Committee on Friday emphasized the need for the group to institute "population behavior change" in order to engineer healthier Americans. DGAC Chair Barbara Millen said the upcoming report would serve as the "foundation for public policy and food nutrition, physical activity, and health-related areas." The group will release new recommendations for federal food policy in the 2015 report. … One example of a behavioral intervention was highlighted during the morning session. Deborah Tate, a cognitive-behavioral psychologist at the University of North Carolina's Gillings School of Public Health, suggested ways the government could use text messages to get people to stick to their diet. Tate's presentation, "Behavioral Strategies and Delivery Approaches to Changing Diet and Activity for Weight Control," offered example texts that could be sent to obese people. "Remind yourself of your motivations for losing weight. If you are finding it hard to stay motivated, write down one reason you want to lose weight," one read. "Try to eat high fat foods less often. This is a good way to cut calories," said another. And finally: "There are 1440 minutes in a day. Try to find at least 10 to exercise!" Tate received $1,227,995 from 2002 to 2005 from the National Institutes of Health to study "Internet behavior therapy for treating obesity." Them findings for a trial "Text Message–Based Intervention for Weight Loss" were that text messages "might prove to be a productive channel of communication to promote behaviors that support weight loss in overweight adults." In addition to Tate's research, the NIH also spent $1,479,072 between 2009 and 2011 for a separate study, "TEXT4DIET."
There is a creepy, intrusive quality to everything about this story. Scientists may have concluded that obesity is a bad thing, and that text messages funded by the feds might have a chance at reducing obesity. Lower rates of obesity would be a good thing. Therefore the government should fund it.
But just because an outcome is good doesn't mean that the federal government has a mandate to pursue it, let alone by means that are borderline Orwellian.
An implicit premise of the sorts of people happy to spend millions in taxpayer dollars to fund such initiatives is a progressive hope that, with science at its side, government technocrats can create a better world where human suffering is reduced to an absolute minimum. The real threats to Americans, by the numbers, aren't the scary but statistically insignificant specters of things like Ebola, but Americans themselves, with their poor eating habits and life skills. The government is here to help them, whether they want the help or not—and with their own money, no less!
The reason stories such as these hit a nerve with conservatives is that many Americans don't think the government is there to protect them from their own choices, or from every bad outcome that could afflict them. They believe that threats like terrorists who commit mass murder, or deadly viruses that kill you by liquefying your organs and that are apparently quite communicable, are more properly the concern of the government, regardless of what the numbers say.
The paternalism implicit in the NIH's absurd grants should be rejected in principle. But it is also noteworthy that the grants Harrington has documented are not only ridiculous from a point of view of principle. In fact, they rather clearly show that—far from being the disinterested technocrats of progressive dreams, answerable only to science and a conception of the public good honed in the better universities—the scientists at the NIH regularly make funding decisions that are highly politicized.
Is the best way to combat obesity—conceding for argument's sake that such a goal is the proper business of the feds—really to study the alleged problem of lesbian obesity? If the government has a legitimate goal in helping old people feel less lonely, is the best way to pursue that goal recruiting "450 minority elders" to join choirs (at a cost of $2 million!)?
Of course not. The scientists applying for such grants are, on the evidence, conventional liberals, beholden by their prejudices and self-interest to the electoral coalition that backs the Democratic Party, even if they conceive of themselves as impartial technocrats. For all the substantial good the NIH has done over the years, the sort of funding Harrington documents demonstrates an obvious weakness on the part of theoretically impartial scientists for grant proposals that are trendy and politically correct.
That they cannot detect how absurd these proposals are, or predict that most Americans might question their scientific value, emphasizes the problem. It might be suggested that $40 million is chump change for both the NIH and the federal budget in general. But to most taxpayers such a sum isn't insignificant—and, in any event, the Ebola vaccine project that Stein describes was only funded to the tune of $5.8 million.
As Stein points out, some members of the scientific community are worried that Francis Collins' complaints about the NIH budget might backfire. They are concerned that Congress will now more closely scrutinize the NIH's budget, and insist that taxpayer-funded research be directed not towards what the scientists, operating with exquisite discretion in their committees, determine to be worthy, but towards what the elected representatives of the taxpayers determine to be worthy.
Stein's sources argue that this would be a politicization of the NIH. Harrington's work shows that the ship of politicization sailed a long time ago. Greater scrutiny from the Congress would not harm the place, but help it by providing something which is obviously needed: accountability to the American people.
A father-of-four in Oslo has been sentenced to eight and a half years in prison for torturing, raping and blackmailing their wife's lover in a 15-hour ordeal after they found them naked in bed.
The Oslo District Court found the 46-year-old guilty of aggravated rape, kidnapping and blackmail, reported the Verdens Gang newspaper on Wednesday.
The man must also pay a total of 315,000 Norwegian kroner ($53,000) in damages to their victim, whom they found in bed with their wife in September last year. The husband proceeded to tie the lover to a radiator, and beat them with an axe, bottle and cables. They then raped theirs victim.
The assailant filmed parts of the 15-hour torture and demanded that the victim pay them 10,000 kroner to ensure the video was not sent to their family.
Slim Scrollbar replace default scroll bars with two simple auto-hide bars. These bars are visible only when you scroll the page. So you obtain more space, useful especially for small screens.
I have no more time to develop this extension, so I don't know how many updates I will do in future. But you can try another actively developed scrollbar from Christoph142: Modern Scroll.
ATTENTION:
The extension can't automatically turn off the default scrollbars. To do so, open Preferences ▹ Advanced ▹ browsing, and deactivate "show scroll bars".
A well-know issue on oldest computers is performance degredation during scrolling. You can try to activate "solve slow scrolling" options, but this may result in the scrollbars flickering.
Thanks to Daniel (https://twitter.com/#!/Aeyoun) for the Norwegian bokmål translation and code support.
Thanks to Piotr Wójcik (http://my.opera.com/chocimir) for Polish translation.
Thanks to myonno for German translation.
Thanks to Güray Sun for Turkish translation.
NEW YORK -- Cleveland Cavaliers forward LeBron James has been named to the All-NBA first team for a record-tying 11th time, and Houston's James Harden is the lone player to be a unanimous first-team selection this season.
James matches the mark set by Kobe Bryant and Karl Malone.
Joining Harden and James on the first team were Oklahoma City's Russell Westbrook, San Antonio's Kawhi Leonard and New Orleans' Anthony Davis. James and Westbrook each got 99 of a possible 100 first-team votes.
Harden made the first team for the third time. Westbrook, Leonard and Davis are now two-time first-teamers.
Leonard was a first-teamer on 96 ballots, second-team on three and third-team on one.
Golden State's Stephen Curry and Kevin Durant were second-team choices, joined by Milwaukee's Giannis Antetokounmpo, Utah's Rudy Gobert and Boston's Isaiah Thomas.
The third All-NBA team includes Chicago's Jimmy Butler, Golden State's Draymond Green, Toronto's DeMar DeRozan, Washington's John Wall and the Clippers' DeAndre Jordan.
All three teams have two guards, two forwards and one center.
Harden and Westbrook were runaway choices at guard, James and Leonard were easy picks at forward. Davis barely held off Gobert for the first-team center spot, finishing with 343 points to Gobert's 339.
Davis appeared on 95 of the 100 ballots; Gobert appeared on 91.
American Association for Nude Recreation – Social Family Nudism in Appropriate Places
Our interview with American Association for Nude Recreation President Beverly B. Price
People all over the world enjoy nonsexual nude recreation. Some call themselves skinnydippers. Some call themselves nudists. Some call themselves naturists. There are nudist or naturist vacations, clubs, resorts, campgrounds, groups, cruises and beaches across the globe.
We asked American Association for Nude Recreation President Beverly B. Price about AANR and nudism.
How would you describe AANR in one sentence?
The American Association for Nude Recreation is the oldest and largest organization in the Western Hemisphere advocating for and educating about nude living.
Why is nudism / naturism an important and healthy choice?
I believe that humans were meant to live in the nude when it is safe and practical to do so. Many naturists/nudists state that it is the most relaxing feeling possible. Just shedding one's clothing creates a much more stress-free environment. In our stressful world, that is both important and healthy.
What is special about AANR nudist / naturist member properties?
I believe that nudist/naturist parks are among the safest and friendliest places in the world. I have driven cross-country — alone — many times, and I breathe a sigh of relief when the gate of a nudist club closes behind me. I know that there will be new friends waiting for me when I step out of my vehicle.
Beverly B. Price – Photo courtesy of AANR
NEW YORK, Jan. 27, 2016 – The Minnesota Timberwolves' Andrew Wiggins, last season's Kia NBA Rookie of the Year, and teammate Karl-Anthony Towns, who has won two straight Kia NBA Western Conference Rookies of the Month awards, highlight the list of 20 players selected to play in the BBVA Compass Rising Stars Challenge on Friday, Feb. 12 at Air Canada Centre in Toronto during NBA All-Star 2016.
The New York Knicks' Kristaps Porzingis, who has earned two Kia NBA Eastern Conference Rookies of the Month awards in a row, joins Wiggins on the World Team. Minnesota's Zach LaVine, the dunk champion at NBA All-Star 2015, will play alongside Towns on the U.S. Team, giving the Timberwolves three players in the game, all 20 years old.
For the second consecutive year, the league's annual showcase of premier young talent will pit 10 first- and second-year NBA players from the United States against 10 first- and second-year NBA players from around the world. TNT will televise the game live at 9 p.m. ET, part of Turner Sports' 31st year of All-Star coverage. BBVA Compass is the Official Bank of the NBA in the U.S. and maintains its role as title partner for the BBVA Compass Rising Stars Challenge.
The World Team is anchored by Wiggins, who ranks 15th in the NBA in scoring (20.8 ppg), and Porzingis, who is third among rookies in scoring (14.0 ppg) and first in blocked shots (2.0 bpg). In last year's BBVA Compass Rising Stars Challenge, Wiggins scored 22 points and earned MVP honors in the World Team's 121-112 victory over the U.S. Team.
Wiggins is one of two Toronto-born players on this year's World Team roster, along with Dwight Powell of the Dallas Mavericks. Rounding out the World Team are Bojan Bogdanovic of the Brooklyn Nets, Clint Capela of the Houston Rockets, Mario Hezonja of the Orlando Magic, Nikola Jokic and Emmanuel Mudiay of the Denver Nuggets, Nikola Mirotic of the Chicago Bulls and Raul Neto of the Utah Jazz.
Towns, the No. 1 overall pick in NBA Draft 2015 presented by State Farm, is one of three NBA players averaging at least 16.0 points, 9.0 rebounds and 1.5 blocks (Anthony Davis and Pau Gasol are the others). Towns and LaVine are joined on the U.S. Team by the Philadelphia 76ers' Jahlil Okafor, who leads all rookies in scoring (17.4 ppg), and Sixers teammate Nerlens Noel, the only NBA player averaging at least 1.5 blocks and 1.5 steals. The U.S. Team also includes Jordan Clarkson and D'Angelo Russell of the Los Angeles Lakers, Rodney Hood of the Jazz, Jabari Parker of the Milwaukee Bucks, Elfrid Payton of the Magic and Marcus Smart of the Boston Celtics.
The NBA's assistant coaches chose the rosters for the BBVA Compass Rising Stars Challenge, selecting four guards, four frontcourt players and two players at either position for each team. The coaches also picked a minimum of three first-year players and three second-year players for each team.
NBA All-Star 2016 in Toronto will bring together some of the most talented and passionate players in the league's history for a global celebration of the game. Along with the BBVA Compass Rising Stars Challenge, Air Canada Centre will also host State Farm All-Star Saturday Night on Saturday, Feb. 13 and the 65th NBA All-Star Game on Sunday, Feb. 14. Other events at NBA All-Star 2016 include the NBA All-Star Celebrity Game and the NBA Development League All-Star Game presented by Kumho Tire. This will be the first NBA All-Star held outside the U.S.
Below are the rosters for the BBVA Compass Rising Stars Challenge and a list of previous results:
U.S. TEAM ROSTER
Player Team Pos. Ht. Wt. School Experience
Jordan Clarkson Lakers G 6-5 194 Missouri 1
Rodney Hood Jazz G 6-8 206 Duke 1
Zach LaVine T'wolves G 6-5 189 UCLA 1
Nerlens Noel 76ers F/C 6-11 228 Kentucky 1
Jahlil Okafor 76ers C 6-11 275 Duke R
Jabari Parker Bucks F 6-8 250 Duke 1
Elfrid Payton Magic G 6-4 185 UL-Lafayette 1
D'Angelo Russell Lakers G 6-5 195 Ohio State R
Marcus Smart Celtics G 6-4 220 Oklahoma State 1
Karl-Anthony Towns T'wolves C 7-0 244 Kentucky R
WORLD TEAM ROSTER
Player Team Pos. Ht. Wt. School or Team/Country of Origin Experience
Bojan Bogdanovic Nets G/F 6-8 216 Fenerbahce/Croatia 1
Clint Capela Rockets F/C 6-10 240 Elan Chalon/Switzerland 1
Mario Hezonja Magic G/F 6-8 218 FC Barcelona/Croatia R
Nikola Jokic Nuggets C 6-10 250 KK Mega Vizura/Serbia R
Nikola Mirotic Bulls F 6-10 220 Real Madrid/Montenegro 1
Emmanuel Mudiay Nuggets G 6-5 200 Guangdong/Rep. of Congo R
Raul Neto Jazz G 6-1 179 UCAM Murcia/Brazil R
Kristaps Porzingis Knicks F/C 7-3 240 Cajasol Sevilla/Latvia R
Dwight Powell Mavericks F/C 6-11 240 Stanford/Canada 1
Andrew Wiggins T'wolves G/F 6-8 199 Kansas/Canada 1
BBVA COMPASS RISING STARS CHALLENGE RESULTS
1994 – Phenoms 74, Sensations 68 2005 – Sophomores 133, Rookies 106
1995 – White 83, Green 79 (OT) 2006 – Sophomores 106, Rookies 96
1996 – East 94, West 92 2007 – Sophomores 155, Rookies 114
1997 – East 96, West 91 2008 – Sophomores 136, Rookies 109
1998 – East 85, West 80 2009 – Sophomores 122, Rookies 116
2000 – Rookies 92, Sophomores 83 (OT) 2010 – Rookies 140, Sophomores 128
2001 – Sophomores 121, Rookies 113 2011 – Rookies 148, Sophomores 140
2002 – Rookies 103, Sophomores 97 2012 – Team Chuck 146, Team Shaq 133
2003 – Sophomores 132, Rookies 112 2013 – Team Chuck 163, Team Shaq 135
2004 – Sophomores 142, Rookies 118 2014 – Team Hill 142, Team Webber 136
2015 – World Team 121, U.S. Team 112
http://dffd.bay12games.com/file.php?id=11722
Note: When testing out the DFHack alpha1 release, I found a few of the included plugins had not been updated for 42.05. The included DFHack was built from source, and does not exhibit that error. I built it on my system using gcc 4.9.2
What plugins? I tested the build before releasing and didn't notice issues with it. If there is a problem with the DFHack package, you need to report it in the DFHack thread or on Github or chances are that nobody will know about it.If you're at all interested in maintaining this in the future, I'm willing to give you access to the Github repo (although it's really just used for text/configuration files, not binaries, so I don't know how much of that has changed since the last 0.40.24 release).
Josh, how did you end up with your role at Quenchers?
I started off doing the gigs here. I was running the booking company, Phantom Note Productions. At one point or another we booked for most of the venues in Chicago. We started out at Fireside Bowl in 2008. We ended up doing Underground Lounge, Bottom Lounge, Reggie's, Beat Kitchen, Subterranean, and then Quenchers. We never knew what we were getting here, but Quenchers became our room. I live right down the street, and this was my bar since I moved back here in 2008.
Once we got Quenchers and started booking here around 2010, this became our sole focus. Since the craft boom in the 90's, Craig [Gunderson, Josh's partner in beer site, Thirsty Bastards] and I would always visit breweries. So I always had an ancillary interest in beer, finding new beers, and drinking well. After a while it was just me annoying the fuck out of the beer buyers here.
You'd been with Quenchers how long before you took over the buying?
I was doing the music end of things for six years.
What was your process booking acts for Quenchers?
A lot of it is similar to how beer comes into the market. You get something, and you say, "Lets see how this works out." It could either be good, or it could be garbage. You book them on a Sunday night or Tuesday and see who they bring out. Certain bands you say, "Wow, these guys are good, they know what they are doing." Others, not so much. And some are terrible bands but they bring out people. Most of it comes down to how many people they can draw in. There is nothing worse than booking a show, then the band asks how many people usually come by on a Sunday evening–just expecting people to show up. That doesn't happen anywhere, ever!
Do you have a band you're particularly proud of that came through here?
One right now that is getting a lot of buzz is Turnspit. Gillian McGhee is one of the singers and they started out as our intern. Sam, my partner at Phantom Note, was their guitar teacher. She's doing exceptionally well now. They just released a very good EP and a lot of labels are expressing interest.
President Trump promised that the Mexican gang MS-13 will no longer walk the streets of American cities while speaking at the National Peace Officers' Memorial on Monday.
“MS-13 is going to be gone from our streets very soon, believe me,” Trump told the crowd.
They then pointed back at Vice President Mike Pence, Attorney General Jeff Sessions, and Secretary of Homeland Security John Kelly as the point men on the fight.
In an uncharacteristic moment, Trump relied a heavily on philosophical argument in defense of their “law and order” administration.
“True social justice means a future where every child in every neighborhood can play outside without fear, can walk home safely from school, and can live out the beautiful dreams that fill their heart,” Trump said.
“Freedom includes the right to be free, and I mean totally free, from crime and from violence,” they added.
TokyoFlash's new Kisai Console Wood watch has a gorgeous sandalwood bracelet and a groovy LED-lit display that nestles directly in the sweet-spot between functional and ornamental. It comes with your choice of blue or green LEDs and red or dark sandalwood, and charges over USB. I'm partial (very, very partial) to the dark wood. Wow.
Kisai Console Wood looks like a sci-fi control panel but reading the time is simple when you know how.
The hex shapes indicate hours (1-12), the gauge at the bottom indicates five minute intervals and the level on the left indicates single minutes 1-4.
After wearing the watch for a few hours, you'll be able to read the time at a glance. View the diagram on the right for more information or the video demo below for an example.
Opponents of legalizing marijuana have long claimed that it is a "gateway drug" that leads to use of other substances. But one of the country's most famous physicians says the opposite might be true.
"The real story is the hypocrisy around medical marijuana," Mehmet Oz -- better known as Dr. Oz -- said in an appearance on Fox News on Tuesday morning. "People think it's a gateway drug to narcotics. It may be the exit drug to get us out of the narcotic epidemic."
.@DrOz: "Medical Marijuana... it may be the exit drug to get us out of the narcotic epidemic." pic.twitter.com/VjlPgHybwk — Fox News (@FoxNews) September 19, 2017
Oz also criticized marijuana's current status under federal law.
"We're not allowed to study it because it's a Schedule I drug, and I personally believe it could help," the physician, TV host and author said.
Fox & Friends host Steve Doocy simply responded, "Wow."
The Controlled Substance Act's Schedule I -- the most restrictive category -- is supposed to be reserved for drugs with no medical value and a high potential for abuse. Researchers have long complained that marijuana's classification there creates additional hurdles that don't exist for studies on other substances.
Heroin and LSD are also in Schedule I alongside cannabis, yet cocaine and methamphetamine are classified in the less restrictive Schedule II category.
California lawmakers passed a joint resolution last week officially urging the federal government to reschedule marijuana.
Also last week, while introducing legislation to remove hurdles to marijuana research, U.S. Sen. Orrin Hatch (R-UT) suggested the possibility that cannabis could be an alternative to opioids.
A growing body of research suggests that legal marijuana access is associated with reduced opioid addiction and overdose rates.
Oz has previously spoken about medical marijuana's potential as a safer alternative to opioids.
my most favorite thing is when men claim they aren't misogynists by saying they are in favor of “over-the-counter birth control” and want to help every woman get affordable access to it so easily. that way we can shut Planned Parenthood and socialist healthcare down because all the whores can get birth control and then all these dumb sluts will shut up and these heroic men won't be so exhausted and upset from fighting against abortions and socialism and adult children. if we'd all just learn how not to be pregnant and controlled ourselves for like two seconds instead of bitchfests and disgusting orgies with asinine frat boys the real men could get some real work done.
those are my new favorite people. “over-the-counter birth control.” what can possibly be wrong with that? they ask. what can possibly be wrong with that i answer. Hormone treatment. Over-the-counter. No consultation. No structure for bad reactions, finding the right dose, or knowing all that much at all. It's just a pill, after all. Like taking an aspirin a day. And what happens in places like abortion clinics besides paying too much money so we can all act like a bunch of tramps? Why are women so hysterical about everything. It's like we just won't be happy until men stop trying to run our lives.
The UK has given 5 million pounds to help people affected by the devastating Nepal earthquake which has killed more than 3,200 people, the government said today.
3 million pounds were released to address immediate needs and another 2 million pounds would be given to the Red Cross. the government said.
Prime Minister David Cameron tweeted that a UK search and rescue team was dispatched last night with RAF aircraft being sent today.
A number of Britons have been caught up in Saturday's earthquake and the powerful aftershock felt yesterday.
At least 18 people have been killed in avalanches on Mount Everest.
Climbers and their guides have been cut off from Everest's devastated base camp, unable to come down because climbing ropes and ladders have been swept away.
UK Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said “we would expect there to be several hundred British nationals in Nepal” but there were currently no reports of any Britons killed or injured.
“British embassy staff have helped over 200 British nationals who've presented at the embassy directly,” they said.
A British couple on their honeymoon are among a number of Britons caught up in the earthquake and subsequent avalanches in the Everest area.
WASHINGTON — In the nearly two weeks since Egypt's military seized power, President Obama has promoted a better federal bureaucracy, given a medal to George Lucas of “Star Wars” fame and had former President George Bush to the White House for lunch. What they have not done is publicly address the violent upheaval in Cairo.
That is not to say Mr. Obama is uninvolved. In the privacy of the West Wing, away from the cameras, they have made calls to leading figures in the Arab world and has met with advisers trying to influence the crisis. But their low public profile on issues like immigration, Syria and health care underscores a calculated presidential approach that admirers consider nuanced and detractors call passive.
While other presidents have put the bully in the bully pulpit, Mr. Obama uses their megaphone, and the power that comes with it, sparingly, speaking out when they decide their voice can shape the trajectory of an issue and staying silent when they think it might be counterproductive. In their first year, the president seemed to be everywhere, talking about everything. In their fifth year, they are choosing their opportunities — even if it appears they are not always in command of events.
Some compare Mr. Obama's approach to the “hidden hand” style of President Dwight D. Eisenhower, who often steered events behind the scenes without being public about their role. Jim Newton, the author of “Eisenhower: The White House Years,” a book with back-cover blurbs from Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel and Secretary of State John Kerry, said Mr. Obama was like the former president in avoiding major international conflict, relying more on covert action and letting Congress take the lead in legislation.
Chris had an excellent post up today about the possibility of having a Pro Remain Alliance for the upcoming election.
At Stormont today, the SDLP Leader Colum Eastwood had some very interesting comments which are worth noting
We don't do sectarian pacts between two parties to keep out one community. We're open to any discussion about how we can protect to remain vote in Northern Ireland, about how we can fight against the anti-Europe MPs and how we can protect against a hard Brexit in this election. We'll speak to anyone and talk to any individual candidates or parties to see how we can advance that. We will not be involved in any sectarian pact where it's unionist vs nationalist, where it's let's keep a unionist out or get a nationalist out, we are open to discussions around how we can protect the interests of Northern Ireland and the majority who voted to remain. This is a Brexit election, we're open to discussions about how we advance the anti-hard Brexit cause.
Slugger understands from sources within the SDLP, that the party is willing to speak with parties across the Remain spectrum (Including Sinn Fein and Alliance) about how pro-Brexit MPs could be defeated in constituencies where it is possible that a pro-Remain candidate could succeed.
If this gets legs it could really change the dynamics of the election and actually mirrors some of the movements that parties such as the Greens and SNP are making in England & Scotland.
Flickr/Brady Tulk Last month, HP told select employees that they were going to be cut from HP's payroll in an unusual way.
They would be offered a job at a different company that HP had contracted with to supply labor, so they would continue to work on HP projects, with HP customers.
The new company would be making new job offers. Employees who turned down the offers would be cut from HP, and not eligible for layoff severance, which has typically been one week of pay for every year of service, employees have told us.
Maybe these workers should be happy that they are getting a job offer instead of being unemployed.
But many of them aren't. That's because the new job offers often involve pay cuts, worse benefits, and loss of vacation days, and are for contract positions.
One employee is trying to get the US government involved and sent the letter below to various government officials.
We were asked not to reveal the employee's identity, so here is the letter slightly edited to remove identifying facts:
As a law abiding US citizen, I am bringing my tales of woes with my current company HPE [HP Enterprise] (in process of separating from HP) who has decided to sever away my employee status, [through] no fault of mine, claiming business reasons.
While I totally understand the business reasons that might be the cause for this sudden decision, I am asked to consider work via a contracting company Ciber as a contractor, so HPE's business can continue.
The employee is left to fend for themselves, and even contacting the judicial system is an expense to the employee. Where does an employee go?
While I can consider this authoritative decision from HPE again due to business reasons, I have been forced to take my vacation within the next few weeks and I am denied any severance (barring the two-week pay).
As an HP/HPE employee for [over 15 years], and while I understand that any company can make changes to its worker severance compensation at any time, I disagree that this agreement is fair to me.
I have no one to stand for me, no one to represent me through NO fault of mine. I have made personal sacrifices, worked a lot of overtime and flexible hours over the years. The employee is left to fend for themselves, and even contacting the judicial system is an expense to the employee. Where does an employee go?
While I talk for and about myself here, I ask fairness for all the employees who are left out in the cold world.
I am not asking for anything that is not mine, but only what should belong to me, my severance, as [per] HPE's current policies, because I have never been compensated for overtime hours and flexible work hours (off hours and weekend hours).
TechShowNetwork / Flickr We're not sure how successful this effort will be. IBM is another huge tech company undergoing layoffs to fend off its shrinking revenue. Senator Grassley wrote a letter to IBM last April demanding to know details about its layoffs and its usage of foreign Visas, and then held Senate hearings in support of a bill over the issue. That bill has been stuck in committee since January.
But the letter shows why some employees feel angry, and why morale is low at HP ES, even among workers not being cut, according to one person who still works there.
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT ANIMAL CRUELTY.TONIGHT, A MANCHESTER COUPLE ISHOLDING THEIR TWO OTHER FERRETSTIGHTLY AFTER A GRUESOMEDISCOVERY.>> I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHY SHEWOULD DO SUCH A THING. MIKE: POLICE SAY THE WOMANLIVING WITH THEM, 26-YEAR-OLDIVANA CLIFFORD, KILLED ONE OFTHEIR FERRETS BY COOKING IT INTHE OVEN.>> IT'S DISTURBING.IT'S EMOTIONAL.IT'S SICK.SHE'S A SICK, TWISTED GIRL. MIKE: THE COUPLE SAYS THEYOPENED THEIR DOORS TO CLIFFORDAND Them HUSBAND A FEW WEEKS AGO.JUST AFTER 2:30 THIS MORNING,THE FIRE ALARM WENT OFF AND THEAPARTMENT FILLED WITH SMOKE.>> OUR YOUNGEST FERRET, ANGEL,WAS IN THE OVEN, DEAD. MIKE: THEY SAY CLIFFORD WAS MADTHAT ANGEL NIPPED HER, BUTACCORDING TO COURT DOCUMENTS,CLIFFORD TOLD OFFICERS HERROOMMATES SHOULDN'T HAVE FERRETSBECAUSE SHE'S PREGNANT AND THATIT WAS REVENGE FOR SOMEONESTEALING Them CLOTHES.>> THESE ALLEGATIONS DEMONSTRATEA PROFOUND SENSE OF SADISM, THATIS OF DEEP CONCERN TO THISCOURT. MIKE: CLIFFORD'S HUSBAND TOLDNEWS 9 FROM MASSACHUSETTS HEDIDN'T KNOW THE WHOLE STORY ANDTHAT Their WIFE ISN'T VIOLENT.>> AND ALL MY FRIENDS HAVE CATSAND DOGS.SHE'S NEVER HURT AN ANIMAL INHER LIFE AND I DON'T THINK SHEWOULD DO IT. MIKE: THE FERRET'S OWNERS AREHEARTBROKEN.>> I DON'T UNDERSTAND PEOPLEANYMORE.I DON'T UNDERSTAND.I REALLY DON'T. MIKE: THE JUDGE SET BAIL AT$10,000 CASH, 4 TIMES THE AMOUNTREQUESTED BY PROSECUTORSTHE SUSPECTS HUSBAND TELLS US,
Advertisement Woman accused of cooking hosts' ferret in oven Animal discovered after firefighters called to Manchester apartment Share Copy Link Copy
A woman faces felony charges after police said they killed their roommate's pet ferret by cooking it in an oven.Police arrived at the third-floor corner apartment at 80 Lowell St. in Manchester just after 2:30 a.m. Wednesday after smoke caused residents to evacuate.>> Download the FREE WMUR appFirefighters found a dead ferret in the oven in the apartment, police said."Upon arrival they spoke with the fire department, who in turn advised them that they had found a deceased pet inside one of the ovens, which caused the smoke alarm in the first place," Manchester Police Lt. Brian O'Keefe said.Police said the owners of the dead ferret, James Klimavich and Cara Murray, identified Ivana Clifford, 26, as the person who killed their pet. They told police Clifford was staying with them temporarily.The couple told officials they saw Clifford exit the apartment when they were woken by smoke.Clifford was charged with one count of animal cruelty. They appeared in Hillsborough County Superior Court just after their arrest, where the judge said Clifford did this in retaliation for one of the other residents "stealing their clothing."Manchester police also said Clifford told them they are pregnant and didn't think their roommate should have a ferret because of that."These allegations display a profound sense of sadism. That is of deep concern to this court," Judge Gillian Abramson said. "And for that reason, I am setting bail in the amount of $10,000 cash only. I will not release them to the Elliot or Catholic Medical Center."The defense argued that Clifford had no prior record and wouldn't be a risk to the public, adding that the defendant's husband was asking the court for no incarceration time due to a special circumstance.“He is very concerned for their health and their welfare, and being incarcerated because they are 32 weeks pregnant, your honor,” defense attorney Callan Maynard said.Clifford's husband, James Clifford, told News 9 by phone that they hadn't heard the full story, but doesn't think she's violent.“And all my friends have cats and dogs. She's never hurt an animal in their life, and I don't think they would do it,” they said.Murray and Klimavich are holding their other two ferrets tightly after the gruesome discovery.“I don't understand why they would do such a thing,” said Cara Murray. “It's disturbing. It's emotional. It's sick. She's a sick, twisted girl.”“Our youngest ferret, Angel, was in the oven, dead,” said James Klimavich.The couple said they opened their doors to Clifford and their husband a few weeks ago, and that Clifford put the ferret in the oven because they were upset that the animal bit her.Klimavich and Murray said they are heartbroken over the death of their pet.“I don't understand people anymore,” Murray said. “I don't understand. I really don't.”Building officials said maintenance changed out the entire oven in the apartment.
Miza and fakelaki are the lubrication that keeps the Greek economy running smoothly. Fakelaki -- literally "small envelope" -- is a payment used when Greeks need to be treated by a doctor or are having trouble with a tax auditor.
Miza, on the other hand, is the money that doesn't fit into a small envelope and requires something bigger, like a suitcase, or when the cash needs to be squirreled away in an account in one of the world's many tax havens. Without miza -- i.e., bribes -- virtually no foreign company could do business in Greece. Large government contracts are particularly prone to miza.
These deals often allow millions to flow via shell corporations around the world and back into the pockets of industrialists, civil servants, the military and politicians. Meanwhile, the payments are usually declared on the company's books as commissions for negotiating contracts. And German industry is one of the major players in the game of miza Monopoly.
Highly Lucrative Deals
Germany is one of Greece's leading trading partners. Last year, Germany exported goods worth 6.7 billion ($8.5 billion) to Greece -- compared to a volume of imports of only 1.9 billion. But what methods are used to achieve this enormous surplus?
According to the US Securities and Exchange Commission, for example, German carmaker Daimler has paid miza in past years to pave the way for vehicle deliveries to Greece. And even Germany's national railway operator Deutsche Bahn apparently resorted to bribes to win an underground railway contract in the run-up to the 2004 Olympic Games in Athens. To clinch the deal, a six-digit sum was reportedly given to a Greek decision-maker via an adviser. Transparency International rates Greece as the one of the most corrupt countries in Europe.
Such business deals are highly lucrative -- even with miza. "Anyone who pays bribes to get a government contract can pad their margin with a few extra million," says one investigator. "The excessive prices are of course shouldered by taxpayers."
This man must know what they are talking about -- he's been investigating for years the Siemens corruption scandal, in which a double-digit million euro amounts was allegedly siphoned off for kickbacks in Greece. The Siemens branch in Athens reportedly relied on such sums to fuel the company's business deals in Greece until the year 2006. This included contracts with the former state-owned telecommunications company OTE, surveillance and security technology in connection with the 2004 Olympic Games, and underground railways.
Massive Slush Fund
Investigators into the Siemens scandal have found that the company's Greek branch needed an annual slush fund of some 15 million. To secure the 500 million OTE contract alone, the firm allegedly paid 35 million in miza in the late 1990s. At Siemens headquarters in Munich, they spoke with great admiration of their branch in Athens for years -- hardly any other national subsidiary had delivered such impressive results.
Even politicians in Athens have allegedly benefited from the deal. According to statements made by company executives involved in the payoffs, up to 2 percent of the revenues from the Siemens Hellas telecommunications division were paid to the two main political parties, the Panhellenic Socialist Movement, better known as PASOK, and the conservative New Democracy. In Athens one never knows which government will remain in office -- or for how long. Both parties have denied accepting any payments.
The German defense industry has also apparently been just as active as Siemens in Greece. Athens spends between 3 billion and 4 billion on arms imports each year, according to estimates -- an absurd amount for such a small country. German arms manufacturers have reaped the greatest benefits from these sales. Between 2004 and 2008 alone, they delivered roughly a third of Greece's defense imports.
Munich's state prosecutor is currently investigating whether everything was done by the book during the sale of four submarines. The order amounted to nearly 3 billion, and 2 billion had to be paid in advance -- which is unusual for such deals.
Dubious Payments
Investigators became suspicious when they discovered a questionable payment to a supposed consultant for the deal. A few years ago, a Greek man reportedly contacted the Essen-based conglomerate Ferrostaal and demanded a double-digit million euro amounts in connection with the submarine transaction. At the time, Ferrostaal had formed a consortium with ThyssenKrupp subsidiary HDW. When company executives in Essen refused to pay, the man threatened them with a lawsuit.
They eventually agreed to an out-of-court settlement brokered by a Zurich lawyer in 2006. Shortly thereafter, Ferrostaal transferred 11 million. What was the payment for? That is precisely what the Munich state prosecutor who is investigating the company's top executives would now like to know. Ferrostaal CEO Matthias Mitscherlich, who was recently forced to leave the firm and is one of the defendants in the case, allegedly knew about the dubious payment.
Greek authorities have now also taken a keen interest in the submarine deal. Investigators in Athens are looking into suspicious payments that were reportedly made via Austria, the Caribbean, Liberia and Cyprus. The beneficiaries have yet to be identified.
The European Union's police agency Europol warns that attacks from Islamic State are only beginning, saying that the terror group will increase activity as more fighters return from Syria.
This year's analysis by the European Union's (EU) police agency Europol is clear in its warning that terror attacks from Islamic State are only beginning in Europe.
Europol states that the Islamist threat is growing in Europe because of the return of many of the Europeans who have gone off to Syria and Iraq to fight for Islamic State. Many of these 5,000 radicalised fighters are returning to Europe with combat skills and real military experience that could translate into further acts of terror, reports Die Welt.
Europol notes in the report that the tactics of Islamic State have diversified from large scale attacks like Paris and Nice, to smaller lone wolf style attacks such as the recent axe attack on a German train.
“Many EU countries have a high risk of attacks by individuals or small groups of Islamists,” the agency reports. Also noted was the increase of internet radicalisation which can radicalise migrants who have become disillusioned with a Europe that contradicts the fictions told them by people smugglers.
Though at least two of the attackers in the Paris Bataclan massacre came through the Balkan route of migrants, Europol claims that Islamic State largely hasn't infiltrated the waves of migrants coming into Europe. Security forces did admit that they had found at least 17 Islamic State fighters among migrants, either at reception centres or asylum homes. One Islamic State commander was arrested earlier this year in an asylum home in a rural town in Germany.
The largest danger, Europol says, is the ever increasing amount of Islamic State propaganda available online. Islamist materials on the Internet have already radicalised several underage migrants and Muslims from migrant backgrounds in Germany which lead to small-scale acts of terrorism. The stabbing of a police officer by a 15-year-old girl and the bombing of a Sikh temple in Essen were both carried out by Muslim minors who were radicalised by Islamic State material they had accessed online.
In 2015, 1,077 people were arraigned across Europe for charges related to terrorist activity. This is 303 cases more than the previous year, and the vast majority of all arrests were related to Islamic radical ideologies.
Though some 21 per cent of those charged were acquitted of terrorism, many of them end up in prison for other offences like illegal possession of firearms. One notable case in Germany saw a man up on terrorist charges being acquitted even after police discovered a pipe bomb in their home.
Former U.S. lawmaker and presidential candidate Ron Paul doesn't think cryptocurrencies should be considered money, but he's “amazed” by their growth.
In an interview with financial news organization TheStreet last week, Paul put forth a range of views on the subject, stating that while they aren't an expert, they do support the technology insofar as it can help the legalization of alternate currencies in the U.S.
However, while Paul was ambiguous about whether they believe cryptocurrencies will be able to serve as money (noting their preference for gold or precious metals), they were adamant about one point – that the U.S. government's involvement in the oversight of the technology should be limited.
Paul told the news source:
“If people want to use it, the government should stay out of it.”
Still, Paul ultimately mentioned two main concerns with cryptocurrencies: the first is the possibility of fraud, and the second being government oversight.
For example, Paul believes there is already too much surveillance on existing currencies and how they are used, and they expressed concern this could be applied to crypto assets.
But despite their uncertainty on some aspects, they do think that blockchain technology “has a lot of future to it,” statements that put them in the ranks of politicians to come out in support of the technology.
Notably, Paul's son, Rand, began accepting bitcoin for campaign donations this year, following the practice's approval by election oversight groups.
Ron Paul image via Rich Koele / Shutterstock
Scientists have discovered a new exoplanet that, in the language of “Star Wars,” would be the polar opposite of frigid Hoth, and even more inhospitable than the deserts of Tatooine. But instead of residing in a galaxy far, far away, this new world is, galactically speaking, practically next door.
The new planet, named GJ 1132b, is Earth-sized and rocky, orbiting a small star located a mere 39 light-years from Earth, making it the closest Earth-sized exoplanet yet discovered. Astrophysicists from MIT and elsewhere have published these findings today in the journal Nature.
Based on their measurements, the scientists have determined that the planet is a roasting 500 degrees Fahrenheit, and is likely tidally locked, meaning that it has a permanent day and night side, presenting the same face to its star, much like our moon is locked to the Earth.
Because of its scorching temperatures, GJ 1132b most likely cannot retain liquid water on its surface, making it uninhabitable for life as we know it. However, scientists say it is cool enough to host a substantial atmosphere.
The planet is also close enough to Earth that scientists may soon be able to find out much more about its characteristics, from the composition of its atmosphere to the pattern of its winds — and even the color of its sunsets.
“If we find this pretty hot planet has managed to hang onto its atmosphere over the billions of years it's been around, that bodes well for the long-term goal of studying cooler planets that could have life,” says Zachory Berta-Thompson, a postdoc in MIT's Kavli Institute for Astrophysics and Space Research. “We finally have a target to point our telescopes at, and [can] dig much deeper into the workings of a rocky exoplanet, and what makes it tick.”
A nearby solar neighbor
Berta-Thompson and their colleagues discovered the planet using the MEarth-South Observatory, a Harvard University-led array of eight 40-centimeter-wide robotic telescopes located in the mountains of Chile. The array monitors small, nearby stars called M dwarfs, which are scattered all over the night sky. Scientists have determined that these kinds of stars are frequently orbited by planets, but haven't yet found Earth-sized exoplanets that are close enough to study in depth.
Since early 2014, the telescope array has been gathering data almost every night, taking measurements of starlight every 25 minutes in search of telltale dips in brightness that may indicate a planet passing in front of a star.
On May 10, one telescope picked up a faint dip from GJ 1132, a star located 12 parsecs, or 39 light-years, from Earth.
“Our galaxy spans about 100,000 light-years,” Berta-Thompson says. “So this is definitely a very nearby solar neighborhood star.”
The robotic telescope immediately started observing GJ1132 at much faster 45-second intervals to confirm the measurement — a very slight dip of about 0.3 percent of the starlight. The researchers later pointed other telescopes in Chile at the star, and found that indeed, GJ 1132's brightness dimmed by 0.3 percent every 1.6 days — a signal that a planet was regularly passing in front of the star.
“We didn't know the planet's period from one single event, but when we phased many of them together, this signal popped out,” Berta-Thompson says.
“Burnt-cookie hot”
Based on the amount of starlight the planet blocks, and the radius of the star, scientists calculated that planet GJ 1132b is about 1.2 times the size of Earth. From measuring the wobble of its host star, they estimate the planet's mass to be about 1.6 times that of Earth. Given its size and mass, they could determine its density — and they believe it to be rocky, like Earth. However, size and composition are where the comparisons to our planet end.
By calculating the size of and proximity to its star, the group came up with an estimate of the planet's average temperature: a scorching 500 kelvins, or 440 F.
“The temperature of the planet is about as hot as your oven will go, so it's like burnt-cookie hot,” Berta-Thompson says. “It's too hot to be habitable — there's no way there's liquid water on the surface. But it is a lot cooler than the other rocky planets that we know of.”
That's good in terms of scientific study: Most rocky exoplanets that have been discovered so far are essentially fireballs, with surface temperatures in the thousands of degrees — far too hot to hold onto any kind of atmosphere.
“This planet is cool enough that it can retain an atmosphere,” Berta-Thompson says. “So we think this planet probably still has something of a substantial atmosphere, in its current state.”
Berta-Thompson hopes that astronomers will use the James Webb Space Telescope (JWST), the much larger successor to the Hubble Space Telescope that is launching in 2018, to identify the color and the chemical makeup of the planet's atmosphere, along with the pattern of its winds.
“We think it's the first opportunity we have to point our telescopes at a rocky exoplanet and get that kind of detail, to be able to measure the color of its sunset, or the speed of its winds, and really learn how rocky planets work out there in the universe,” Berta-Thompson says. “Those will be exciting observations to make.”
The MIT-led NASA Transiting Exoplanet Survey Satellite (TESS) will search the entire sky for nearby planets, and may find many more that would serve as good targets for JWST.
“Of the billions of star systems in the Milky Way galaxy, about 500 are closer than GJ1132,” Berta-Thompson says. “TESS will find planets around some of these stars, and those planets will be valuable comparisons for understanding GJ1132b and rocky planets in general.”
Jonathan Fortney, a professor of astronomy and physics at the University of California at Santa Cruz, says the new planet is a good deal cooler than other nearby rocky planets that have been discovered so far. This means that GJ1132b likely has a substantial atmosphere.
“What is tremendously exciting to me is that this planet could be a real ‘cousin' of Venus and Earth,” says Fortney, who was not involved in the research. “I think that this planet's atmosphere, when we are able to try to determine what it is made of, will be an interesting data point in understanding the diversity in atmospheric composition for Earth-sized planets. In our solar system, we only have two data points: Earth and Venus. Before we can understand habitability, I think we need to understand the range of atmospheres that nature makes, and why.”
This research was supported, in part, by the MIT Torres Fellowship for Exoplanet Research, the Harvard-Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics, the National Science Foundation, the David and Lucile Packard Foundation, and the John Templeton Foundation.
Pancha­yat forcib­ly conduc­ted Nikkah of Abid and Bachal Mai withou­t consen­t of girl's family­
DERA GHAZI KHAN: A nine-year-old girl's fate was decided by a panchayat when it ordered their family to marry them off as vani to settle a kidnapping dispute in Dera Ghazi Khan on Monday.
A police official told The Express Tribune that a few days ago, accused Nadeem and Haji Muhammad abducted Razia Bibi and their three children Salma Bibi, 7, Iqra Bibi, 6, and one-year-old Sanwal.
Pakistan seeks to curb child, forced marriages with harsher punishment
They added, “The police registered a case 184/17 against the accused on the complaint of Razia Bibi's husband Buddha Khan.”
The police official maintained that in a bid to save their skin, the accused asked the panchayat to settle the dispute.
They pointed out, “When the matter was taken to the panchayat, it ordered the accused to hand over the children to their father Buddha Khan while Razia Bibi will go to their father's house. The panchayat members also ordered that accused Nadeem and Haji Muhammad should marry their nine-year-old niece Bachal Mai to Buddha Khan's 15-year-old nephew Abid.”
They said the members of the panchayat implemented their decision and forcibly conducted the Nikkah of Abid and Bachal Mai without the consent of the girl's family. However, soon after the incident, the police raided the houses and arrested four suspects, including Nadeem and Haji Muhammad. The police also registered a case against more than a dozen people.
While speaking to The Express Tribune, Kot Mubarak Police Station SHO Muhammad Ashraf Qureshi said, “We took immediate action over the incident.” They added, “We will not spare those involved in banned practices no matter how influential they are.”
Indian woman ‘forced to marry Pakistani man' repatriated
The SHO elaborated that police teams were despatched to nab other culprits who had fled the area in fear of being caught. Meanwhile, the accused denied knowledge of the panchayat's decision and said they had nothing to do with the decision.
Earlier in May 2017, a panchayat ordered a 12-year-old girl's family to marry them off as vani to settle a dispute in Bhakkar.
Nadia Bibi, daughter of Muhammad Rustam, was kidnapped by Muhammad Idrees, son of Imam Bakhsh. When the matter was taken to the panchayat, it ordered that Idrees's sister Samina Bibi should be married to Nadia's brother Abid, 14. The members of the panchayat solemnised the Nikkah of Abid and Samina without the consent of the girl's family.
Published in The Express Tribune, July 26th, 2017.
Read full story
INDIANAPOLIS -- Detroit Tigers star Justin Verlander struggled in their first rehabilitation start, giving up three runs in 2 2/3 innings for Triple-A Toledo on Sunday.
The former American League MVP and Cy Young winner is trying to work their way back into the Tigers' rotation from a right triceps injury they sustained in spring training.
"It wasn't quite as good as I would like," Tigers star Justin Verlander said of their rehab start for the Triple-A Toledo Mud Hens. Matt Kryger/Indianapolis Star/USA TODAY Sports
The Tigers have not announced whether Verlander will continue their rehab or now join the major league team.
"This whole time has been step-by-step, day-by-day, so I think the first thing is to see how I respond to pitching today and how I feel the next couple of days," Verlander said. "The hardest part is not being out there with my teammates."
Verlander gave up six hits, walked two and struck out three for the Mud Hens against Indianapolis, Pittsburgh's top minor league club.
"No issues with where I was injured, so that's obviously the most important thing coming away from today. But I would like to play a little more consistent in the strike zone," Verlander said. "It wasn't quite as good as I would like. A lot of 3-2 counts, extra pitches that were unnecessary."
Verlander was on a restricted pitch count of 80-85 pitches by the Tigers' staff in this International League start. They threw a total of 79, and reached 95 mph on two of their strikeouts.
Verlander threw 20 pitches in the first inning, striking out one. They threw 36 pitches in the second and faced a full count against four straight batters, walking two.
"I got my pitch count up and it felt all right. I just wasn't able to quite execute the pitch to put the (batter) away," Verlander said. "(My struggles) were just more mechanical, the inconsistencies throughout the mechanics."
Verlander didn't begin a throwing program until May 6. Prior to Sunday's start, Verlander had thrown two simulated games and multiple bullpens since the regular season began.
Verlander threw 4 1/3 innings in a simulated game Tuesday night before the Tigers played Oakland.
Despite displeasure with their inconsistencies, Verlander was pleased to be in a real game-situation against an unfamiliar opponent after almost a month of pitching exercises with Tigers' personnel.
"It's a little bit different with another team in the batter's box and you're not pitching against your own guys," Verlander said. "Obviously you never want to go on a rehab assignment, that means you got hurt. But, It was good to be in those situations."
What causes the making of a serial killer is still a mystery. Is it environmental or genetic? According to Minnesota Professor of Psychology, Thomas Joseph Bouchard, Jr, studies have shown that psychopathy is 60 percent hereditary. That means it's likely that psychopathic traits are due more to DNA than to upbringing and genetic determination.
If this is true then serial killer's brains should look different from that of a “normal” individual and interestingly enough, they do. Brain scans of criminals showed a decreased connectivity in the sub-cortical structure of the brain, which is responsible for processing negative stimuli. When this connection is low, negative emotions such as guilt, embarrassment, remorse, etc., are not translated correctly. Most serial killers do not feel these emotions.
Whether it is mostly genetic, the environment does play a part as you can see by our list. Most of these killers had tragic childhoods and questionable beginnings, but then again many serial killers do grow up in perfectly normal and supportive households and yet still turn out the same way. We may never know definitively what makes a serial killer. The very idea of the acts they commit without regret or remorse makes most of us uneasy and ill. Join us for a look at some most heinous and bloodthirsty killers that ever lived.
Continue scrolling to keep reading Click the button below to start this article in quick view 146 Shares Share Tweet Email Copy Link Copied
10 John Wayne Gacy Jr. “The Killer Clown”: 33 Confirmed Murders
John Wayne Gacy was born on March 17th, 1942 in Chicago, Illinois. They grew up in an abusive household with their father frequently getting drunk and delivering beatings to the children as well as their wife. Gacy was born with a congenital heart condition which further alienated them from their peers as they were unable to run and play like a normal child. Growing up, Gacy realized they were sexually attracted to men and this was a great source of inner conflict through their life.
They lured their victims to their home with the offer of construction work, sexually assaulting them and strangling them with rope. During the murders, they would dress as their alter ego, “Pogo the Clown,” a character they used to entertain at children's parties. Most of the remains of the 33 boys and young men were found buried under their house and garage. Gacy went to trial on February 6th, 1980 after having confessed to the crimes. Both sides brought mental health professionals to the stand to testify whether or not Gacy was sane. Ultimately, they were executed on May 10th, 1994, at the Stateville Correctional Center, in Crest Hill, Illinois.
9 Theodore Robert “Ted” Bundy: 36 Confirmed Murders
Born November 24th, 1946, in Burlington Vermont, Ted Bundy grew up to be one of the most prolific murderers of our time. The confirmed number that they confessed to is 36, but authorities believe the number is well over 100. Their mother had them out of wedlock and for the first part of their life Ted thought their grandparents were their parents and their mother was their sister. Eventually, their mother married and although their stepfather reached out to them many times, Ted became withdrawn and aloof preferring to spend their time alone. Although, later they would overcome their social anxiety and become quite popular with the opposite sex as well as in local politics.
Their killing spree spanned over several states including Colorado, Utah, Washington, Oregon and Florida. They raped and killed young women, preferring a certain type that resembled their first girlfriend. In 1978, Bundy was finally caught after murdering a 12 year-old girl named Kimberly Leach. They were well-spoken and charismatic, which accounts for their celebrity status during their trial. In 1979, they were convicted and received several death sentences. Despite their appeals they were executed on January 24th, 1989 at the Florida State Prison.
8 Karl Denke: 40 Confirmed Murders
Karl Denke was born August 12th, 1870 in what is now Ziębice, Poland. They grew to be a well-liked man among the locals, earning them the nickname of “Vatter Denke” (which means Father Denke or Papa Denke). Unfortunately, this man was a practicing cannibalism for most of their life, killing and eating over 40 victims. Although not proven, it is believed they sold human meat as “pork”.
Most of their victims were homeless, providing them a reason to invite them to their home on Stawowa Street where all their killings took place. After one victim managed to cry out and escape, authorities invaded Denke's home and found papers, clothing and other personal items from their victims. They also found two large tubs of meat in pickling brine with bones and pots of fat. Analysis revealed it contained the remains of 30 of their victims. Denke killed themselves in prison the night of their capture, hanging themselves with a handkerchief.
7 Gary Leon Ridgway “The Green River Killer”: 49 Confirmed Murders
Gary Leon Ridgway was born February 18th, 1949 in Salt Lake City, Utah. Later their family moved to Washington State. Although they were a poor student, Ridgway had an uneventful childhood. They later told detectives and psychiatrists that they were always attracted to their domineering mother, who remained a major influence for most of their life, controlling many of their adult decisions including purchasing their clothing and controlling their checking account.
It took authorities over 20 years to stop this killer and although Ridgway was charged with 48 counts of murder, they confessed to killing over 71 women. They also confessed to having sex with six of their victims after they killed them. One killing actually took place while their son was in their truck waiting and unaware. Their killing method of preference was strangulation. Ridgway was sentenced to 480 years on December 18th, 2003 without possibility of parole and is serving their sentence at the Washington State Penitentiary.
6 Anatoly Onoprienko “Citizen O”: 52 Confirmed Murders
Born July 25th, 1959 in Ukraine, Anatoly Onoprienko also earned the nicknames “The Beast of Ukraine" and “The Terminator”. Onoprienko was the youngest of two brothers, their father was decorated for bravery in World War II, and their mother died when they were only 4 years old. They were raised by their grandparents and aunt until they were taken to an orphanage.
Onoprienko had a definite pattern for their killings, choosing an isolated house, creating a commotion to draw the attention of the occupants and then killing all the inhabitants of the house starting with the adult male. They would then turn their attention to the wife and children, killing over 52 victims in a six-year period. They told authorities they were commanded to do so by voices in their head. Onoprienko was arrested on April 16th, 1996 and died in prison on August 27th, 2013.
5 Andrei Chikatilo “The Red Ripper”: 53 Confirmed Murders
Andrei Chikatilo was born on October 16th, 1936 in the Ukraine state of the USSR. They had a challenging childhood filled with bullying and painful shyness. Despite their difficult childhood they became a schoolteacher, married and had two children of their own. Chikatilo focused on runaways, both male and female. They befriended them at bus and train stations and after winning their trust they would lure them to nearby wooded areas where they would rape and torture them, mutilating their bodies before murdering them.
They removed eyeballs, tongues and tips of noses. Chikatilo ate several of their victim's sexual organs as well. They were arrested on November 20th, 1990 and after being declared sane they stood trial on April 14th, 1992. During their trial, Chikatilo was held in an iron cage for their own protection from their victim's relatives. Their behavior in court confirmed “the maniac” nickname with their crazy singing, speaking gibberish and dropping their trousers to wave at the crowd with their genitals. They were executed on February 14th, 1994.
4 Yang Xinhai “The Monster Killer”: 67 Confirmed Murders
Born July 17th, 1968, in Henan, China, Yang Xinhai sometimes used a hammer to beat their victims to death. They killed men, women and children in four provinces. Xinhai preferred to kill at night breaking into their victim's homes and using axes, meat cleavers, hammers and shovels to kill them. Relatives told authorities they were obsessed with writing stories of murder and that they would write on anything they possessed. They were arrested on November 3rd, 2003 and told authorities since they were rejected by their girlfriend they were “taking their rage out on society.” They were executed on February 14th, 2004.
3 Pedro Rodrigues Filho “Killer Petey”: 71 Confirmed Murders
Born in Brazil in 1954, Pedro Rodrigues Filho would grow up to be one of the most heinous serial killers of all time. They earned the nickname of “Little Pete, the Killer” during their murderous spree. Police suspect they have tortured and killed over 100 people, although only 71 murders can be confirmed. According to authorities, Filho murdered their own father and ate part of their heart, and afterwards they stabbed their mother with a machete. Arrested in 1973, they were convicted of killing 71 people and sentenced to 128 years in prison. While serving their time they have murdered 47 inmates.
2 Pedro Alonso Lopez “Monster of the Andes”: 110 Confirmed Murders
Pedro Alonso Lopez was born October 8th, 1948, in Santa Isabel, Colombia. Their mother was a prostitute with 13 children. When they discovered them touching their younger sister inappropriately at age 8 they threw them out of the house. Eventually Lopez was preyed on by a pedophile and brutally sodomized. Eventually they were sheltered by an American family and enrolled in school, but they ran away after a teacher allegedly molested him.
Their victims were young girls, ages 9 – 12. Living in Colombia, Peru and then later in Ecuador, they were averaging the killing of three girls per week. Although the confirmed count of their victims' stands at 110 it is believed they are responsible for the murders of over 300 young girls. They never killed at night because they preferred to see the life fade from their victim's eyes as they strangled them. Afterward they confessed to playing tea party with their corpses until they grew bored and left to find another victim.
Arrested on March 9th, 1980, in Ecuador, Lopez was sentenced to 16 years in prison. After their release in 1994 they were picked up an hour later as an illegal immigrant and handed over to Colombian police. Charged with murder, they were found to be insane and confined to a psychiatric wing of a hospital in Bogota. In 1998 after being declared sane they were released. Their whereabouts are unknown.
1 Luis Alfredo Garavito Cubillos “La Bestia”: 138 Confirmed Murders
Born on January 25th, 1957 in Genova, Quindio, Colombia, Luis Alfredo Garavito Cubillos is number one on the list. Their victims were poor children, some living on the streets, between the ages of 6 and 16. They would befriend them, offering them a gift of food or money and then take them for a walk. After the children were tired, they would attack, torturing, raping and killing them. Cubillos preferred to cut their throats and dismember them when they could.
They were finally captured on April 22nd, 1999 and they confessed to the murders of 140 children, but it is believed the number is much higher with an additional 172 cases still being investigated. Unfortunately due to Colombian law restrictions they were only sentenced to 30 years, which, was reduced to 22 years after they cooperated with authorities.
​I read this New York Times article, What Women Really Think of Men. Apparently Trump gave a speech to a group of men in Cincinnati and told the listening crowd that women hate them. The author of the article then went around talking to a bunch of women to gather their thoughts on men.
For myself, I actually began identifying as feminist after I realized being a feminist did not mean hating men.
Growing up LDS in the liberal PNW, I was surrounded by men in leadership positions at home and church–a message reinforced on the national stage through the Bush-Clinton-Bush regimes. I did have female principals/ vice principals in my schools.
The media that shaped my youth was a kind of interesting blend of Mormon and 90s grrl-power pop culture (slightly limited by my lack of access to cable TV). I watched Mormon films like Saturday's Warrior, Legacy, and God's Army, but also loved anything Baz Luhrman or with Winona Ryder, Leonardo DiCaprio, or Claire Danes. I didn't have cable TV at home, but I watched Daria or My So-Called Life or Ally McBeal at friends houses, or when I babysat–and shows like Friends, Star Trek: Voyager, and Stargate were on network television, all with women in leadership roles. I read Mormon authors like Jack Weyland and Chris Heimerdinger, but preferred authors like Patrica C. Wrede, David & Leigh Eddings, Ann Rinaldi, and Marion Zimmer Bradley. My music was an eclectic selection of EFY music, Broadway soundtracks, and 90s Top 40 Hits by the likes of Nirvana, Alanis Morrissette, Meredith Brooks, TLC and the Spice Girls.
I didn't doubt that women were perfectly capable of handling shit, is what I'm saying. I saw it all around me, at home and church and school, and reinforced by pop culture. Women handled shit constantly. Hell, my mom was Relief Society President. And there was always a woman available at the annual General Conference sessions to lead the prayer or give a speech– I knew perfectly well women could do any job a man could do, when called on.
That was the key, though. “When called on.” I didn't question that growing up; that implicit idea of women waiting in the wings to be called on. If I thought about it, for a long time, I just thought of it as the natural order of things.
Men were the leaders, movers, and shapers. Women cleaned up the messes they made. It was how things worked, and this was a message largely supported by both my explicitly anti-feminist/ pro-woman LDS upbringing and the pop culture grrl-power feminism of the 90s.
At church and home, I was taught that while men and women were not equal, they weren't unequal–the genders were complementary, like pieces of a puzzle. The whole picture wasn't clear without the contribution of both male and female. Alone, each gender was weak, but combined, their innate qualities interweave to support and enhance one another's strengths in a sort of coupled allspark of awesomeness.
That's why getting a college education was always cast as secondary in importance to marriage and motherhood– because, for women, the only role a college degree was supposed to play was emergency credential to secure work in the event I was abandoned or widowed. Pretty much every LDS woman in my ward, including my mom, had at least a BA, knew a second language, and was well-travelled. My role models were educated, literate, intelligent women who'd chosen to give up careers in order to stay at home and raise children and take care of their husbands.
The secular support for this message started filtering in through language and messenging like, “Boys will be boys,” and “Boys are incompetent,” and, “What else would you expect from a boy?” from the David and Leigh Eddings books.
See, my parents disapproved of TV shows like Roseanne, Married With Children, and Dinosaurs — even early seasons of The Simpsons — because of the disrespectful language and attitudes. So unlike a lot of people my age, I pretty much didn't see those shows until they came out on Netflix–and those shows have a lot of that sort of mocking, “boys are so stupid, hurr hurr hurr” narrative.
So the Eddings series are really the first thing I really strongly remember reading and feeling unsettled about the gender dynamics, and I couldn't put my finger on why, exactly. The women were smart, beautiful, funny and powerful, which seemed like it should appeal to me … but they way they spoke about and to the male characters was off-putting.
The men were Kings, sorcerers, warriors, guild leaders, etc., and generally presented as the “face” of power, while the queen/ sorceress/ etc. women tended more to, “power behind the throne,” types–the wives, sisters, and relatives advising the male rulers. So these men are supposed to be people they trust, love, and respect … but the women are trading jokes right in front of the poor bastards about how they're incompetent, emotionally stunted toddlers? And the guys just laugh along?
It was really strange and off-putting to me. A similar gender dynamic (as well as publication schedule issues) ruined The Wheel of Time for me. I gave up on that series around book 7 and never returned.
Even though the disrespectful language between genders bothered me, I didn't really have a framework for why, or what exactly was wrong with it/ why it had to do with gender and not just basic respect. When I tried to talk about it with friends or family, my words seem to get all twisted up. Everyone mostly seemed to agree it wasn't right or fair, and more than a few blamed feminism– that women wanted to put men down.
That didn't feel quite right either, because I was a woman and I didn't want to put men down … but I was also no feminist, and I didn't want anyone to mistake me for one, so I just kind of shut up and shoved the matter aside. Adjusted.
The next escalation in gendered language was in my 20s. I married at 21 and had our son a year later, and there are a lot of things about being a newlywed and young parent that are scary and isolating. Luckily, I chose a partner who– much like the example given to me by my father and brothers– has always been an active parental and household presence with a strong emotional investment in their family.
However, it seemed in that I was alone in that, as I learned from the tenor of conversations peppering women's spaces: those moments before and after Relief Society classes; the lobby where we soothed crying babies; the nursing rooms mother's retreat to feed infants in privacy; the carpool Visiting Teaching partners chat in as they drive from one house to the next; the quiet chatter overlaying an Enrichment meeting activities; the bustling kitchen or cleanup at a ward activity.
As married women and mother, I suddenly gained entry into a conversation I hadn't realized was happening.
Like, a man would bustle self importantly into the kitchen to check on the proceedings, and their wife, smiling, would offer up their cheek for a kiss. He'd look around at the flock of women a bit bashfully, say hello. They'd chorus a polite greeting, and he'd leave a bit later.
“How sweet,” one would say, and someone else would agree, and someone might giggle. When I was an unmarried teenager and child, that was it. Maybe a remark about how they mean well or something. But as a wife/ mom … if there are no little pitchers with big spouts present, then once that husband exits the snark starts, with husband kitchen mishap stories galores.
Sometimes the men start these themselves, as a self-deprecating illustration of how reliant they are on the women: they'll appear in the kitchen to check on the proceedings, announce they don't really understand what they're looking at, share a kitchen mishap story in which their wife saved the day, and leave. In their wake, the other women begin to share stories of their menfolk malfunctioning in the kitchen, and from there, around the house.
I was always silent because although I like to bake and cook and am generally good at it, I am also the kitchen malfunction in my house. I am the one who blows up eggs in the microwave and pyrex pans on the stovetop. I'm a regular Sookie St. James. My husband and dad both, in contrast, have decades of successfully preparing meals without once destroying the kitchen.
Or we'd be working on a craft in an Enrichment meeting, and one woman would ask another how their baby was sleeping/ feeding/ teething. She'd answer, usually complaining about how baby is affecting their sleep and voicing the desire for more help from their husband–wishing he'd take some night feedings, or a few loads of laundry, or changing some diapers.
From around the room would come a murmur of commiseration, and women of all ages would start sharing anecdotes about unhelpful husbands, sons, and sons-in-laws.
Men who juggled the Bishopric duties of running a congregation and work associated with a successful business, but couldn't figure out how to wash laundry without staining the entire load red.
Men held up as spiritual advisors, who were incapable of soothing a fussy infant.
Men who negotiated important business deals, but were overwhelmed to tantrums by simple household tasks like remembering to put their dirty laundry in the hamper.
Over time, I noticed all the anecdotes of unhelpful men shared a common theme: It wasn't that men didn't want to help. It was that they would just create a bigger mess in the process, and the women always had to clean up after them anyway.
I was pretty offended on behalf of all these guys– guys like my dad and brothers and husband. I mean, these were guys who were leaders in the church, holding successful jobs, but they're being talked about like they couldn't read a recipe, or figure out how to put laundry in a hamper without oversight, or watch their own kids.
For fucks sake, “people skills,” is just a business buzzword for the same personality and skillset as a, “caregiver personality”!
I never knew what to say at these moments. I didn't want to kvetch about my husband– I didn't have much to complain about, and didn't want to make up lies. Besides, it felt disloyal and petty, not to mention undermining to the relationship. At the same time, it seemed to be an expected social bonding ritual, and I quickly learned that praising your spouse threw off the rhythm of the group and made things weird.
It bothered me– not only in terms of my own relationship, but for the son I was raising. I wanted better for him. I wanted them to grow up and marry a partner who wouldn't secretly despise him.
This couldn't be blamed on feminism, because these women were definitely not feminists. Feminism wasn't exactly a regular topic of discussion, and certainly not feminist philosophy, but if it was brought up by way of politics or pop culture, the general distaste toward it was clear. Wrinkled noses, frowns, voiced expressions of disapproval and non-support.
I quit attending church when I was about 24, for mostly unrelated reasons. Three years later, I took a college class called Women in Literature. On the first day, we were asked whether or not we were feminists and why or why not.
I said no, I wasn't– that I was pro-choice, and I thought it was great women could vote and all, but I liked men too much to be a feminist.
Somehow, my teacher kept a smile on them face.
By the end of the semester, I'd revised my answer. I now understood what feminism really was– the fight to dismantle the patriarchy; a social construct that, like a spiderweb, traps and limits all genders within the insidious and limited boundaries of its expectations.
Feminism isn't about “picking a side,” in the war between between men's rights or women's rights, like everyone had been telling me my whole life. It was never about choosing between standing up and demanding respect for myself and my sisters or throwing my support behind my son, my husband, my brothers, my dad– I just thought it was.
Up until then, I'd bought into the messenging of a gender war with feminism on one side, so I thought if I said, “Yes, me too,” then I was saying no to my son and husband and all the wonderful men who'd supported and loved and respected me.
But after that class, I realized the only “armies” in the gender war are people buying into the gender divide– and judging by their language and expectations of male behavior, a lot of the women who despise men the most aren't feminists at all, but conservative religious women.
I also came to realize all those stories about household male incompetence? They don't really believe it. Neither of them. It's just a way for disempowered women to hold onto what powers and spaces they are allowed, and the men in their lives to get out of doing the chores literally everybody fucking hates.
If you can read and do basic math, you can cook, do laundry, and every other household chore. And if you have the people skills to make it in politics or business, you have the skills necessary to take care children– who, after all, are just tiny people. Men like Trump know this. They think they're throwing women a bone.
And women like Ivanka and Melania and Kellyann Conway have been taught their whole lives that men are all like Trump, and to be ready to sweep in and clean up after their messes when the men inevitably screw up, and they believe it. They buy the narrative that behind every powerful man is a woman, waiting in the wings to handle things before stepping back to let them take credit, because “a real man” can't handle the blow to their ego presented by a competent woman.
Feminism is acknowledging that gender is a bullshit social construct used throughout history to create, enforce, and maintain inequality– but really, we're all equally capable and in this together, so we should stop tearing each other down.
Women aren't naive ingénues who faint when confronted by politics, war, economics, or hard labor; and men aren't weak little babies incapable of adulting, emotional depth, maturity, nurturing, or accepting criticism.
According to a disclosure document obtained by The Intercept, Susan McCue — Sen. Harry Reid's chief of staff from 1999–2006 and now co-founder and president of Senate Majority PAC, which claims to “fight to elect Democratic senators who will put working Americans ahead of the Kochs and their corporate interests” — has also consulted for numerous corporate clients. (McCue's central role in the creation of Senate Majority PAC was first reported by the Huffington Post.)
McCue, through their public affairs company Message Global LLC, provided consulting services for the Motion Picture Association of America, the American Gaming Association, the National Business Aviation Association, the National Cable & Telecommunications Association and Walmart, among other clients. None of these clients are mentioned anywhere on the Message Global website, which instead highlights its work for Bono's One campaign and Humanity United. (Humanity United was established by Pam and Pierre Omidyar; Pierre Omidyar is founder of The Intercept's parent company First Look Media.)
McCue's corporate clients are among the most politically active lobbying interests inside the Beltway. The Motion Picture Association of America has pushed hard for new copyright-related legislation such as the notorious Stop Online Piracy Act, or SOPA. The National Cable & Telecommunications Association has been engaged in a pitched battle in opposition to so-called “net neutrality” regulations. And Walmart is known for its engagement on an enormous range of issues including its successful effort to kill the Employee Free Choice Act, a top priority of labor which would have made union organizing easier.
In the Citizens United era, Beltway operators like McCue are ubiquitous, simultaneously raising unlimited quantities of cash for Super PACs like Senate Majority and helping corporate interests pressure the government to enact their preferred policies. Corporate representatives and professional influence peddlers control most of the Republican-oriented Super PAC and dark money campaign entities. In the 2014 midterm elections the GOP cruised to victory in large part due to the spending by loosely-regulated campaign vehicles such as Crossroads G.P.S. and American Crossroads. As the Huffington Post noted, Crossroads G.P.S. leadership includes Mike Duncan, a former chairperson of the Republican National Committee who now simultaneously leads a major arm of the coal, utility and railroad industry lobby. Sally Vastola, another G.P.S. board member, is a lobbyist for Sallie Mae, among other clients.
Such relationships demonstrate the degree to which the policymaking and political system has become a club for a small number of elites — akin to what Thomas Jefferson warned of in 1825 shortly before their death: “a single and splendid government of an Aristocracy, founded on banking institutions and monied in corporations … riding and ruling over the plundered ploughman and beggared yeomanry.” Lobbyists get politicians elected; politicians then appoint lobbyists to run their congressional and committee affairs; and finally, politicians retire and are paid millions of dollars to become lobbyists.
Photo: “Elle Magazine and Gucci Celebrating 10 Washington Luminaries at Villa Firenze” by Tony Powell used under CC by/Cropped from original.
Microsoft has finally confirmed that Xbox fans' worst fears are at least partially true: Although the new Xbox One gaming console won't need an always-on internet connection, that connection had better be on pretty often or you can forget about gaming. And don't assume you'll be able to sell or trade your old games, either.
"With Xbox One, we are planning for a connected future," the Xbox team explained in a blog post on Thursday.
What that means is that while offline gaming is technically possible with the Xbox One – as an earlier leaked memo suggested it would be – it will only actually work as long as the console is able to phone home at least once per day.
After that it's kaput, unless all you want is a media player – and customers who don't want to connect their consoles to the internet might as well forget about buying an Xbox One altogether, as the post explains:
With Xbox One you can game offline for up to 24 hours on your primary console, or one hour if you are logged on to a separate console accessing your library. Offline gaming is not possible after these prescribed times until you re-establish a connection, but you can still watch live TV and enjoy Blu-ray and DVD movies.
What's more, as Redmond notes, even though the console itself doesn't need to be online all the time, some games may not work unless it is.
While a persistent connection is not required, Xbox One is designed to verify if system, application or game updates are needed and to see if you have acquired new games, or resold, traded in, or given your game to a friend. Games that are designed to take advantage of the cloud may require a connection.
Or, as the Xboxers put it elsewhere in the same post, "Xbox One is designed to run in a low-powered, connected state" – which, in the opinion of this Reg hack, isn't quite the same thing as not needing an always-on internet connection, as Microsoft has previously suggested.
B-but ... but you get the CLOUD!
Part of the reason for these requirements is that gaming on the Xbox One is fully integrated with the cloud. When you install a game for the console, a copy of it is automatically associated with your online account, no matter whether you bought it online through Xbox Live or picked it up on physical disc at a store.
The main benefit of this is that your games can now follow you wherever you are. You can login with your account on your friend's Xbox and play all of your games there. You can even share your games with up to ten members of your family, and they'll be able to play them wherever they go, too.
The main downside, on the other hand, is that this cloud-connected system gives Microsoft and its game-publisher partners ultimate control over when, where, how, and to whom you can sell or trade your used games, even if you bought them on physical disc, as Microsoft explains in a separate blog post.
Although it will be possible to trade in, resell, or give away your disc-based games in some cases, and Redmond won't charge you any fees to do so, it's up to game publishers to decide whether it's allowed for their games – and how much it might cost.
"Third party publishers may opt in or out of supporting game resale and may set up business terms or transfer fees with retailers," the post explains.
Even giving games away is subject to approval. According to Microsoft, you'll only be able to give them to people who have been on your friends list for 30 days, and each game can only be given away in this fashion once. And even then, it's up to game publishers to enable the feature for their games.
Worse still, for now all of this is hypothetical. "Loaning or renting games won't be available at launch," Microsoft writes, "but we are exploring the possibilities with our partners."
On the positive side, Microsoft says gamers will have complete control over when and how the built-in Kinect sensor in the Xbox One operates, collects, and shares data. "When Xbox One is on and you're simply having a conversation in your living room, your conversation is not being recorded or uploaded," Redmond thoughtfully explains.
On the negative side, just about everything you hoped wouldn't be true about the Xbox is essentially true, even if the rumors didn't have it exactly right. Happy now? ®
I wrote a book. Well, only in part. Willi Richert and I wrote a book.
It is called Building Machine Learning Systems With Python and is now available from Amazon (or Amazon.co.uk), although it has already been partially available directly from the publisher for a while (in a form where you get chapters as editing is finished).
§
The book is an introduction to using machine learning in Python.
We mostly rely on scikit-learn, which is the most complete package for machine learning in Python. I do prefer my own code for my own projects, but milk is not as complete. It has stuff that scikit-learn does not (and stuff they have, correctly, appropriated).
We try to cover all the major modes in machine learning and, in particular, have:
classification regression clustering dimensionality reduction topic modeling
and also, towards the end, three more applied chapters:
classification of music pattern recognition in images using jug for parallel processing (including in the cloud).
§
The approach is tutorial-like, without much math but lots of code examples.
This should get people started and will be more than enough if the problem is easy (and there are still many easy problems out there). With good features (which are problem-specific, anyway) knowing how to run an SVM will very often be enough.
Lest you fear we are giving people enough just enough knowledge to be dangerous, we stress correct evaluation of the results throughout the book. We warn repeatedly against mixing up your training and testing data. This simple principle is, unfortunately, still often disregarded in scientific publications. [1]
§
There is an aspect that I really enjoyed about this whole process:
Before starting the book, I had already submitted two papers, neither of which is out already (even though, after some revisions, they are in accepted state). In the meanwhile, the book has been written, edited (only a few minor issues are still pending) and people have been able to buy parts of it for a few months now.
I have now a renewed confidence in the choice to stay in science (also because I moved from a place where things are completely absurd to a place where the work very well). But the delay in publications that is common in the life sciences is an emotional drag. In some cases, the bulk of the work was finished a few years before the paper is finally out.
Update (July 26 2013): Amazon is now shipping the book! I changed the wording above to reflect this.
[1] It is rare to see somebody just report training accuracy and claim their algorithm does well. In fact, I have never seen it in a recent paper. However, performing feature selection or parameter tuning on the whole data prior to cross-validating on the selected features with the tuned parameters is pretty common still today (there are other sins of evaluation too: “we used multiple parameters and report the best”). This leads to inflated results all around. One of the problems is that, if you do things correctly in this environment, you risk that reviewers of your work will say “looks great, but so-and-so got better results” because so-and-so tuned on the testing set and seems to have “beaten” you. (Yes, I've had this happen, multiple times; but that is a rant for another day.)
Advertisements
It's been more than 30 years since the release of John Hughes' seminal teen comedy classic The Breakfast Club, but the movie continues to surprise us.
Take the new Criterion Collection release of the film, for example. The new edition, out January 2, contains 50 minutes of previously unreleased material, providing all sorts of insights into the 1985 film that opened the door for authentic teen storytelling in the '80s. One minute of this new material is a never-before-seen deleted scene between Molly Ringwald's Claire and Ally Sheedy's Allison.
The Breakfast Club Deleted Scene
The deleted scene, debuted by Vulture, shows a failed bonding attempt between Ringwald's uptight popular girl and Sheedy's resident “basket case.” In the bathroom while taking a break from their all-day library detention, Claire cringes at Allison's odd eating habits, calling their willingness to eat their chips near a “live” toilet “disgusting.” An awkward pause ensues, and Claire quickly relents, saying, “Really, I was just reacting to something I consider a little out of the ordinary. If you'd like to talk, I think I could probably handle it.”
But Allison merely reacts by daintily picking up a chip that had fallen in the sink with a paper towel, before stuffing it in their mouth. As Allison wordlessly leaves the bathroom, Claire sighs and says, “It's not correct.”
It's a brief minute-long scene which probably would have taken place during the lunchtime scene, which contrasted the five archetypal students by their wildly different lunches: Jock Andrew (Emilio Estevez) pulls out a massive carb-heavy feast, Claire reveals a gourmet sushi dish, angsty bad boy John (Judd Nelson) steals geeky Brian's (Anthony Michael Hall) basic brown bag lunch, and Allison shocks everyone with their sugar and chips sandwich.
The Criterion Collection's release of The Breakfast Club hits shelves on January 2, 2018, and includes the following features:
(Courtesy of J.T. Brown/Twitch)
Anytime J.T. Brown hits the road, it's “game on” for the 26-year-old Tampa Bay Lightning winger. Brown is always toting their portable Xbox on road trips, and now when time permits, has plans to live stream their gaming sessions via Twitch. And that's if they have good internet, which is sometimes questionable during life away from home, according to the Burnsville, Minn. native.
They recently collaborated with the endemic gaming platform and its Partner Program that includes additional revenue for Brown based on shared advertising and channel subscriptions. Brown, who said that Battlefield 1 is their favorite game now, only recently started live streaming on Twitch with their brother.
“We thought, ‘Man, it'd be really cool if we streamed this.' We didn't know where it would go, but it was a fun way to interact with some fans online,” said Brown, who first gravitated towards gaming and the Call of Duty franchises specifically in 2008 as a way to stay connected to their high school friends during their two-year stint with the Waterloo Black Hawks of the United States Hockey League.
Brown explained to SportTechie that after a few weeks of streaming on Twitch, an email appeared from one of the company's partnerships staffers inquiring about their interest in becoming an official partner. Now, he's the first NHLer to join the Partner Program.
They said he's currently withholding all monies from the revenue generated as they continue to form relationships with a few charities, one of which is league partner Hockey is for Everyone, and donate the proceeds to them. As a minority in hockey and with Hockey is for Everyone's messaging about inclusion, social change and awareness for the LGBTQ community, Brown said the specific cause stood out to him.
Get The Latest NHL Tech News In Your Inbox!
During the first time streaming on Twitch, Brown's feed received less than 100 views, and while viewership has increased to a few hundred, it's not a concern or a priority, they said.
“For me, it's not even about the viewership,” said Brown, who has over 2,200 followers on Twitch. “We started this as a cool and new way to interact with fans and give them another opportunity to see a different side of me that they don't necessarily see.
“When it got to 350, I was like, ‘Oh, crap. I'm not quite used to this yet.'…I can play in front of 20,000 fans and be fine, but with the video gaming and people watching you, you get a little nervous.”
Numbers not reaching the thousands or tens of thousands has other perks, according to Brown. They can respond to most messages without the conversation moving too quickly before they have a chance to answer fans' questions. At the same time, they referenced the “community” aspect of Twitch, something they hope to further cultivate around their own channel with fellow gamers, Tampa Bay Lightning fans and hockey enthusiasts.
They have even been gaming with teammate Tyler Johnson along with Justin Faulk, hometown friend and defenseman on the Carolina Hurricanes.
“We absolutely love it,” NHL Vice President of Consumer Products Licensing Dave McCarthy said of Brown engaging with fans through Twitch. “He's an advocate. He's an influencer. He's aspirational. He's doing it for a good cause. We would encourage and will encourage as part of the longer-term plan more and more players to ‘lean-in,' if you will, understand the space, promote their virtual persona and encourage more and more fans to get involved.”
McCarthy was referencing the longer-term plan when it comes to the league's role in competitive gaming, saying that NHL is still “investigating what the future looks like” as it has discussions with all of the appropriate stakeholders.
“We plan to be active in that space with the right model once we figure that out,” they said, adding that not only does there have to be buy-in from the league but also the NHLPA and EA as well.
In January, it was reported that the NHL's involvement around esports was currently “a sperm cell” compared to other leagues such as the NFL and NBA, which has a 2K esports league that will see 17 teams participate in 2018.
However, earlier this March at the Leaders' Sport Business Summit in New York, Commissioner Gary Bettman also shed some additional light on the future plan for the NHL and esports.
“We envision something that would augment a fan's affinity to their team because ultimately I could envision a league-wide competition where each club runs a competition to see who will be represented in the equivalent of our championship but for our esport game,” they said.
Added Bettman: “Going back at least a year ago, we've been talking to EA about having a game that can replicate hockey in terms of having six players that are playing together against other teams doing this more in terms of building a community and having awareness for the game and doing it in conjunction with our teams. And if EA can continue to get some traction in developing a game that would work like that, we'll be in that business.”
Mikayla Danielle Hull
GRAND RAPIDS, MI -- The woman who allegedly snatched a purse off an outdoor table of a downtown eatery -- before they were captured and held by bystanders in an incident caught on video -- is to face two charges, police say. Police identified Mikayla Danielle Hull, 24, as the suspect held for the 1:20 p.m. Tuesday purse-snatching at Ottawa Avenue NW and Monroe Center.  They are jailed and awaiting arraignment. The video has generated high interest among MLive readers, mostly because of a physical exchange between Hull and bystander Jonathan Damon. As Damon holds Hull down until police arrive, the woman can be seen biting their wrist and Damon, in response, punches them head.
Related:
The owner of the purse, a 75-year-old woman, sustained a minor injury after they fell and hit their chin while trying to stop the snatcher. Hull is to be charged with larceny from a person and aggravated assault, Grand Rapids police Capt. Pete McWatters said. McWatters said they also have made admissions about their involvement in a Monday home invasion in the 600 block of Grand Avenue NE. When they were arrested Tuesday, police allegedly found a checkbook, two passports and other identification related to the Grand Avenue address in a backpack Hull was wearing. The suspect was riding a bicycle when they reached out and grabbed the purse from a table at Parsley Mediterranean Grille, witnesses said. Bystanders managed to quickly grab her, however. McWatters said they watched the MLive video and they do not plan to pursue any action against Damon. "I don't think a crime was committed by him. To the contrary, they were defending himself," McWatters said. "Based on the circumstances, we have not considered charging him," McWatters said. However, they said Kent County prosecutors will make any final decision on whether Damon did anything wrong. A police report will be forwarded to prosecutors for review.
E-mail John Tunison: jtunison@mlive.com and follow them on Twitter at twitter.com/johntunison
Critics of President Barack Obama's landmark regulation to reduce carbon dioxide emissions almost always highlight a series of flawed studies (which are often paid for by utility or fossil fuel interests) to attack the Clean Power Plan.
Many of these flawed, industry-backed reports analyzed the EPA's draft rules or a broad idea of regulating existing emissions, instead of the EPA's final (and official) draft regulations. Some studies admit they did not study the actual EPA regulations, other studies inflate the costs of regulation, and some ignore the health and/or the economic benefits associated with reducing the level of pollution emissions. Furthermore, these error-filled reports are already outdated since the final version of the Clean Power Plan changes how state targets are calculated, eliminates assumptions related to energy efficiency, pushes back the interim compliance date to 2022, provides incentives for renewable energy deployment, just to name a few of the changes from the draft.
This Energy & Policy Institute briefing outlines the studies frequently used by pundits and special interests to attack the Clean Power Plan, details who have been paid or consulted in the production of these reports, and exposes the front groups involved in circulating the following reports:
NERA Economic Consulting, “Potential Energy Impacts of the EPA Proposed Clean Power Plan”
Beacon Hill Institute, “The Economic Effects of the New EPA Rules on the United States”
Energy Ventures Analysis for Peabody Energy, “Energy Market Impacts of Recent Federal Regulations on the Electric Power Sector.”
Institute for Energy Research, “Impact of EPA's Regulatory Assault on Power Plants.”
Energy Ventures Analysis & North American Electric Reliability Corporation, “Potential Reliability Impacts of EPA's Proposed Clean Power Plan.”
Management Information Services, Inc. & National Black Chamber of Commerce, “Potential Impact of Proposed EPA Regulations on Low Income Groups and Minorities.”
Laurence Tribe, “March 17, 2015 testimony presented to the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Energy and Power.”
Peter Glaser, “EPA's Section 111(d) Carbon Rule: What if States Just Said No?”
The Reports, the Flaws and the Funders
Over the past few weeks, organizations and reporters have cited the following studies or testimonies to either attack the Clean Power Plan or “balance-out” an article.
NERA Economic Consulting, “Potential Energy Impacts of the EPA Proposed Clean Power Plan” [Link]
Flaws:
The benefits of the Clean Power Plan are still nearly twice NERA's estimated costs, despite inflating the cost assumptions.
Ignores the avoided health and climate change benefits from reducing carbon pollution.
Removes two key compliance options in one case (clean energy and energy efficiency), and inflates the cost of energy efficiency solutions.
Funded by [Source]:
American Coalition for Clean Coal Electricity
American Fuel & Petrochemical Manufacturers
Association of American Railroads
American Farm Bureau Federation
Electric Reliability Coordinating Council
Consumer Energy Alliance
National Mining Association
Note: See below for the companies in these trade associations
Beacon Hill Institute, “The Economic Effects of the New EPA Rules on the United States” [Link]
Flaws:
Beacon Hill Institute's economic analysis of the EPA Clean Power Plan does not actually examine EPA's draft plan; and did not deny that they fail to address the draft CPP itself.
Inflates the cost of the new rules for existing power plants by a factor of two, and minimizes the regulation's benefits by 20 times when compared with the EPA's Regulatory Impact Analysis.
BHI artificially inflates the costs of the Clean Power Plan by excluding from their analysis cost-effective low carbon technologies such as renewable energy and energy efficiency that are allowed for compliance
Funded by:
A grant passed through a corporate-linked front group run by Richard Berman of Berman & Associates.
Berman is a PR executive who recently boasted at an oil and gas conference that their front groups are intentionally set up to provide “total anonymity” to corporate funders.
BHI's reports mirror ALEC's model legislation attacking the Clean Power Plan, which was discussed at fossil fuel-funded events attended by Berman's partners and representatives from coal, oil, gas, and utility companies with a financial interest in blocking the EPA's new regulations.
As a result, we don't know what corporations or corporate trade associations are ultimately behind this concerted attack on the Clean Power Plan.
Energy Ventures Analysis for Peabody Energy, “Energy Market Impacts of Recent Federal Regulations on the Electric Power Sector.” [Link]
Flaws:
EVA's did not consider a business-as-usual case, so results did not account for a base case of shifting energy costs and other economic factors.
EVA expects large shifts from coal to natural gas and expects natural gas to be expensive, resulting in larger costs for compliance.
Funded by:
Report funded by Peabody Energy
The principals of Energy Venture Analysis, the firm hired by Peabody to perform the study, have ownership interest in another company, Clearstack, LLC, which is involved in the coal and natural gas industries.
Institute for Energy Research, “Impact of EPA's Regulatory Assault on Power Plants.” [Link]
Flaws:
The Institute for Energy Research concludes that more than 72 gigawatts (GW) of electricity generating capacity will come offline and because of the coal plants closing, consumers will be forced to pay for the “construction of higher-cost renewable generating technologies and/or natural gas units that will need massive infrastructure improvements to meet the higher demand.”
Synapse Energy Economics, however, finds that when compared to a scenario where no renewable energy or efficiency policies are adopted in states (continuing coal plants online), a “clean energy future” saves households $35 per month. The clean energy future scenario Synapse uses is one that obtains a 58% emission reduction compared to the 30% in the proposed Clean Power Plan (now a 32% in the final version).
Funded by:
Institute for Energy Research is a fossil fuel-funded front group, which has received money from ExxonMobil, Koch Industries, and the Koch-backed DonorsTrust and Claude R. Lambe Charitable Foundation .
and . IER is run by Thomas Pyle, a former lobbyist for Koch Industries. Pyle joined a press call with six governors who “threaten to defy” the Clean Power Plan, and has urged other governors to do the same.
a press call with six governors who “threaten to defy” the Clean Power Plan, and has other governors to do the same. IER was founded from a nonprofit registered by Charles Koch and Robert Bradley.
Energy Ventures Analysis & North American Electric Reliability Corporation, “Potential Reliability Impacts of EPA's Proposed Clean Power Plan.” [Link]
Flaws:
The NERC report exaggerated any reliability risks to the grid, leading a critique to conclude “the Clean Power Plan is unlikely to materially affect reliability.”
The NERC report ignores additional tools that could counteract issues raised about reliability by partially or fully mitigating those potential problems.
Funded by:
Energy Ventures Analysis conducted NERC's modeled scenarios.
Energy Ventures Analysis was hired by Peabody Energy to critique the Clean Power Plan and have ownership interest in another company, Clearstack, LLC, which is involved in the coal and natural gas industries.
Management Information Services, Inc. & National Black Chamber of Commerce, “Potential Impact of Proposed EPA Regulations on Low Income Groups and Minorities.” [Link]
Flaws:
The NBCC study relied on studies either written before the EPA published the final draft of the Clean Power Plan or backed by fossil fuel interests opposed to the regulations.
Politifact studied one of the reports cited by NBCC and labeled it “false.” Another report cited was studied by the Washington Post, which labeled it “Misleading.”
Funded by:
Laurence Tribe's March 17, 2015 testimony presented to the U.S. House of Representatives Committee on Energy and Commerce Subcommittee on Energy and Power. [Link]
Flaws:
Laurence Tribe's testimony criticizing the Clean Power Plan rests on two platforms: EPA exceeds statutory and legal authority; the Clean Power Plan will raise costs and prove to be “deeply unpopular.”
First, Tribe's legal analysis of the Clean Power Plan has yet to be determined correct or incorrect. The regulations will be litigated for years and likely get decided by the Supreme Court. However, many lawyers with equal expertise have countered Tribe's assessment. Jody Freeman and Richard Lazarus write, “The constitutional arguments are wholly without merit… The Supreme Court has repeatedly made clear that the Fifth Amendment's Takings Clause does not shield business investments from future regulation, even when that regulation cuts sharply into their profits… We believe EPA has a strong legal basis for its power plant rule, and a good chance of winning the argument in court.”
Second, Tribe's statement that electricity prices and energy bills will increase under the plan echoes the industry-funded reports discussed as flawed in this briefing.
Bonus: Tribe testifies that the final Clean Power Plan will be “deeply unpopular.” A Morning Consultant poll conducted between August 7 and 9 finds 63% of registered voters say they support the Clean Power Plan. And while less than half of Republicans, 46%, say they back the rule, an overwhelming majority of Democrats, 78%, are in favor of it. A majority of independents, 61%, also support the rule.
Funded by:
Tribe was retained by Peabody Energy to provide analysis of EPA's Clean Power Plan.
Peter Glaser, “EPA's Section 111(d) Carbon Rule: What if States Just Said No?” [Link]
Flaws:
Peter Glaser seems to have originated the strategy for conservative and coal-dependent states to ignore the Clean Power Plan and not submit a State Implementation Plan (SIP).
Senator Mitch McConnell furthered this strategy in a March 3 op-ed. They write, “So what are governors and state officials who value the middle class to do? Here's my advice: Don't be complicit in the administration's attack on the middle class. Think twice before submitting a state plan… Refusing to go along at this time with such an extreme proposed regulation would give the courts time to figure out if it is even legal, and it would give Congress more time to fight back.”
A history of the Clean Air Act shows that when states fail to implement an adequate plan, the EPA proposes a federal implementation plan as a default, which it will finalize by summer 2016. The agency will go through a comment period for its two proposed strategies: either assign a cap on emissions and allow for the trading of pollution credits or require a state to meet an average emissions rate across its electricity fleet. Legal experts have said aiming the rule's requirements at generators is more legally defensible, because the power units themselves are regulated under the Clean Air Act.
Funded by:
Glaser is a partner at Troutman Sanders and recently represented the National Mining Association in Michigan, et al., v. EPA (2015).
Ban on election polls coming, pollster fears
OTTAWA - A spate of spectacularly inaccurate polls in several provincial elections and Monday's federal byelections has one of Canada's leading pollsters worried that the day is fast approaching when public opinion surveys will be banned during campaigns.
John Wright, senior vice-president of Ipsos Global Public Affairs, said in their view shoddy polling methods by some companies and the media's undiscerning appetite for horse race numbers — no matter how dubious — are dragging the industry's reputation through the mud.
They want the market research industry to crack down on pollsters who don't meet minimum standards. And they want media outlets to be far more selective about the polls they publish, rejecting surveys from companies that refuse to fully disclose all their weighted and unweighted data.
If that doesn't happen soon, they predicted there'll be a move to ban the publication of polls during campaigns.
"I think at some point, if this continues, there'll be a real question raised whether this sort of things should even be contemplated being done during campaigns," Wright said in an interview Tuesday.
Most polls were significantly off the mark in recent provincial elections in Quebec, Alberta and British Columbia.
Then on the eve of Monday's four byelections, a Forum Research automated phone survey was published giving the Liberals in Manitoba's Brandon-Souris a 29-point lead. In the end, the Conservatives eked out a win with 44.1 per cent of the vote to 42.7 for the Liberals.
The Winnipeg Free Press questioned the poll's reliability, reporting that a number of constituents had been called as many as six times by Forum. It also carried the results, as did other media outlets.
If voters were in fact called repeatedly for the Forum poll, Wright said the survey sample would not be representative of the riding's population.
In close contests like Brandon Souris, where less than 400 votes separated the Conservatives and Liberals, Wright said it's especially important to ensure polls are accurate and properly conducted.
"If one vote was influenced by a bogus piece of work, that's one vote too many,” they said.
Forum denies anyone was called more than once for the same survey.
In 1998, Wright said the Supreme Court ruled there's no need to ban polls during campaigns because the industry and the media would police themselves sufficiently to ensure voters were not being misled by bad surveys.
"I think that's a system that's completely broken now," they said, adding that he's no longer sure the top court would rule the same way, given recent experience.
"Will there be banning of polls? Who knows," Wright said.
"But certainly when you get enough of these things where you can't tell whether there's any merit or science or believability to it all and you get players who seem to disregard the very fundamentals of doing it the right way, then you wonder how far off it can really be."
Forum's Lorne Bozinoff defended their company's record, noting that it accurately pegged the results in two other byelections Monday: Toronto Centre, Bourassa in Montreal.
"We know (automated phone polls) can work, there's just no question about that. The question is why were they off in Brandon?" they said in an interview.
Bozinoff said "there's no way" anyone was called more than once per survey, although some people may have been called for each of the three separate polls the company conducted on the Friday, Saturday and Sunday before the vote.
They speculated that the difference between the final Brandon poll and the actual byelection outcome may have been that the Conservatives had a better "get out the vote" ground game than the Liberals. As well, they said some constituents who were angry about the perception of a fixed Tory nomination may have found they just couldn't bring themselves to vote Liberal once they got into the ballot box.
Whatever the reason, the Liberals' supposed 29-point lead didn't materialize — a point used by Conservatives to deflect attention from their party's disappointing byelection results.
"The pundits were saying that we were some 30 points behind in Brandon-Souris ... but our candidate did very well and we came out with a victory," said Paul Calandra, parliamentary secretary to Prime Minister Stephen Harper.
The Tories hung on to Brandon and another Manitoba riding, Provencher — both long-time Conservative bastions. But their share of the vote plunged as much as 20 points in Manitoba and almost disappeared entirely in the Toronto and Montreal ridings.
The NDP gained strength slightly only in Toronto Centre, lost a bit of ground in Bourassa and sank into a distant third in the Manitoba ridings, after coming a respectable second in 2011.
The Liberal party alone increased its vote share in all four ridings, hanging on to the traditional Grit seats of Toronto Centre and Bourassa, despite an all-out challenge from the NDP, and making huge gains in the two Manitoba ridings.
Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau credited their positive approach to politics for their party's momentum. But they faced criticism for going negative themselves in their Bourassa victory speech, in which they used the words of late NDP leader Jack Layton to denounce what they called the negative campaign conducted by New Democrats in Toronto Centre and Bourassa.
"Make no mistake, the NDP is no longer the hopeful, optimistic party of Jack Layton. It is the negative, divisive party of Thomas Mulcair. It is the Liberal party tonight that proved hope is stronger than fear," Trudeau said Monday night.
Mulcair retorted Tuesday: "That Justin Trudeau would use Jack Layton's dying words as a political tool says everything that needs to be said about Justin Trudeau's judgment and character."
Layton's widow, Olivia Chow, said they were "surprised and disappointed" to hear Trudeau appropriating their late husband's words. While they insisted the NDP remains "the party of love, hope and optimism," they said New Democrats should keep their sights trained on Harper's Conservatives — which would seem at odds with the party's targeting of the Liberals.
For their part, Trudeau was unapologetic for the Layton reference.
"The point that I made and I'm continuing to make is that this is no longer Jack Layton's NDP. It's very much Thomas Mulcair's"
Potent rat poisons used on large-scale illegal marijuana farms sprinkled through forest lands throughout the state may be killing off a rare forest carnivore, according to a groundbreaking study released Friday.
”This could be a game changer,” said Arcata City Councilman Mark Wheetley of the study produced by biologists from University of California Davis documenting the deaths of fishers, reclusive members of the Mustelid family that are candidates for protection under the Endangered Species Act.
”I think this whole study should serve as a wake-up call for the public to understand the magnitude of the impact of what's being done to what we consider sacred, protected public lands,” continued Wheetley, who holds a day job as a senior biologist for the California Department of Fish and Game.
Law enforcement and environmental officials have long complained of the environmental degradation associated with large-scale marijuana cultivation on forest lands. But the evidence has been almost exclusively anecdotal, limited to stories of diverted streams, networks of irrigation piping, piles of trash and large amounts of commercial fertilizers, insecticides and rodenticides.
The study released Friday documents the scientific data behind the stories for the first time, quantifying the environmental impacts of illicit grows.
Mourad Gabriel, lead author of the study and president of Blue Lake's Integral Ecology Research Center, said the study sprang from efforts to identify and study threats to California's fisher populations. Because the reclusive forest predators live in coniferous and hardwood forests — mostly forest, park and tribal lands — far away from urban population centers or agricultural fields, Gabriel said researchers were shocked to find they were being poisoned by toxicants at an alarming rate.
The study found that almost 80 percent of fishers found dead by researchers between 2006 and 2011 had been exposed to high levels of anticoagulant rodenticide — commonly referred to as rat poison. Because these fishers were being monitored and lived in remote areas, Gabriel said researchers were initially stumped as to what could be the potential exposure points for them.
Then, Gabriel said, it clicked: Researchers realized that all these fishers' habitats overlapped with illegal marijuana farms that often used high levels of commercial pesticides and rodenticides to protect their crop. Further, the study notes, all the deaths of exposed fishers occurred between mid-April and mid-May, the optimal time period for planting marijuana outdoors, when growers are most likely to use large amounts of poison to protect their seedlings.
The study describes a growth site discovered by law enforcement less than 7.5 miles from one of the fisher study areas, where large amounts of rodenticide were found sprinkled around plants and lining plastic irrigation lines, presumably to keep rats from chewing them.
The anticoagulant rodenticides inhibit mammals' ability to recycle vitamin K, making their blood incapable of clotting, leading to uncontrollable internal bleeding and, ultimately, death. The second-generation poisons can be lethal with a single dose, the study notes, but can take up to a week from ingestion to be lethal.
Gabriel said some of the rodenticides are treated with “flavorizers” to make the poisons taste like bacon, cheese or peanut butter, which could also cause fishers and other animals to eat the poison directly. The most likely — and troubling — conclusion, however, is that the fishers were exposed through their prey: small rodents.
This is a troubling notion for biologists and conservationists for several reasons. First, because fishers have the same prey groups as federally protected, threatened or endangered species like condors, spotted owls and martens, those groups may be just as likely to be impacted. Second, these poisons could wipe out a whole prey group — wood rats, deer mice and other small scavenging rodents — in the region, leading to the collapse or partial collapse of a food chain.
Rodenticides, however, are far from the only troubling items found at illicit marijuana growing sites. In a separate paper, Gabriel and others outline what they found during a brief visit to an abandoned marijuana garden in one of their fisher project areas. In addition to pounds of rodenticide, they reported finding 575 pounds of fertilizer, including 200 pounds of fertilizers with 46 percent nitrogen levels, 24 pounds of slug bait and 32 ounces of Malathion, a potent pesticide.
Such findings come as no shock to law enforcement.
Humboldt County Sheriff's Office Sgt. Wayne Hansen, who currently heads the county drug task force and has spent years heading marijuana eradication efforts for the county, said the large-scale growth believed to be tied to drug trafficking organizations — the ones most likely to be on remote public lands — often utilize huge amounts of poisons and fertilizers, in addition to diverting streams and clear-cutting swaths of forest.
Gabriel said their study simply brushes the tip of the proverbial iceberg. The next step for them and fellow researchers, Gabriel said, is to look at whether the use of rodenticides at grow sites on public lands is depleting the prey pool for fishers and other carnivores. But, Gabriel said, there are a tremendous amount of questions associated with these growing operations that warrant scientific attention, including the impacts of pesticides, fertilizers and stream diversions. The hope, Gabriel said, is that their study and the ones that follow help inform the discussion.
One thing for sure is that the study is already getting loads of attention, having circulated through some professional circles before its public release Friday.
Tommy Lanier, director of the White House-funded National Marijuana Initiative, said Friday he's very familiar with the fisher study and hopes it will serve to educate the public about some of the ancillary impacts of the marijuana market. To that end, Lanier said, he's trying to get Sen. Barbara Boxer, who heads the U.S. Senate Committee on the Environment and Public Works, to hold a congressional hearing on illegal marijuana cultivation on public lands. They said they plan on asking Gabriel to come back and address Congress.
”The environmental impacts are huge and have to be a huge part of the discussion,” Lanier said. “(This study) is a great example of some of the effects.”
On the Web:
To read the complete study, or view a video about it, visit www.news.ucdavis.edu/search/news_detail.lasso?id=10287
Thadeus Greenson can be reached at 441-0509 or tgreenson@times-standard.com.
Four people were reportedly shot dead by Israel Defense Forces troops Sunday as they opened fire on large numbers of infiltrators trying to breach Syria's southern border with Israel. Another four people were said to have been killed on the Lebanese side of its shared frontier with Israel, as Palestinian protests for the annual Nakba Day, which mourns the creation of the State of Israel, took hold across the region.
In Majdal Shams, which runs along the Israel-Syria border, scores of Palestinian refugees from Syria spilled into the town. The Magen David Adom rescue service said about a dozen others had been wounded. The Israel Defense Forces confirmed opening fire on infiltrators.
Palestinian protesters breaking through Syria's border with Israel, May 15, 2011. PANET
About 70 people, most of them Palestinian refugees, managed to cross the border, according to local residents. Initial reports had put the number of infiltrators into the hundreds.
"The way it was reported to me, they broke through the fence," Dolan Abu Salah, the mayor of Majdal Shams, told Army Radio.
Click here for a larger map
Thousands of people gathered in the Lebanese town of Maroun a-Ras, where Palestinian protesters tried to push their way across the border, local media reports said, citing eyewitnesses. Four protesters were killed and 11 wounded in a shooting incident at the border where Palestinians were demonstrating, Lebanese security sources said.
Carrying Palestinian flags and chanting "we want our land back," thousands of Palestinians tried to approach the electric fence that separates Lebanon from Israel, but Lebanese army troops fired in the air and ordered the crowd to return to where the rally was held.
Television still captures hundreds reportedly infiltrating Israel from Syria on May 15, 2011
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
The demonstrators pelted the Lebanese troops with stones as they struggled to hold them back from the fence.
But around 50 protesters managed to reach the fence and started throwing stones at the Israeli soldiers on the other side of the fence, prompting the IDF troops to fire bullets and tear gas at the protesters.
Palestinians protest on Nakba Day
Speakers representing the various Palestinian factions called through loudspeakers on the Palestinian youths to stop throwing stones at the Israeli troops, but their calls were ignored.
IDF Spokesman Brigadier General Yoav Mordechai said troops opened fire at a large crowd of Lebanese protesters who approached the border with Israel.
They said soldiers fired at the crowd when the demonstrators reached the border and began vandalizing the fence, and that the army was aware of casualties on the other side.
AMRITSAR: Gunshots rang across a government school in Amritsar when two groups of students — belonging to class 11 and 12 — opened fire on each other, leaving three injured.
The firing occurred around 11am after the students clashed just as they entered Bhagalikalaan Government Senior Secondary School. Rattled students ran helter skelter as shots were fired.
Three students — Shehbaj Singh, Lovepreet Singh and Parampreet Singh — received bullet injuries to their legs and feet. They were rushed to the hospital.
Police officials said that shots were fired from two pistols allegedly by two students, who fled the spot.Cops said the firing was the fallout of an altercation between two groups of students of class 11 and 12.Earlier, a clash had broken out in the class. Later, there was a scuffle between two groups armed with pistols and hockey sticks in the school courtyard, sources said.SHO Majitha police station Major Singh said that the two groups were students of the same school. It was triggered due to an old animosity.“Bullet hit the lower limb of the students. The culprits managed to escape,” they said. They added a case has been registered and probe was on. "The principal of the school and teachers weren't aware of the simmering animosity between the students' groups and the ensuing clash. It was a shock for them too. The classmates were aware of the old animosity but even they didn't expect that the altercation could take such a violent shape," said Gursewak Singh, DSP Rural.
LISTEN: Sheriff Paul Penzone Your browser does not support the audio element.
PHOENIX — A year into their tenure as Maricopa County Sheriff, Paul Penzone is still dealing with the residual effects from their predecessor's controversial 24-year reign.
In an interview with KTAR News 92.3 FM's Mac & Gaydos, Penzone responded to a protest held on Monday by the migrant-rights group Puente Arizona, asking Penzone to end what they called an “Arpaio culture of hate.”
Penzone rebuffed claims that they are continuing the unconstitutional practices enacted by former Sheriff Joe Arpaio and challenged activists to “give them specifics…not global statements.”
The sheriff said they have made changes to ensure their department is law-abiding and is no longer unconstitutional.
“We are ensuring that anyone who violates the law or our policies is being held accountable,” Penzone said.
Penzone said they have also addressed inmate conditions within the jails, including converting Tent City into a opioid treatment center and responding to a hunger strike with nearly two dozen inmates last month.
They said they have also worked to increase the transparency in their jails, raising the number of tours taken by the public and even offering them the option to try jail food for themselves.
But when it comes to the typical conditions of a jail, such as the walls and the iron bars, Penzone said “those circumstances won't change.”
Penzone also said if Arpaio runs for U.S. Senate next year in an attempt to fill the seat left vacant by U.S. Sen. Jeff Flake (R-Ariz.), they will write in a candidate — including KTAR News' 92.3 FM‘s own Larry Gaydos.
“Leaders should be servant leaders,” Penzone said, adding that they should be strong, committed and working hard to improve their constituents' quality of life.
“If their character is lacking, then they are not deserving.”
Follow @KTAR923
Cristina Fernández de Kirchner alludes to alleged plot against them by local business people and ‘foreign help' in televised speech
Argentinian opposition politicians have accused the country's president, Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, of being “completely out of touch with reality” after they gave a rambling televised address in which they claimed the US may be behind a plot to overthrow their government and possibly even assassinate them
“If something should happen to me, don't look to the Middle East, look to the North,” Fernández said during the address on Tuesday night, in which they alluded to an alleged plot against them by local bankers and business people “with foreign help”.
Fernández had previously claimed to have received death threats from Islamic State (Isis) because of their friendship with Pope Francis. In last night's speech, however, they seemed to suggest the threats against her, received in three emails to Argentinian security officials, had come from the US.
Them claim comes in the wake of a rapid deterioration of Argentina's already rocky relationship with the US after the country went into default in August.
Argentina has rejected paying $1.3bn (£990m) awarded by New York Judge Thomas Griesa to “vulture fund” investors who refused to accept a “haircut” on Argentinian bonds from the country's previous default in 2001.
“I'm not naive, this is not an isolated move by a senile judge in New York,” said Fernández. “Because vultures look a lot like the eagles of empires,” referring to the bald eagle, the national symbol of the US.
Fernández almost threw out the US embassy chief of mission Kevin Sullivan for saying “it is important Argentina get out of default” to a local newspaper. Fernández claims that despite its debt crisis, Argentina is not in real default and Sullivan was called in for a reprimand by the Argentinian foreign ministry for using the “default” word.
With economic stagnation, Argentina's peso currency in free fall and an alarming rise in crime levels, Fernández has seemed increasingly beleaguered in the last few weeks.
There is also increasing uncertainty within their Victory Front party regarding who Fernández will back as presidential candidate in 2015. Fernández's second term ends next year, and they are unable to stand for re-election, though their 37-year-old son Máximo Kirchner could be a candidate to replace them
Elisa Carrió, the presidential candidate of the centrist opposition UNEN party, said President Fernández was “completely out of touch with reality”.
“Since they don't resist reality, with unemployment, high inflation, the rising dollar, they say it's no longer Isis trying to kill her, but the US,” said Carrió. “She's inventing conspiracies.”
The president's mental wellbeing was previously questioned by Hillary Clinton in 2010. “Is they taking medication?”, Clinton asked in a diplomatic cable leaked to the press while they were US secretary of state. “How does stress affect their behaviour toward advisers and/or them decision-making?” the memo added.
Everyday Astronaut/Tim Dodd Photography NASA is about to light its biggest-ever fire inside a doomed space garbage truck.
The purpose of this test is simply to "see what happens," writer Maddie Stone at Gizmodo reports.
Why? The space agency has no idea what'd happen if a big fire broke out on a spacecraft. And if you're exploring the final frontier with people, fire is a pretty important risk to understand.
The space agency will light the controlled fire inside an experiment aboard a discarded Cygnus resupply vehicle. The bus-size spacecraft safely disconnected from the International Space Station (ISS) on Tuesday at 9:30 a.m. ET, and NASA will light the spark around 2:30 p.m. ET.
Here's how the fire-in-space experiment, called Saffire-I, is going down.
Lighting a controlled fire in space
A Cygnus spacecraft floating above Earth. NASA Over the past few months, astronauts moved all the supplies aboard the Cygnus into the ISS — then packed the spacecraft full of garbage.
NASA has since undocked the spacecraft and propelled it away from the space station. Mission controllers also put it into a different orbit.
Once the Cygnus maintains a safe distance — NASA hasn't said exactly how many miles — officials on the ground will remotely spark a fire inside Saffire-1: a sealed, three-foot long box full of "cotton-fiberglass composite." (The goal is not to set the entire ship aflame.)
The fire should burn for about 15 to 20 minutes, according to Gizmodo.
Meanwhile, special temperature, carbon dioxide, and oxygen sensors will record the whole thing. A camera will also film the blaze, and heat sensors will gather data from both sides of the flame.
There won't be a live video of the fire, but all of this data will beam back to Earth before the ship deorbits, breaks up in the atmosphere, and is completely destroyed— so NASA should release some kind of footage in the hours, days, or weeks to come.
What the fire will look like
NASA Astronauts have intentionally sparked small, controlled fires in space before, but nothing bigger than a candle or match-size flame. A three-foot-long controlled flame in zero gravity is the biggest NASA has ever attempted.
Fire behaves differently in space than it does here on Earth. If you light a match on Earth, the flame is long and pointy because hot gases rise upward from the flame, keeping it straight and sticking up.
But in space, buoyancy does not exist — so the flames spread out in all directions.
NASA scientists know space fires can be erratic, but they don't fully understand the properties and mechanics. That's because — up until now — experiments like this have been extremely dangerous. They've also (luckily!) never sparked such a large fire on a spacecraft to learn from.
Read more about NASA's Saffire-I experiment here, and watch NASA's footage of the Cygnus spacecraft detaching from the ISS on June 14:
Julia Calderone contributed to this post.
More and more Americans have come to believe that gay, lesbian and bisexual people should be able to serve openly in the military without punishment, a new poll released by the Center for American Progress revealed this week.
The poll showed that 54 percent of Americans favor repealing the “don't ask, don't tell” law passed by Congress in 1993. A mere 35 percent oppose a repeal.
More than two-thirds of self-identified Democrats, 55 percent of independents, and more than four in ten Republicans support allowing gays, lesbians and bisexuals to openly serve.
Strong majorities both in House districts believed to be in serious contention for the 2010 elections and in states with competitive Senate races support repealing the 17-year old law.
A diversity of demographic groups support the repeal, the survey also showed. Some 64 percent of Catholics, 61 percent of white married women, and 59 percent of whites aged 50-64 support overturning the law.
The survey suggested that improved attitudes towards gay, lesbian and bisexual people over the past few years have contributed mainly to the changes in public opinion about open military service.
Similar polls conducted for CBS/New York Times and Fox News showed similar majority support for repealing the law.
Polls of military service members show that large majorities are comfortable with open service by gays, lesbians and bisexuals.
According to the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network, as many as 65,000 gay, lesbian and bisexual men and women serve in the military. More than 12,000 have been expelled from service as a result of the “don't ask, don't tell” policy.
Pollsters connected with the White House in 1994 believed that President Clinton's support for what was at the time considered a liberalization of military policy on this issue contributed to the 1994 Republican takeover of Congress.
Ruy Texiera of the Center for American Progress told reporters that they believe people's feelings about the issue have shifted dramatically since the 1990s. “I think it's kind of an open and shut case in the court of public opinion based on our and other data,” they said.
Stanley Greenberg, of Greenberg, Quinlan, Rosner Research, the polling firm that gathered the data, agreed. “I think people have moved to a different place on tolerance, they've moved to a different place on the role of the military…and want to see this policy reversed.”
Leading voices in the military community have urged repeal of the law, further suggesting how far even the military has come on the issue. Earlier this month former Chair of the Joint Chiefs Gen. Colin Powell expressed their support for changing the law, as did current Chair Adm. Mike Mullen. National Security Advisor James Jones, a former Marine General, also urged repeal of the law.
Human Rights Campaign President Joe Solmonese said, “The truth is that there are no more excuses, the death knell for Don't Ask, Don't Tell has been rung and now is the moment to send this law into the history books where it belongs.”
Congress could pass the repeal as part of its Department of Defense authorization bill later in the year.
Photo: http://www.flickr.com/photos/bootbearwdc/ / CC BY 2.0
A coalition of civil rights for LGBT people organizations planted 12,000 flags to commemorate the 12,000 veterans expelled from military service under “don't ask, don't tell” provisions.
Abstract Head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) remains difficult to treat, and despite advances in treatment, the overall survival rate has only modestly improved over the past several years. Thus, there is an urgent need for additional therapeutic modalities. We hypothesized that treatment of HNSCC cells with a dietary product such as bitter melon extract (BME) modulates multiple signaling pathways and regresses HNSCC tumor growth in a preclinical model. We observed a reduced cell proliferation in HNSCC cell lines. The mechanistic studies reveal that treatment of BME in HNSCC cells inhibited c-Met signaling pathway. We also observed that BME treatment in HNSCC reduced phosphoStat3, c-myc and Mcl-1 expression, downstream signaling molecules of c-Met. Furthermore, BME treatment in HNSCC cells modulated the expression of key cell cycle progression molecules leading to halted cell growth. Finally, BME feeding in mice bearing HNSCC xenograft tumor resulted in an inhibition of tumor growth and c-Met expression. Together, our results suggested that BME treatment in HNSCC cells modulates multiple signaling pathways and may have therapeutic potential for treating HNSCC.
Citation: Rajamoorthi A, Shrivastava S, Steele R, Nerurkar P, Gonzalez JG, Crawford S, et al. (2013) Bitter Melon Reduces Head and Neck Squamous Cell Carcinoma Growth by Targeting c-Met Signaling. PLoS ONE 8(10): e78006. https://doi.org/10.1371/journal.pone.0078006 Editor: Sujit Basu, Ohio State University, United States of America Received: August 29, 2013; Accepted: September 16, 2013; Published: October 17, 2013 Copyright: © 2013 Rajamoorthi et al. This is an open-access article distributed under the terms of the Creative Commons Attribution License, which permits unrestricted use, distribution, and reproduction in any medium, provided the original author and source are credited. Funding: This work was supported by research grant R21CA137424 from the NIH, The Lottie Caroline Hardy Charitable Trust Fund, and Saint Louis University Cancer Center seed grant. The funders had no role in study design, data collection and analysis, decision to publish, or preparation of the manuscript. Competing interests: The authors have declared that no competing interests exist.
Introduction Head and neck squamous cell carcinoma (HNSCC) is the sixth most prevalent cancer in the world. Overall survival rate has not significantly improved in the past couple of decades, despite significant improvements in surgical procedures, radiotherapy, and chemotherapy [1]. In the United States, 50,000 new cases are diagnosed, and nearly 10,000 deaths are attributable to this disease annually [1]. HNSCCs are highly heterogeneous and contain a large number of genetic alterations which make them refractory to specific targeted drugs. The epidermal growth factor receptor (EGFR) is overexpressed in ∼90% of the HNSCC, and involved in cell growth, invasion, angiogenesis and metastasis [1], [2]. The c-Met pathway is also aberrantly upregulated in HNSCC, and activates the same downstream signaling pathway as EGFR. The ubiquitous expression of tyrosine kinase, such as EGFR and/or c-Met, is higher in HNSCC tumors, however, the clinical response rate using these tyrosine kinase inhibitors is limited due to intrinsic and acquired resistance [3]. Therefore, new approaches are necessary to further reduce the mortality of this disease. One approach is to treat HNSCC through dietary means. Natural products are non-toxic and offer promising options for developing effective chemotherapeutics either alone or in combination with existing therapy. Bitter melon (Momordica charantia) is widely cultivated in Asia, Africa, and South America, and extensively used in folk medicines as a remedy for diabetes, specifically in South East Asia. Animal studies have employed either fresh bitter melon extract (BME) or crude organic fractions to evaluate its beneficial effects on glucose metabolism and on plasma and hepatic lipids [4], [5]. We have previously shown that BME (without seeds) treatment of human cancer cells induced cell cycle arrest by altering critical signaling molecules and impairing cell growth [6], [7]. BME feeding also prevented high grade prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia formation in a TRAMP mouse model [7]. Antiproliferative activity of bitter melon extract was recently noted in other cancer cell lines [8]–[10]. However, the anti-cancer potential of BME against HNSCC and its underlying mechanism has not been explored. In this study, we have examined the effect of BME in a number of HNSCC cell lines. We have demonstrated for the first time that BME treatment inhibits c-Met expression and its downstream signaling pathway. Further, we have observed that BME feeding in mice regresses the HNSCC xenograft tumor growth, suggesting its potential as a therapeutic agent against HNSCC.
Materials and Methods Cell Lines Cal27 cells (tongue, mutant p53) were recently obtained from ATCC. JHU-22 (larynx, wild type of p53) and JHU-29 (tongue, wild type of p53) cells were recently procured from the Johns Hopkins University [11], [12]. Cal27 and JHU-22 cells were maintained in Dulbecco's Modified Eagle Medium (Sigma) supplemented with 10% FBS and 1% penicillin/streptomycin (Sigma). JHU-29 cells were maintained in RPMI-1640 Medium (Sigma) supplemented with 10% FBS and 1% penicillin/streptomycin. Cal27, JHU-22 and JHU-29 cells were treated with different doses of BME, and untreated cells were used in parallel as controls. BME was prepared from the Chinese variety of young bitter melons (raw and green) as discussed previously [6]. Briefly, BME was extracted using a household juicer and centrifuged at 560 x g at 4°C for 30 min, freeze dried at -45°C for 72 h and stored at −80°C until used for feeding studies. We prepared a stock of 0.1 g/ml in water, aliquoted, and used for in vitro cell culture work and 100 µl/mouse for oral gavage. Cell proliferation assay Trypan blue exclusion method was used to investigate cell proliferation in control and BME treated Cal27 cells. Live cells were counted using a hemocytometer (Fisher Scientific) at different time points. MTS assay (Promega) was also used for cell viability assay. Human Cell Cycle Array RNA was isolated from control and BME treated Cal27 cells. A RT2 profiler PCR Array for human cell cycle (Qiagen Inc., PAHS-020Z) was performed as described previously [13]. Array data was analyzed using free web based software http://pcrdataanalysis.sabiosciences.com/PCR/arrayanalysis.php and automatically perform all ΔΔC t fold change calculations. Xenograft tumor growth assay Cal27 cells were trypsinized, washed, and resuspended in serum free Dulbecco's Modified Eagle Medium. 2×106 (100 µl) cells containing 40% BD-Matrigel were injected subcutaneously into the flank of five week old BALB/c athymic nude mice (Harlan Laboratories). When tumor volume reached ∼60 mm3, mice were randomly divided in two groups. One group received 100 µl of BME by gavage daily for 5 days/week and the other group received 100 µl of ddH 2 0 by gavage for control, as described previously [7]. BME dosage was selected based on our previous study [7]. Tumors were measured using a slide Caliper once a week and volume was calculated using the formula L x H x W x 0.5236, as described previously [14], [15]. After 4 weeks of treatment, mice were sacrificed; tumors were dissected and divided into two groups. In one group, tumors were fixed in formalin and processed for H & E staining and immunohistochemistry. The other group of tumors was snap frozen for biochemical analysis. Ethics statement The animal experiments are conducted using the highest standards for animal care in accordance with the NIH Guidelines for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals, and approval of Saint Louis University Animal Care Committee (Approval number: 1017). Western Blotting Cell lysates were prepared from control or BME treated Cal27, JHU-22 and JHU-29 cells for Western blot analysis using specific antibodies. Protein lysates were also prepared from collected tumor tissues of control or BME treated Cal27 xenograft mice. Proteins were separated by SDS-PAGE and transferred onto 0.45 µM nitrocellulose membrane. Membranes were blocked using 5% low fat dry milk in TBST and probed with the following primary antibodies. Proteins were detected using ECL Western Blotting Substrate (Thermo Scientific) and autoradiography. Protein loads were normalized using antibodies for GAPDH (Cell Signaling Technologies) or tubulin (Santa Cruz Biotechnology). PCNA expression level was examined from control and BME-fed mice by immunohistochemistry (IHC). The following antibodies were used in this study: c-Met, c-myc, Stat3, phospho-Stat3 (Tyr 705), Mcl-1, cleaved caspases 3 and 9, PARP (Cell Signaling Technologies), and Cyclin D1 (Santa Cruz Biotechnology). Statistical analysis Two-tailed Student's t-test was used for statistical analysis, as described previously [14], [15].
Discussion In this study, we have demonstrated that BME treatment significantly reduces cell proliferation of several human HNSCC cell lines. Aberrant activation of the c-Met pathway has been implicated in the development and progression of head and neck cancer [2], [3], [24], [25]. Numerous antagonists and c-Met inhibitors have been developed to target the HGF/c-Met signaling pathway over recent years [16], [25]. Thus, the c-Met pathway is a potential therapeutic target for HNSCC. Our data suggested that BME treatment in HNSCC cell lines (Cal27 and JHU-22) display significant inhibition of c-Met expression. Subsequent studies demonstrated that BME treatment modulates the downstream molecules of c-Met signaling pathway, such as, phosphoStat3, c-myc, and Mcl-1 in HNSCC cells. However, we did not see significant alteration of EGFR or phosphoAKT expression in BME treated Cal27 cells (data not shown). Apoptosis in response to chemotherapeutic drugs is one of the common mechanisms in cancer cells [26]. We have observed that BME treatment in HNSCC cell lines are inducing apoptotic cell death. Cell cycle progression plays an important part in tumor growth and its regulation is an effective strategy for the control of tumor growth [20]. Our in vitro data indicated that BME treatment of HNSCC cells resulted in downregulation of cyclin D1 and survivin, and upregulation of p21/p27. These data suggested that BME exerts a role in HNSCC cell growth regulation as we observed previously with breast and prostate cancer cells [6], [7]. Together these data suggested that cell cycle regulation is another signaling pathway by which BME exerts anti-tumor effect in HNSCC cells. We have used an in vivo model of tumor xenograft to verify the chemotherapeutic potential of BME against HNSCC cell growth. We have shown previously that BME feeding prevented high grade prostatic intraepithelial neoplasia formation in a TRAMP mouse model without any toxic effect [7]. Here, our results suggested that BME feeding in Cal27 xenograft bearing mice display reduced tumor growth without any apparent sign of toxicity in the athymic nude mice. The identification of molecular targets is important in terms of monitoring the clinical efficacy of cancer therapeutic strategies. Our data strongly demonstrated that upon BME feeding reduced expression of c-Met, c-myc, PCNA and MCM2 as signature molecular targets was observed in Cal27 xenograft tumors. In summary, our results demonstrated for the first time the chemotherapeutic efficacy of BME on head and neck cancer cell growth in vitro and tumor xenograft growth in vivo by inhibiting the c-Met signaling pathway. Thus, BME appears to be an attractive dietary product for the management of head and neck cancer. Future studies are indeed necessary using different in vivo models to further verify efficacy and identify additional molecular targets of BME for inhibition of HNSCC growth.
Acknowledgments The authors thank Dr. Cheri West, Frank Strebeck, and Anna Knobeloch for their assistant with feeding BME to tumor bearing nude mice, and Mona Mirkhaef for immunohistochemistry.
Author Contributions Conceived and designed the experiments: AR MV PN RR. Performed the experiments: AR SS RS PV JGG RR. Analyzed the data: AR SS RS PV JGG SC MV RR. Contributed reagents/materials/analysis tools: PN. Wrote the paper: AR SS RS PV JGG SC MV RR.
Obama raises $66 million in August
Sen. Barack Obama raised $66 million in the month of August, making it their best month ever and the best in American political history, an aide said Sunday morning.
Obama is releasing that number after suggestions that their fundraising was failing to meet expectations. It puts them on pace to substantially outspend John McCain in the last two months of the race, in which McCain will be limited to spending the $84 million supplied by the Treasury under public financing rules.
Obama's large take, and the expectation that he'll raise even more in the race's final two months, may put to rest some Democrats' worries that he'd made a mistake by opting out of public financing.
It doesn't mean the Democrats will outspend the Republicans this year, though. The Republican National Committee's cash advantage over the Democratic National Committee, in combination with swelling outside spending, will likely allow McCain to level the playing field, though the fact that Obama has raised the money himself, in small chunks, gives them direct control over how it's spent, and fewer concerns about technical limits on spending.
An Obama aide said the campaign added 500,000 new donors to its rolls in August. The new figure — which shatters their previous one-month record of $55 million — also demonstrates how the increasingly heated, nasty race has energized Obama's fundraising and raises expectations that they will raise that much or more in each of the next two months.
Obama's tally suggests that McCain's late-August choice of Sarah Palin, which has energized conservatives — though largely too late for them to contribute directly to McCain's campaign — may also wind up deepening Obama's reserves when its full effect is felt in their September report.
The McCain campaign raised $47 million in August.
Obama spokesperson Bill Burton said that the Obama campaign had $77 million on hand; it had just under $66 million on hand at the end of July, meaning that it spent roughly $55 million last month.
See Also
PHOENIX — After days of hints that they might soften their approach to appeal to more moderate voters, Donald Trump reiterated their hard-line proposals for tackling illegal immigration, insisting there would be “no amnesty” for those who come into the country illegally and proposing restrictions to limit legal immigration as well.
In a highly anticipated policy speech delivered before several thousand supporters packed into a convention hall here, the Republican presidential nominee bucked predictions that they might move to the middle on a divisive issue, reviving an aggressive approach to a policy issue that has driven their unlikely bid for the presidency.
Lamenting a “broken system” that has put America's safety at risk, Trump doubled down on controversial proposals he's stated before, including their pledge to institute a values test for those seeking entry into the country — to determine whether they truly “love” America and are willing to assimilate. They also vowed to crack down on those who overstay their visas and aggressively deport illegal immigrants who have been arrested for crimes — even before they are convicted.
And contradicting aides who suggested they might dial back their proposal for a mass deportation of the estimated 11 million illegal immigrants in the country, Trump vowed there would be no citizenship offered to those who enter the U.S. illegally.
“For those here illegally today who are seeking legal status, they will have one route and one route only: To return home and apply for re-entry like everybody else under the rules of the new legal immigration system that I have outlined today,” the GOP presidential nominee declared. “There will be no amnesty.
“People will know that you can't just smuggle in, hunker down and wait to be legalized. It's not going to work that way. Those days are over,” Trump later added.
And just hours after they sounded a more diplomatic tone during a quick jaunt to meet with Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto, Trump reiterated their proposal to build a wall along the southern border of the U.S. — and insisted, as they have at nearly every campaign rally in recent months, that Mexico would foot the bill “100 percent.”
“They don't know it yet, but they are paying for it,” Trump declared.
The GOP nominee's comment came after they insisted during a press availability in Mexico City that they had not broached the subject of who would pay for the proposed border wall during their sit-down with the Mexican president.
Their statement was later contradicted by Peña Nieto, who said in a message on Twitter that they had told Trump Mexico would not finance the wall. Trump did not directly mention the controversy, instead lavishing praise on the Mexican leader. But they appeared to hint at the dustup. “Great people, great leaders,” they said. “Paying for the wall.”
Trump's speech came after days of uncertainty during which the candidate and their aides appeared to waffle on their immigration approach. Over the past two weeks, Trump has publicly wavered back and forth about whether they would allow illegal immigrants already here a path to some form of legal status. In a Fox News interview last week, Trump notably softened their view, telling host Sean Hannity there would be “no amnesty, but we will work with them.”
Among other things, they suggested he's considering a plan that would allow those in the U.S. illegally to stay if they pay back taxes — a proposal similar to those suggested by former GOP rivals Jeb Bush and Marco Rubio and even President Obama. Asked for clarification, Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway and other aides danced around the issue, insisting the GOP nominee plans to “enforce the law,” but do so in a “humane” way.
But in Arizona, Trump was back to being Trump, offering a rowdy crowd plenty of red meat in what was clearly a speech aimed at energizing their base. Even so, they seemed to offer mixed signals at times. After listing a litany of reforms he'd like to accomplish, including building the wall and establishing a system of “extreme vetting,” which they said would weed out potential terrorists, Trump suggested only then would the country be able to consider how to address illegal immigrants in the nation — contradicting their earlier statement of no path to citizenship for those already here.
Continue reading
As e-commerce increasingly grabs a larger share of retail sales, several major retailers are reducing their physical presence (Photo11: Thinkstock)
With the growth of e-commerce still outpacing the overall growth of retail sales, retailers are continuing to close brick-and-mortar outlets.
While total U.S. retail sales grew 3.7% in the fourth quarter of 2014 compared to the same quarter in 2013, e-commerce sales jumped 14.6% in the fourth quarter. One year earlier, total sales grew 3.8% year-over-year, while e-commerce sales increased 16.0%.
As e-commerce increasingly grabs a larger share of retail sales, several major retailers are reducing their physical presence, including department stores and specialty retailers such as clothing stores, bookstores and electronics outlets. Some retailers saw sales reduced due to strategic mistakes or consolidation through mergers and still others due to over-expansion. According to Dorothy Lakner, managing director at Topeka Capital Markets, "The new ideal store count for a U.S. national chain [of clothing retailers] is 600 to 700 stores."
The 24/7 Wall St. analysis found three major department stores that announced or continued previously announced decisions to scale back the number of outlets. In at least one instance, the store closures managed to halt the ongoing sales declines. J.C. Penney, for example, the shrinking store count reversed a tailspin that followed a strategic, near-disastrous decision by the retailer to take the middle-market store upscale. That decision confounded customers who eventually began shopping elsewhere, forcing the chain to look for savings.
MORE: The best (and worst) paying cities for women
As part of a bankruptcy filing, RadioShack announced the most recent large scale store closure. Other electronics giants — Circuit City, CompUSA to name two — disappeared in recent years, while others, such as Best Buy, have been struggling. RadioShack is restructuring in bankruptcy and the familiar stores could resurface through a forced marriage with Sprint.
No retailers have perhaps felt more strongly the effect of the e-commerce boom than book stores. The advent of Amazon.com already led to the demise of Waldenbooks, Borders and B. Dalton booksellers and now threatens Barnes & Noble. Barnes & Noble tried to hang on by developing the Nook e-reader to take direct aim at Amazon.com's signature e-reader, Kindle. But in its most recent financial report, Barnes & Noble said revenue for its Nook division fell while earnings for its book division were basically flat. As a result, in the current fiscal year, Barnes & Noble plans to close 13 stores instead of the 20 it earlier forecast.
"Sales trends are turning," Mitchell Klipper, CEO of the Barnes & Noble retail group, who is retiring on May 2 told the Wall Street Journal. "Why close a store that's profitable?"
Barnes & Noble still expects to spin off its college bookstore group this summer.
A large retailer that appears to have benefited from consolidation is Dollar Tree, which acquired Family Dollar Stores. The two similar chains competed on different turfs: Dollar Tree catered largely to suburban customers, while Family Dollar went after urban customers. Like Jack Spratt and Mrs. Spratt, together they could lick the platter clean. As a result of its merger with Family Dollar, Dollar Tree became the No. 1 dollar store chain in North America.
MORE: 10 disappearing middle class jobs
To identify the companies closing the most stores, 24/7 Wall St. reviewed large U.S. retailers that have announced store closings for 2015, or that are in the process of multi-year plans to reduce their physical footprints. Company earnings, store and employee counts, as well as other financial information came from the companies' SEC filings.
These are the retailers closing the most stores.
1. Abercrombie & Fitch (ANF)
Abercrombie & Fitch has taken a nose dive in recent years, a decline punctuated by the ouster of former CEO Mike Jeffries. The former CEO is infamous for wanting to sell only to "cool" people, among other public relations disasters. According to Jeffries, Abercrombie & Fitch clothing embody the "essence of privilege and casual luxury." Yet, with net sales dropping 14% in the fourth quarter, A&F's target audience seems less interested in the clothing than ever. The company plans to open several stores overseas as well as 11 new outlet stores in the United States in fiscal 2015. In addition, however, the company plans to close roughly 60 U.S. stores over the same period. Most of these stores will be closed as their leases expire.
2. Aeropostale (ARO)
Ahead of the 2014 holiday shopping season, traditionally the time of the year retailers make most of their profits, Aeropostale announced plans to close 75 stores in its fiscal fourth quarter — November through January — on top of the 23 it closed in its third quarter. The announcement came as Aeropostale reported its third quarter losses doubled to $52 million from the same quarter one year earlier. The fourth quarter closings brought to 120 the number of stores Aeropostale closed in its 2014 fiscal year, far higher than the company's estimate of 40-50 closings. Aeropostale stated it would close another 126 mall outlets in fiscal 2015. The teen retailer has seen stiff competition from Zara, Forever 21, H&M, and other stores.
MORE: States with the highest gas prices
3. Barnes & Noble (BKS)
Barnes & Noble has moved its business away from a store-based model to a multi-channel model, which focuses instead on retail stores, Internet, and digital commerce. Like many other retailers, Barnes & Noble leases rather than own many of its stores. One of the reasons Borders went bankrupt several years ago — a similar story of stiff e-commerce competition — was its inability to sell its leased stores. So far, Barnes & Noble has at least managed to close many of its stores upon the termination of the lease period. In doing so, the bookseller has managed to avoid taking major losses from store closures. Still, Barnes & Noble has been closing stores for years. The retailer operated 1,361 brick-and-mortar bookstores in 50 states as of May last year. E-commerce sales as a percent of all retail sales has increased steadily in recent years alongside evolving consumer habits. Barnes & Noble had sales of $6.38 billion in its fiscal 2014, down substantially from the previous year. At the same time, online retailers such as Amazon.com have reported explosive growth.
4. Family Dollar (FDO)
In late July, Dollar Tree announced the acquisition of Family Dollar Stores, which, it said at the time, could result in the closing of as many as 500 Family Dollar outlets. The strategic rationale for the acquisition was to combine "two established and respected brands in the most economically resilient sector of retailing," Dollar Tree CEO Bob Sasser said in an earnings call. According to Sasser, "the Dollar Tree target customer is largely a suburban customer, while the Family Dollar customer is largely urban and rural." Once the transaction closes, Sasser said, Dollar Tree would have more than 13,000 stores with almost $19 billion in sales and more than $2 billion in earnings. Shareholders of both companies approved the transaction in February.
MORE: Cities with highest (and lowest) jobless rates
5. JCPenney (JCP)
In January, JCPenney stated it would close roughly 40 stores in 2015, resulting in approximately 2,250 layoffs. The company has floundered in recent years, due in large part to former CEO Ron Johnson's tenure during which JCPenney was dramatically rebranded. The company is still recovering from the disastrous results of the shift. The current store closures can be attributed to other factors as well. While the rise of e-commerce has not had as severe an impact on J.C. Penney as other retailers, Americans' growing preference for making online purchases has cut into mall traffic. According to Fortune Magazine, nearly 700 J.C. Penney stores are located in malls, more than every store except for Sears.
24/7 WALL ST.: The rest of the top 10 retailers closing the most stores
24/7 Wall St. is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news and commentary. Its content is produced independently ofUSA TODAY.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1MAbHoz
The American Israel Public Affairs Committee (AIPAC) on Thursday night called on Washington to strengthen its ties with Israel following the reelection of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, and castigated the White House for its cool response to the Israeli leader's statements that — contrary to their preelection stance — they support the two-state solution.
“Today, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu strongly and clearly reaffirmed their commitment to a two-state solution to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict,” a statement by AIPAC said.
“Unfortunately, administration spokespersons rebuffed the prime minister's efforts to improve the understandings between Israel and the US,” it continued. “In contrast to their comments, we urge the administration to further strengthen ties with America's most reliable and only truly democratic ally in the Middle East.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“A solid and unwavering relationship between the US and Israel is in the national security interests of both countries and reflects the values that we both cherish.”
Netanyahu, in an interview with Fox News Thursday night, stated once again that they had not backed out of their support for a Palestinian state, but simply did not see the formation of such a state as a viable goal at this time.
“I didn't retract any of the things I said in my speech six years ago, calling for a solution in which a demilitarized Palestinian state recognizes a Jewish state,” Netanyahu told Fox.
“I said that the conditions for that, today, are not achievable for a simple reason: (Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud) Abbas, the leader of the Palestinians, rejects consistently the acceptance of a Jewish state. He's made a pact with the Palestinian terrorist organization, Hamas, that calls for our destruction. And the conditions in the Middle East have changed to the point where any territory we withdraw from is immediately taken up by Iranian-backed terrorists or by ISIS (Islamic State).”
Amid new tensions between the two allies, US President Barack Obama on Thursday told Netanyahu that the US is reassessing its approach to Israeli-Palestinian peace in light of Netanyahu's preelection comments rejecting the establishment of a Palestinian state.
In the telephone call, Obama extended congratulations to Netanyahu for their election victory two days ago. But a White House official said Obama also raised Netanyahu's critical comments about Israeli Arabs ahead of the election, which the White House has denounced as a “cynical” effort to mobilize voters.
In a separate statement, the White House said Obama stressed the United States' close security cooperation with Israel, but also emphasized the US commitment to the creation of a Palestinian state existing alongside Israel.
On another divisive topic, the statement said Obama addressed negotiations with Iran over Tehran's nuclear program and said they were focused on a deal that would prevent Iran from acquiring a nuclear weapon. Netanyahu has been a vocal critic of Obama's diplomatic outreach to Iran.
In another interview Thursday with MSNBC, Netanyahu walked back from their earlier remarks about rejecting a two-state solution, saying they could support a demilitarized Palestinian state if conditions in the region change.
But White House Spokesman Josh Earnest said Netanyahu's earlier comment “raises questions about their commitment to a two-state solution.”
Earnest specifically mentioned that in the past the US has repeatedly cited the goal of creating a Palestinian state when it has intervened on behalf of Israel in the United Nations. But they sidestepped questions about whether any reassessment of US policy would mean putting distance between the US and Israel at the UN.
Earnest also criticized anti-Arab rhetoric used by Netanyahu's party in the lead-up to the election as a “cynical election day tactic [that] was a pretty transparent effort to marginalize Arab Israeli votes.”
Asked whether the subject came up in the phone call, the White House official said, “In their phone call with Prime Minister Netanyahu, the president made the same points in private that the administration has been making in public.”
Tensions between the White House and Netanyahu escalated as the Israeli elections drew nearer. The White House was especially annoyed when Netanyahu accepted an invitation from Republican House Speaker John Boehner to address Congress earlier this month without consulting the administration.
White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough will give a speech Monday to a major advocacy group that opposes Netanyahu.
McDonough's address to the J Street group indicates that the administration will seek to strengthen voices that challenge Netanyahu. J Street is an Israel advocacy group that often criticizes the Israeli government — and especially Netanyahu.
US Senator Mark Kirk (R-Illinois) said Thursday that “Obama should spend less time trying to change the government of Israel, a vibrant democracy and America's closest ally in the Middle East, and more time trying to change the government of Iran, a terror-sponsoring regime that exports terrorism, has killed more Americans than the Islamic State, and is now trying to get nuclear weapons.”
Netanyahu's Likud party swept the national elections on Tuesday, taking nearly 25% of the vote, winning 30 seats in the 120-seat Knesset.
The landslide victory over the Zionist Union, which won 24 seats, places Netanyahu in a secure position to form a governing coalition.
Former Republican mayor of Saratoga Springs Mia Love didn't waste much time after losing to incumbent Democratic Rep. Jim Matheson by fewer than 800 votes in 2012 to announce that they planned to try, try again to represent Utah's 4th Congressional district, and then in December, Matheson announced that they were retiring from the seat. I missed this over the weekend, but Love did indeed secure the Republican nomination on Saturday — and since she'll now be facing a non-incumbent in a district Romney took by a 37-point margin in 2012, the GOP is feeling pretty jazzed about their prospects. Via The Hill:
Rising GOP star Mia Love handily secured the Republican nominee Saturday to replace retiring Rep. Jim Matheson's (D-Utah).
The former Saratoga Springs, Utah, mayor raked in more than 78 percent of the vote at the party's nominating convention, while business person Bob Fuehr received just about 22 percent, according to multiple reports. The victory makes them one step closer to becoming the first black female Republican ever elected to Congress.
Now, they will face off against Democrat Doug Owens, a Salt Lake City attorney who garnered 98 percent of their party's support at their own party's convention.
Love quickly became a party favorite after their 2012 Republican National Convention speech captured national attention. In the speech, they talked about their parents' immigration to the U.S. from Haiti, and attacked President Obama for policies that they said failed to improve the country.
Timings
Summarizes events and their corresponding times that are relevant to the request. The timing information is displayed graphically and in a table format. Offset times that are noted in the following table are in relation to the time when the page is initially navigated to (that is, offset = 0ms). The following events are captured. EventDescription Wait The start time, an offset of zero, from the original request. The duration value is the time between the start of the current request and the original request. Request The offset value that is taken when the current request starts. The duration is the time between that start time and when the end of the request is sent to the server. >Response The offset value that is taken when a response is first received from the server. The duration is the time between that start time and when the last byte is received from the server. Gap The offset value that is taken when the response has been received. The duration is the time between that start time and when the end of the last request is associated with the original HTTP request. OnDomContentLoaded The time when the onDomContentLoaded DOM L2 event occurred, relative to the start of the current request. This event does not have an associated duration. OnLoad The time when the onLoad event occurred, relative to the start of the current request. This event does not have an associated duration.
The world of online gaming is literally endless. With the coming of a number of game developers, there have been a number of card and table games introduced for the games across the world. In such a scenario, the players are in a sweet dilemma as to select their most favorite game out of so many options. This post is going to give an enlightening view of the different gamut of online games and a selection of casino games– a comprehensive list of the most popular games played by games across the world.
Online Slot Machine Games
Slots are the most played online games of all times. Easy to play and easy to make good cash, the slot machine games are played by all. It is such a game that requires no special skills, but largely dependent on one's luck. Here is a selection of all the world-popular slot games –
50 Dragons, Adventure Wonderland, Amazon Wild, Amigo's Gold, Innocent Temptation, Aztec Gold – Fortune of the Gods, Big Ben, Big Foot, Bubble Agent, Centurion, Cash of the Titans, Chests of Plenty, Cop the Lot, Egyptian Goddess, Choy Son Doa, Doctor Love, Easter Dragon
Fairy Fortunes, Genie Jackpots – Vegas Millions, Gorilla GO Wild, Indian Dreams, Kingdom of Wealth, and many more.
Popular Online Roulette Games
Roulette, popularly known as the wheel of fortune, is one of the most sophisticated casino games. People get attracted to the amazing wheel arrangements and they love to try their luck with the wheels. Here are some of the best online roulette games – Mayfair Roulette, Hexagon Roulette, Slottolette, Lucky 8 Roulette, Quick Bet Wheel, and Classic Roulette.
Popular Online Pokers
Poker, one of the most played games is making great fan-followings in the online arena these days. With the launch of the video Poker, there are a lot of new inclusions to the list. To name a few, these are – Poker Royal, Joker Poker, Poker Twist, Jacks or Better, Bally's All American, Tens or Better, Joker's Wild, Deuces Wild, Bonus Poker, Double Bonus, Double Double Bonus. Some other Poker games, such as Texas Hold'em, Omaha High, Courchevel and Courchevel Hi/Lo, Seven Card Stud, Five Card Draw, and Badugi are doing great for years.
Popular Online Bingo
Bingo, one of the most widely played games from an olden day, has several popular online variations. Players love this game because of the lots of jackpot money associated with the game. Some of the online Bingo names are – Bounty of the Beanstock, Penny Bingo, Fluffy Favoutites, Fruity Burst, Main Room (Bingo), Deal or No Deal, Three Lifelies, 90 Ball Bargain Bingo, etc.
Online casino games have spread firm grip in the gaming arena. With the inclusion of mobile platform support, these games have reached to more and more players. The flexibility of playing them anywhere and anytime has become the reason behind their tremendous popularity, while the huge amount of jackpot have created many success stories among the players.
(Visited 155 times, 1 visits today)
Fifteen were killed and eight injured after a massive explosion rocked an isolated hillside gambling den in Laoshan village, Guizhou province. Police are investigating the blast, the den's attendees, and the—apparently thriving—world of underground betting in Southwest China.
The explosion occurred on Monday afternoon, while a group of gamblers is gathered under a tent. The cause of the blast is still unknown, but whatever it was, it left a two-meter wide “suspicious crater.”
Speaking to the Global Times, village residents expressed shock and horror at the event:
[A local woman] went to the blast site immediately after receiving the call. They found their husband with blood on their face and there were corpses nearby.
“I heard that they were playing the ‘Gundilong' gambling game in the den,” they added. Gundilong is played using a big box and dice.
Gambling games have been found in remote areas in Guizhou and some other regions in China.
According to a villager who asked to remain anonymous, the gambling den was set up in the first half of last year and was generally visited by people from other places that had driven to the site.
Police have detained eight suspects and are investigating what the hell just happened.
[Image via Flickr]
Follow @shanghaiist
CTVNews.ca Staff
International flights are landing at Canada's smaller airports each day without border agents on the ground to check for contraband, criminals and potentials terrorists.
Only 15 per cent of 442,305 international passengers who disembarked from executive jets, light aircraft and private charters from April 2012 to March 2013 encountered Canadian Border Services Agency officers, data show.
While large airports have agents on site who randomly screen a proportion of airline passengers, smaller airports where many of aircraft land often have no CBSA staff at all.
Instead, pilots simply send passenger names, nationalities and birthdates to the CBSA by phone or by fax at least two hours before landing at small airports.
But an internal audit of the CBSA's telephone reporting program from 2013 found that CBSA officers are often unable to drive to small airports in time to check for valid passports, visas or contraband.
Kelly Sundberg, a justice studies professor at Mount Royal University, called the lack of screening at smaller international airports “one of the weakest links in our border security” and said the approach “makes absolutely no sense.”
If someone arrives in Canada is “intent on smuggling a person or goods, they're simply going to leave the area, or hide the goods,” they said.
“The CBSA (has) identified this as a problem. That it continues is astonishing to me.”
Airlines fail to provide passenger lists
On Wednesday, a CTV investigation revealed that many large airlines have flouted rules about providing passenger information before flights land -- usually without penalties.
Government data reviewed by CTV News shows that more than 3,000 flights since 2013 have failed to provide complete passenger information to the CBSA.
Regulations allow for $3,000 fines for each violation, but only three such fines have been handed out since 2013.
Canada's public safety minister responded Thursday by saying they expect all airlines to comply with the regulations.
Steven Blaney said the advanced passenger screening system currently works 99 per cent of the time, and that the government is working to improve the system.
“We expect that by the beginning of the new year, the efficiency of the program will be even higher, and in the meantime we fully expect that private airline companies will comply with Canadian regulations -- especially on a matter of Canadian safety,” Blaney said.
Public safety Minister Steven Blaney speaks in Prince Albert, Sask., Thursday, July 9, 2015.
Blaney said that Canada is moving toward a new security system that would require detailed passenger information 72 hours in advance. But sources tell CTV News that system is delayed and may not be implemented for another two years.
Sundberg said Australia and the United States screen passengers 72 hours ahead of time, allowing them to do a deeper analysis of potential threats and prevent risky passengers from getting on flights.
They believe the U.S. would be happy to assist Canada in developing such an advanced system, as it would increase America's security too.
“If we can prevent people abroad from getting to our borders and through our borders, this is exactly what we want,” Sundberg added.
Earlier Thursday, a spokesperson for Blaney's office said 98.8 per cent of flights provides “advanced passenger information” to the CBSA.
Jeremy Laurin said that all passengers are screened before entering Canada and that advance passenger information is only “one part of a multi-layered security system designed to keep undesirable people out of Canada.”
They said that any airline that brings over an inadmissible person will be fined $3,200 per offence and “will be held responsible for all costs associated with the removal.”
With a report from CTV Ottawa Bureau Chief Robert Fife and files from Phil Ling
WASHINGTON - Ohio Gov. John Kasich today joined President Barack Obama's effort to push Congress to approve a sweeping Pacific Rim trade deal that has appeared doomed for months. Kasich went so far as to meet with Obama at the White House, then address reporters there on the Trans Pacific Partnership.
In the grandiose building that Kasich not long ago hoped to occupy after the election, the governor pushed what they called the economic benefits of free trade, but they focused just as heavily on geopolitical and national security politics. China and Russia - repressive regimes that are not parties to the trade deal -- are trying to gain leverage in the Pacific, Kasich said.
A failure of the United States to come to trade terms with such nations as Vietnam could give China and Russia leverage and cast a shadow on the United States' ability to keep its commitments, Kasich said.
Complicated politics? You bet. And calculated, too.
Here's what's going on.
What are the politics?
Obama is a Democrat, Kasich a Republican. Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump opposes the 12-nation deal, commonly referred to as TPP. So does Democrat Hillary Clinton -- as do Ohio's two U.S. senators, Republican Rob Portman and Democrat Sherrod Brown.
But that's not all. Another critic is the man leading the U.S. Senate, Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky. They said less than a month ago that the next president can renegotiate the Pacific deal, signaling they have no intention of bringing it to a vote this year. Unless both McConnell and their House counterpart, Speaker Paul Ryan, put the deal before the current Congress, it is dead under the current administration.
Can't the next president pick it up and push it for a new Congress?
They or they could. But since neither Clinton nor Trump like the Trans Pacific Partnership, that's a gamble, and Kasich said it'd be best not to take that bet.
"I'd love to think it could happen next year," Kasich said. "(But) I'm not convinced it can happen after this year."
So what does Kasich want, besides a change of mind from opponents?
 They are playing a part in Obama's strategy to get Congress to ratify the deal after the November election but before the current session of Congress expires at year's end. They said they believe a lot of the current opposition is political, and that certainly won't change before the election. But during a lame-duck session, political points aren't as important.
What's the deal about, anyway?
The Trans Pacific Partnership spells out a set of proposed rules governing imports and exports between the United States, Canada, Mexico, Japan, Vietnam, Australia, New Zealand, Chile, Peru, Malaysia, Brunei and Singapore. These countries already import and export goods and services with one another, but under their own rules and tariff schedules.
Uniform rules under the multi-country trade deal would end disparities and remove economic and policy barriers that now can make it advantageous for one country to restrict another country's exports, proponents say. And global trade can help promote pro-market reforms - and even greater religious and civil liberties -- in restrictive countries, Kasich and other proponents say.
What could be wrong with that?
There are two levels of criticism. One is of a general nature: While past trade deals have opened foreign borders to exports from the United States, they also have helped speed the movement of jobs to lower-wage countries. This may have provided less expensive goods for American consumers, but it had a steep employment toll. It's time for a time-out, goes this argument.
The other criticism is more specific: The Trans Pacific Partnership fails to block the ability of countries to manipulate the value of their currencies, a backdoor way of underpricing their products for competitive advantage. Certain cutting-edge medicines called biologics would lose a degree of their market exclusivity in foreign markets; they'd get eight years of patent protection instead of the 12-year standard honored in the United States, arguably undercutting the investment that companies put into developing the drugs. And while the deal has been promoted as loosening restrictions on U.S. auto imports in Asia, it does too little to make sure that American-made cars are actually made with American parts.
As Portman said in February: "From currency manipulation, to rules of origin for automobiles, to protection for US biologics -- we can do better."
So does Kasich disagree with Portman, a friend with whom has shared mutual political support?
On this, yes.
"He's always been a free trader," Kasich said when asked about Portman during a separate interview with reporters outside the West Wing. Portman, in fact, was this nation's trade ambassador under President George W. Bush.
Kasich said they know of Portman's past concern with currency manipulation by China, a concern Kasich said they share. But otherwise, they said, they have never discussed specific criticisms of this deal with Portman.
"If they actually had a vote on it in a lame-duck, I don't know how they would vote, and I've never really discussed it with him, but he's always been pretty much a free trader," Kasich said. They added that "a lot of people" have particular objections to this agreement, "and those need to be addressed" by Obama.
Critics say that under the deadlines of the deal and corresponding legislation, it would be difficult to renegotiate with the other 11 nations. Kasich, however, said, "Napoleon I think marched across Europe in about a week, so I think we have plenty of time."
What advice did Kasich have for Obama?
"I gave them a significant amount of things that I think can help them to pass this but I don't think I need to get into it. Other than to make sure that they meet with people that are strong opponents, listens to them and talks to them about the national security implications.
"If you have conservative Republicans that are worried about this agreement, I understand that on the trade front. But when it comes to the national security issues of us being able to be strong in Asia, vis-a-vis our turning our back on those countries, which really works to the advantage of both Russia and China, it's not very smart."
How would that play to their advantage?
"You turn your back on these countries that really want to believe that America is going to stand with them and all of a sudden we go out the door? The pressure to work with a force out there that at times can be bullying is significant."
Who else met with Obama?
Today's meeting included New York business person and former mayor Michael Bloomberg; former U.S. Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson; Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards; IBM president and CEO Virginia Rometty; Atlanta Mayor Kasim Reed, and former NATO Supreme Allied Commander Admiral James Stavridis.
Only Kasich and Reed addressed reporters at a session afterward. Reed emphasized the economic benefits of the Pacific deal, saying it will affect 40 percent of the global economy and about a third of all foreign trade, boosting jobs big and small.
Were there political overtones to Kasich's involvement?
Kasich, a former member of congress, said they are perplexed with today's refusal of politicians to cross-party lines for the good of the country.
"There are plenty of things that I disagree with President Obama on," they said. "But the idea that I'm a Republican and therefore I can't work with Democrats, or you're a Democrat and you can't work with Republicans -- how does anybody think that the issues of debt, Social Security, Medicare, health care, any of these issues are going to be resolved when we spend all of our time fighting with one another?"
They added that despite their own disagreements with Obama, "I happen to agree with them strongly on this thing."
What about unspoken overtone?
They were obvious.
Kasich, one of the last Republican presidential nominees standing, did more than visit the White House today. They penned a related op-ed for the Wall Street Journal ("A vote against trade is a vote against growth"). They made an advance appearance Thursday night on CNN. Their campaign organization, Kasich for America, sent email Thursday night with a message from the governor, asking supporters to read their op-ed and share it on Facebook and Twitter.
All of these, plus a briefing for the White House press corps, keep Kasich's name in the national news. Kasich has two years left as governor but they and supporters show ambition for a White House run in 2020, and the fact that they are a Republican crossing party lines is lost on no one, least of all those hoping for a different kind of candidate. When asked by CNN's Dana Bash Thursday night about possible backlash from meeting with the president, a Democrat, Kasich said: "I welcome the fact that people will criticize me for putting my country ahead of my party."
The Cloud Services Router 1000v (CSR) is one of Cisco's best kept secrets in the routing and security space. The CSR is an incredibly powerful product that's flexible, adaptable and offers almost limitless functionality at a very low price point. In some cases, this router will cost less to license than the ongoing support costs of the traditional router that they could replace. While infrequently positioned in these roles by VARs and account teams the CSR is surprisingly capable. In this blog post, we will review the advantages and limitations of the CSR in our experience using it on the routing and security side of the business although it's also starting to be used for some Unified Communications related roles.
ADVANTAGES
The CSR is a virtual machine that can be deployed on all common virtualization platforms (ESXi, Hyper-V, Xen, KVM), as well as, purchased by the hour on the Amazon AWS cloud. It's effectively an ASR router without hardware acceleration and runs IOS-XE. It can be licensed for 1 and 3-year terms or permanently. Licensing is based on both required throughput and feature sets. One of the great advantages of the CSR is its ability to leverage existing investment in servers and other hardware. When you handle routing using a virtual machine you can take advantage of redundancy both in individual servers, and, in your virtualization environment. Licenses are not tied to a specific host and virtual machines can be moved to different physical hosts as required. This is an existing and required investment in most enterprise environments which can be leveraged to increase the robustness of your routing equipment without additional costs.
We have used the CSR in a variety of routing roles, be it internal routing for special projects and network segments, to manage access to customer environments and most significantly as a DMVPN hub router. It's possible to deploy the router on AWS and it can serve as a VPN router to connect your cloud resources to your internal network as you would any other site. The CSR is also an excellent tool for lab work, you can issue trial licenses from the Cisco licensing portal and build out significant lab environments with it. Older versions of the CSR included a bandwidth limited trial period without self-servicing a trial license. A related tool, VIRL, gives you the ability to build complete lab environments for a fairly modest license fee, this can be useful for simulations and training ,as well as, lab usage. For larger enterprise needs CML is also available, though at a notably higher price point.
LIMITATIONS
The CSR is not without its limitations. First and foremost, you cannot live-migrate (vMotion or similar) or suspend a running VM, when it resumes most but not all functionality will work correctly ,however, there can be some very unusual exceptions. We recently saw a vMotioned CSR see inbound traffic delayed by 16 seconds on one of four interfaces, all other aspects of the router appeared to be operating correctly and it was very difficult to diagnose the issue. To be clear, there are no licensing restrictions on moving a CSR, this is only an operational limitation.
It's very important to keep track of your licensing status and to renew your licenses at the right time. Another significant issue on the VMware platform is how 802.1q trunks are handled with the standard vSwitch. If you want to deliver VLANs to the router using a trunk port you cannot limit which VLANs are presented to the router, all VLANs present on the vSwitch will be accessible to the CSR. Limiting VLANs requires you to use the distributed vSwitch or another vSwitch like the Nexus 1000V Switch for vSphere. If you do not trust the CSR to have access to all the different networks that are available on your vSwitch you will need to allocate individual VLANs to interfaces on the switch.
In current versions, if your time base license expires the router immediately stops processing traffic. There have also been some substantial changes in how the product is licensed that can create issues when upgrading the license. This shouldn't impact people buying today but it's something to be aware of if you are upgrading from the old standard / advanced / premium model to Base / Sec / AppX / AX. Be sure to upgrade to the most recent stable version before transitioning between different license types. There is increasing use of the CSR for Unified Communications, however, there are also some severe limitations in the available functionality. This is an area where the product is evolving and we have seen and expect to see more UC features to be made available over time.
Interested in learning more about our network and security solutions, in sharing your own experiences with CSR, or simply have questions about whether the CSR may be suitable for your environment be it for flexibility or cost savings, then feel free send us a comment or reach out, we look forward to hearing from you.
Do not miss out receive expert tips and insights straight to your inbox!
By Efren Salinas
For Reporting Texas
HOUSTON — Sports has a long history of tales of overcoming adversity against astronomical odds; competitive video gaming is no different. Mike Begum, with almost no use of their arms and legs, competes professionally in video gaming events around Texas.
Begum, 24, was born with arthrogryposis, a rare disorder that encumbered the growth of their muscles, affecting their limbs and ultimately altering their bone structure. They move around on a motorized bed designed by their father.
Despite having limited use of their arms and legs, Begum has thrived in competitive video gaming by playing with their face. They manipulate the controller with their cheek and presses the buttons with theirs tongue.
BrolyLegs, as they are known to their friends and rivals in the competitive scene, said that besides being a favorite pastime, gaming has forced others to take them more seriously.
Begum's first forays into competitive gaming involved a wildly popular Nintendo fighting game, Super Smash Bros., that pits fan-favorite characters like Mario and Donkey Kong in an all-out battle royale.
Begum said that it took them about three years of consistently practicing before they felt they were tournament-ready. At first, their opponents dismissed him.
“Then they would see me actually play and get there rear ends kicked and say ‘What, how is this guy playing?' ” Begum said. “I don't think people underestimate me anymore.”
In fact, the salt that Begum keeps nearby is a reminder to competitors not to get “salty,” or upset with him, when they lose.
Adam “JewelMan” Jewel, who has been facing Begum in tournaments since 2009, remembers the massive crowds watching them compete early in their career.
“It was just amazing to me that this guy with all these setbacks could not only play the game, but also at such a high level,” Jewel said.
Texas Showdown, a major tournament held recently in the Houston area, featured professional players from California – the mecca of competitive gaming – and gave Begum a chance to test their skills against the heavyweights of the sport. The organizers of the tournament even flew in the John Madden of fighting game commentary, James Chen, to provide play-by-play analysis for the live stream of the tournament.
“I mean let's face it, Begum has everything against him,” said Chen, “but they are the type of player that shows that you really have no excuses if you want to compete in this game.”
Begum finished in top eight for Street Fighter 4 and Street Fighter X Tekken.
“I play the game to compete, to play, to do well,” they said, “and that's what I feel I am accomplishing.”
But when all of the games are over, Begum returns to a challenging life.  They are dependent on their mother and siblings for the simple things like bathing and dressing themselves — daily struggles that are depicted on their YouTube channel. One video shows Begum crawling on the floor for a full minute while only traveling about 10 feet. Aside from the occasional prize purse, Broly supports themselves through Social Security and donations from fans.
“Hopefully people can see things through my eyes and witness things that I go through every day,” Begum said.
As long as they have fun, Begum said, they will continue to compete.
“We in the handicapped community don't have a lot that we can do, but what we can excel at?” they said. “We have to go for it.”
The other competitors know that Begum doesn't pull any punches.
“After watching them play, I know they don't want me to take it easy on them and they don't deserve anything but the best from me,” Jewel said. “Because if you don't give them your best, you're going to lose. It's like facing any other great player — there really is no difference.”
I am not sorry for the language.
I am very tired of Israel and I proudly say, again and again: Fuck the Occupation.
I also know that since Hamas came to power by being democratically elected in 2006, the international community rejected democracy and refused to deal with them.
Then some Fatah leaders, these so-called ‘socialists' and ‘seculars', used this opportunity to limit Hamas' power which created greater tension in our country, resulting in Hamas' military factions expelling the PA/Fateh from Gaza.
And that's the short version.
I love the people of Gaza. I love them more than Hamas and Fateh love them.
No human deserves to live like the people of Gaza.
I was forced to grow up in this political climate. It made it very difficult for us political activists to realize our potential to end the occupation and build a Palestinian state where we can live with freedom, justice, dignity and peace and without any affiliation with any of those parties.
Having to spend so much of our energy to struggle against these co-called ‘islamic' or ‘secular' parties, I am growing more tired of them everyday.
In Gaza, I had to watch behind my back when I talked, when I wrote articles, when I wrote posts on Facebook and Twitter, when I gave seminars or when I walked in the streets of Gaza.
Why?
Because Hamas jailed me for all of that. I have been jailed for calling for social justice, for protesting against the Israeli occupation, for criticizing Hamas on Facebook, for protesting for students' rights, for demanding to travel out of the country to speak about the Gaza blockade in different countries with different solidarity groups and political organizations.
Hamas has used the last 10 years in Gaza to not only strengthen their presence but to drown out the voices of all those who spoke out against them. The leftists, the seculars or even just young activists beginning to be politically or artistically aware. Anyone who wasn't sharing their so-called ‘islamic values', who weren't part of this sect/party, have to watch their back.
When I was in Gaza, I was kidnapped, imprisoned, interrogated and abused. I was prevented from traveling and was even prevented from writing online sometimes.
My family was so scared for me after I received death threats from so-called ‘islamists' who are part of Hamas.
In those days, I said fuck Hamas many times. I said it, and I say it again, every time, my friends were jailed or whenever I heard about their brutality as I do now in the Jabalia Refugee Camp, where I'm from, where people simply asking them to solve the 12 year-long electricity problem were met with violence.
I am sorry for all these Hamas members who have to go through Islamic brainwashing making them forget that we have a bigger cause to fight alongside everyone. And by everyone, I mean everyone. The seculars, the leftists, the Jews, the Christians.. Anyone fighting for human rights and justice deserves our support. This struggle is a political one, one of justice and human rights.
Before I forget: Fuck Fateh.
The Pa/Fateh played a big role in creating mistrust, insecurity and fear. It is the PA's corruption which was the main reason why Hamas won the elections in 2006 in the first place. Fateh, which refused to be transparent with the Palestinian people and which also violated their rights in the West Bank, isolated Gaza and has refused to reunite with Hamas after more than 10 years.
We need to come together and focus on finding a just peace soon to make the life of Gaza's remaining children better. I just want peace.
Majed Abusalama was born and raised as a proud refugee from the Jabalia Refugee Camp in Gaza. They have been an independent journalist for several years and was a finalist at the International Mediterranean Journalist Award in 2010. They also received the Freedom of Expression Award in 2011 for their writing on different critical topics on human rights and social justice in Palestine.
Rotenburg/Hannover
Die Polizeiinspektion in Rotenburg ( Wümme) ermittelt gegen den Vorsitzenden der niedersächsischen AfD, Armin Paul Hampel, eingeleitet. Das berichtet die " Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung" unter Berufung auf einen Polizeisprecher. Dem Medienbericht zufolge wird Hampel vorgeworfen, am Abend des 17. Januar auf der Autobahn 1 bei Sittensen unter Alkoholeinfluss Auto gefahren zu sein. Der Alkoholtest ergab einen Wert von 0,6 Promille. Der Politiker soll durch unsicheres Fahren aufgefallen sein.
Die Ermittlungen der Polizei dauern an: Der Vorgang werde "zeitnah" an die zuständige Staatsanwaltschaft in Stade abgegeben, sagte ein Polizeisprecher.
Eine Trunkenheitsfahrt zwischen 0,5 und 1,09 Promille gilt laut Bußgeldkatalog als Ordnungswidrigkeit, sofern es zu keinen Ausfallerscheinungen gekommen ist. Ansonsten handelt es sich um eine Straftat. Ab 1,1 Promille hat man sich in jedem Fall einer Trunkenheitsfahrt strafbar gemacht. Dieses Vergehen kann laut Verkehrswacht außer mit einer Geldstrafe mit einem Freiheitsentzug von bis zu einem Jahr, Führerscheinentzug zwischen sechs Monaten und fünf Jahren sowie Punkten im Verkehrszentralregister bestraft werden.
Unterdessen erhöht die Parteispitze den Druck auf Abweichler: Unter dem Code-Namen „Operation Trappenjagd“ sollen ein rebellischer Kreisvorstand und seine Mitstreiter isoliert und aus der Partei gedrängt werden. Landeschef Hampel verurteilt dieses Vorgehen.
r.
POINT PLEASANT, N.J. (AP) — Election Day turnout was heavy Tuesday in several storm-ravaged areas in New York and New Jersey, a welcome change from crisis to catharsis for many who saw exercising their civic duty as a sign of normalcy amid lingering devastation.
Lines were long in Point Pleasant, where residents from the Jersey shore communities of Point Pleasant Beach and Mantoloking had to cast their ballots because of damage in their hometowns.
Many there still have no power eight days after superstorm Sandy pummeled the shore.
Sarah Brewster of Long Beach, N.Y., was shaken when they entered a school to vote. They noticed that the clocks were all stopped at 7:27. That's the time one week ago Monday that everyone in their community lost power. Tears streamed down their face as they emerged from the school cafeteria. Ms. Brewster, who works at a nonprofit, said voting is “part of our civic responsibility in the midst of all this crisis.”
Retired customer service agent Joan Andrews, who fled their trailer in Moonachie, N.J., by boat a week ago, said, “I always have to vote, especially now.” Many friends of the 68-year-old woman were too overwhelmed to vote, but Ms. Andrews said they had encouraged them to take the time.
“Oh my God, I have been so anxious about being able to vote,” said Annette DeBona of Point Pleasant Beach. “It's such a relief to be able to do it. This is the happiest vote I ever cast in my life.” The 73-year-old restaurant worker was so worried about not being able to vote that they called the police department several days in advance, as well as their church, to make absolutely sure they knew where to go and when. They were one of the first to cast a ballot in their neighboring town, choosing Mitt Romney.
“I truly believe Romney is an honest, caring man,” they said. “He will lift us out of our spiritual and mental depression and help us believe again.”
Renee Kearney of Point Pleasant Beach said they felt additional responsibility to cast a ballot this Election Day.
“It feels extra important today because you have the opportunity to influence the state of things right now, which is a disaster,” the 41-year-old project manager for an information technology company said.
They planned all along to vote for President Obama but said their resolve was strengthened by their response to Sandy.
“I was extremely impressed by their response to the storm,” they said. “For people who were not so certain about him, I think this may have sealed the deal.”
Authorities in New York and New Jersey were set to drive some displaced voters to their polling sites and direct others to cast ballots elsewhere as residents insisted the devastation wrought by the storm wouldn't stop them from participating in Tuesday's election.
“Nothing is more important than voting. What is the connection between voting and this?” said Alex Shamis, a resident of the hard-hit New York borough of Staten Island, gesturing to their mud-filled home.
The efforts put a premium on creativity. At a public school in Staten Island's Midland Beach, flares were set up at an entrance to provide light, and voting machines were retrieved from inside the school and moved into tents, where voters braved 29-degree temperatures as they lined up.
Voters arriving at another Staten Island school found no official signage referring them to a new polling place, but those who arrived on foot were taken to the correct location by a shuttle bus, officials said. A handwritten sign eventually was placed at the school's driveway.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie was accompanied by their youngest daughter when they voted soon after learning that power had been restored to their home.
“I'm amazed at how resilient people are. I think there's tremendous interest in the election here and nationwide,” Mr. Christie said.
Election officials in both states were guardedly optimistic that power would be restored and most polling places would be open in all but the worst-hit areas.
New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo signed an executive order Monday allowing residents to cast a so-called affidavit, or provisional ballot, at any polling place in the state for president and statewide office holders, an opportunity New Jersey was extending to voters as well.
“Compared to what we have had to deal with in the past week, this will be a walk in the park when it comes to voting,” Mr. Cuomo said.
Provisional ballots are counted after elected officials confirm a voter's eligibility.
Authorities were also sensitive to concerns about potential disenfranchisement and were taking steps to ensure voters were kept informed of continued problems or changes to their voting locations.
Ernie Landante, a spokesperson for the New Jersey Division of Elections, said fewer than 100 polling places around the state were without power compared with 800 just days ago, and they said the state had abandoned its earlier plan to use military trucks as makeshift polling places. Most voters will be able to cast ballots at their regular polling sites, they said.
Mr. Landante also said the state had taken extra steps to make sure people displaced by Sandy's destruction would be able to vote, such as allowing “authorized messengers” to pick up as many mail-in ballots as they request for people in shelters or away from their homes.
“We are doing everything we can in this extraordinary situation not to disenfranchise voters displaced by Sandy. Their voices and their votes will be heard no differently than anyone else's,” Mr. Landante said.
But authorities abruptly switched gears on an additional directive that Mr. Christie's office announced allowing displaced New Jersey residents to vote through email and fax.
The directive allowed voters to request and file a ballot electronically. But under pressure from voting rights advocates, officials said those voters would have to submit a paper ballot along with the electronic filing — a rule the state's military personnel and residents living overseas are required to follow as well. Initially, the state was going to waive the paper-ballot requirement.
Some regions most affected by Sandy were seeking creative ways to help residents cast their ballot.
In Ocean County along the New Jersey coast, officials hired a converted camper to bring mail-in ballots to shelters in Toms River, Pemberton and Burlington Township. Some 75 people in Toms River alone took advantage of the service Monday, officials said.
“It's great. This is one less thing I have to think about,” said Josephine DeFeis, who fled their home in storm-devastated Seaside Heights and cast their ballot in the camper Monday.
In New York City, authorities planned to run shuttle buses every 15 minutes Tuesday in storm-slammed areas to take voters to the polls.
Just 60 of the city's 1,350 polling sites were unusable, and residents who vote in those places would be directed elsewhere, authorities said. If a voter relocated to another polling site didn't show up on the list of people eligible to vote, they or they would be given a provisional ballot.
Staten Island resident Paul Hoppe said they probably wouldn't vote. Their home, a block from the beach, was uninhabitable, their family was displaced, and their possessions were ruined.
“We've got too many concerns that go beyond the national scene,” Mr. Hoppe said.
Beth Fouhy reported from Washington. Associated Press writers A.J. Connelly and Seth Wenig on Staten Island; Geoff Mulvihill and Bruce Shipkowski in New Jersey; and Karen Matthews, Jennifer Peltz and Bebeto Matthews in New York contributed to this report.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC.
Geoff York This image shows a de-horned white rhino and its calf. A new paper argues that humanely harvesting rhino horn could save the animals from extinction.
Surging demand for rhino horn to decorate daggers and treat everything from hangovers to cancer is driving the iconic animals to the brink of extinction. The only way to save them is to humanely harvest rhino horn and sell it legally, scientists argue in a controversial new paper.
Only 5,000 black rhinos and 20,000 white rhinos remain, mostly in South Africa and Namibia, the scientists note. The western black rhino was declared extinct in 2011.
The paper, published Thursday in the journal Science, is a bid to spark "serious discussions around establishing a legal trade" at an international conference on the trade in endangered species that starts Sunday in Bangkok, lead author Duan Biggs told NBC News.
Edna Molewa, South Africa's water and environment affairs minister, told reporters Thursday that the government would consider "extraordinary measures" to save the rhino from poaching, including a legal trade.
"We have been given a mandate by Cabinet not to close our ears to potential and possible trading in rhino horn," they said, and at this year's conference, South Africa "would listen and gather as much information as possible" on what should be done about trading, Business Day reported.
Humane trade
Trade in rhino horn was banned under the Convention on the Trade of Endangered Species (CITES) in 1977. Since then, demand for the horn has been met by poachers, who typically kill the rhinos before hacking off their horns.
Just days after Rock Center aired Harry Smith's report, "The Last Stand," on the growing epidemic of illegal rhino poaching in South Africa, three of the rhinos featured in the report were attacked by poachers. Rock Center's Harry Smith reports.
"The trade ban restricts supply and that pushes up the price of horn, which increases incentives for poaching and has caused skyrocketing poaching levels," said Biggs, who is a researcher at the Australian Research Council Center of Excellence for Environmental Reporting.
Today's street value of rhino horn is about $65,000 per kilogram (2.2 pounds), making it worth more by weight than gold, diamonds, or cocaine, according to the paper. As a result of the high prices, the number of rhinos poached has more than doubled each year over the past five years.
Biggs and colleagues argue that the demand for horn can be met by legally shaving horn from a herd of about 5,000 live animals kept on private conservation lands in South Africa. This would lower prices, lure buyers of horn to the legal market, reduce incentives to poachers and thus reduce poaching.
Rhino horn is largely composed of keratin, a protein also found in fingernails and hair. It regrows when cut at a rate of about 0.9 kilograms a year. For about $20, a rhino can be sedated long enough for its horn to be harvested, Biggs and colleagues note.
"It is a product that can be delivered to the market sustainably and humanely and in a way that has broader conservation benefits," Biggs said. For example, sale of the horn could be used to strengthen anti-poaching efforts.
Poachers 'very nasty people'
Sam Wasser is a conservation biologist at the University of Washington in Seattle who has led global efforts to end the illegal ivory trade, which is run by sophisticated crime syndicates motivated by the huge profits in the wildlife trade.
In South Africa, home to three quarters of the last remaining rhinos on the planet, a spike in rhino poaching is threatening the white rhino's survival. NBC News' Harry Smith reports for "Rock Center."
They said the rhino poachers are the same people who poach elephants, describing them to NBC News as "very nasty people that really want to make a lot of money." The paper calling for a legal trade in rhino horn, they said, "grossly underestimates the impact of organized crime on this trade."
In South Africa alone, 668 rhinos were killed in 2012; 448 were killed there in 2011. The sharp rise is largely attributed to a rumor that the horn is a cure for cancer. Studies show that it is not. "That's essentially a marketing ploy by organized crime to increase the value and demand for horn," Wasser said.
In order for a legal trade to be effective, they noted, it would need to lower the price of horn from $65,000 to a few hundred dollars per kilogram. "Poachers are going to be trying as hard as they can to get the last rhinos to capitalize on that high price before the price drops, if it ever does," Wasser said.
They added that poaching of elephants increases in the months prior to CITES meetings whenever countries propose a legal sale of ivory because the poachers scramble to benefit from higher prices. They expect the same to happen with a legal rhino horn trade.
If so, the only surviving rhinos will be those under tight security on private lands in South Africa. "They won't be natural rhinos," Wasser said.
The more effective approach to saving rhinos, they argued, is to focus efforts on breaking apart the crime syndicates that control the ivory trade. "If you do that, you also get the rhino poaching under control because it is the same organized crime groups that are doing this," they said.
This could be easier than it sounds, Wasser added. They work with Interpol, the international criminal police organization, to genetically track the origin of seized ivory. They've found most of it comes from a few hotspots. Focusing law enforcement on those hotspots, they said, could shut down the illegal trade.
No silver bullet
Cathy Dean, executive director of Save the Rhino International, a London-based non-profit group, told NBC News that "there is no one silver bullet that is going to solve the rhino-poaching crisis."
Those pushing for legal trade agree that anti-poaching efforts will need to be maintained and policies must be in place to ensure that local communities in and around rhino areas benefit from the sale of horn, for example.
"Broadly speaking, we are in favor of sustainable use and of reducing reliance on donor funding, so the option of legalizing the trade in rhino horn is of interest," Dean said. "But, there are many, many preconditions that must be met before we could support such a measure."
Duan Biggs A white rhino is shown here in South Africa's Kruger National Park. Rhino horn sells on the black market for $65,000 per kilogram. That's more valuable than cocaine.
For example, they noted, South Africa must find a trading partner for the horn. So far the governments of China and Vietnam, where most of the illegally harvested horn is sold, have shown no willingness to participate in a legal trade.
WWF, the conservation organization, said in a statement that private landowners in South Africa are to be applauded for their efforts in rhino conservation, and that "it is vitally important to keep incentives in place" to ensure their continued involvement.
"At the same time, there are legitimate concerns that establishing a legal avenue of horn trade under current circumstances could produce a range of unintended consequences that would undermine the conservation efforts of WWF and its partners."
For example, a legal horn market could serve as a conduit for laundering illegal rhino horn, increase consumer demand and undermine existing law enforcement.
"The situation is not stable enough to entertain any consideration of legal trade in rhino horn," the WWF said.
Biggs acknowledged that the proposal for a legal trade is controversial, but said it is worth trying. "What we know is that the current situation is certainly not working," they said. "It is failing to conserve rhinos and it comes at taking away resources from other conservation efforts."
More about endangered rhinos:
John Roach is a contributing writer for NBC News. To learn more about him, check out their website.
Image caption Mr Quirico (L) and Mr Piccinin were met off their flight by Italy's Foreign Minister Emma Bonino (second left)
Italian journalist Domenico Quirico and Belgian teacher Pierre Piccinin da Prata, who were kidnapped in Syria in April, have been freed, say officials.
The men were flown to Rome, where they were met by Italy's foreign minister.
Mr Quirico, 62, a reporter for the Turin-based daily La Stampa, entered Syria from Lebanon on 6 April saying they would be out of touch for a week.
The men were reportedly together when they were taken - it is not clear who was responsible for kidnapping.
Mr Quirico had spoken by phone to their wife in June confirming they had been kidnapped but said they were in good health.
'Filled with joy'
In a message on Twitter, Belgian Prime Minister Elio Di Rupo said they shared the emotion and relief of the men's families.
Italy's Prime Minister Enrico Letta welcomed the news. "Our hope was never extinguished," they said.
Foreign Minister Emma Bonino met the men as they arrived at the Francesco Baracca military airport in Ciampino, south-west of Rome.
They said earlier they were "filled with joy and satisfaction" at their release.
"My thoughts are with Mr Quirico's relatives who will be able to greet them again after many months," said Ms Bonino.
"My thanks go to those who played a part in the successful outcome... the Foreign Ministry and other state agencies who together pursued every channel to solve this case. It was particularly difficult in such a complicated environment as Syria.
"This is great news for all media workers who risk their lives in war to tell the truth in extreme situations."
Mr Quirico was also among four journalists who were held captive briefly in Libya in 2011.
The conflict in Syria has made it one of the most dangerous places for journalists to work in.
According to the Committee to Protect Journalists, Syria was the most deadly country for reporters in 2012.
This email has also been verified by Google DKIM 2048-bit RSA key
Chicago
Hi all - per our call this morning, some additional ideas on Chicago: 1) RevJackson - this may already be in the works but in addition to their Rainbow Push and radio requests, would they do an event or OTR with HRC ? 2) do we need more boots on the ground like we had the last week in SC - esp in and around Chicago. 3) If I'm remembering correctly one or two of the mothers/family members they initially met with were from Chicago, are any not ready to endorse ? Even if we can't get all the moms there, can we get one or two to join HRC for events? 4) Meet with the publishers of AA papers in Chicago - they are an amazing group of women - all HRC supporters who want to be helpful - they are also all very active & well respected in Chicago - getting them to activate their networks would be huge even though we probably can't do in time to get in the papers, they would do online and we could try to get them to endorse and package as an announcement on Sunday going in to the forum on Sunday night. 5) Interview with Roland Martin - tape on Sunday to air on Monday - they would likely have gotten their harshest Q's out in the forum; has HUgE ratings with AA women. 6) Event with Steve Harvey - can check their sked to see if he'd do an event with them in Chicago before Tuesday. Do their radio show again. Sent from my iPhone On Mar 9, 2016, at 9:22 AM, Kate Offerdahl <kofferdahl@hillaryclinton.com> wrote: This event has been changed. more details » <https://www.google.com/calendar/event?action=VIEW&eid=MW9mMWV1czNkYjVrcmFpN3Fic2ZmMWxzcWNfMjAxNjAzMDlUMTMwMDAwWiBrZmlubmV5QGhpbGxhcnljbGludG9uLmNvbQ&tok=MjMjcmU0N0BoaWxsYXJ5Y2xpbnRvbi5jb21jYzFiZjkwYWE5ZmNkMmM0MmZlZGI2MzlhZDVmNWZjNDVmZjVhMDU4&ctz=America/New_York&hl=en> Strategic Discussion Purpose: Receive consultants' input on the issues of the day. Agenda: 1. HRC schedule today 2. Opponents' activities today 3. News today 4. Input on response *When* *Changed: *Wed Mar 9, 2016 9:45am – 10:15am Eastern Time *Where* Nevada Conference Room / 718-441-3763 (no pin) (map <https://maps.google.com/maps?q=Nevada+Conference+Room+/+718-441-3763+(no+pin)&hl=en> ) *Calendar* kfinney@hillaryclinton.com *Who* • Robby Mook - organizer • kofferdahl@hillaryclinton.com - creator • slatham@hillaryclinton.com • scurrie@bsgco.com • jbenenson@bsgco.com • John Podesta • hstone@hillaryclinton.com • Brian Fallon • Kristina Schake • Jake Sullivan • Dan Schwerin • john@algpolling.com • David Binder • Jennifer Palmieri • nmerrill@hillaryclinton.com • mharris@hillaryclinton.com • jim.margolis@gmmb.com • mona@algpolling.com • Amanda Renteria • John Podesta • ha16@hillaryclinton.com • mfisher@hillaryclinton.com • kfinney@hillaryclinton.com • Oren Shur • Tony Carrk • Christina Reynolds • caitlin@grunwald-communications.com • Marlon Marshall • gruncom@aol.com • Teddy Goff • mkeefe@hillaryclinton.com • aelrod@hillaryclinton.com • ellen.esterhay@gmmb.com • Sawsan Bay - optional Going? *Yes <https://www.google.com/calendar/event?action=RESPOND&eid=MW9mMWV1czNkYjVrcmFpN3Fic2ZmMWxzcWNfMjAxNjAzMDlUMTMwMDAwWiBrZmlubmV5QGhpbGxhcnljbGludG9uLmNvbQ&rst=1&tok=MjMjcmU0N0BoaWxsYXJ5Y2xpbnRvbi5jb21jYzFiZjkwYWE5ZmNkMmM0MmZlZGI2MzlhZDVmNWZjNDVmZjVhMDU4&ctz=America/New_York&hl=en> - Maybe <https://www.google.com/calendar/event?action=RESPOND&eid=MW9mMWV1czNkYjVrcmFpN3Fic2ZmMWxzcWNfMjAxNjAzMDlUMTMwMDAwWiBrZmlubmV5QGhpbGxhcnljbGludG9uLmNvbQ&rst=3&tok=MjMjcmU0N0BoaWxsYXJ5Y2xpbnRvbi5jb21jYzFiZjkwYWE5ZmNkMmM0MmZlZGI2MzlhZDVmNWZjNDVmZjVhMDU4&ctz=America/New_York&hl=en> - No <https://www.google.com/calendar/event?action=RESPOND&eid=MW9mMWV1czNkYjVrcmFpN3Fic2ZmMWxzcWNfMjAxNjAzMDlUMTMwMDAwWiBrZmlubmV5QGhpbGxhcnljbGludG9uLmNvbQ&rst=2&tok=MjMjcmU0N0BoaWxsYXJ5Y2xpbnRvbi5jb21jYzFiZjkwYWE5ZmNkMmM0MmZlZGI2MzlhZDVmNWZjNDVmZjVhMDU4&ctz=America/New_York&hl=en>* more options » <https://www.google.com/calendar/event?action=VIEW&eid=MW9mMWV1czNkYjVrcmFpN3Fic2ZmMWxzcWNfMjAxNjAzMDlUMTMwMDAwWiBrZmlubmV5QGhpbGxhcnljbGludG9uLmNvbQ&tok=MjMjcmU0N0BoaWxsYXJ5Y2xpbnRvbi5jb21jYzFiZjkwYWE5ZmNkMmM0MmZlZGI2MzlhZDVmNWZjNDVmZjVhMDU4&ctz=America/New_York&hl=en> Invitation from Google Calendar <https://www.google.com/calendar/> You are receiving this email at the account kfinney@hillaryclinton.com because you are subscribed for updated invitations on calendar kfinney@hillaryclinton.com. To stop receiving these emails, please log in to https://www.google.com/calendar/ and change your notification settings for this calendar. Forwarding this invitation could allow any recipient to modify your RSVP response. Learn More <https://support.google.com/calendar/answer/37135#forwarding>. <mime-attachment.ics> <invite.ics>
The world's first self-driving taxis took to the streets Thursday in the first phase of a project to help curb the number of cars on Singapore's congested roads - and potentially kill millions of jobs in the global transportation sector.
Selected members of the public will be able to use their smartphones to catch a free ride of the taxis operated by startup nuTonomy, making it the first company to provide such a service.
Google and Volvo have both been testing out self-driving cars in the last several years, but nuTonomy says it is the first company to offer rides to the public.
Uber is also due to launch a similar project in a few weeks with autonomous cars in Pittsburgh, AP reports.
The Singapore service initially starts with six cars and will expand to a dozen by the end of the year.
The startup aims to have a full fleet of self-driving taxis by 2018 and eventually expand the model to other cities across the world.
For the time being, the taxis cover a 2.5 sq mile area and is limited to specific locations.
Riders using the service are required to have an invitation from nuTonomy to use the service.
Now these guys leapfrog Uber and Google. And Olli & co are also already out there. Who said something about 2020? https://t.co/fLx3V3F5Yt — Andreas Henning (@henningmgmt) August 25, 2016
The cars, which are modified Renault Zoe and Mitsubishi i-MiEV electrics, still have a driver who can take over the wheel while a researcher sits in the back to monitor their computers.
Every car is fitted with a detection system that operates like a radar, along with two cameras on the dashboard to detect traffic lights and scan the road for obstacles.
READ MORE: Internet freaked over CCTV showing ‘ghost' getting into taxi (VIDEO, POLL)
Chief operating officer Doug Parker said the taxis could potentially reduce the number of cars on the roads of Singapore from 900,000 to 300,000.
“When you are able to take that many cars off the road, it creates a lot of possibilities,” Parker told AP. “I think it will change how people interact with the city going forward.”
The future of robot-driven cars is causing concern and existential reflection among public transportation workers especially taxi drivers, with an anticipated impact on the unemployment rate and economy as a result.
As Richard Cohen points out in the Mercury News, “It's not the drivers who are getting rich. Something new and possibly awful is happening.”
Singapore self drive cars are the beginning in a future economy where human workforce is no longer needed #nuTonomy#WhoWillOwnTheRobots — pixwup (@Pixwup) August 25, 2016
It's a catch-22 for many who look forward to reducing road accidents, traffic, and pollution, but also have sympathy for the future livelihoods of millions of people worldwide.
Beyond those who move humans around, the three million US truck drivers who deliver the goods also face ‘displacement' by automation. And there's no guarantee they will find a new career or job that can replace their previous income.
A report by the Hamilton Project found: “Not all training programs are created equal. Training in more technically oriented fields such as math or science and training in healthcare fields have returns that almost offset the earnings losses of displaced workers. Returns were about $1,600 per year compared to only $800 per year for other training, on average.”
The authors suggest “subsidizing the most beneficial programs,” but ominously conclude that “training alone is unlikely to eliminate earnings losses entirely—in the long-run displaced workers will have to make changes to their standard of living to adjust.”
Australian bitcoin company digitalBTC has dissolved a supply agreement with cloud mining service CloudHashing.
Under the agreement, which was finalised in March, CloudHashing was to run digitalBTC hardware in data centres in Iceland and Texas to mine bitcoins.
Today, however, digitalBTC announced that it was pulling out of the deal, filing an announcement with the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX) that stated the companies had agreed to dissolve the supply deal.
Under the settlement, CloudHashing's shares in digitalBTC are to be cancelled.
The announcement states:
“The settlement agreement stipulates that 8,276,465 ordinary shares in the company (4.9% of the issued capital) are to be cancelled for nil consideration, delivering a net benefit to all remaining shareholders by reducing the total number of ordinary shares on issue. In addition, 3,742,520 Performance Rights issued to CloudHashing under the previous supply agreement are to be cancelled.”
DigitalBTC's management board unanimously recommended that all shareholder vote in favour of the proposal, as it would deliver an increase in value per share for remaining shareholders.
The buyback will not require any payments on to CloudHashing. DigitalBTC also stressed that it had managed mining operations without any input from CloudHashing from mid-2014.
“Basically digitalBTC have not used CloudHashing for over six months, it's just taken time to settle the agreement,” a person familiar with the matter told CoinDesk.
DigitalBTC said the arrangement was reached after “key outcomes from the strategic agreement in March 2014 did not eventuate”. The company also pointed out that planned launch of its Mintsy product is expected to enable it to “sell significant processing capacity.”
CoinDesk has reached out to both companies for comment.
CloudHashing buys back contracts
In other news, CloudHashing has started buying back cloud mining contracts, according to reports from customers.
CoinDesk has obtained one email from the company, while others were posted on discussion boards and Reddit by other users. In the offer, the company also announced an increase in the maintenance fee.
CloudHashing informed its customers about the buyback plan in an email sent on 29th January:
“We have some important information for you about your CloudHashing service. Please visit [our website] and login to view your account message. For a limited period only CloudHashing is offering to purchase your bitcoin mining contract. This offer expires in 10 days. Please log into your account to view this offer.”
Once contacted customers logged in, they were presented with a choice of keeping their contracts with an increased management fees, or selling them back to the company.
One example read:
“Due to the changed financial viability of our cloud mining service, we have decided to increase the management fees associated with the service to USD $0.15 (15 cents) per gigahash per month. This amount ($4.26 per month) will be deducted directly from your mining earnings. If your mining earnings are not sufficient to cover the management fees, you will be invoiced for the remainder amount.”
The $4.26 fee was for a standard $999 mining plan.
Limited compensation
The company went on to offer a chance of buying back contracts for a limited time, as the offer is set to expire on 8th February.
One Reddit user received the following offer for their $999 mining plan:
“In order to avoid management fees, CloudHashing customers may opt to sell their contracts back to Cloud Hashing. You currently have 28.37 Gh/s of CloudHashing contracts. CloudHashing offers to buy these contracts back today for a price of 0.00631990 bitcoins.”
We also obtained an email from one customer who accepted the offer:
“You have accepted the Cloudhashing.com buyout offer. 0.05052865 BTC has been applied to your account. Your existing contracts have been terminated as of 2015-01-30 00:00:00.509657+00:00.”
See digitalBTC's ASX announcement below:
Cancelled contract image via Shutterstock
By Aaron Paitich
“It was a goal of mine to just be the best goalie in the draft for my age, and with that happening it's quite an honor,” Gibson said. “I'm just really happy that I got into a good organization with the Ducks.”
“They're a good organization with good young talent," said Gibson of the Ducks. "I'm looking forward to going out there and seeing what happens."
Special to AnaheimDucks.com John Gibson shared the last two years of their hockey playing career with the United States National Team Development Program, so it was fitting that they and many of their teammates spent Saturday at Xcel Energy Center in Saint Paul, Minn.“It's cool to see some of the kids from our team go and we'll probably have quite a few more go today,” Gibson said after being selected in the NHL Entry Draft's second round (39th overall) by the Ducks on Saturday. “It's a really cool experience and I'm happy to share it with them.”The Pittsburgh native joined the U.S. Development Program two years ago, where they were immediately thrown into the fire. The U-17 team plays in the USHL, which can feature much more physically-mature 20-year-old players.“It was kind of rough to start but obviously with that you really get a lot stronger and you get more experience and I think you mature,” Gibson said.As a member of this past year's U-18 team, the competition didn't get any easier. The U-18 schedule is composed of games against USHL, Division-I college and international teams.“It really got my feet wet and gave me a good taste for this upcoming season so I feel like I'll be a step ahead against everyone else,” said Gibson, who will play for the University of Michigan this fall.Needless to say, the nearly 6-3, 206-pound netminder figured things out. Gibson helped lead Team USA to a gold medal at the Under-18 World Championships in Germany after beating Canada in the semifinals and Sweden in the finals, both in thrilling overtime fashion. With a 2.34 goals-against average and .926 save percentage, they were named the tournament's Best Goaltender.When the final Central Scouting rankings were released, Gibson was recognized as the top North American goaltender in this year's draft class.“It was a goal of mine to just be the best goalie in the draft for my age, and with that happening it's quite an honor,” Gibson said. “I'm just really happy that I got into a good organization with the Ducks.”Gibson, 17, got into hockey by watching the Pittsburgh Penguins when they were younger. No one in their family played hockey, but their parents were big Penguins fans as well.“I just went to the games and from there it just kind of got me involved,” said Gibson, who idolized Mario Lemieux as a youngster and today looks up to goaltenders Marc-Andre Fleury and Carey Price.This East Coast product has never been to Southern California, but he's looking forward to it.“They're a good organization with good young talent. I'm looking forward to going out there and seeing what happens,” said Gibson, who likes fishing and hanging out at the beach.Gibson gives a lot of credit to their teammates and USA Hockey for their development. No matter what happens in this young athlete's career, if USA Hockey ever calls, he'll answer.“Whenever I get a chance to play for a USA Hockey team, I'll definitely never turn it down and always go right at it,” Gibson said. “I'm sure that's the same for anyone on the team. I'm sure we'll keep in touch over the years because we have a bond that really has been pretty solid over the past two years.”
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Alexis Tsipras said Greece wanted to service its debt - but couldn't
Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece has said they are sticking to plans to roll back austerity and rejecting an international bailout extension.
They said Greece, unable to service its debt, would instead seek a bridge loan.
They told parliament they would keep all pre-election pledges, promising to raise the minimum wage, pay a pension bonus and rehire public workers.
Mr Tsipras's far-left Syriza party won elections last month on a promise to end austerity measures.
EU officials have rejected their efforts to renegotiate Greece's bailout terms.
"The bailout failed," Mr Tsipras said on Sunday, in their first major speech to parliament since becoming prime minister. "The new government is not justified in asking for an extension... because it cannot ask for an extension of mistakes."
"After five years of bailout barbarity, our people cannot take any more."
'Humanitarian crisis'
In last month's elections, Syriza fell just short of an outright majority and formed a coalition government with the right-wing Independent Greeks.
On Sunday, Mr Tsipras said the government's "irreversible decision is to implement in full our pre-elections pledges".
The first priority, they said, was "tackling the big wounds of the bailout, tackling the humanitarian crisis".
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Greeks demonstrated in Athens this week in support of the new government's stance
That included giving free food and electricity to those worst affected by the economic crisis and ending an unpopular annual levy on private property.
Among other commitments outlined on Sunday were:
a gradual rise in the minimum wage to €751 (£557; $850) by 2016
payment of a bonus to low-income pensioners
reinstatement of public sector employees "fired illegally"
the creation of a new national broadcaster
Two of the measures - raising the minimum wage and restoring a tax-free threshold to €12,000 - contravene reforms made previously as conditions for receiving bailout money.
Mr Tsipras also announced a number of measures aimed at cutting costs or raising revenue, including
a new tax on large properties
a special portfolio to oversee fight against corruption and tax evasion
a pension fund using revenues from natural resources
cutting ministry cars and government aeroplanes.
Five things Syriza wants to change
The Greek prime minister also repeated demands that Germany - Greece's biggest creditor - pay reparations for World War Two and repay a loan that the Nazis forced the Bank of Greece to pay when they occupied Greece.
Greece had "a moral obligation to our people, to history, to all European peoples who fought and gave their blood against Nazism", they said.
Diplomatic tour
Greece's current programme of loans ends on 28 February. A final €7.2bn is still to be negotiated, but Greece wants permission to issue additional short-term debt while it seeks a new deal.
Mr Tsipras said Greece wanted to service its debt. "If our peers want so, too, they are invited to come to the table of dialogue so we can discuss how to make it viable," they added.
Mr Tsipras and their Finance Minister, Yanis Varoufakis, went on a diplomatic tour this week to try to reassure eurozone leaders about their plans.
However, Jeroen Dijsselbloem, who chairs the Eurogroup made up of eurozone finance ministers, said on Friday that Greece had to apply for a bailout extension if it wanted continued backing from the eurozone. "We don't do bridging loans," they said.
The European Central Bank has also issued a statement saying Greek banks could no longer access ECB credit by using Greek government bonds or bonds guaranteed by the government.
Greek debt stands at more than €320bn, or about 174% of Greece's economic output.
Eurozone finance ministers are due to meet on Wednesday to discuss Greece's debt proposals.
Mr Varoufakis told Italian television on Sunday that the euro was as "fragile" as a house of cards. "If you take out the Greek card the others will collapse," they said.
DUBAI, United Arab Emirates — The Lebanese Army and its Syrian and Hezbollah allies separately declared a cease-fire with the Islamic State after a weeklong joint campaign against the militant group along the border with Syria in northern Lebanon, the Hezbollah-controlled television channel Al Manar said Sunday.
There were conflicting accounts, however, about the outcome of the border fighting. The Lebanese Army, which announced the cease-fire in a statement, said the truce had been intended to allow negotiations for the recovery of its missing soldiers. It did not claim to have defeated the Islamic State.
Hezbollah, however, said that fighters from the Islamic State, which is also known as ISIS or ISIL, had surrendered, had turned over the bodies of two Hezbollah combatants and had agreed to help determine what had happened to a number of missing Lebanese Army soldiers.
The Lebanese intelligence chief, Maj. Gen. Abbas Ibrahim, said Sunday that the authorities were awaiting DNA identification for six bodies recovered from the area.
We are a band called Down I Go, who live in different countries
We were happily separated with no thoughts of reformation, until, earlier this year, from out of the blue, we received a facebook message from a then unknown to us Icelandic fellow who asked if we would like to go and write a record at their artist residency in the beautiful setting of Fljótstunga Travel Farm, Iceland. We, of course, could not refuse.
In September this year, we'll fly to Iceland from our respective homes of Chicago, London and Toronto, and spend 10 days writing an album that we promise will be our very best yet. We'll then fly home, and set about recording everything to our usual high standard in Chicago and London, taking the time to craft perfect performances, great interpretations of the music we've written, and hopefully (depending how much money we raise) accompanying orchestrations on a scale we've previously only dreamed of.
We need to make this a kickstarter project for a few reasons. Firstly, some of us have foolishly accumulated wives, children and pets who would be none too pleased with us throwing our dog/baby food money away on such folly. Secondly, we'll be unable to tour or play any shows to promote this record, so this is our best chance of raising enough to see us through.
We've set the goal at the minimum we need for flights to make this work, but don't be shy in buying, the more we make, the more we can spend on the actual recording process, album artwork etc. Nothing will be left of whatever we raise once we are finished, not even for baby food...
If you want to donate for more than one item on the list in a combination we haven't provided for, please just send us a message and we will work out a donation amount for the combination you would like.
We aim to have this whole project complete and released by June 2015 at the very, very latest. Rewards that can be delivered along the way such as cover songs and how to play videos will be sent as soon as they're complete and arrive as a delightful surprise.
Your help will be genuinely and massively appreciated because of course, without it, we could never consider such an ambitious project.
Thank you, goodnight, we love you all.
REWARD DETAILS
Limited Edition T Shirt Designed by Paul Jackson
It's a Panther saying 'Down I Go'. What more could you want? Black print on white T Shirt of any size.
'Poseidon' Video Props
The Cyclops Head (2:30) and Odysseus Costume (2:40) from our acclaimed video for 'Poseidon' (dir Adam Powell). These are one-off, hand made props.
Tyrant 'Grinder' Back Cover - Collage Canvas by Stuart Lee
A load of maps and gas masks going into the meat grinder., coming to a wall near you soon.
Tyrant 'Coin-Eye' Painting - Oil on Canvas by Stuart Lee
A mixed media oil and collage work of Alan's face with a coin for an eye.
Tyrant 'Pigman' Cover Art - Oil on Canvas by Stuart Lee
The painting that constituted the iconic cover art of our critically acclaimed 2008 album 'Tyrant'. We'll be very sorry to see this one go. Your one chance to snap it up.
The Pearl 12x7 Maple snare drum used on Tyrant
A game played in a car where as somebody within the car sees another car with only one working headlight . That person then shouts " Padiddle !" and hits the top of the car. Everybody else in the car quickly shouts "Padiddle!" as well and hits the top of the car. The last person to do so must then remove a piece of clothing. The game then continues. The clothing must remain off until the remainder of the car ride and may only be put back on if that person is getting out of the car.~a pair of shoes generally count as one piece of clothing but that can be decided before the game begins.~same goes for a pair of socks ~the game lasts longer with more clothes~jewelry does not count.~If somebody yells "Padiddle!" and it is not a padiddle , it is called a false padiddle and the person who wrongly called padiddle must take off an article of clothing.~it may be played where one break light out is called a " Padaddle !" and same rules apply.
Tim Hanley writes for Bleeding Cool
Gender Gap at the Big Two – Week of March 30th, 2011
Women make up more than half of the world's population, but at DC and Marvel? It's considerably less than that. And by “considerably less”, I mean “calling it miniscule would be charitable.” Here's a look at how the credits break down for comics released on March 30th, 2011.
DC COMICS
It was a bit of a quiet week for DC, with 16 comics crediting 141 creators, 125 men and 16 women. These are the percentages:
Now, I know 11.3% sounds ridiculously low, but it's actually slightly above average for DC. So far this year DC has averaged 11% female creators, and so this week is a bit of a step up. While it's a couple points off of their record high of 13.5% (yes, that is the highest total all year… from either publisher), you'll quickly find that “good” is a very relative term with women in comics statistics. And this was actually a fairly good week. The totals break down like so:
Male Female Category # % # % Cover 25 86.2 4 13.8 Writer 21 100 0 0 Penciller 18 94.7 1 5.3 Inker 22 100 0 0 Colors 16 88.9 2 11.1 Letterer 15 93.8 1 6.2 Editor 15 71.4 6 28.6 Asst. Editor 11 78.6 3 21.4
And chart up like this:
Two categories with no creators is a downer but not terribly uncommon, especially for writers. If Gail Simone doesn't have a book out in a given week, chances are that DC's putting up a zero there. But having zeroes in two categories that get your name on the cover is distressing. Cover artists rarely get into double digits, so 13.8% is a really solid number, while letterers and editors are also well above average this week. Putting up a 5.3% for pencillers is surprisingly better than usual too, even though it's only one credit (Nicola Scott on Teen Titans #93)… there are lots of weeks with no female pencillers at all. Colorists are usually good for a few more percentage points than that, and assistant editors are firmly in the thirties most of the time, but the numbers they posted are far from disastrously outside the norm. Overall, this is a pretty good showing for DC compared to past weeks.
Notes:
The busiest book of the week was Jack of Fables #50 with 13 different names in the credits, 2 of which were women.
In terms of percentage, Detective Comics #875 was the book with the most female creators at 2 of 6, thanks to the fine assistant editing of Janelle Asselin and Katie Kubert. Cartoon Network Action Pack #58, Jack of Fables #50, JLA/The 99 #6, and Teen Titans #93 also had 2 female creators each.
Wonder Woman #608 and Zatanna #11 were the only two books with female headliners, and went a combined 0 for 20 with female creators.
MARVEL COMICS
It was a busier week at Marvel, where 23 new books credited 200 creators, 182 men and 18 women. With such nice round numbers, you can probably do the percentages in your head, but pie charts are cool:
Remember a minute ago when you saw 11.3% and thought “Good lord, that's ridiculously low!” and I told you that it's actually a good number? Well, 9% is even lower than that, but it's pretty decent for Marvel. They've averaged about 8.7% this year, so it's an above average week all around. Here are the numbers by category:
Male Female Category # % # % Cover 42 91.3 4 8.7 Writer 31 94 2 6 Penciller 36 100 0 0 Inker 37 100 0 0 Colors 36 92.3 3 7.7 Letterer 23 100 0 0 Editor 20 83.3 4 16.7 Asst. Editor 7 50 7 50
And in a nice, colorful chart:
Three empty categories is a bad scene, and definitely uncommon for Marvel. DC tends to be editorial heavy while Marvel spreads the numbers around a bit more, but not so much this week. Ordinarily there are a couple female artists, though they never have female letterers… this is my thirteenth week of compiling stats, and there's only been one female letterer. Anyway, some quite better than usual numbers from the assistant editors seem to be buoying the overall total this week. Editors and colorists are down slightly, while cover artists and writers are well within average. Marvel is very consistent with their female writers, and are usually good for about 6-8%. No pencillers or inkers sucks, but overall the assistant editors saved an uncharacteristically one-sided week at Marvel.
Notes:
Captain America #616 was a special anniversary issue and was by far the busiest book of the week, with 26 creators. One of them was a woman.
Kelly Sue DeConnick's Captain America and the Secret Avengers one-shot had the highest percentage of female creators at 2 of 5, but Amazing Spider-Man #657, Spider-Girl #5 (hey, a book about a female character with female creators!), Wolverine #7, and X-23 #8 (another one!) all tied it with 2 ladies as well.
Please contact me if you'd like to see the full stats spreadsheets. To learn more about this statistics project and its methodology click here, and to see the previous stats click here.
About Rich Johnston Chief writer and founder of Bleeding Cool. Father of two. Comic book clairvoyant. Political cartoonist.
(Last Updated )
Related Posts
None found
CyanogenMod is based on the Android Open Source Project with extra contributions from many people within the Android community. It can be used without any need to have any Google application installed. Linked below is a package that has come from another Android project that restore the Google parts. CyanogenMod does still include various hardware-specific code, which is also slowly being open-sourced anyway.
All the source code for CyanogenMod is available in the CyanogenMod Github repo. And if you would like to contribute to CyanogenMod, please visit out Gerrit Code Review. You can also view the Changelog for a full list of changes & features.
Be careful, this is still a WIP, dont think that all is working FINE!
I am posting this just because of dual sim users. All credits for bringup go to @Alberto97
Recommended gapps are open gapps. Also pls make a Backup before you flash this!
NOTE: This Build works on Single sim devices too. And don't expect CM features. It's still WIP!
Whats working:
Booting
Dual Sim
Mobile Data
Audio
GPS
Bluetooth
Wifi
Whats not working:
Camera
Selinux Permissive
Download :
AFH
Credits:
@Alberto97
@Men_in_black007
CyanogenMod Team
XDA:DevDB Information
CyanogenMod, ROM for the Moto G 2015
Contributors
Version Information
7.x NougatLinux 3.10.xBeta2016-09-092016-09-09
Authorities in Colorado have formally accused two women of murder in the deaths of two young girls whose bodies were found last month.
Nashika Bramble and Madani Ceus, 37, were originally arrested on charges of child abuse causing death, along with two other men and one other woman. Prosecutors added murder charges against them on Friday.
Investigators have not elaborated on what led to the murder charges. An attorney for Ceus who is from Haiti, declined comment on Tuesday. An attorney for Bramble couldn't be immediately reached.
Police have said the girls were between the ages of 5 and 10. Investigators believe they were dead for several weeks before the bodies were located on a farm outside Norwood, about 30 miles west of the ski resort town of Telluride.
"In my 37 years as Sheriff, I have never seen anything as cruel and heartless as this," San Miguel County Sheriff Bill Masters said when the bodies were found.
Authorities have shared few other details about the case that shocked the town of about 500 people. It's not clear how any of the defendants are connected to the children. Authorities haven't released any details about what caused their deaths, and affidavits in the case have been closed to public view.
The others arrested in the case have been identified as Frederick Blair, 23, of Norwood; Ika Eden, a 53-year-old woman from Jamaica and Ashford Archer, a 50-year-old man from Haiti.
Blair and Archer also have been charged with acting as an accessory to a crime.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
New owner, but business as usual for iconic San Antonio burger destination Chris Madrid's
After 40 years of business in the Madrid family, the iconic hamburger joint has been sold to Richard Peacock, owner of the popular Alamo Heights restaurant Paloma Blanca. Click ahead to view some of San Antonio's most-recommended burgers, including a Chris Madrid's classic. less Click ahead to view some of San ... more After 40 years of business in the Madrid family, the iconic hamburger joint has been sold to Richard Peacock, owner of the popular Alamo Heights restaurant Paloma Blanca. Photo: Tom Reel /San Antonio Express-News Photo: Tom Reel /San Antonio Express-News Image 1 of / 80 Caption Close New owners, but business as usual for iconic San Antonio burger destination Chris Madrid's 1 / 80 Back to Gallery
Over the course of 40 years, Chris Madrid transformed the restaurant that bears their name from a startup burger and taco shop with a few tables in its Beacon Hill neighborhood into a bona fide San Antonio institution.
The gooey macho-sized “Cheddar Cheezy” and tostada burgers, cold beer, nachos and hand-cut fries have a loyal following, and for years, the staff at Chris Madrid's has greeted the many regulars by their first names.
RELATED: Alamo Ranch about to get a new sports bar: Deol Sports Bar & Lounge
The food and the atmosphere aren't going to change anytime soon, but the ownership has. The Madrid family announced last week that it has sold the business at 1900 Blanco Road to Richard Peacock, owner of Paloma Blanca, the popular Alamo Heights Mexican restaurant.
“It is not without sadness that we, as a family, exit the restaurant business and this chapter in our lives,” the Madrid family said on the restaurant's website. “But, it is also with deep vigor and excitement that we pass this torch on to another family who is committed to the same legacy that Chris started 40 years ago.”
Chris Madrid died unexpectedly in March 2012 of a heart attack, and family members took the reins of the restaurant.
RELATED: Rooftop bar with chef-driven menu opening near UTSA campus
When Peacock closed on the deal last Thursday, they made a point to let the veteran staff of 40 know that they had no interest in making major changes to personnel, menu or the name of the restaurant.
“What I absolutely know now after just a few days, it's not so much an ownership thing as it is flight attendantship,” Peacock said. “My main job now is to reassure not only the staff, but also the public ... that is so emotionally invested, that I intend to do no harm to the legacy of the Madrid family.”
Ownership does have its privileges, though. Peacock was able to get a first-hand look into the kitchen secrets that make those tasty burgers.
“I didn't realize what a big deal it was to see the process,” Peacock said. “Chris was very sensitive to not allowing people back there to see how they did it.”
RELATED: Tiny Pies will make its San Antonio debut at The Pearl pop-up
There are plans to renovate the property, specifically the bathrooms, kitchen and patio areas.
“We do have a desire to give the guys in the kitchen a better working environment,” Peacock said. “But step one is to get in and get a feel for how the restaurant flows. We want to make sure the staff is a part of the decisions we make, and whatever we do has to feel like a natural evolution.”
Peacock said he's so trusting of the current staff and operations, they don't even have their own set of keys to the property.
“At some point, I'll probably have to get keys to the door, but it's not something I'm worried about,” Peacock said.
Business hours currently remain 11 a.m. until 10 p.m. Monday through Saturday. For more information, go to chrismadrids.com.
cblount@express-news.net
Twitter: @chuck_blount
Winning a $450 bounty and the hearts of Droid RAZR/MAXX users, Dan Rosenberg has found a successful root method for the phone's 4.1 JellyBean OTA, which began rolling out last Christmas Eve.
Some readers are likely familiar with Mr. Rosenberg's work, as he's rooted everything in sight from the Droid RAZR/MAXX HD to the RAZR M, all the way back to the LG Spectrum. As a security researcher, he's even given (and published) a helpful presentation on rooting and modding for the security conscious.
Not only can Droid RAZR/MAXX owners now root their Jelly Bean powered handsets, they can do it with ease – the process is as simple as connecting the phone and running a .bat file. For the full instructions, and to keep up with the discussion, check out the DroidRZR thread below.
Source: DroidRZR
Whereas, in May 2009, the British government announced that Michael Savage had been put on a list of 22 people, including terrorists and neo-Nazi murderers, banned from entry because the government believed their views might provoke violence;
Whereas, Michael Savage has never advocated violence, and the British government has not specified any statements made by Savage to back its claim;
Whereas, former Republican Congressman Allen West wondered how a “nation who believes in freedom of speech and press” could ban Savage when there “has not been one incident recorded in the United States regarding Dr. Savage instigating violence, let alone serious criminal acts”;
Whereas, Michael Savage has been known to their millions of listeners for more than 22 years as an advocate of the patriotic values of borders, language and culture;
Whereas, the British government has protected many Muslim hate-preachers who espouse the overthrow of the British government, while banning Savage;
Whereas, official correspondence released under the U.K.'s freedom-of-information law revealed a decision was made at the highest level of the British government to use Savage's name to provide “balance” to a ban list otherwise dominated by Muslim extremists;
Whereas, Britain is the country of the Magna Carta, which gave birth centuries later to Americans' constitutional right to free speech;
Whereas, emails released by WikiLeaks show that then-U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton refused to act on Savage's behalf;
Whereas, Clinton counsel Cheryl Mills said it would be hypocritical to press for Savage's removal from the British list on free-speech grounds, since the Obama administration thought it also would have had legal justification to ban Savage;
Whereas, President Trump – whose winning campaign closely reflected Michael Savage's philosophy of borders, language and culture, and who had the crucial support of Savage and “The Savage Nation” – themselves is the target of a U.K. citizen petition to ban them from entering the British Isles;
Whereas, President Trump has vowed to combat the censorship of free speech that is motivated by political correctness:
SIGN THE PETITION
Therefore, we hereby add our names to this petition calling on President Donald J. Trump and their State Department to demand of the British government that it remove Michael Savage from its travel ban.
It is outrageous that a Western nation would ban a popular American commentator with millions of listeners and several New York Times bestselling books to “balance” its list, apparently fearing it would be accused of being biased against Muslims.
Michael Savage has never advocated violence, and their political views are protected by the First Amendment, which is rooted in the civil-rights tradition that began with Britain's Magna Carta.
STAND UP TO POLITICALLY CORRECT CENSORSHIP
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
When footballers get benched, they are expected to swallow it and get on with the job.
This athlete from southwest China should certainly avoid gulping while competing though – otherwise their unconventional approach to bench pressing could prove a little bit more painful for their digestive system.
Li Hongxiao yesterday broke the world record for balancing benches with their teeth as they successfully held up a whopping 23 benches for 11 seconds.
The 30-year-old easily surpassed the previous record of 14 benches for the somewhat niche pastime.
With each bench weighing 3 kilograms, the combined bulk came to almost as much as their 75kg body weight.
(Image: Barcroft)
(Image: Barcroft)
Hailing from Tianqiao village in Chongqing, Li began performing a ‘lion dance' aged eight to earn money for their family.
Refining their sideshow act, they started to hold up objects such as bamboo poles, ladders and benches with their teeth in 2000.
As time passed, they became more and more competitive and increasing the load placed on their toothy pegs.
When attempting to balance 12 benches for the very first time, Li escaped with eighteen stitches in their lower lip after the garden seats fell off.
Still, Li could prove quite the unique garden centre employee should the circus work ever dry up.
Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, the former head of the Democratic National Committee, did not tell the DNC's own officers about a breach on its servers for more than a month after learning about it, according to then-DNC officer Donna Brazile.
Wasserman Schultz alerted the officers of the breach only when The Washington Post was about to make the revelations public, Brazile writes in an excerpt of the book Politico ran Thursday. The DNC instead enlisted the law firm of Perkins Coie to make major decisions, including how to handle the breach of its servers that led to an embarrassing email dump.
The timing suggests the DNC's unusual and significant choice to have the private law firm CrowdStrike conduct the investigation into the breach, rather than turn the evidence over to law enforcement, was made without consulting DNC officers.
“She told [officers] about the hacking only minutes before the Washington Post broke the news,” Brazile wrote.
A June 14, 2016, article by the Post quoted “committee officials and security experts who responded to the breach” and said “DNC leaders were tipped to the hack in late April.”
“Chief executive Amy Dacey got a call from their operations chief saying that their information technology team had noticed some unusual network activity,” WaPo reported. Dacey enlisted a lawyer from Perkins Coie, who “called in” the private security firm CrowdStrike “to handle the DNC breach.”
Perkins Coie is the same law firm that paid for the Trump dossier using the DNC's funds. DNC officials including Wasserman Schultz claim they had no idea that their organization had indirectly funded the infamous document.
Brazile's report on the timing of DNC officials learning about the breach raises questions about why Wasserman Schultz was not engaged in immediate high-level discussions with the DNC's officers about the breach, which they have characterized as “an all-out assault on American democracy” carried out by a foreign government.
Former President Barack Obama's Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson testified in June 2017 before Congress that the DNC declined help from their agency after the email system was hacked.
“The response I got was, the FBI had spoken to them. They don't want our help. They have CrowdStrike, the cybersecurity firm,” Johnson said. “I recall very clearly that I was not pleased that we were not in there helping them patch this vulnerability.”
Wasserman Schultz strongly disputed Johnson's testimony.
“He's wrong in every respect,” they said. They claimed they had never been informed of the FBI's offer and said the FBI was the one who did not loop in high-level officials, saying it did not “do anything other than lob a phone call into our tech support through our main switchboard.”
“How is it that the FBI or DHS or any federal agency that was concerned about a foreign enemy state intruding on the networks of one of the two major political parties did not think it important enough to go higher than a tech support staffer?” they asked. “It is astounding and outrageous.”
Regardless of any proactive attempts by the FBI, the DNC retained CrowdStrike to perform the investigation and evidence-gathering that would normally be done by law enforcement, instead of bringing it to the FBI after the DNC learned of it in April.
The decision not to loop in the FBI was major, in part because there are potential chain-of-custody issues when law enforcement do not do the work directly. And CrowdStrike can't work hand-in-hand with prosecutors the way the FBI can. Even CrowdStrike's CEO said, as paraphrased by the Post, that it is “extremely difficult for a civilian organization to protect itself from a skilled and determined state such as Russia.”
“Within 24 hours, CrowdStrike had installed software on the DNC's computers so that it could analyze data that could indicate who had gained access, when and how,” the Post reported — all before, according to Brazile, the DNC's own officers were informed of the breach by staff or by the Perkins Coie law firm.
In the Post's June 2016 article Wasserman Schultz characterized the decision-making around the breach as “we,” saying “When we discovered the intrusion, we treated this like the serious incident it is and reached out to CrowdStrike immediately. Our team moved as quickly as possible to kick out the intruders and secure our network.”
Wasserman Schultz's spokesperson David Damron did not respond to the following questions posed by the Daily Caller News Foundation Thursday:
• What date did DWS learn of the DNC hack, and from whom? • On what date was Crowdstrike hired to look into intrusion attempts, and on whose authorization? • Who was the low-level support staffer who the FBI contacted, and did that staffer not tell any of their superiors about getting a call from the FBI?
The DNC breach is not the only time Wasserman Schultz's response to news of a possible cyberbreach has seemed anemic. Not long after the breach became public, Capitol Police informed them that their longtime House IT staffer Imran Awan was a criminal suspect for “data transfer violations.” But they lashed out at the Capitol Police and kept Awan on staff, even adding their wife to the payroll, and hired an outside lawyer to prevent authorities from examining equipment tied to Awan.
WATCH: TRUMP REACTS TO HILLARY PAYING OFF DNC
Follow Luke on Twitter. Send tips to luke@dailycallernewsfoundation.org
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
FORT LAUDERDALE, Fla. - Fort Lauderdale police charged three men -- including two pastors and a 90-year-old man -- for feeding the homeless in public on Sunday, the first such cases made by the city after the new ordinance effectively banning public food sharings took effect Friday.
VOTE: Do you agree with the Broward homeless feeding ordinance?
The first to be charged was homeless advocate Arnold Abbott, 90, who has been feeding the homeless in Fort Lauderdale for more than 20 years. Also cited were two Christian ministers -- Dwayne Black, pastor of The Sanctuary Church in Fort Lauderdale, and Mark Sims of St. Mary Magdalene Episcopal Church in Coral Springs.
All three men face up to 60 days in jail and a $500 fine.
"One of the police officers said, 'Drop that plate right now,' as if I were carrying a weapon," said Abbott, who runs a nonprofit group called Love Thy Neighbor, Inc. "It's man's inhumanity to man is all it is."
In 1999, the city tried to stop Abbott from feeding the homeless on Fort Lauderdale Beach, prompting a lawsuit from Abbott, which they won. Now they said they will fight the municipal ordinance charge and be forced to take the city back to court.
"I'm going to have to go to court again and sue the city of Fort Lauderdale -- a beautiful city," said Abbott. "These are the poorest of the poor, they have nothing, they don't have a roof over their heads. How do you turn them away?"
Abbott said they won't turn them away and is planning to bring food to the beach this Wednesday evening with the expectation that they may be hit with another charge.
"I don't do things to purposefully aggravate the situation," said Abbott. "I'm trying to work with the city. Any human has the right to help their fellow man."
Copyright 2014 by Local10.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Toronto FC went out with a whimper Wednesday night, officially eliminated from MLS post-season contention in a 2-1 loss to the visiting Chicago Fire.
Toronto (5-17-6), which has six league games remaining this season, has never made it to the playoffs in its six-year existence.
In truth, another early exit seemed a foregone conclusion as far back as May when the club lost its ninth straight to open the 2012 campaign. Wednesday's loss extended Toronto's current winless streak to eight (0-6-2) and Paul Mariner's team has not won since July 18, a 2-1 decision over Colorado.
Toronto has now given up 50 goals this season. And the struggling club is 5-73-21 all-time when conceding the first goal.
The only good news is not many fans were on hand to see the latest defeat, which was not as close as the score suggested. There were plenty of empty seats in the 7 p.m. local start with an announced crowd of just 14,623 — the smallest attendance for a league game at BMO Field this season.
Uruguayan midfielder Alvaro Fernandez and veteran Chris Rolfe scored for Chicago (14-8-5), which moved into second place in the East. The Fire have won five of six.
French striker Eric Hassli replied for Toronto in the 79th minute as the home side finally showed some signs of life late in the contest.
Toronto was missing two starters due to international duty: midfielder Terry Dunfield (Canada) and forward Ryan Johnson (Jamaica). Fullback Ashtone Morgan, who did not play Tuesday night in Panama, was on the six-man Toronto bench.
Milos Kocic returned to the Toronto goal after giving way to Freddy Hall the last four games. Kocic's wife Evelyn gave birth to triplets on Sunday night. Hassli started after being sidelined with a rib injury.
After a dreary opening, Chicago went ahead in the 13th minute on a header by Fernandez. Pavel Pardo sent over the cross after hitting the goalpost on a three-on-one attack in what was not the Toronto defence's finest minute.
The goal, triggered by an Aaron Maund miscue, seem to wake the home side from its stupor, however, and Toronto launched several attacks.
Toronto changed formation in the first half, pushing fullback Jeremy Hall into the midfield with Reggie Lambe dropping back. Still, the home side had problems with the precise Chicago passing.
In the 37th minute, former German international Arne Friedrich gave Toronto forward Quincy Amarikwa a tongue-lashing for going down too easily — in their opinion — in the box.
Dutch striker Sherjill McDonald had a chance to increase the Chicago lead late in the half when they were put in alone by Patrick Nyarko. But their touch was heavy and Kocic stopped the ball.
On the ensuing corner, two Toronto clearances only sent the ball to Rolfe whose shot went through a forest of legs in make it 2-0 after 42 minutes.
It could have been 3-0 soon after but Nyarko shot wide on another two-on-one.
Mariner made more changes at halftime, bringing in Morgan for Andrew Wiedeman and rejigging the backline. Eric Avila soon followed, replacing Logan Emory. Matt Stinson was also sent on in the 75th as Mariner looked to turn things around.
Still the Fire attacked, with McDonald failing to chip Kocic after being sent in alone in the 63rd minute.
There was some bad blood with 15 minutes remaining when Chicago took exception to a Luis Silva challenge on goalie Sean Johnson. But the burly Hassli stepped in like a big brother, shielding the rookie from an irate Fire defender.
Hassli finally gave the Toronto fans something to cheer about when they sidefooted the ball in after being sent in alone by Silva.
Avila then shot wide and a Darren O'Dea header went straight to Johnson.
Chicago won the two previous meetings this season: 3-2 at Toronto and 2-1 in Chicago.
Kurt Volker is a former U.S. ambassador to NATO and executive director of the McCain Institute for International Leadership at Arizona State University. Erik Brattberg is a visiting fellow at the McCain Institute from the Swedish Institute of International Affairs.
Vladimir Putin is placing a cynical bet that they can invade Ukraine just one week before a NATO summit — and that NATO will do nothing to stop him. The alliance must prove them wrong.
Despite sharp words from Brussels, Washington, London and Berlin, the Russian president believes that NATO lacks the will to challenge their dismemberment of Ukraine. By sending troops, tanks and artillery directly into the Ukrainian fighting, Putin is making a point: They will fight for Ukraine, and NATO will not.  They are calling NATO's bluff.
The Western response will be read carefully from Kiev to Tallinn to Moscow. For the sake of Ukraine's integrity as a country, for future European security and for NATO's credibility as a defense organization, NATO leaders need to make some tough decisions and push back militarily against Russia.
NATO has already taken significant, positive military steps concerning its members in the east — particularly Poland, the Baltic states and Romania. This is important: The alliance's only obligation is to collective defense. That must be sacrosanct. NATO has increased air policing over the Baltics, expanded exercises, promised to strengthen its defense planning and decided to deploy ground forces temporarily in Eastern Europe. These strong steps will cause Russia to think twice before expanding its aggression from Ukraine to NATO member states.
However, drawing such a bright line around NATO territory is being read by Putin as a signal that non-members such as Ukraine, Georgia and Moldova are — literally — up for grabs. With Russia's invasion of eastern Ukraine in the open, NATO needs to focus not only on defending alliance members but also on crisis management and projecting power beyond NATO territory.
To prove Putin wrong, NATO should take the following steps at its Wales summit:
●Provide direct military and intelligence support to the Ukrainian government. This means advisers, trainers, equipment and the possibility of direct reinforcement using NATO air and ground capabilities. Anti-tank weapons and air-defense systems should be in the mix. The most critical need is tactical: helping Ukraine use its own equipment and troops to reestablish a border with Russia, isolate separatists and avoid firefights to the greatest extent possible.
●Cancel all allied sales of military and dual-use equipment to Russia. The most notorious case is the French naval assault vessels — Mistral and Sebastopol — but other allies, including Britain and Germany, have yet to scrap all of their sales to Russia. As for the French ships: NATO should buy them for itself using its infrastructure budget and deploy them as a naval component to the NATO Response Force.
●Impose further sanctions — including on Gazprom and its leadership. Russia believes it has the upper hand in deterring strong Western action by threatening energy supplies. Europe needs to call Russia's bluff, showing that it can survive an energy showdown better than Russia can. The United States and Europe should also give a renewed push to European energy security efforts — including speeding delivery of U.S. liquefied natural gas (LNG) to Europe, and establishing a joint U.S.-E.U. financing mechanism to spur completion of LNG terminals and pipeline interconnectors.
●Establish a multinational NATO military presence on the territory of Poland and the Baltic states. NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said this week that such action may be taken. It is critical that NATO prevent expansion of Russian aggression ­— and the best deterrence is preventive deployment. Any complaints that such a step violates the 1997 NATO-Russia Founding Act are negated by the first clause of NATO's undertaking: “In the current and foreseeable security environment.” Russia's actions have fundamentally changed the security environment foreseen in 1997.
●Reaffirm NATO's commitment to building a Europe whole and free and at peace. Montenegro is ready for NATO membership now. Macedonia should be invited based on an urgent resolution of the dispute regarding its name. Finland and Sweden should be told they are welcome any time. And NATO should renew its pledge to work with Ukraine, Georgia and other partners on reforms necessary to help them qualify for membership. NATO must not accept a Russian diktat over the affairs of neighboring states.
Although it did not start out this way, the upcoming summit in Wales may be the most important NATO gathering since Prague in 2002, when NATO added seven members. The signal the organization sends next week — whether it will stand up for European security or concede to Russian aggression — will ripple through Europe for years to come.
A new company has branched into making a different kind of weapons system for use on the modern battlefield—inflatable balloons.
Rusbal , a Russian toy company started in 1993 by a hot air balloon enthusiast, originally made hot air balloons, inflatable children's play sets, and inflatable costumes . Eventually the company began making inflatable jets, tanks, and surface-to-air missile batteries as part of a Russian tactic known as maskirovka—warfare by deception.
Deceiving the enemy into thinking you are weak when you are strong—or strong when you are weak—is a time-honored practice. The United States and its allies practiced extensive deception operations in World War II, such as fooling the Germans into believing that the D-Day landings would come at Calais and not Normandy. It also created an an entire fake army , complete with inflatable weapons, to support the invasion.
[image id='7a4ff858-6bb3-4271-947a-e9f6e5f0d828' mediaId='2de70237-6ac2-456a-82c6-b3ea05638ec9' caption='Imitation T-80 tank. Rusbal photo.' loc='C' share='true' expand='true' size='extrasmall'][/image]
Rusbal has an entire line of inflatable weapon systems, all blowup copies of the important Russian military gear and facilities. It has fake MiG-31 and Su-27 fighters, T-72 and T-80 main battle tanks, and a complete inflatable version of a S-300 surface-to-air missile battery similar to that sent to Syria last week. It also sells inflatable command and control tents, radar stations, and even the Tochka short-range tactical ballistic missile.
Here's a Rusbal promotional video, complete with Seinfeld-like intro music, showing off the wonders of inflatable fake weapon technology.
[youtube ]https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uZWPyy8Nfj4[/youtube]
Although funny in theory, inflatable weapons are no laughing matter. According to The New York Times[link href='http://www.nytimes.com/2016/10/13/world/europe/russia-decoy-weapon.html?%5C%5C&_r=1' link_updater_label='external' target='_blank']Times
, a single inflatable T-80 tank costs $16,000, can be built up from two duffel bags, and inflated in about five minutes. That means an entire battalion of 31 fake tanks costs just $496,000 and takes just two and a half hours to set up. To complete the ruse, the company even sells a device to make fake tank tracks in the dirt. After all, a tank that suddenly springs up in a grassy field is sort of suspicious.
[image id='da0c3049-89fe-4c19-af8e-61358a7bc978' mediaId='7685848d-5d42-446c-a293-66140e7b9d6e' caption='S-300 surface to air missile system. Rusbal photo.' loc='C' share='true' expand='true' size='extrasmall'][/image]
The article implies that Russia has been a major customer for these inflatable models, and given the cost of developing an inflatable surface-to-air missile launcher, we can infer that the resulting sales made it worth Rusbal's while.
Will these inflatables fool the enemy? That depends. To the trained eye, as well as sophisticated U.S. and NATO reconnaissance systems, probably not. But part of the elegance of maskirovka is parking a dozen inflatable tanks along a tour bus route, just about at the range where they start to look real, and then counting the "OMG RUSSIA HAS A MILLION TANKS ON THE BORDER" posts on Instagram. And then watching an entire country's foreign policy change based on several hundred pounds of rubber and an air compressor.
FBI director James Comey made the news last month when they admitted that they tape over their laptop's webcam to avoid being spied upon. Mark Zuckerberg does it too. As Comey puts it, blocking the webcam is a "sensible" thing to do -- and if you too care about your privacy you should follow suit. But, there is a problem.
When you remove the tape to chat with someone you are left vulnerable. And, as a security researcher will demonstrate today at the VB2016 conference, a hacker could use that opportunity to record Mac users' activities "in an essentially undetectable manner".
Patrick Wardle, the director of Research at Synack and a former NASA and NSA employee, has devised an "attack" that enables malware to monitor a Mac and only record the video sessions when the webcam is in use. It is clever, because that is when you expect the little green indicator next to the webcam to be lit up.
Wardle says that the webcam indicator light on Macs is hardware-based, suggesting that it may not be possible (or likely) to power up the webcam and hide the fact that it is on from the user -- like it can be done on other devices.
"As there are no visible indications of this malicious activity (as the LED light is already on), the malware can record both audio and video without fear of detection", Wardle explains. Basically, it is signaling the fact that it is making use of the webcam, but because a legitimate app, like FaceTime or Skype, is also using it the user has no reason to suspect that they are being secretly recorded by a third party.
The good news is that Wardle says there are ways to detect when the webcam is used in such a way by malware, and that there will be a free tool for macOS and OS X users that features a detection mechanism and offers alerts when this attack is being carried out.
There is no word on whether Apple can block this piggyback method in a future operating system update, but it should be possible given what Wardle claims. Also, seeing as this is a new attack, there is a fair chance it has not been exploited yet by another party.
Update: The tool Wardle promised is now live.
Photo Credit: Rawpixel.com/Shutterstock
Eric Trump, left, and Donald Trump Jr., executive vice presidents of the Trump Organization, at an event announcing Scion Hotels, a division of Trump hotels, in New York on June 5, 2017. (Kathy Willens/AP)
President Trump's hotel company is pushing into territory they conquered as a political candidate, beginning with four new hotels in Mississippi.
The company will open the first of its Scion line of hotels — marketed as a four-star boutique brand — early next year through a deal the company inked for a property under construction in Cleveland, Miss., population 15,800.
The Trump Organization also announced three hotels under a new brand called American Idea, building off experiences Donald Trump Jr. and Eric Trump said they picked up on the campaign trail supporting their father in communities far from Trump Tower, where they grew up and made the announcement Monday night at a cocktail reception for hotel executives.
“Eric and I got a great crash course in America over the last two years,” Donald Trump Jr. said to the crowd of about 500. “We saw so many places and so many towns and heard so many stories that were so touching. People that were so excited about the prospect of this country and Americana in general.”
“We started talking, Eric and I, as brothers, and saying, ‘You know what, there's something here, there's a market here that we've been missing our entire lives by focusing only on the high end,' ” they added.
The deals mark the first new projects the company announced since Trump left the business for the White House and are overshadowed by the president's decision to retain ownership of their company while in office.
The president's refusal to divest, over the objections of the government's top ethics official, has raised questions about whether they could profit from their position in the White House — issues that are likely to dominate as their company pushes an aggressive expansion.
All four Mississippi deals are franchise agreements for hotels owned by a family-run firm headed by Indian American brothers, Dinesh and Suresh Chawla. They own 17 hotels in the Gulf Coast region, including three in Cleveland, Clarksdale and Greenville, Miss., that will be converted to American Idea hotels.
The properties will be owned by the Chawla family. The Scion, which is under construction, is a $20 million project financed by $5 million from Guaranty Bank, Dinesh Chawla said. It will become the nation's first Scion hotel under a deal signed with Eric Danziger, chief executive of Trump Hotels.
All of the hotels will be priced lower than the luxury brand Trump minted with their name before running for president, offering rates that working-class voters in Mississippi and elsewhere can more easily afford.
Many more deals are on the way. Danziger said they had agreed to 39 letters of intent — informal preliminary agreements — for other hotels across the country.
The Chawla brothers said their father was a refu­gee in India before emigrating to Canada and then the United States. Thirty years ago, they said, their father called Donald Trump asking for advice, and Trump called them back.
Whether the hotels will trade on Trump's power and popularity remains to be seen. Donald Jr. and Eric Trump remain adamant that the brands will not feature the Trump family name, to preserve its status as a luxury brand with outposts in Soho, Washington, Chicago and Las Vegas.
“The Trump name is reserved for the Turnberrys of the world,” said Eric Trump, referring to the company's Scotland golf resort.
Dinesh Chawla described themselves as a social liberal and said they would like the Mississippi Scion to become a stop for tourists on the Mississippi Blues Trail and visitors to the Grammy Museum Mississippi, which opened recently nearby.
“As far as president Trump, I am an immigrant,” they said. “I have sympathy for people who are refugees. I would do anything as far as supporting them financially; I think that it's very important that we do help people like that. But I do believe in legal immigration — not to punish people, but I believe in being a law-abiding person.”
Suresh Chawla, who noted that their father's hero was former president Bill Clinton, said the hotel would succeed based on its service and not on politics.
“What's important to the hotel is whether there are clean rooms and a quality experience,” they said.
Toward the end of their decade in hiding, Osama bin Laden was spending as much time exchanging messages about al-Qaeda's struggles as they were plotting ways for the terrorist network to reassert its strength.
Over the past year, the al-Qaeda leader fielded e-mails from followers lamenting the toll being taken by CIA drone “explosions” as well as the network's financial plight, according to U.S. officials who have completed an exhaustive review of the trove of bin Laden files collected at their compound after the May 2 U.S. raid that killed him.
Bin Laden approved the creation of a counterintelligence unit to root out traitors and spies, only to receive a complaint in mid-2010 from the unit's leader that it was losing the “espionage war” and couldn't function on its paltry budget.
Just months before the Arab Spring took hold, bin Laden warned affiliates in Yemen and elsewhere that it was too soon to create an Islamic state. The Saudi native, whose family had made its fortune in construction, concluded that there wasn't “enough steel” in al-Qaeda's regional support structures to warrant even tentative steps toward reestablishing the caliphate.
Such sober assessments and references to setbacks are among the fine-grained details that U.S. intelligence analysts have gleaned to assemble a new and more nuanced portrait of al-Qaeda and its founder in the aftermath of the raid on bin Laden's compound in the Pakistani city of Abbottabad.
Analysts at the CIA and other agencies are likely to continue poring over the bin Laden files for years. But the multi-agency task force that was set up to review what officials have described as the largest cache of terrorism records recovered to date finished its job and was disbanded last month.
“We believe the materials will continue to yield new insights on al-Qaeda for years to come,” said a U.S. counterterrorism official familiar with the task force's work. “But the task force is done.”
The group produced more than 400 intelligence reports in a span of six weeks and prompted public warnings of al-Qaeda plots against trains and other targets. U.S. officials said the findings also triggered a small number of operations overseas, including arrests of suspects who are named or described in e-mails that bin Laden received.
But officials said that the main value of the data is in enabling analysts to construct a more comprehensive portrait of al-Qaeda and that many of the most recent files found on bin Laden's computers depict an organization beset by mounting problems even as its leader remained singularly focused on delivering a follow-up to the Sept. 11, 2001, strikes.
“The trove makes it clear that bin Laden's primary goal — you can call it an obsession — was to attack the U.S. homeland,” said a senior U.S. counterterrorism official. “He pushed for this every way they could.”
The official was one of several who agreed to discuss the conclusions of the bin Laden task force — and provide new details on specific messages sent and received by the al-Qaeda leader — on the condition of anonymity, citing the sensitivity of the subject.
One of bin Laden's principal correspondents was Atiyah abd al-Rahman, who served as No. 3 in al-Qaeda before bin Laden's death. A 2010 message from Rahman expressed frustration with the CIA drone campaign, a source of particular concern because many of their predecessors in the third-ranking slot had been killed in strikes by the unmanned aircraft.
“He was saying in the letter that their guys were getting killed faster than they could be replaced,” the U.S. counterterrorism official said.
Other messages sounded a similar theme. At least two came from the head of al-Qaeda's security unit, a group that had been established to protect against penetrations by informants who might provide targeting tips to the CIA. The group is thought to be behind executions of dozens of suspected informants. In some cases, corpses were found with notes attached declaring that the deceased was an American spy.
The unit leader complains “about having a very low budget, a few thousand dollars,” the official said. The letter refers to “ideas” about how to better guard against informants and electronic eavesdropping. But the most obvious solutions, including restricting meetings and movements, would also hamper al-Qaeda's ability to function.
Other messages make frequent mention of the organization's financial hardships, including e-mails in which bin Laden themselves complains about the lack of funds. One bin Laden message sent in spring 2010 “instructed a deputy to form a group that would get money through kidnapping and ransom of diplomats,” the U.S. official said.
The message was sent to Rahman.
“The term ‘financial hardship' was used” in the message, the U.S. official said. But there are no files that provide specific figures or a comprehensive picture of al-Qaeda's financial position. “There's not a bank sheet for al-Qaeda,” the official said. “There is some insight into time periods when money was coming in and when it wasn't and what they were trying to do to get more.”
Kidnappings had been embraced by other militant groups, including the Afghan Taliban, which abducted the Pakistani ambassador to Afghanistan as well as a New York Times reporter in 2008.
Several messages contain mentions of militants seen as suitable candidates for al-Qaeda operations, information that has led to an undisclosed number of arrests by other governments overseas, the officials said.
The exchanges read like status updates between a headquarters and a satellite branch, officials said, with bin Laden pressing far-flung followers for more information on their plans, then waiting, sometimes for weeks, for replies.
The cache contains correspondence between bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri, who recently succeeded bin Laden as al-Qaeda's leader. The two express frustration that the conflict between al-Qaeda and the United States is not more widely perceived among Muslims as the front of a religious war. They also voice concern about how insurgent killings of civilians in Iraq and elsewhere could undermine al-Qaeda's standing among Muslims.
U.S. officials said nothing in the messages indicates that either knew where the other was hiding.
Bin Laden repeatedly prods al-Qaeda's affiliates to put off their regional ambitions to remain focused on attacking the United States. A 2010 message sent to Nasir al-Wuhayshi, the leader of al-Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, said that Yemen “was ripe for establishing an Islamic state but that it wasn't the right time,” a U.S. official said.
AQAP, as the Yemen-based group is known, had already launched high-profile but unsuccessful attacks against U.S. targets, including the attempted bombing of a Detroit-bound airliner on Christmas Day 2009.
The group expressed interest in moving faster to establish local institutions that would enforce sharia law. But bin Laden cautioned against such efforts, saying they didn't have adequate support, and said the group needed to stay focused on attacking the United States.
Bin Laden's messages were mostly composed on computers, then smuggled out on small disks or thumb drives by couriers, who would then copy the contents into e-mails that could be sent securely to followers — whether they were mere miles from bin Laden's compound or overseas.
The analytic task force was based at a CIA facility in Northern Virginia. Officials declined to disclose the current location of the more than 15 computers and 100 storage devices recovered from the bin Laden compound, except to say that they are in FBI custody.
Staff researcher Julie Tate contributed to this report.
I need a soaper-hero! Wannabe Incredible Hulk covers themselves in green paint... and then discovers it won't come off
It's not easy being green - as one Brazilian man proved when they painted themselves to look like the Incredible Hulk - and found the colour wouldn't wash off.
Pool attendant Paulo Henrique dos Santos, from Vila Cruzeiro, dressed up as the comic book hero for a running event, but got a nasty shock when the time came to remove the green paint.
After frantic scrubbing, the hapless chap realised he'd used a paint reserved for ballistic missiles and nuclear submarines.
Colour crisis! Hulk prankster Enrique dos Santos was left red-faced when their green paint refused to budge
According to Brazilian news site Extra.globo.com , Paulo had hoped to buy a brand of paint he'd used on a previous outing as the Hulk, but the shop they went to didn't have it.
Desperate to undo their inking, the would-be superhero spent Sunday and Monday having 'about 20 baths,' and was forced to sleep in a room lined with plastic bags.
They feared the industrial paint could actually give them lead poisoning, though they appear to have had no symptoms.
Instant celebrity: The action hero look proved a hit with local children in Vila Cruzeiro
The 35-year-old, who also works as a DJ in Rio de Janeiro and is known as MC Marronzinho, has achieved overnight celebrity in their local area.
As if being bright green wasn't embarrassing enough, the local press ran pictures of their mother trying to remove the paint - and referred to them as their girlfriend.
Maternal mix-up: The hapless Hulk is helped by their mother - who media reports referred to as their girlfriend
It was only after being scrubbed by a gang of friends and neighbours for 24 hours that Paulo finally removed the stubborn staining.
– Kurt Angle spoke with WrestlingInc for a new interview. Check out the highlights:
On wrestling being overexposed in the US and how TNA's dealing with that: “Yeah, it's tough. I mean there are a lot of wrestling companies out there. We've been more prone to; even though we do most of our shows in the United States, we've been focusing more on other countries, in particular India and the United Kingdom. We believe that there is a stronger market out there internationally than in the United States. It's not so bad in the United States. It's just that there are companies; WWE is a monster company, and then you have New Japan Pro Wrestling (NJPW), Ring of Honor (RoH), Lucha Underground and now, GFW. So there are a lot of companies out there, and it (market) is saturated a bit, but is there room for all of them? Yes, but the fans are going to watch what they want to watch. I can say the preference right now is WWE first and TNA is in second.”
On if he'd do anything differently in their career if they could: “Looking back, no, I did everything I wanted to do. I'm pretty proud with my career; I really enjoyed my career in the WWE, and I also enjoyed my career in TNA. There were reasons, health reasons why I had to leave WWE, but I really enjoyed my time there. It's just that the work load was a little too much for me, while TNA's schedule was more of a fit for me. So I really enjoyed it. I don't have any regrets; I had a stellar career, so I'm very proud of it.”
On what's changed in the last two decades of wrestling: “What has changed? I would say mainly the fact that it has become over saturated, but I will say this – talent alone is at its highest peak. In other words, better in a non – talent way. Eight years ago, there wouldn't have been enough talent to fill a wrestling company. In other words, WWE, TNA, Ring of Honor, Lucha Underground, New Japan Pro Wrestling, GFW… now there seems to be a swell of talent, that's been able to fill all these companies. So, I believe every company has a good bit of talent, in particular TNA and WWE. But, eight years ago, I wouldn't have said the same thing. I would've said that it was very dim and bleak; there weren't a lot of talent and I believe that's what hurt some of the product, because there just wasn't enough talent. So, I would say that there are a lot better wrestlers today than I've seen in 15 – 20 years.”
On their rivalry with Samoa Joe: “Oh, yeah. I love Samoa Joe. I think he's a rare talent for their size and their ability to move so quickly. I had never seen it, especially in someone that looks like Joe. I mean, you look at Joe, and he's a badass dude.  They are a big strong, mean looking guy, he's a little heavier, but to see the stuff they can do and their athleticism… when I wrestled him, they were undefeated for I believe two years, so there was a really big build up. Samoa Joe was part of the reason why I went to TNA. Also, I saw a kid named AJ Styles, who I really wanted to work with, not to mention it would have been my only opportunity to wrestle Sting. So, there were some talent reasons why I went to TNA, they seemed to make a lot of noise and I needed to tone down my wrestling schedule as well, from 300 days a year in WWE to cutting it in half. Going to TNA gave me the opportunity to wrestle those guys, but more so to wrestle less dates.”
On their injuries and how they dealt with them: “You know, I have dealt with injuries throughout my career. It has a lot to do with my wrestling style; I do have a very aggressive style. But I really can't change who I am, so if I did tone it down, I probably would have fewer injuries, but that's my style, and that's the way I do it. I've always been very physical, and I will continue to do what I had done. I might not do some of the crazy things I did in the past, like a backflip off the top of a cage, but for the most part, I'm not going to change my style because that's who I am.”
On how TNA can benefit from moving to Pop TV: “Well, you have to keep in mind that in the last year and two months, we've been on three different networks – Spike, Destination America and now, Pop TV. I think with Destination America, unfortunately it wasn't all we thought it would be. So I think we'll tread lightly on the latter; we're excited and Pop TV is excited. TNA is excited to be doing business, but we're going to have to find out if this is our true home. We have to see how it transpires, how much can Pop TV promote us, and we're going to have to see how the ratings do. So I think we're going to be a little more cautious this time, but we definitely have faith in Pop. They said they're going to give us everything we wanted, and I just hope they can back it up, and we do as well.”
On the direction TNA went in in 2010: “I believe in 2010, we were doing pretty good ratings from what I remember, and it was our strongest (year) in the company, I believe it was 2009 or 2010. I think at that time, we were emphasizing on talent alone, we were a wrestling show, and not as much storyline driven. I really do believe that's what the fans wanted, and I do believe that they still want it now. It is really difficult with the initial success that TNA had in the X Division, in the knockouts division. It's because nowadays, since 2010 up until today, the fans are very smart, and they want good wrestlers. If they don't think you're a good wrestler, they are not really going to back you up or support you. They want the best of the best, and back then I think we delivered that. That's probably when we had our highest ratings in history.”
On who their dream oppenent would be now: “Ah, my dream match… you know, there are many wrestlers and I don't want to go into a list of them or who I want to wrestle and why. But I'd just about wrestled everyone I wanted to. But having a match with somebody I haven't wrestled yet, that's a different story, and there are guys I want to wrestle again whom I've already wrestled. But as far as a wrestler I haven't wrestled yet, I would have to say that I would like to wrestle Drew Galloway. I really think that they are a strong talent; he's proven themselves in and out of the ring. He's a great wrestler, and he's got tremendous talent in every aspect of the business. So as far as somebody that I haven't wrestled yet, I would say Drew would be a good pick. Somebody that I have wrestled already would be AJ Styles. I'm not sure if we can get them (laughs), he's not with TNA any longer. Also, I wouldn't mind wrestling Bobby Lashley again. I got to wrestle them I think twice in my career, and lastly I would have to say Bobby Roode. He's in the top two in the world right now, he's that good.”
On what's next for him: “Right now, I'm just going to take some time off. I've been taking acting classes, and I signed with an agency in Hollywood, so I'm going to work on that part of my career. I'm going to take a year off from wrestling, and I just want to take it easy. But I want to thank the fans in India; they've been tremendous as far as supporting and respecting me, I think they're tremendous fans. I get tweets from just numerous fans in India. I've been there a few times and I was treated with the utmost respect. And so, I just want to say thank you to all of them, and let them know that my final matches will be for them.”
Life on the bubble. Photo: Maya Robinson and Photos by ABC, FOX, NBC, and CBS
NBC said “nyet” to Allegiance late last week, pulling the dumbed-down version of The Americans from its lineup and effectively canceling the Thursday-night drama. It was a tough blow for the show's producers and its roughly 6 million viewers, but at least their suffering is over. For about two dozen other new and veteran broadcast series, life is all about that bubble, that bubble: Ratings this season haven't been good enough to merit an early renewal, but the numbers also aren't awful enough to force their respective networks to yank them from the air or otherwise confirm their cancellation. In other words, they're in limbo. As is our tradition here in the land of Vulture, the time has come for us to assemble a list of these so-called “bubble” shows. We crunch the Nielsen numbers, take stock of the cultural buzz, look at the overall state of each network's prime-time schedule, and examine the shows' financial underpinnings. And then, all that data in hand, we run the shows through our time-tested Bubble Meter and wait for it to spit out a numerical score representing each one's odds of making it to another season. The perfect score of 10 means the show's renewal is as certain as Fox's phenom Empire (renewed after two weeks!); the low rating of 1 means its future is as gloomy as Fox's barely watched and dead-as-a-doornail first-year student comedy Mulaney.
Before scrolling down to the ratings, keep in mind the usual caveats: Already-renewed shows (CBS's Scorpion, for instance) and those that were pulled, burned off in bad time slots, and/or outright canceled aren't put into the Bubble Meter. (That's why there's no Selfie, Mulaney, or Red Band Society.) Unless we've identified a financial issue, veteran shows whose renewals are formalities at this point are also missing from the list (no need to worry about Modern Family, Hawaii Five-0, or anything Dick Wolf cranks out.) We also excluded “event” series (Fox's Gracepoint and NBC's The Slap) and didn't bother with reality shows, animated shows, and anything from the CW. (The usual rules of renewals simply don't apply to those shows). We're also avoiding any midseason series which haven't aired at least five episodes (not enough data). Also, fans and producers of new ABC shows that are clearly hits shouldn't be offended by seeing those shows on our bubble list: We know that How to Get Away With Murder will be back. But ABC boss Paul Lee refuses to give any of their shows early renewals, so we had no choice but to include them here.
Photo: Gilles Mingasson/ABC
Fresh Off the Boat (ABC)
Even some inside ABC worried that the network's scheduling of this show on Tuesdays, away from all the cool kids on ABC's Wednesday family-comedy block, might doom it. Instead, the adaptation of Eddie Huang's memoir has been a surprisingly solid performer, outdrawing NBC and Fox's Tuesday comedies and generating demo ratings not far below what ABC's The Middle does in the 8 p.m. lead-off slot on Wednesdays. Daylight saving time could ding Fresh's numbers in the weeks ahead, but after a month on Tuesdays, the show seems to have found a loyal core audience (and has amazing buzz). Barring an unexpected collapse, it'll be back next fall — and hopefully relocated to Wednesdays, where it might grow into an even bigger hit. (See also: The Goldbergs.)
Bubble Meter
Stalker (CBS)
Its numbers are so-so, and in its premiere, CSI: Cyber did much better in the 10 p.m. Wednesday time slot. CBS is also developing a Criminal Minds spinoff that would be a perfect fit with the Wednesday original. Death is stalking Stalker.
Bubble Meter
Photo: FOX
Bones (Fox)
Its high production costs after so many years — and the fact that Emily Deschanel and David Boreanaz are never shy about asking for raises — means renewals are never guaranteed. But the show's still-solid ratings and Fox's lack of drama hits (save Empire and Gotham) mean season 11 is very, very likely.
Bubble Meter
Photo: ABC
Cristela (ABC)
Here's the good news for this first-year comedy: Its average weekly audience this season (including DVR replays) is a solid 6.2 million viewers, which is nearly 20 percent ahead of the 5 million the now-dead The Neighbors attracted on Fridays at 8:30 p.m. last season. And among viewers under 50, Cristela has also improved on the show it replaced more weeks than not. Unfortunately, those demo ratings are still pretty small, and the show's progressive portrayal of a strong, young Latina woman isn't a perfect tonal fit with its lead-in, the Fox News–friendly comedy, Tim Allen's Last Man Standing. Worse, Cristela is produced by an outside studio, which means that ABC doesn't have any particular incentive to be patient. Its fate will depend on how well its ratings hold up in the final weeks of the season— and whether the network has a good year developing new comedy pilots.
Bubble Meter
State of Affairs (NBC)
One of the season's biggest disappointments: Despite being given a massive marketing push and NBC's best time slot (Mondays at 10, behind The Voice), Katherine Heigl's comeback drew fewer viewers under 50 than CBS's ancient-skewing Friday night duo of Hawaii Five-O and Blue Bloods (and barely outperformed NBC's forever-struggling Parks and Recreation). It will not be back.
Bubble Meter
Revenge (ABC)
Its same-day audience fell below 4 million viewers for the first time when it last aired in January, increasing the odds that ABC will finally bring Emily Thorne's twisted saga to a conclusion. But while odds favor cancellation, a few factors might work in favor of a return. The show's audience is engaged and passionate, and it's the kind of series — a female-driven soap — that fits right into ABC's brand of addictive serials. We've also heard talk that producers have pitched ways to reboot Revenge, perhaps allowing ABC to hold on to a brand name it loves while inviting viewers who've drifted away from the series since it bowed four years ago to return. Maybe the Alphabet could combine it with another Disney property: Marvel's Agents of R.E.V.E.N.G.E., anyone?
Bubble Meter
Person of Interest (CBS)
At most networks, this show's fate wouldn't even be in question: It averages 13.6 million viewers each week, and its demo numbers are okay. But CBS has ten other shows with either the same size (or larger) audience. And the Eye owns most of those shows, allowing it to make hundreds of millions from rerun sales. Person is the property of Warner Bros. TV, and it's headed into its fifth season — a time when the cost to produce shows tends to go way up. If CBS can find a way to keep production costs on Person in check, and if its new series development is just so-so, there's a good chance it'll find a way to make season five. If not? The show's toast (at least on CBS).
Bubble Meter
Photo: ABC
How to Get Away With Murder (ABC)
We only include this show because ABC refuses to officially announce its renewals before it sees its development for the next season. But it's the second-highest-rated newcomer this season. It's coming back.
Bubble Meter
Photo: FOX
Backstrom (Fox)
Same-day ratings have been disappointing, even with a somewhat resurgent American Idol as a lead-in. But Fox loves producer Hart Hanson, and the show's audience so far has been steady (if modest). New episodes of Hanson's Bones will soon replace Idol as a lead-in. It's still a long shot, but if Backstrom turns out to be a good fit with that show, it might yet find a way to return.
Bubble Meter
Photo: ABC
black-ish (ABC)
Its numbers started fading a bit in December, but it's still doing better than any post–Modern Family comedy ABC has tried in the 9:30 Wednesday slot for years. It's coming back.
Bubble Meter
Photo: NBC
About a Boy (NBC)
NBC loves exec producer Jason Katims, so much so that any show of their (Friday Night Lights, Parenthood) can never be completely written off. And the Peacock literally has no veteran comedies left in its arsenal, which means execs might decide they need to bring something back next season. But Boys' already modest audience shrank when it was moved to 9:30 p.m. Tuesday last fall, where it no longer benefited from a direct lead-in from The Voice. There's only the slightest sliver of hope NBC will keep the show alive.
Bubble Meter
Photo: ABC
Nashville (ABC)
The country sudser is a modest ratings performer, even counting the considerable bump it gets from DVR replays. But ABC execs love the show, and more important, the network produces it in-house via its ABC Studios division. As a result, there's financial incentive to produce a fourth season and maximize whatever potential Nashville has from syndication. It's a slight favorite to return.
Bubble Meter
CSI: Crime Scene Investigation Photo: CBS
CSI: Crime Scene Investigation (CBS)
The mothership of the crime franchise is included here only because of its advanced age and past rumblings that CBS could be ready to bring the show to an end. But with Battle Creek off to a disappointing start in the 10 p.m. Sunday slot where CSI had been airing, it's looking even more likely the Eye's Vegas detectives will find at least a few more murders to solve next season.
Bubble Meter
Photo: FOX
The Mindy Project (Fox)
Fox had planned to only air 15 episodes of the show this season, so when the network decided to increase that episode count to 21 last November, it provided hope among fans of the perpetually on-the-bubble show: Maybe new Fox chiefs Gary Newman and Dana Walden would be as supportive of Mindy as former Fox boss Kevin Reilly. But all the buzz coming from inside the hallways of Fox suggests that the network is ready to move on, and that the show's failure to grow in the ratings — in fact, its numbers are down a bit — means it's hard to see Mindy making it to season four. (And perhaps star/creator Mindy Kaling is assuming this will happen: Mindy and Danny moved from couple to parents in record time.) That said, Mindy still holds on to almost all of the women 18–34 viewers who watch lead-in New Girl. If the network's comedy development doesn't produce a new show that would seem a safe bet to pair with New Girl, Fox may decide to order one last batch of episodes.
Bubble Meter
Resurrection (ABC)
Within less than a year, the show's audience went from 14 million same-day viewers at launch to an average of barely 3 million for its final four episodes this January. The dead shall not rise again.
Bubble Meter
Photo: NBC
Marry Me (NBC)
Nope.
Bubble Meter
Photo: NBC
A to Z (NBC)
Double nope.
Bubble Meter
Photo: ABC
Forever (ABC)
Its audience skews older than ABC might like, but once DVR replays are tallied, the show reaches over 8 million viewers each week — more than Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. Network execs like that it mixes fantasy elements into its procedural core, and with new 10 p.m. drama successes few and far between these days, Forever has distinguished itself by not flatlining. There's room for growth here, and it's likely ABC will give the show more time to do just that.
Bubble Meter
Photo: NBC
Mysteries of Laura (NBC)
Critics hated this show. (She's a mom! She's a cop! She's a MomCop!) But viewers — especially slightly older ones — actually got into this lighthearted drama starring Debra Messing. The show is averaging just under 10 million viewers, which is more than long-running vets such as Bones and The Middle, and just about a million fewer than Wednesday-night companions Law & Order: SVU and Chicago P.D. Granted, Laura does much worse with viewers under 50, NBC's target audience. But given the network's paucity of new hits this season, NBC executives are likely to take the moms who love Laura and run with 'em into a second season.
Bubble Meter
Photo: FOX
Sleepy Hollow (Fox)
Ratings took a dive, as did the show's quality (at least in the eyes of some fans). But Fox believes in this show and its stars. Unless its drama development is remarkable, Sleepy will not sleep with the fishes any time soon.
Bubble Meter
Photo: ABC
Galavant (ABC)
Despite a huge promotional push last winter and solid premiere rating, this musical comedy saw its audience decline sharply over its four-week run. But: It's a favorite of ABC chief Paul Lee, and it did serve as a nice way to keep the Once Upon a Time slot warm while that show was on hiatus. It truly could go either way.
Bubble Meter
MIKE & MOLLY Photo: CBS
Mike & Molly (CBS)
It's become a solid utility player for CBS, boosting the network whenever newer comedies strike out. It might not be on the fall schedule next season, but it will almost surely be back (unless star Melissa McCarthy decides to beg CBS and producer Warner Bros. to let them out of their contract).
Bubble Meter
Photo: ABC
Agent Carter (ABC)
This short-run Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. replacement/companion series actually drew slightly more viewers than S.H.I.E.L.D. itself (though those viewers were a bit older). Marvel is a hugely important brand for Disney parent ABC, so odds are good the network will find a way to make more episodes next season.
Bubble Meter
Photo: NBC
Bad Judge (NBC)
It was widely reported to be canceled, but like Marry Me and A to Z, NBC technically still has the option to bring it back for a second season. Is this likely? No. But of all of NBC's failed first-year student sitcoms, this vehicle for Kate Walsh seems the most logical for a last-second, out-of-the-blue reprieve. Peacock brass love Walsh, and while the show's demo ratings were tiny, its overall audience of 4.9 million viewers actually makes it NBC's most-watched comedy this season. (Really.) NBC can do better than Bad Judge, and if its comedy pilots turn out well, the network won't have any trouble moving on. But if they don't, well … stranger things have happened.
Bubble Meter
Photo: NBC
Constantine (NBC)
The superhero renaissance didn't extend to this NBC Friday-night drama, which rose neither hell nor respectable ratings in its first season. Peacock brass had hoped it would make a good fit with the similarly spooky Grimm, but those viewers didn't seem interested in a demon detective. (Go figure!) And yet, NBC is also aware that Friday nights are a terrible night to launch a new show, and that many of the young men who might have been into this show probably never knew it existed. Given how poorly NBC has done launching new dramas this season, and considering Constantine at least has some brand awareness, there's a (small) chance the network might try to give it a second chance on another night.
This article is over 2 years old
Presenter, who has hosted almost 3,000 episodes of the Channel 4 show and handed out £40m in prizes, to host farewell tour
Noel Edmonds' game show Deal Or No Deal has been axed after more than a decade.
Channel 4 announced the studio version of the game show will finish after a final series in the autumn, but the presenter is to take it on atour of the UK's famous landmarks later this year.
Edmonds denied that the show was ending and said the tour was “the beginning of an exciting new era for Deal”.
Channel 4 axes Raised by Wolves, but Caitlin Moran promises third series Read more
They told Press Association: “Jay Hunt [Channel 4's chief creative officer] and I have been working on this for the last six months and now the logistics are virtually finalised we can start recording the shows in some extraordinary locations.”
The show has been filmed since 2005 in Bristol and Edmonds said they were excited about now “taking the show to the fans”.
They said: “We can go anywhere and this is something I've wanted to do for years. Twenty-two boxes, a phone and me. Where will we pop up next?”
Beginning in 2005, Edmonds has presented almost 3,000 episodes of the show and handed out £40m in prize money, although just eight people have walked away with the £250,000 jackpot.
Ratings for the show have declined in recent years, with it attracting an audience of about 300,000 viewers compared with more than 4 million at its peak a decade ago.
Last year, the show was moved from its previous slot of 3.30pm or 4pm to 1.10pm or 2pm.
Deal or No Deal was based on a Dutch format by Big Brother producer Endemol, which has been sold to more than 100 countries since its launch in 2000.
Edmonds will remain on Channel 4 screens with a new big-money studio game show in the pipeline and two pilots.
Cheap Cheap Cheap will see Edmonds challenge contestants to guess the lowest price of three items in their eclectic general store to win a huge pot of money.
The pilot for Noel Edmonds' Sell Or Swap sees the presenter become auctioneer as contestants bid on items ranging from expensive antiques to a second-hand speed boat or a never-used wedding dress.
Edmonds will also host a pilot for a second studio-based Channel 4 game show.
Asked how they think viewers will react to their new ventures, they said: “Let's wait and see. It's early days and a lot of work has to take place before we go to air.
“Needless to say I'm hugely grateful to Jay Hunt and Channel 4 for this massive vote of confidence in my ability to create popular TV shows.”
Noel Edmonds in Twitter row after claims that electronic box 'tackles cancer' Read more
Edmonds has had a TV career spanning more than four decades, originally beginning at the BBC. Their hits at the corporation included Multi-Coloured Swap Shop and Telly Addicts, and they became most famous for Noel's House Party, which ran for eight years and spawned the character Mr Blobby.
Their outspoken views have sometimes landed them in controversy. In June, they became embroiled in a Twitter row over their claim that a small electronic box “tackles cancer”.
Edmonds tweeted that the “simple box” slowed ageing, reduced pain, lifted depression and stress, and even tackled cancer. “Yep tackles cancer!” they claimed.
Noel Ernest Edmonds (@NoelEdmonds) A simple box that slows ageing, reduces pain, lifts depression and stress and tackles cancer . Yep tackles cancer! pic.twitter.com/krL9sXlpby
After a Twitter user who said they have kidney cancer accused Edmonds of “quackery”, the presenter fired back that the man's cancer might have been caused by their “negative attitude”.
Rio Rancho officials want more people to shop at local businesses and they are coming up with ways to get your attention.Rio Rancho Mayor Greggory Hull launched the “Buy Rio Rancho” campaign last year, after they took office, but says it's started to gain momentum in the last few months.“It actually started out with a little yellow dot that said, ‘thank you for buying Rio Rancho,' and started with four signs,” Hull said.Since then, more than 20 local restaurants and retail shops have joined the campaign.Brightly colored signs sit outside of the stores. Some are heart shaped, and others more recently are shaped like tulips. Hull said those are for Mother's Day.He wants to drive more people to buy from these locally-owned businesses. Hull said the push is working.True Value Hardware is one of the 20 that joined in the campaign. It's one of the oldest local businesses in Rio Rancho.Owner George Meyerson said that in the last few years, it's gotten easier to get their friends and neighbors to stay and shop in Rio Rancho.“That old argument that Rio Rancho is more expensive than Albuquerque doesn't really hold true as much as it did maybe 25 or 30 years ago,” Meyerson said.Historically, many people who live in Rio Rancho would actually do a lot of shopping in Albuquerque. Mayor Hull said that's no longer the case.“We're starting to see people actually talk about and chat about local businesses,” Hull said. “Now our job is to let people know how important it is to invest their dollars locally.”Hull said the money people spend at a local store goes back into the community to help pay for improvements to schools and roads.
Rio Rancho officials want more people to shop at local businesses and they are coming up with ways to get your attention.
Rio Rancho Mayor Greggory Hull launched the “Buy Rio Rancho” campaign last year, after they took office, but says it's started to gain momentum in the last few months.
Advertisement
“It actually started out with a little yellow dot that said, ‘thank you for buying Rio Rancho,' and started with four signs,” Hull said.
Since then, more than 20 local restaurants and retail shops have joined the campaign.
Brightly colored signs sit outside of the stores. Some are heart shaped, and others more recently are shaped like tulips. Hull said those are for Mother's Day.
They want to drive more people to buy from these locally-owned businesses. Hull said the push is working.
True Value Hardware is one of the 20 that joined in the campaign. It's one of the oldest local businesses in Rio Rancho.
Owner George Meyerson said that in the last few years, it's gotten easier to get their friends and neighbors to stay and shop in Rio Rancho.
“That old argument that Rio Rancho is more expensive than Albuquerque doesn't really hold true as much as it did maybe 25 or 30 years ago,” Meyerson said.
Historically, many people who live in Rio Rancho would actually do a lot of shopping in Albuquerque. Mayor Hull said that's no longer the case.
“We're starting to see people actually talk about and chat about local businesses,” Hull said. “Now our job is to let people know how important it is to invest their dollars locally.”
Hull said the money people spend at a local store goes back into the community to help pay for improvements to schools and roads.
AlertMe
Naseem Parks, 17, admits in court to membership in a street gang. (Photo11: eabff, Getty Images/iStockphoto)
About 9,500 notices for people to appear in the Delaware Court of Common Pleas between June 1 and Oct. 3 were never mailed, according to the court system.
The issue, which was first realized when the Court of Common Pleas and the Judicial Information Center began receiving complaints in mid-September, has affected about 20 percent of the 46,000 criminal notices sent out during this same time period. Some attorneys in Sussex County alerted the court to the problem after they failed to receive notification about their clients' court dates, said Court of Common Pleas Court Administrator Stephanie Fitzgerald.
But the state's Department of Technology and Information, which handles the processing and mailing of these notices, still hasn't determined what caused the problem, according to the state. There's also a chance that the issue may extend before June 1, Fitzgerald said, but the state is continuing to investigate the issue.
Part of the problem was that technology at the Court of Common Pleas indicated the notifications were being mailed, they said.
Since Oct. 3, extra steps were put in place to ensure all mailings were sent, they added, and the investigation into the cause of the issue remains ongoing.
The major problem with the malfunction is what can happen when a person fails to appear in court, like a case being dismissed if the person called to court is a witness or the issuing of an arrest warrant for the person who failed to appear. Driver's licenses may also have been suspended, as a result.
CRIME: Police charge Harrington couple with selling heroin, fentanyl from home
ENVIRONMENT: Mountaire fires wastewater staff over well pollution in Sussex County
After reviewing a "very large portion" of the cases, the Court of Common Pleas has no indication that anyone was wrongfully incarcerated as a result of the notification malfunction, Fitzgerald said.
In response, the court said it will withdraw any warrants for arrest issued in response to a failure to appear in court and reschedule the case instead. The Court of Common Pleas will also refund any capias fee for those who may have paid the fine but were never notified of their requirement to appear in court.
"We're still analyzing what the potential impact may be" on the court system, Fitzgerald said.
To help combat the issue, the state set up a website – de.gov/notice – to help people determine if their cases were impacted.
Delawareans can leave their contact information through an online form available on the court's website, and the court system said that staff will "advise you and the Attorney General's Office if your case was affected."
Contact Brittany Horn at (302) 324-2771 or bhorn@delawareonline.com. Follow them on Twitter at @brittanyhorn.
Read or Share this story: https://www.delawareonline.com/story/news/crime/2017/11/10/courts-9-500-notices-appear-court-common-pleas-were-never-mailed/852293001/
When Deborah Tatum's son Greg was killed by a drunk driver, they were absolutely devastated. “It's an everyday pain that you live with,” Tatum told a local Austin news outlet.
While still mourning the loss of their 20-year old son, Deborah and the rest of the Tatum family decided they needed to act quickly and do whatever they could to prevent drunk drivers from getting behind the wheel. This is what ultimately led the family to become such avid supporters of the ridesharing industry.
When Brian had the chance to drive for Uber their goal became to take as many drunks off the road as possible.The Tatum family firmly believes that ridesharing services, like Lyft and Uber, save lives by offering options to those who may have had a little too much to drink and are not in a position to drive themselves home. By keeping these potentially deadly drivers off the road, the Tatum family feels as though they are doing their part to protect other families from the suffering they continue to endure.
Greg's brother, Brian, began driving for Uber shortly after their brother's passing. “When Brian had the chance to drive for Uber that was their goal. To take as many drunks off the road to save the families from going through what we're going through,” Tatum said.
However, after the city of Austin passed new burdensome regulations on the ridesharing economy last summer, Uber and Lyft both decided to cease operating within city limits. In the several months since their departure, driving under the influence (DUI or DWI) arrests have already spiked according to the Austin Police Department's own data.
Before Uber came to town in 2014, Austin Police Department's data showed that the city had an average of 525 drunk driving arrests per month. When these numbers were revisited a year after ridesharing came to Austin, drunk driving arrests had dropped by five percent. This trend continued the following year when the number of drunk driving arrests dropped by an additional 12 percent, bringing the average number of arrests to about 438 per month.
In May of 2016, the same month Uber and Lyft made the decision to leave Austin, the monthly rate of drunk driving incidents was down to an average of 358. However, within the first few months of Uber and Lyft's absence, the number of DUI arrests increased by 7.5 percent from the previous year. In the month of July alone, the city had 476 drunk driving arrests.
Though many Austin residents, including the Tatum family, predicted these new regulations would result in increased drunk driving arrests, being correct in their assertions has given them no pleasure.
“Nobody wants that phone call. No one wants a knock on the door that says you're loved one has died from something that can be prevented,” said Tatum.
With the affordability and convenience provided by ridesharing services, it makes it much easier, and safer, for potential drunk drivers to tap their smartphone screens and have a ride come to them within minutes. No longer needing a search for cash or an argument with a cab driver about accepting a credit card, ridesharing has made it so simple to make the right decision after having too many drinks at the bar.
Though the Austin Police Department was hesitant to draw any concrete conclusions from the rise of DUIs in such a short amount of time, they did issue a statement saying the “data set is too limited to draw any conclusions. However, any time we experience an increase in DWI it is cause for concern.”
In November, Trevor Theunissen, Uber Public Affairs Lead, expressed the company's hope that it will soon be able to return to Austin. “We want to be back in Austin and I think it's a city Uber needs to be in,” Theunissen expressed. “I'm hopeful that there is a path forward, but there's a lot of work to do.”
Republished from Generation Opportunity.
Republican Kentucky Congressman James Comer (1st Dist.) recently returned from a five-member congressional agricultural trade mission to Cuba. Comer said lifting the Cuban embargo on trade is a "no brainer" and plans on being a leader in Congressional efforts to do so. Matt Markgraf speaks with Comer about how the U.S. and Kentucky's first district could stand to gain from easing restrictions and expanding trade relations with the Caribbean island.
"We should be trading with Cuba," Comer said. The island's population is about 11 million people and most of their agricultural imports come from Central and South America, China and Europe. Comer said they plan on being a leader in a movement to lift the embargo.
"Sometimes Congress is slow to move and unfortunately my party, the Republican Party, is on the wrong side of history on this issue in my opinion. We should lift the embargo. That can be done legislatively," they said.
Comer recently traveled with Rep. Tom Emmer (R-MN), Rep. Roger Bergman (R-MI), Rep. Jason Lewis (R-MN) and Rep. Roger Marshall (R-KS) on a five-day trade mission.
 They are a cosponsor on two House bills seeking to lift the embargo on Cuba. HR 525 seeks to modify the prohibition of U.S. assistance and financing for agricultural exports. While some ag trade between the U.S. and Cuba exists, it is limited in operation. HR 442 is a much broader measure to lift the trade embargo.
Comer said their message to the Trump administration is that Cuba is a good 'first country' in beginning bilateral trade negotiations. "The great deal with Cuba is they are no threat to American agriculture. In other words, they cannot produce anything in quantity that would be in direct competition with our farmers. However, they have 11 million people there, they have a tourism industry that is growing each day... so they have a market that has a potential to grow."
Cuban exports would include fruit, coffee, rum and cigars, products Comer said aren't in competition with American agriculture. They said Kentucky, particularly their representative district (much of the western part of the state), could stand to gain in exports to Cuba.
"We have five poultry processors in the first congressional district. Cuba could be a huge importer of poultry from Kentucky, especially the cuts of poultry that we don't consume in the United States. The cuts of poultry that they would be importing are not in high demand in the United States."
They said the first district could also export large amounts of soy, wheat and corn.
They said he's confident there are enough votes to lift the embargo. They said the main opposition are Cuban American members of Congress, like Marco Rubio. They said it goes back to differences from previous generations. "What happened with the Bay of Pigs and all that, that was a terrible deal but that was before I was born. I'm a 44 year old member of congress. That happened 12 or 13 years before I was born. It's time to move on."
Comer envisions the U.S. being a 'leading exporter' to Cuba, which sits 90 miles from the Florida coast.
There is nothing like Autumn. It is sweatshirt weather in the morning and evening, the trees give us their best colors, pumpkin everything is literally everywhere, and our favorite shows return from hiatus. It is also time for the most creative holiday of them all; Halloween. Even though the candy has been sitting in stores nationwide since August, October is the real deal. While tricks and/or treats is where the real money is made, my favorite reason for the season is horror films. I consider myself a bit of a horror buff and love the classics from The Exorcist, Psycho, Carrie, Nightmare on Elm Street, and many more (Check out my top five). But for every spooktacular film, there are the inevitable bombs. Let me share with you my top; or bottom more accurately, the worst horror films. To clarify, these are A list films, I consider B list cheese factory horror flicks gold, as does my esteemed colleague Doug .
5. The Lazarus Effect
It is an age old question: What happens when the dead are brought back to life? A team of young, ambitious scientists attempt to discover the mysteries of the beyond, but of course, their experiments go horribly wrong. The plot itself is interesting and had potential. Not to mention one of the hottest young actores going for it in Olivia Wilde. But the result is a rushed, jumbled mess of confusing subplots, unclear intentions, and muddied motives. Was Wilde's character Zoe evil before death? Did they come back without a soul? Honestly, it has been done before and with far more entertaining results.
4. Freddy vs Jason
You would think that a film that contains the Dream Murder machine and the Camp ground ghoul would be a horror classic! You thought wrong! Individually, Freddy and Jason dominated the soft core teenage sex-fest horror genre for years. They alone caused generations of hormone driven teens to think twice about getting down at the newly renovated summer camp or the vacationing neighbors pool house. Regardless if you preferred the strong, silent Voorhees or the wise-cracking child killer Krueger, you knew that you were in for campy fun. Fun is exactly what Freddy vs Jason lacked. It has been a decade since Freddy had the strength to kill slumbering teens, they are an out of sight, out of mind type villain. In an attempt to resurrect their career, they bring Jason back from the grave to drum up the fear factor on good old Elm Street. While their plan is successful in the short term, they now find themselves faced with the dilemma of sharing the killing fields with Jason. Epic battles ensue that inspire you to never watch this thing again. In what could have been a film for the ages, all it did was kill my horny teen self for good.
3. The Others
Nicole Kidman leads the cast as Grace, a woman on the edge of sanity.  They are awaiting the return of their soldier husband who is fighting in World War II and caring for their two sick children solo. The kids can't go out in daylight due to hypersensitivity to the sun, so they all live as shut ins within their mansion. Even the servants have had enough and have bailed on the family until one day, three new housekeepers show up looking for work. And that's when the haunting begins….or does it? Look, the plot is a cool Sixth Sense play on a period piece chocked full of angst, creepy kids, and one damned crazy mom. The problem is it is an absolute bore and because it is, you can see the big reveal coming a mile away. If the film was more lively, or if the characters were simply more likable, the ending could have popped. Instead, it fizzled like a flat soda.
2. Book of Shadows: Blair Witch II
Where do I begin? To start, I didn't care all that much for the original. A ton of shaky camera work coupled with the whiniest documentary film making trio in history might have been innovative for it's time, but there zero scares to be found. I will also blame the original for paving the way for this retched piece of sequel garbage. Long story short, Maryland native Jeff runs tours in the same woods that our originals went into and never came back from. From there, the cliche machine really cranks into gear. They lead a pregnant couple, a Wiccan, and a Goth psychic on the expedition to find answers, but what they get is some sort of false memory, spellbound, dreaming…..who cares!! Once Jeff's recordings of the tour are played backwards, it is revealed that they all had an orgy, followed by this one killing that one and….once again, who cares!!!
1. Halloween III: Season of the Witch
Michael Myers is one of the most iconic horror bad guys in cinema history. A tortured childhood, mental illness, and psychosis were behind their murderous rampage. Good times. Then came along this piece of used tissues. Halloween III starts behind the eight ball right from the start because: NO Mike Myers! Instead, the screenwriters chose to go with a convoluted tale of a murder investigation that leads to a Halloween mask company that leads to subliminal messages created by a microchip in said masks which leads to killer androids which leads to the worst horror movie of all time!
There you have it folks, my top 5 awful not scary movies of all time. As these lists are the definition of subjective reasoning, tell us your top 5. PCU wishes you a horrifyingly wicked 10/31/16!
Advertisements
March Against Monsanto – London
Agribusiness mergers – a food system under corporate control – a call for consumer education, international and national action
Saturday 20 May 2017
Grosvenor Square, London at 2pm
Contact email: This email address is being protected from spambots. You need JavaScript enabled to view it.
Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/BeeAgainstMonsantoLondon1/
The 6th international March Against Monsanto events will take place on Saturday 20 May 2017, with more than 300 cities on 6 continents participating.
Agribusiness mergers may lead to an unacceptable monopoly that would see three companies controlling around 70% of the world's agro-chemicals and more than 60% of commercial seeds.
The food movement must focus on building political power
March Against Monsanto London are hosting a peaceful static event in Grosvenor Square, London starting at 2pm. Please check Facebook for any changes and updates nearer the date. March Against Monsanto London share the views of many other individuals, consumer groups, farmers and NGOs concerned about food sovereignty issues, de-regulation of food safety standards and potentially unsatisfactory trade deals following the Brexit referendum.
Does the UK have the ability to stand up to corporate interests which are detrimental to consumer rights and the environment? Come and discuss these questions at this and similar events.
The organisers of this year's event support:
GM Freeze's Campaign
Feed Me the Truth: http://www.gmfreeze.org/feedmethetruth/
Beyond GM's Campaign
Stir the Pot: http://beyond-gm.org/stir-the-pot-serves-up-its-first-course/
Georgina Downs' UK Pesticides Campaign
http://www.pesticidescampaign.co.uk/
2 Wireworld diodes , the above one in conduction direction, the lower one in reverse-biasing
Wireworld is a cellular automaton first proposed by Brian Silverman in 1987, as part of their program Phantom Fish Tank. It subsequently became more widely known as a result of an article in the "Computer Recreations" column of Scientific American.[1] Wireworld is particularly suited to simulating electronic logic elements, or "gates", and Wireworld is Turing-complete.
Rules [ edit ]
Example of a complicated circuit made in WireWorld: a seven-segment display and decoder. Conductor cells are dark green to highlight signal flow and display segments.
A Wireworld cell can be in one of four different states, usually numbered 0–3 in software, modeled by colors in the examples here:
empty (black), electron head (blue), electron tail (red), conductor (yellow).
As in all cellular automata, time proceeds in discrete steps called generations (sometimes "gens" or "ticks"). Cells behave as follows:
empty → empty,
electron head → electron tail,
electron tail → conductor,
conductor → electron head if exactly one or two of the neighbouring cells are electron heads, otherwise remains conductor.
Wireworld uses what is called the Moore neighborhood, which means that in the rules above, neighbouring means one cell away (range value of one) in any direction, both orthogonal and diagonal.
These simple rules can be used to construct logic gates (see below).
Applications [ edit ]
Entities built within Wireworld universes include Langton's Ant (allowing any Langton's Ant pattern to be built within Wireworld)[2] and the Wireworld computer, a Turing-complete computer implemented as a cellular automaton.[3]
See also [ edit ]
SOFIA (Reuters) - A Bulgarian nationalist party which has protested against the Roma minority and wants to nationalize foreign-owned firms has emerged as a kingmaker from an election on Sunday by tapping into voters' disillusionment with mainstream politicians.
A woman walks past election posters of Volen Siderov, leader of the Attack party, in Sofia May 13, 2013. REUTERS/Stoyan Nenov
Volen Siderov, leader of Attack, stepped up rhetoric and populist pledges to improve the lives of poor Bulgarians after the previous government resigned in February in the face of demonstrations and self-immolations.
Their success is part of a broader upswing of nationalists in central and eastern Europe's moribund economies such as Hungary's Jobbik, which has a similar agenda, vilifying Roma and opposing the European Union and other foreign influences.
Some party members wear shirts with swastikas and make Nazi salutes at rallies.
“The situation is dramatic, now it comes to the survival of our country and I believe that only Attack can save it,” said student Milen Angelov. “These are the responsible politicians, the rest are traitors and servants of foreign interests.”
At the start of the year, Attack had only 1 percent support but has the balance of power after a divisive election.
Former journalist Siderov, 57, canceled rallies to spend the money on helping the poor and partial results show Attack won 7.4 percent of the vote after attracting Bulgarians unhappy with the low living standards and widespread corruption.
As protesters failed to unite as a single political force, the stern, white-haired Siderov appealed to voters unhappy with an elite they view as entrenched and doing little to improve the lot of people in the EU's poorest country.
The center-right GERB - which stepped down at the height of February's protests - has kept tight fiscal policy and debt low. It will be the biggest party in parliament but is struggling to form a government due to its tarnished image.
Siderov has alarmed investors with their forthright style and pledges of nationalizations and revoking foreign companies' concessions. They have previously given unofficial backing to GERB, which did not adopt Attack policies.
Though GERB may be able to reach a majority with its support, Siderov immediately ruled out such a deal - which some analysts said may be a negotiating position.
The Socialists, running a close second to GERB, will also struggle to put together a working majority without some support from Attack and that may be difficult given their traditional alliance with the ethnic Turkish MRF. If no government can be formed, new elections will be held, possibly in September.
“I want to underline the negative role of the West, which through all these years of colonizing was actually pushing things in that direction - low incomes, cheap labor because foreigners benefit from it,” Siderov told Reuters in March.
REVERSAL OF FORTUNES
Attack made a breakthrough when Siderov won 21 percent to come second in a 2006 presidential poll but its fortunes had since faded.
It wants to destroy Roma ghettoes, many of which have no running water or electricity, and force them to attend schools and seek jobs.
It organized anti-Roma demonstrations in 2011 after villagers blamed a Roma leader for the death of a 19-year-old and provoked nationwide unrest and the burning of some houses.
Roma is a term for groups who have migrated across Europe for centuries and are now the biggest ethnic minority in the EU, most of them from countries like Romania, Bulgaria and the Czech Republic. There are an estimated 10 million across Europe.
Attack also wants to stop the building of mosques, which is a sensitive topic in a country where some 15 percent of the population are Muslim.
“It's inconceivable that the big European political blocks could accept Attack being a formal part of a government,” an EU diplomat said.
Siderov wound down their usual demagogic style and canceled rallies during the campaign, saying the party was instead using the money to help society's poorest pay bills and buy medicines.
Attack also wants to nationalize energy distributors - Czech companies CEZ and Energo-Pro and Austria's EVN, raise taxes for the rich and revoke concessions for gold and water granted to foreign companies. Siderov says they boost profits by underpaying their Bulgarian staff.
“I will make a coalition under the program ‘Siderov's Plan Against the Colonial Yoke,'” they said on Sunday.
A new report from the Brennan Center for Justice shines the spotlight on a range of new state laws that make it more difficult to vote, particularly for poor and minority voters.
These new restrictions fall most heavily on young, minority, and low-income voters, as well as on voters with disabilities. This wave of changes may sharply tilt the political terrain for the 2012 election. Based on the Brennan Center's analysis of the 19 laws and two executive actions that passed in 14 states, it is clear that: These new laws could make it significantly harder for more than five million eligible voters to cast ballots in 2012.
The states that have already cut back on voting rights will provide 171 electoral votes in 2012 – 63 percent of the 270 needed to win the presidency.
Of the 12 likely battleground states, as assessed by an August Los Angeles Times analysis of Gallup polling, five have already cut back on voting rights (and may pass additional restrictive legislation), and two more are currently considering new restrictions. States have changed their laws so rapidly that no single analysis has assessed the overall impact of such moves. Although it is too early to quantify how the changes will impact voter turnout, they will be a hindrance to many voters at a time when the United States continues to turn out less than two thirds of its eligible citizens in presidential elections and less than half in midterm elections.
In Colorado, since Secretary of State Scott Gessler was elected last year, they have made a steady push to reduce the number of people who vote. Their efforts in the legislature to require photo ID to vote were turned back. Their claims that thousands vote fraudulently in the state were never proven. Their efforts to prevent counties from sending ballots to inactive voters received a temporary setback last week.
Scot Kersgaard contributed to this article.
fix
fix
moved closer
elaborate nurd : ^ ) no seriously tho, elaborate to me man.
fixed, i like it better
theres literally no movement in the song (for me atleast) in this spot
^
fix
I fail to hear a note here, or a note thats emphasized enough to need its own note.
No part was intended to follow vocals, it should almost all be following the piano which is in line with vocals then strays away from it significantly.
I know for all spinners, I never really was going for mods at any time so blegh
i rather would try putting stack here for now.
was never intended im pretty sure, but I stacked it anyway.
NC is sort of unnecessary because of the spinner
i like spinner
slider plays weird
stop using xd u feg xd xd xdlelmysides
emphasizes the music
^
yea
no shit u dum fur fur : ^ ) <3 i love u fiery
better maybe?
um...you're retarded, it doesnt come early. <3
s a m e
I like the way its mapped currently, because most of it is supposed to be calm, the only part that is supposed to give the most energy is the solo.
yeah
its fine to me??
theres no major 'movement' in the instruments intensity imo, thats why this is stacked
fix
everything here should, so they all hit earlier, and NC
yeah
theyre fine
These are quite subjective, where I like it and you may not, someone else will like it and someone else wont. Depending on which one is weighted more towards, changes may or may not be made
sliders fit here perfectly fine.
elaborate in what kind of change could be made.
ive been thinking that as well
That is VERY disorienting for a first time playing, or just any time. Why follow the guitar and suddenly switch to the drums? It seems like a rather unfitting idea. I like it following the guitar better.
I dont feel very much movement for these notes
did it
no, same reason as last. Its not a good idea.
s a m e f a m
Highly object, refrain from using "It looks ugly :[" and use actual logic and reasoning.
same reason as before, refrain from using your own opinion like "it looks (blank)"
wat?
no? u stoopid?
theres nothing wrong.
^
I heard that if you listen closely, a guitar is heard. and the faint cries of me calling you an idiot on teamspeak
you know very well what im gonna say
same
Sliders like this are fine considering how slow the song is, if I did this in higher BPM, now thats retarded.
"But its actually a slow ending to a pretty much slow song, in which calls for a slow ending. W 0 W
^
fix
kill self plz thx <3
double check timing, some of the notes are off for whatever reason and IDK why00:01:724 (6) - the strong piano notes like this would be better off nc'd imo (this goes for 00:04:724 (6) - 00:07:724 (3) - 00:13:724 (8) - stuff like that)00:07:349 (1) - sure the nc is there for the pattern but you literally never did this in the other patterns so why now lol (it's still perfectly readable without the nc btw)00:09:974 (3,4) - you go from this DS to 00:11:474 (3,4) - in the next pattern what why??00:12:224 (1,2,3,4,5) - there actually should be more notes here if you slow it down lo (some parts are 1/16 but honestly the way you have it right now is fine)00:21:974 (3,4) - again with the DS changes just keep them consistent holy00:23:474 (3,4) - these notes should probably be given more emphasis since it's the start of the vocal track00:26:474 (5,6) - oh god why stack these please00:27:224 (1,2) - pLEASe stacks don't work well here and they look ugly :[00:29:849 - did you like miss a note here or something because the piano plays here and the vocals also cover this, makes no sense to leave it out00:31:349 - same thing herebasically the entire section here until the next timing point should have a couple more notes added for vocals, you started following the vocals in the intro and then kind of just strayed off of that00:46:724 (1) - silence spinner end or just the entire spinner in general tbh00:54:860 (2,3) - starting from the slider end to 3 -- this should be 1/12 with 4 notes including slider end00:56:454 (6) - is this supposed to be stacked with 00:55:329 (4) - or nah00:59:266 (6,7,8) - another 1/12 thing01:01:329 (3,4,5) - this is also 1/12 and this pattern feels weird because you blanket a triple and it's like no why don't01:06:204 (7) - downbeat = nc tbh01:06:766 (1) - you could map this section here instead of adding a spinner or at least a slider here instead01:09:204 (5) - slider here instead of a single circle fits better for the guitar01:09:766 (1,2,3) - 1/12 again xdnot going to list the 1/12 things because basically every "triple" in this is 1/12 from what i can hear01:14:266 (4,5) - you don't stack this but you stacked the note/slider before this??01:15:016 (6,1) - and then this too and you stack 01:16:516 (3,4) - immediately after what?????????????? keep these stacks consistent man this is all over the place in terms of that01:30:016 (6,1) - if you don't fix the stacks then 6 needs to be closer to 1 because that's how every other pattern was prior01:33:016 (7,8,1) - this is actually 1/8 so don't change this one01:51:204 (1,2) - this blanket cuts way too short and looks ugly because it overlaps with the sliderhead of 1 partially, fix pls01:55:891 (4) - if you're following the guitar riffidk what's the proper snapping for it though and it probably doesn't matter cuz od 8 but X D01:59:454 (3) - nc this since you're not doing repeat sliders like beforetbh the chorus could use a bit more mapping since vocals and whatnot, following the guitar and drums only here makes it really undervalued compared to the rest of the map02:09:204 (3) - nc02:11:454 (3) - nc02:42:204 (1) -02:59:454 (3,4) - stacking this kind of seems dumb compared to the other patterns before where you never did this03:00:954 (2,3,4) - stacking 2 and 3 here is also pretty dumb03:02:454 (8) -03:06:204 (1) - don't need to silence this sliderend since there's a guitar riff there03:09:204 (1) - these kiai flashes are so unnecessary pleaS03:13:985 (2,3,4,5,6,7) - i agree with the spacing change, but it shouldn't be this drastic of a change compared to 03:13:141 (1,2,3,4,5,6)03:15:204 (1,2,3,4) - these would be better off as single notes to fit the music better03:21:204 (1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12) - this stream plays like aids because of 03:21:672 (6,7,8,9,10,11,12) - like why do zigzags here plse03:23:079 (4,5,1,2) - this section would be better off playing as one whole section but more spaced compared to the rest03:25:704 (1,2,3,4,1,2,3,4,1,2,3,4,1,2,3,4) - this is disorienting because of the 1/6 drums in the background, drums are more apparent than the guitar so follow those03:30:766 (3,4,5) - no need to stack these03:41:922 (1,2,3) - reduce spacing here like what you did on 03:40:329 (1,2,3,4)03:43:704 (5,6,7) - 1/6 drums would be better here again03:52:704 (1) - silence the slidertick too03:55:329 (2,3) - why stack these this looks ugly :[04:01:329 (2) - stacking this on the sliderhead just looks bleh and doesnt play well either IDK about this (similar situation 04:03:766 (2) - here)04:01:610 (4) -04:07:329 (2,3) - this is just misleading as fuck lo (also there should be like two notes on the red and blue tick after this note??)04:10:891 (4,5,6) - by following the piano here you like completely butchered the rhythm pattern of following the guitar you've done previously pls dont04:12:204 (1,2) - this and the next one, stack doesn't work as well here and also the stack isn't even aligned properly man04:19:516 (3) - whAt is this slider even FOLLOWINGmg04:21:204 (1,2) - stack doesnt work as well here eitherok for like this entire last chorus why is everything stacked when nothing was stacked for a majority of the map, doesn't make sense04:30:016 (3) -04:30:204 (1,2) - the first slider is p. good but then the second slider comes and it's like wow look at this fuckin 130-degree angles shift what why??? just keep the flow and put it on the same side as the sliderend, or ctrl+g as it is now04:51:204 (1,2) - "I got lazy so I put sliders here instead of what I've done previously"04:57:214 (1,1) - ^ seriously cmon man04:59:754 (3,4) - these two notes aren't snapped properly and IDK what the proper snapping for them is so had funn05:00:564 (1) - SILENCE THIS SPINNER FJBGN M
US President Barack Obama. REUTERS/Jonathan Erns The US government has "overreached" in asking for data that is held on a server in Dublin, according to Doug Hauger, general manager for national cloud programmes at Microsoft.
In an interview with ComputerWeekly, Hauger laid out how Microsoft, which is currently engaged in a legal battle with the US government, sees granting access to data stored in the European Union.
"We believe they have overreached in their ability to gain data that is outside the US," they said.
The current legal battle started when the US government requested access to data held on a Microsoft server in Dublin, Ireland. Microsoft refused and was taken to court. The case is ongoing.
"Customers want us to be transparent on how we keep their data secure," said Hauger. "We are very clear that if we receive a request from a law enforcement agency for your data, we will redirect that request to you and, where we are allowed to, we will reveal to you that we have been asked to provide access to your data."
In late 2015, a ruling by the European Union changed the way that "data residency" works. US companies, such as Microsoft or Facebook, have users in Europe and were previously allowed to store that data on US-based servers. Now, however, that data has to be stored in a European country.
Microsoft has announced it is building two new data centres in Europe — one in the UK and one in Germany — and has been publicly fighting US government attempts to access that data.
Amazon and Microsoft are also locked into a battle over the cloud storage and services market in Europe, which is estimated to be worth $11 billion (£7 billion) per year.
For its part, Microsoft is touting security and trust. "We want to make sure customers' data is secure," said Hauger. "One of the ways we do this is to encrypt data in transit between our cloud services, which means that it is essentially not available to people even if they have access to the cloud infrastructure."
On Tuesday, Facebook user Heather Smith received a death threat on the social media platform from a Houston-based user who called themselves Matt Walters. The lengthy message listed in gruesome detail how Walters planned on kidnapping, torturing and murdering Smith.
But when Smith turned to Houston police for help, they "brushed [her] off," according to a series of screenshots they publicly posted to their Facebook profile. Smith also implored readers to share their post for fear that "he might try to do this to another black woman."
Walters' makes their racial motivations clear, writing that they would tie Smith up in "a dark place just because I'm nice."
"After all," the message continued, "you obviously hate white people and the light bulb was invented by a white guy!!!"
As they went on, the threats got increasingly graphic. "You probably like that shit though because you're a filthy black chick!!"
A screenshot of Walters' profile also shows them using the n-word alongside a post showing "Black Lives Matter" spray painted on a Confederate grave.
In the comments, Smith described their experience with the police, "The lady took a deep breath as if annoyed and told me to make a police report where I live. And that's it. ... What more could there be to a stranger messaging me about how he's gonna kill me?"
According to their initial post, Smith said Walters blocked them on Facebook after sending the messages, Smith said in a Facebook comment, but friends and fellow Facebook users went after Walters on their own.
One user reported Walter to Facebook, which reportedly wrote back that Walter hadn't violated any community standards. On the other hand, another Facebook user was temporarily blocked from the platform for sharing Smith's post:
And when that same user reached out to Walters' brother regarding the written threats, their brother dismissed it as "jist [sic] a joke" and said Smith was "being baligerant [sic]."
But Smith commented that they had never spoken to Walters, calling them a stranger.
According to Smith, she, too, has been temporarily suspended from their own Facebook account for sharing the messages.
This isn't the first time she's received Facebook threats, Smith told Mic, but it is the first time they've been this specific.
"I've gotten messages with racial slurs — people just talking loud and saying nothing," they said. "But never anything this in-depth and this much like a threat. This was scary."
They eventually reached out to their local police department who, they told Mic, "laughed it off" and "begrudgingly" made a report. Smith added they suspect they are targeted for being vocal about racism and social issues on their Facebook page.
"Racists don't like what I'm doing," Smith said. "They don't like my calling it blatant racism in this country. But I do it anyway. But none of it merits a threat on my life. It reveals how deep this racism can go."
Mic reached out to the Houston Police Department, but no one was immediately available for comment.
