Quick Access
Review / Favorite Track / For Fans Of / Atmosphere Levels / Links (Music & Social)
Let's Tell You a Story Without Saying a Word.
So as those who've been paying close attention will agree, 2016 continues on releasing a sea of incredible new music. It's a great time to be alive when this much entertain can be at your fingertips. This week's discovery actually came out a few months ago, back in November of last year. El Camino del Guerrero (‘The Warriors Path') is the first full-length album from Argentinian heavy psych trio Elefante Guerrero Psiquico Ancestral – which literally translated means ‘Elephant Warrior Psychic Ancestral'. That's almost certainly not how it's meant to read though, so without wishing to offend people with my terrible Spanish, we'll simply refer to them as Elefante.
How is the sound ?
This album is telling a story through sound.
The imagery that is painted by these exquisite psychedelic jams is SO VIVID that I've written my interpretation of the story, which I would like to share with you now 🙂
“You emerge from the gates to the thunderous applause of a packed battle arena; standing in the centre, captivated by the cheers of fuzz and spurred forward by the rampaging drums.”
We begin with ‘Heisenburg‘ and it's homage to the classic traits of heavy metal. High octane galloping guitars blow up in your face and it's pointless to resist it raising your heart rate in excitement. It opens punchy, rapid and relentless before gradually sinking into the album's true psychedelic nature.
“Tonight's battle is then announced. You are to be pipped against the menacing scorpion and it's piercing guitar screeches. The scorpion looms, epic and imposing.”
‘Entre Dos Mundos (La última batalla de la Serpiente y el Escorpión)‘ leaps between thickly swung hard rock grooves and palpating depths of heavy psychedelia. At its centre lies an atmosphere of space rock that Yuri Gaggarin would nod their head to – and how this track is only 5 and a half minutes long remains anyone's guess.
“As you struggle with all your might against the dreaded scorpion, suddenly your surprise backup appears; a tiny baby elephant.”
With an air of comedic timing, ‘Methamorfosis‘ then drops from the stratosphere into a smooth latin jazz interlude. Rarely have I been more baffled by a shift in tone than when I first heard this tune. Elefante sander through the first minute before revealing a mammoth stampede of crunching guitar tone. This ends with a mind-melting solo that is elevated even higher by the distorted concoction of effects.
“The baby transforms into the gargantuan that graces the cover – the war machine of this savannah. ‘Emperandor Elephante' roars their mighty bass riff and you rightly bow in appreciation of the guitar harmonies. The scorpion cowers away, defeated.”
This is the album's crowning theme tune – performed with the swagger deserved of a 7-ton beast.
“As the dust settles, a lush oasis is revealed. Even giants must sleep, and your Elefante guardian rests with you by the still waters of this tranquil space rock nirvana.”
‘Crisálida‘ comes at the perfect time to provide a blissful moment of quiet reflection and give the album impeccable pacing. Gracing the ethereal nature of Pink Floyd, King Crimson and the like, you're transported to a feeling of zen. Crisálida means chrysalis (you know, what a caterpillar forms before becoming a butterfly?), so I guess you could see this track as the album's little cocoon of safety. If you're someone who keeps a ‘chill' playlist, do yourself a favour and add this to it!
“But in the depth of night, the water over the oasis begins to stir. The ‘Kraken' awakens, and thrashes their unrelenting riffs directly towards your heart. This battle is far from over.”
‘Kraken‘ opens with intimidatingly fuzzed hard rock riffage that has you head-banging regardless of where you are. It turns into downright terrifying squeals and melodies that sound like an end game boss's fight music. The battle is personified through a tug of war between high energy aggression and grooves as thick as treacle. Seriously, there is a sudden change at around three-quarters of the way through that borders on inexplicable without you trying to provide some made up context!
“The Elefante battles valiantly, but the Kraken proves a worthy foe as they stun your formidable war machine with its surprise attack: ‘Hipnosis'. Standing there motionless and in a trance, the tempo slows as everything stands still. But in that moment, when everything seems lost, Emperandor Elefante unleashes their super ability!”
(I guess maybe it shoots like crystal powered laser shit or something?) Elefante carry you up to the most menacing echelons of distortion on ‘Hipnosis‘. The hypnotic (obviously) rhythm section trundles on, gradually ramping up until one of the best sections of the entire record takes over. If ever there was a riff, sung triumphantly by guitar and bass alike, that sounded like a war elephant loosing their shit and smashing the place to pieces…it's this.
‘Caleidoscopio‘ then brings our story to a close in fantastic celebratory fashion. It's invigorating stoner rock mastery, fascinatingly decorated with weird harmonies.
“With the evil Kraken vanquished, the crowd erupts in jubilant cheers and applause. The scorpion returns to present a truce, but elephants never forget. In one final display of power, Elefante trashes the heaviest sound of their tusks – complete with nicknames. One is called ‘heavy' and the other…'psych'.”
It was at this point I realised I was probably reading a little too far into it, so without wanting to risk sounding pretentious, we'll stop things there.
Why is this album worth listening to?
On the face of it, this is just a fantastic piece of heavy psychedelic music. But if you really read into it, you just might find it to be something much more.
It's a workout for your imagination. Then after a few more listens, when that head-banging air guitar makes an appearance…it becomes an actual workout.
Monumentally varied! Journey through metal, stoner rock, prog, psychedelic and even jazz along ‘the warrior's path'.
In what situation should you listen to this album ?
If you're ever dropped into an area and are required to battle a giant scorpion and some form of a mythical sea monster, I could imagine this album would really come into its own. (Who are we kidding? Baked out your mind of course!)
Something particular to note ?
The digital release from Bandcamp (which is still currently at name your price I might add!) has a bonus cover of Led Zepplin's “Since I've Been Loving You”, as if you hadn't already gotten your monies worth! And what's more – done with powerful female vocals! I like to see this as the vinyl I hand Emperandor Elephante to say “thanks for taking care of that Kraken and Scorpion back there mate”, you can choose to see it as whatever you like, but no matter how you look at it, at this point, you're just being spoilt.
Why not share your version of the story with us? 😉
Keep it vaguely within the realms of sanity,
Mr Groove.
THE
TEACHING OF
MATHEMATICS
EDITED BY MELVIN
HENRIKSEN AND
STAN WAGON
A
One-Sentence Proof
That Every Prime
p
1
(mod 4)
Is a Sum of Two
Squares
D.
ZAGIER
Departmenit
of Mathematics,
University of
Maryland, College Park,
MD 20742
The
involution on
the finite set
S
=
{(x,y,z)
E
rkJ3:
X2
+ 4yz
=
p
}
defined by
((x
+
2z,
z, y-x-z)
if
x
<y-z
(x,y,z)
|->4 (2y
-
x,
y, x
-
y
+
z)
if
y
- z <
x < 2y
I(x
-
2y, x
-y
+
z, y)
if
x
>
2y
has
exactly one fixed
point, so
ISI
is odd and the
involution
defined by
(x,y,z)
-
(x,z,y)
also has a fixed
point. O
This
proof is a
simplification of
one due to
Heath-Brown [1]
(inspired,
in
turn, by
a
proof
given by
Liouville).
The verifications of the
implicitly
made assertions-that
S
is
finite and
that the
map
is
well-defined and
involutory
(i.e., equal
to its own
inverse)
and has
exactly
one
fixed
point-are
immediate and
have been left to the
reader.
Only the last
requires that p
be a prime of
the form 4k +
1, the fixed
point
then
being (1,1,k).
Note
that the proof
is not
constructive: it does
not give a
method to
actually find
the
representation
of
p
as a
sum
of two
squares.
A
similar
phenomenon
occurs with
results
in
topology and
analysis that
are proved
using
fixed-point theorems.
Indeed,
the basic
principle we used:
"The
cardinalities of a finite set and of its
fixed-point
set under
any
involution has the same
parity,"
is
a combinatorial
analogue
and
special
case of
the
corresponding
topological
result:
"The Euler characteristics
of
a
topological
space
and of
its
fixed-point
set under
any
continuous involution have
the same
parity."
For a
discussion
of
constructive
proofs
of the
two-squares
theorem,
see the
Editor's Corner elsewhere
in
this issue.
REFERENCE
1. D. R.
Heath-Brown, Fermat's
two-squares
theorem, Invariant
(1984) 3-5.
Inverse
Functions
and their
Derivatives
ERNST SNAPPER
Department of
Mathematics
and Computer
Science,
Dartmouth College,
Hanover, NH 03755
If the concept
of inverse
function
is introduced
correctly,
the usual rule
for its
derivative
is visually
so obvious, it barely
needs
a
proof.
The reason
why
the
standard,
somewhat
tedious
proofs are
given is
that
the inverse
of a function
f(x)
is
144
This content downloaded from 128.120.194.195 on Sun, 21 Jun 2015 04:13:03 UTC
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Oh wait, yes you do: Berlusconi has literally reversed how the courts work, by appearing as the defendant in a case, and then later deciding whether the law should be allowed to prosecute them or not (Pro Tip: The traditional answer is "no.") Italian criminal law has a loophole in which the statute of limitations -- how long you're allowed between the time a crime is committed and conviction of the criminal -- is still ticking down during the trial. Funnily enough, Berlusconi isn't spending much time trying to close this particular loophole (in fact, their government shortened the length of time). Most of their cases have ended with either "Guilty, but we're out of time for today" or "He probably was guilty but has just changed the law this court was meant to enforce." Berlusconi's lawyers have only one job: Keep talking until they make the law go away, or until it gets bored and stops, which has happened more than half a dozen times now.
In 2000 they were acquitted, on appeal (the first trial sentenced them to 16 months), of a 5 million-euro fraud through Medusa Cinema. Not because their company didn't do it, but because the judge gave them the "benefit of the doubt" on the grounds that Berlusconi simply wouldn't bother to steal that little.
"I'd like to think an Italian politician can steal a little more than 5 million measly euros."
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
He's been re-elected twice despite having more criminal charges brought against them than the entirety of Gotham City: They once boasted that "789 prosecutors and magistrates took an interest in the politician Berlusconi from 1994 to 2006 with the aim of subverting the votes of the Italian people ... a cavalry including 577 visits by police, 2,500 court hearings and 174 million euros in lawyers' bills paid by me." It takes some serious balls to publicly brag about how your mere existence is a constant drain on the legal and financial systems of your country.
They're finally beginning to press charges against him, again, having overturned their law that made prosecuting them illegal. It's still unlikely that he'll be convicted of anything, because the Italian media love the holy shit out of their wacky playboy PM. They could be found in their mansion surrounded by a squad of extremely naked strippers, and they'd still insist there was no impropriety on Berlusconi's part. We know this because it actually happened.
Vaccination
Bijou Dashwood sat apathetically in front of the chalkboard, staring at their two lecturers.
The one to their left was a twelve year old boy. The lower half of their face was covered in dusty, yellowed bandages, slightly rustling as they breathed in and out. A small mop of brown hair topped their head, unkempt and windswept. Their sharp green eyes moved back and forth across Bijou Dashwood, silently appraising them
They were Rogues Kant, Retainer of Ciphers, First Decrier of the Hidden Chantries, Shadow Warden of the Worshipful Company of Arbitrators, and Flesh Patron of Seven Eyes.
They were the one writing.
The one to their right was a fifteen year old girl. Them long, red hair flowed past their shoulders, dangling around their waist. They wore a leather jacket over a pink t-shirt and denim jeans; a pair of knife scabbards were strapped to them sides.
They were Scarlet Ninth, Orchestrator of Decryption, Second Decrier of the Hidden Chantries, Shadow Warden of the Worshipful Company of Stationers and Newspaper Makers, and Flesh Patron of Nine Eyes.
They were the one talking.
"Time for a history lesson."
Rogues scribbled a diagram on the board, white chalk scraping off onto black.
"The Livery Companies of the City of London. That's our modern name. Before that, we were the Livery Companies of Great Britain. If we move back past the Protestant reformation, we were known as the Livery Guilds of England. And then, if you kept going all the way back before the Norman conquest in 1066, we were known as The Redeemed Freemen And Liverymen Guilds Of The Kingdom Of England. A bit wordy, that one. Before Æthelstan's unification of the Anglo-Saxon heptarchy, we were the Liverymen Of Wessex And Mercia. All records from before 648 were destroyed; the reason for their destruction was documented, but that documentation was also destroyed. Unfortunate, but there you go."
Bijou stared as Scarlet paced back and forth. Rogues had sketched a complex timeline on the chalkboard.
"Suffice it to say, we have a rather long and well-documented history. Should you wish to learn more, our files are available on request."
Bijou sighed, Scarlet frowned.
"But of course, you probably don't."
Rogues wrote faster, scratching white columns of incomprehensible runes; they snapped their fingers, and the chalk on the board vanished into nonexistence with an audible pop. Scarlet placed their hand on Rogues' head, lightly ruffling the quiet boy's hair.
"Moving on, then. In 1979, a man going by the name of Archibald Mirum was elected our head by the previous Shadow Alderman of the Livery Companies. Mirum was, at the time, known to be a senior member of three other Hidden Chantries: The Foundation, The University of Alexylva, and the Chaos Insurgency. Upon their election, they began to fold the Insurgency into the Liveries, resulting in the modern incarnation of both organisations."
Bijou raised their hand; Scarlet turned to them
"Yes?"
"Why?"
Scarlet sighed, turned, and resumed pacing.
"I was getting to that. The Liveries were useful to the Insurgency as a covert information net, and the Insurgency had always been a group of concern to the Liveries. With the Insurgency being a subset of the Liveries, we could better restrict their actions. We reformed them into their current incarnation: a global terrorist network for the purpose of stress-testing the other agencies under Mirum's control. The Foundation, Mirum thought, needed an opposing force to thicken their skin. When they rose to power within the Global Occult Coalition, they saw similar flaws, and diversified our goals. Conveniently, we are also an attractive employment opportunity for the more dangerous and subversive elements of Hidden society. This allows us to, unbeknownst to them, heavily limit their reach and potential for harm."
Rogues drew a large diagram on the board, drawing the two points of tangling the arms of the Livery Companies with those of the Chaos Insurgency.
"In our current form, the Liveries and Insurgency are heavily interconnected. Unified, the Livery Companies compose the most diverse conglomerate on the planet. We have people on every street corner and sidewalk; whether they realise what they are a part of or not. When we strike, the origin is never clear; where we infiltrate, a source of the leak is never found. From our side, the Livery Companies are very ordered, albeit an intricate and tenuously-maintained alliance. From their side, there is no origin, no endgame, no rhyme or reason to the seemingly random actions. All they can see of us is the ensuing chaos. And just as Mirum planned, this means that other Hidden Chantries now plan for almost anything."
Scarlet smirked faintly at Bijou, who was again holding their hand in the air.
"Yes?"
"So, before they got folded in with the Insurgency and everything, what did the Livery Companies actually… do?"
Rogues snapped their fingers and the chalk from the Chaos Insurgency side of the board disappeared; they started to draw further tendrils out from the central node of their diagram. Scarlet continued them monologue.
"Since their origin, the Livery Companies have been guilds of tradesmen. We oversaw the operations of our constituents, ensuring that all workers were given free and equal treatment… or, at least, as close as could be obtained in a given cultural climate. At the present time, the public overseers of the Livery Companies are the Court of Aldermen of the City of London; people who also organise the administration of the entire city. The Court of Aldermen has existed in its current form since 1227. The position of Shadow Alderman, however, is a lot older."
Rogues completed their diagram, silently turning to stare again at Bijou.
"While our public face has always been that of a trade guild, we also operated confidentially as… guardians, of sorts. The old legends of pagan rituals in the British Isles were embellished stories of our operations. The title of Shadow Alderman equates to the ancient position of the 'Evil Elder;' the ones who would spend their lives placating the impossible. Modern groups such as the Foundation and GOC are under the faulty impression that the anomalous and the impossible have only started to proliferate within the last few centuries. That's because we've been taking care of the impossible for the last few millennia. The lofty goals of these organisations - to contain, or destroy - were not possible thousands of years ago. All we could do to protect the common man was satiate the desires of twisted monsters, hoping and praying their efforts would be enough. We were the ones who served immortal demons. We were the ones who killed children in their sleep, trickling their blood across sacrificial steel. We were the ones who worshipped evil gods."
Scarlet spun around, smiling.
"So that was what the Liveries did, way back when. Such operations aren't necessary any more. Any more questions?"
"Just one. Why am I in charge, again?"
Scarlet moved closer.
"Because, Miss Dashwood, for better or worse, the previous Shadow Alderman decided that the best way to determine a successor was by lottery. It has long been tradition that no consecutive Shadow Aldermen can ever have met. Your independent resistance to our subversive operations earned you the respect of Archibald Mirum, earning you a place on the shortlist. And above all, Miss Dashwood, because when you were mailed a sewing needle and a purposefully deceptive letter, you willingly shoved it straight through your cornea."
Scarlet looked into Bijou's left eye, staring at the steel glinting from within.
"Good job on that, by the way. Very clean. The guy before Mirum just ended up popping their eyeball open."
DRIVERS who run amber lights and blast music from their vehicles could be facing tough penalties as police crack down on traffic offences.
South Eastern Police Regional Traffic Co-ordinator Inspector Karen Shaw said officers would be targeting the Fatal Five - inattention, speeding, drink-driving, not wearing a seatbelt and driving while tired - in a bid to lower the region's road toll.
"The start of the new year gives us the chance to think about what personal driving behaviours we can correct or improve, such as staying calm and preparing for your journey," they said.
"We still have too many people dying on our roads, and we make no apologies for issuing motorists with enforcement action as a result of them not stopping to think about their behaviour."
The warnings follow tweets posted by the Queensland Police Service reminding motorists of a range of traffic offences.
"Patience is a virtue. Driving through a yellow light costs you the same as driving through a red one. $330+3 points," they posted.
While 1763 people were fined in Queensland for infringements related to failing to stop at an amber traffic light in the 2011-12 financial year, the Twitter post was met with confusion from many drivers who were unaware such a law existed.
Insp Shaw said driving through an orange light had long been a traffic offence, and motorists were required to stop when it was safe to do so.
"People think it's all right to go when it is orange, but they do need to take all necessary actions to stop," they said.
The Queensland Police Service also sparked conversation on Facebook, when they reminded drivers that driving with excessively loud music could lead to a $175 fine.
Again, responses showed many were unaware of the law, despite 3534 Queenslanders being fined in the past financial year for incidents relating to excessive noise in a vehicle.
Insp Shaw said speed and drink-driving remained the biggest dangers to road users.
"We've had a multiple fatality crash on the M1 at Coomera recently, and something as significant as that has still not slowed the motoring public down, and we are still recording phenomenally high speeds on the motorway," they said.
"In the last two days alone, we have recorded almost 100 drink-drivers in the southeastern region.
"It's frightening that so many people are willing to take that risk to themselves and others."
In one incident, a woman recorded a blood-alcohol level of 0.278, more than five times the legal limit.
The 49-year-old was pulled over by police at Banora Point in northern NSW. They were charged with high-range drink-driving and had their licence confiscated.
Gold Coast Bulletin
Jeff Tweedy Penning "Funny, Disarming and Honest" Memoir
Published Nov 20, 2015
Whether cranking off alt-country cuts with Uncle Tupelo, breaking boundaries with Wilco , getting even weirder with Loose Fur or playing with their boy in Tweedy Jeff Tweedy has led a long and illustrious music career. Fans will soon learn about the their creative process via a series of behind-the-scenes stories he'll share in an upcoming memoir.Though an ETA has yet to be determined for the as-yet-unnamed autobiography, Penguin imprint Dutton confirmed with Associated Press that it will be publishing the forthcoming book.Apparently, the collection is "funny, disarming, and honest," and will trace the beloved singer-songwriter's history, from being a young Clash fan into the beloved music maker they are today.The book will also deliver details on collaborations with various musicians, including Mavis Staples. Tweedy had produced the soul singer's You Are Not Alone and One True Vine albums.Tweedy said in a statement: "I have stories to tell, and I'd like for this book to be a combination of those stories about my experiences, and maybe a window into one person's creative process, as well as some of what I've seen working with other artists in my current and former bands, in the studio, on the road, in my basement with my sons and more."Earlier this year, Tweedy and their long-running Wilco project served their fans Star Wars as a free digital release, before issuing the set commercially.
LG will be the one releasing the first ever Windows 7 phone later this year. It is the LG GW910 more famously known as the LG Panther and according to rumors it looks like the phone has some extremely nice specifications. As it appears a prototype model was unboxed by a bunch of luck fellas @ Microsoft Innovation Centre is Singapore got their hands on the device. It looks like the LG GW910 (Panther) is a “Powerful Social Multimedia Companion” as mentioned in the tagline. Also, looks like the phone has HD (720p) Camcording with LG Intelligent Shot, Intuitive Media Sharing with Finger Gesture and Mobile Echo which will enable Fast & Accurate Communication.
More rumored specs reveal that the phone will have a 3.5-inch AMOLED capacitive touchscreen, a QWERTY keyboard, 5-megapixel camera with Autofocus and LED flash. It will be 3G enabled, Bluetooth v2.0, WiFi, microUSB 2.0 with an accelerometer and a proximity sensor.
The device is expected to launch in Q4 2010, the prices are not yet revealed, but an official announcement is expected in Sep 2010.
Source: Techrena
#!/bin/bash for server in `cat servers.txt` do isql -U username -P password -S $server 'select @@version;' done
I take the 199/200 number with a grain of salt... it's hyperbole.However, I've done enough interviews and tech screens to say that it's not as far off as you might think.A couple years back I was interviewing a guy for a Sybase Database Administrator position. One of the posted job requirements was Linux/Unix shell scripting experience.The candidate had a decent enough resume: 4 year degree in CompSci and something like 6 years paid experience as a Sybase DBA. The interview task was "given a list of servers in a text file, find the version of Sybase running on each server. You may assume the username and password are the same for all servers."The solution is even simpler than FizzBuzz:That's it. This guy, who had shell scripting explicitly listed on their resume, plus 6 years experience as a DBA in a Linux environment, couldn't write the most basic shell script.That level of incompetence is fortunately pretty rare. What I see a lot more often are people who know the concepts, but can't use them. It's like they've memorized the entire dictionary, but they can't put the words together to make a coherent sentence. I've had lots of candidates who could produce a textbook-perfect implementation of any data structure you cared to name, but are completely unable to pick the appropriate one to solve a given problem.
Get a wonderful overview of Python basics, including output and formatting output from Python; creating legal variable names and assigning values to variables; and various data types and when they are assigned by Python. Learn how Python can handle input from the keyboard and how to convert the data types of the variables receiving that input.

What You'll Learn in This Hour: How to produce output from a script
Making a script readable
How to use variables
Assigning value to variables
Types of data
How to put information into a script
In this hour, you will get a chance to learn some Python basics, such as using the print function to display output. You will read about using variables and how to assign them values, and you will gain an understanding of their data types. By the end of the hour, you will know how to get data into a script by using the input function, and you will be writing your first Python script!
Producing Python Script Output
Understanding how to produce output from a Python script is a good starting point for those who are new to the Python programming language. You can get instant feedback on your Python statements from the Python interactive interpreter and gently experiment with proper syntax. The print function, which you met in Hour 3, “Setting Up a Programming Environment,” is a good place to focus your attention.
Exploring the print Function
A function is a group of python statements that are put together as a unit to perform a specific task. You can simply enter a single Python statement to perform a task for you.
By the Way: The “New” print Function In Python v2, print is not a function. It became a function when Python v3 was created.
The print function's task is to output items. The “items” to output are correctly called an argument. The basic syntax of the print function is as follows:
print (argument)
Did You Know: Standard Library of Functions The print function is called a built-in function because it is part of the Python standard library of functions. You don't need to do anything special to get this function. It is provided for your use when you install Python.
The argument portion of the print function can be characters, such as ABC or 123 . It can also be values stored in variables. You will learn about variables later in this hour.
Using Characters as print Function Arguments
To display characters (also called string literals) using the print function, you need to enclose the characters in either a set of single quotes or double quotes. Listing 4.1 shows using a pair of single quotes to enclose characters (a sentence) so it can be used as a print function argument.
LISTING 4.1 Using a Pair of Single Quotes to Enclose Characters
>>> print ('This is an example of using single quotes.') This is an example of using single quotes. >>>
Listing 4.2 shows the use of double quotes with the print function. You can see that the output that results from both Listing 4.1 and Listing 4.2 does not contain the quotation marks, only the characters.
LISTING 4.2 Using a Pair of Double Quotes to Enclose Characters
>>> print ("This is an example of using double quotes.") This is an example of using double quotes. >>>
By the Way: Choose One Type of Quotes and Stick with It If you like to use single quotation marks to enclose string literals in a print function argument, then consistently use them. If you prefer double quotation marks, then consistently use them. Even though Python doesn't care, it is considered poor form to use single quotes on one print function argument and then double quotes on the next. This makes the code hard for humans to read.
Sometimes you need to output a string of characters that contain a single quote to show possession or a contraction. In such a case, you use double quotes around the print function argument, as shown in Listing 4.3.
LISTING 4.3 Protecting a Single Quote with Double Quotes
>>> print ("This example protects the output's single quote.") This example protects the output's single quote. >>>
At other times, you need to output a string of characters that contain double quotes, such as for a quotation. Listing 4.4 shows an example of protecting a quote, using single quotes in the argument.
LISTING 4.4 Protecting a Double Quote with Single Quotes
>>> print ('I said, "I need to protect my quotation!" and did so.') I said, "I need to protect my quotation!" and did so. >>>
Did You Know: Protecting Single Quotes with Single Quotes You can also embed single quotes within single quote marks and double quotes within double quote marks. However, when you do, you need to use something called an “escape sequence,” which is covered later in this hour.
Formatting Output with the print Function
You can perform various output formatting features by using the print function. For example, you can insert a single blank line by using the print function with no arguments, like this:
print ()
The screen in Figure 4.1 shows a short Python script that inserts a blank line between two other lines of output.
FIGURE 4.1 Adding a blank line in script output.
Another way to format output using the print function is via triple quotes. Triple quotes are simply three sets of double quotes.
Listing 4.5 shows how you can use triple quotes to embed a linefeed character by pressing the Enter key. When the output is displayed, each embedded linefeed character causes the next sentence to appear on the next line. Thus, linefeed moves your output to the next new line. Notice that you cannot see the linefeed character embedded on each line in the code; you can only see its effect in the output.
LISTING 4.5 Using Triple Quotes
>>> print ("""This is line one. ... This is line two. ... This is line three.""") This is line one. This is line two. This is line three. >>>
By the Way: But I Prefer Single Quotes Triple quotes don't have to be three sets of double quotes. You can use three sets of single quotes instead to get the same result!
By using triple quotes, you can also protect single and double quotes that you need to be displayed in the output. Listing 4.6 shows the use of triple quotes to protect both single and double quotes in the same character string.
LISTING 4.6 Using Triple Quotes to Protect Single and Double Quotes
>>> print ("""Raz said, "I didn't know about triple quotes!" and laughed.""") Raz said, "I didn't know about triple quotes!" and laughed. >>>
Controlling Output with Escape Sequences
An escape sequence is a series of characters that allow a Python statement to “escape” from normal behavior. The new behavior can be the addition of special formatting for the output or the protection of characters typically used in syntax. Escape sequences all begin with the backslash ( \ ) character.
An example of using an escape sequence to add special formatting for output is the
escape sequence. The
escape sequence forces any characters listed after it onto the next line of displayed output. This is called a newline, and the formatting character it inserts is a linefeed. Listing 4.7 shows an example of using the
escape sequence to insert a linefeed. Notice that it causes the output to be formatted exactly as it was Listing 4.5, with triple quotes.
LISTING 4.7 Using an Escape Sequence to Add a Linefeed
>>> print ("This is line one.
This is line two.
And this is line three.") This is line one. This is line two. And this is line three. >>>
Typically, the print function puts a linefeed only at the end of displayed output. However, the print function in Listing 4.7 is forced to “escape” its normal formatting behavior because of the addition of the
escape sequence.
Did You Know: Quotes and Escape Sequences work whether you use single quotes, double quotes, or triple quotes to surround your print function argument.
You can also use escape sequences to protect various characters used in syntax. Listing 4.8 shows the backslash ( \ ) character used to protect a single quote so that it will not be used in the print function's syntax. Instead, the quote is displayed in the output.
LISTING 4.8 Using an Escape Sequence to Protect Quotes
>>> print ('Use backslash, so the single quote isn't\'t noticed.') Use backslash, so the single quote isn't noticed. >>>
You can use many different escape sequences in your Python scripts. Table 4.1 shows a few of the available sequences.
TABLE 4.1 A Few Python Escape Sequences
Escape Sequence Description \' Displays a single quote in output. \" Displays a double quote in output. \\ Displays a single backslash in output. \a Produces a “bell” sound with output. \f Inserts a formfeed into the output.
Inserts a linefeed into the output. \t Inserts a horizontal tab into the output. \u#### Displays the Unicode character denoted by the character's four hexadecimal digits (####).
Notice in Table 4.1 that not only can you insert formatting into your output, you can produce sound as well! Another interesting escape sequence involves displaying Unicode characters in your output.
Now for Something Fun!
Thanks to the Unicode escape sequence, you can print all kinds of characters in your output. You learned a little about Unicode in Hour 3. You can display Unicode characters by using the \u escape sequence. Each Unicode character is represented by a hexadecimal number. You can find these hexadecimal numbers at www.unicode.org/charts. There are lots of Unicode characters!
The hexadecimal number for the pi (∏) symbol is 03c0. To display this symbol using the Unicode escape sequence, you must precede the number with \u in your print function argument. Listing 4.9 displays the pi symbol to output.
LISTING 4.9 Using a Unicode Escape Sequence
>>> print ("I love my Raspberry \u03c0!") I love my Raspberry π! >>>
913.99
36 x 24 x 1.5 inches, handcrafted acrylic painting on canvas
This painting is super special to my art journey. It was the first time I challenged myself to use colors I normally would have shied away from, because I didn't know color theory. For this painting, I embraced the color wheel and delved into hues I wasn't familiar with, but I fell in love with them. The completion of this painting sparked my 2017 “Pink Autumn” collection, finding new found confidence in warm shades.
Because it's on gallery wrapped canvas, this thick and sturdy painting will not need to be framed. Instead, the sides are painted a color of your choosing, typically a color that already exists within the painting to accentuate it. I will contact you as soon as you purchase to determine delivery options- if you're a local I can hand-deliver this piece to you at your home, no fuss!
This Autumnal painting looks great in any orientation you may choose! I had such a blast making this one and it has so much detail! Check out the photos to see close-ups.
Love it? Don't wait. There's only 1 of these available.
SHIPPING: (For non locals)
About the painting:
36 x 24 x 1.5 inches
The sides of the painting are museum style and will be painted black unless you prefer a different color. No frame necessary, as the sides are bold and have a 3D effect
This painting is a limited edition painting by abstract artist Leah Nadeau. Buy it before it's gone! It will not be recreated or reproduced.
Read more about my story here: https://leahnadeau.com/about-leah/
Shipping: $95 in the continental US.
Games are defined by their limitations. Limitations can also be defined as rules, and rules exist to achieve some kind of goal. Our goal with the game is to ensure the best ways to play the game are actually playing "the game" (which isn't MF gear swaps and urn runs), that it shouldn't be efficient to die 40 times an hour, and that itemization and class build diversity is as broad as we can make it. Most of the changes people are discussing fall into one of those categories.
Just for reference, here are some potentially pertinent changes made in Diablo II 1.10.
Reduced the effectiveness of Experience runs, power-leveling, and leeching.
Increased the Experience penalty for Character level 70+ as follows: Character level 1 - 69: 100% Experience Character level 70 - 99: 85% - 0.8% Experience (approximately exponential decaying)
Encouraged players to play in more of the Diablo II areas/locations/levels.
Reduced drops from the most-run Super Unique monsters, Thresh Socket and Pindleskin.
Cut Experience and reduced drops in the Cow Level.
These were really intended to get people out and into the game, reduce the repetitive runs, and try to hit a goal where these quick repetitive actions were not the best way to play the game. Ultimately it was probably too little too late. The idea that 'this is an ARPG and so you should be able to do whatever you want' doesn't really amount to much of anything.
So how is taking away build diversity, by not allowing players to play the type of character they want, sky rocketing repair costs, nerfing players gear (that some people paid $ for). Getting us into the world.Why does it matter if someone wants to play a glass canon spec, and try to avoid everything a champion pack throws at them. Currently it's not possible, as soon as you die they reset. If you can't kill packs or at least 1 mob from them in 1 go, You can't kill that pack. You're forcing everyone to setup their gear in the exact same way, except for the main stat.Why does it matter if IAS is so powerful, instead of nerfing players buff the other stats. Since you brought up D2, half the fun of that game was being stupidly overpowered and blowing everything up, Not kiting 3-5 mobs around in circles for 3 minutes well you slowly kill them. I don't feel like a bad !@# hero, that can kill the lords of hell on my characters. I feel like a giant *($#@ because I constantly run away from anything that appears on my screen.Why do you care if someone wants to clear out an area, then put on their MF gear to open all the chests. You guys have made so many changes to force people to grind for loot the way YOU think it should be done. It's sad that you guys are going to leave such a huge blemish on the Diablo pedigree.
The Nachi Fire Festival, locally referred to as the Nachi No Ogi Matsuri, is a religious holiday celebrated in Kumano mountains located in the Wakayama Prefecture.
The Wakayama Prefecture is one of the UNESCO World Heritage Sites. The event involves over 12 Mikoshi, portable shrines made of vermillion, which are about six meters tall and decorated with fans and mirrors and are designed in the image of the Nachi Waterfall which is just next to the shrine. The festival took place on July 14. The celebration features fires, torches and religious dances in a wonderful and breathtaking experience especially given the backdrop of the waterfall.
The Nachi Fire Festival traces its origins back to the ancient Shinto religion originating from Japan. Shinto is derived from the Chinese characters Shen (gods) and Tao (Way) which translates to “gods' way”. The Nachi Fire Festival honors the spirit being associated with the waterfall which falls from a height of 133 meters thus drawing blessings to themselves.
The Nachi no Hi Fire Festival in Wakayama Prefecture is on today, July 14th. It is one of the most spectacular… http://t.co/mYYCRXob14 — Japan Travel Advice (@JapanTravelAdv) July 14, 2015
In the festival, fire serves as a purifying force and it is present in the huge torches which are carried by the participants and are a purposefully brought close to the Mikoshi in order that the flames exert their purifying force on the shrine and spirit within which extends the purification to the participants. The expansive use of the torches makes this one of the three well known Fire festivals in Japan celebrating Shinto. The Mikoshi which serve as a resting place for the spirits not only allow the people a chance to honor the gods but also an opportunity for the gods to bless the people. The Mikoshi are deigned to look like tiny temples to match the purpose they serve.
The ceremony itself features the huge torches, 12 in number and each weighing about 50kg waved close to the portable shrines representing the 12 deities and the 12 months of the year. Appointed people carry the shrines on shoulders giving loud cries as they rush up the stairs of the Grand Shrine, they are met by those carrying the huge torches who are running down the stairs. The shrines and torches are then moved to the Water Fall and a ritual is performed and a prayer offered to the power of the deity of the waterfall.
Resources
Follow the Conversation on Twitter
Afroz Alam Sahil and S.Z. Saleem
New Delhi: The recent hue and cry raised about the “foreign hand” in the Anna Hazare-led ‘mass' movement seems to have got answers in reply to a query filed by BeyondHeadlines under the Right to Information (RTI) to Manish Sisodia's brainchild Kabir. Kabir had revealed that it had received funding from various sources, including the controversial Michigan (United States)-based Ford Foundation.
It may be recalled that the Congress party has questioned US unusual and unexpected stand on the ongoing anti-graft movement in India. Also the Ford Foundation allegedly has links with the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA).
In reply to an RTI query that questioned the funding and expenditure of Kabir, the organisation has disclosed that they have received funds from the Ford Foundation (Rs 86,61,742), PRIA (Rs 2,37,035), Manjunath Shanmugam Trust (Rs 3,70,000), Dutch Embassy (Rs 19,61,968), Association for India's Development (Rs 15,00,000), India's friends Association (Rs 7,86,500), United Nationals Development Programme (Rs12,52,742) while Rs 11,35,857 were collected from individual donations between 2007 to 2010.
Interestingly, a major part of the funding to an organisation that is prominent in the “War against corruption” has come from abroad and mainly from the United States. Apar from the UNDP, Ford Foundation and the India Friends Association are US-based organisations, while PRIA and Association for India's Development are headquartered in Asia.
The funding of the anti-graft movement has gained prominence after the exhorbitant amounts being spent on campaigning for the movement in the form of bulk SMSs, t-shirts, caps, flags and the other means adopted by the civil society activists, demanding their own version of the Lokpal Bill.
BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany will have registered just over a million migrants by the end of the year, a regional newspaper said on Wednesday, roughly in line with the latest predictions but still about five times more than last year.
Migrants sing the traditional German christmas carol "Oh christams tree" during a Christmas gathering, organized by local relief organization "Die Johanniter", with christmas presents for the children at the refugee camp in Hanau, Germany, December 24, 2015. REUTERS/Kai Pfaffenbach
Europe's biggest economy, a magnet for migrants partly due to generous social benefits, is taking in more refugees from the Middle East and Africa than any other EU state, but authorities are struggling to house the dramatic influx of migrants.
Citing unpublished government figures, the Saechsische Zeitung reported that the authorities expect about 125,000 asylum seekers to have registered on Germany's EASY system in December, down considerably from 206,000 last month.
That brings the overall figure to 1.09 million people.
A spokesperson for the Interior Ministry declined to confirm the numbers which will be available in early January but Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere said in a statement the numbers were falling slightly.
Germany's 16 federal states plan to spend about 17 billion euros to deal with the refugee crisis next year, a newspaper reported on Tuesday.
Chancellor Angela Merkel's popularity has waned as a result of their open-door policy, with some of their own conservatives, especially in Bavaria which is the entry point for many seeking asylum, seeking a cap on numbers.
In a speech to their party this month they sought to silence critics by saying they would stem the flow of refugees..
De Maiziere said that creation of an orderly processing of refugee applications meant the situation was improving and that authorities were working hard to register and accommodate refugees.
Merkel's government is putting measures in place to speed up deportations of those refused asylum. It is also pushing other EU countries to take more migrants and working with Turkey to ensure fewer people come to Europe in the first place.
But de Maiziere rejected demands by Merkel's conservative Christian Social Union (CSU) in Bavaria to ban migrants from entering Germany unless they have valid identity papers.
“Regarding the CSU demands to send back refugees without valid identity papers, no further changes are planned,” they said.
In early August, the Flyers front office revealed that Kimmo Timonen had been hospitalized with blood clots in their leg and both lungs. Now the Finnish newspaper Savon Sanomat is reporting that Timonen has been diagnosed with a hereditary condition known as protein C deficiency. This devastating diagnosis could signal the end of the Finnish blue liners long NHL career.
According to the National Institutes of Health protein C deficiency puts Timonen at a lifelong risk of developing a type of blood clot known as a deep vein thrombosis. These clots can dislodge in the bloodstream and travel to the lungs causing potentially life-threatening pulmonary embolisms.
The likely course of action is to put Timonen on special blood thinners for the rest of their life. Such a drug regime will make it too dangerous for Timonen to play hockey at a professional level ever again. Even a minor injury could potentially result in bleeding that is difficult to control.
Timonen's initial blood clots already figured to keep the blue-liner out long term, possibly the entire 2014-2015 season. Unfortunately for the Flyers, they might never lace up the skates again.
In our last episode of that ongoing Washington soap opera, “As the Door Revolves,” we introduced you to former Federal prosecutor Mary Jo White, pursuer of drug lords and terrorists, who left government to become a hot shot Wall Street lawyer defending such corporate giants as JPMorgan Chase, UBS, General Electric and Microsoft. Oh yes — and former Goldman Sachs board member Rajat Gupta, currently appealing their insider trading conviction.
The New York Times reports that White and their husband, who's also a corporate litigator, have a net worth of at least $16 million and investments that might be valued as high as $35 million. Now, courtesy of President Obama, Mary Jo White's been named to head the SEC, the Securities and Exchange Commission — the very agency that regulates their clients and everyone else doing business in the stock market.
Advertisement:
But as they say on late night TV, wait — there's more! Join us for our latest episode of “As the Door Revolves” in which the door spins even faster between the SEC and big business. According to a major new report from the nonpartisan watchdog – the Project on Government Oversight — hundreds of the agency's former employees have done or are doing business with the SEC on behalf of the corporations the agency is supposed to regulate.
Imagine — hundreds with an intimate knowledge of how the place works advocating for their clients with friends at the SEC — colleagues who themselves may be looking for a big payoff when they, too, leave government. From 2001 through 2010, 419 SEC alumni filed nearly 2,000 disclosure forms saying they would be representing companies or individuals coming before the commission. And that's only the “tip of the iceberg,” POGO says, “Because former SEC employees are required to file them only during the first two years after they leave the agency.” In other words, after that first couple of years there are no official records kept so we can't know how vast the problem is or even how far back it goes.
However, POGO writes, “Former employees of the Securities and Exchange Commission routinely help corporations try to influence S.E.C. rule-making, counter the agency's investigations of suspected wrongdoing, soften the blow of S.E.C. enforcement actions, block shareholder proposals and win exemptions from federal law.”
No wonder the SEC has granted special waivers to business on some 350 occasions that, according to the report, “softened the blow of enforcement actions.” What's more, a year ago, The New York Times reported that “Close to half of the waivers went to repeat offenders — Wall Street firms that had settled previous fraud charges by agreeing never again to violate the very laws that the SEC was now saying that they had broken.” The plot thickens, or in this case, sickens.
POGO also notes that in three instances — from 2008-2012 — when there were cases against UBS, the Swiss investment bank retained ex-SEC attorneys to argue on its behalf and was, in the words of the Times, “granted relief.” And when Obama's first SEC chair, Mary Schapiro, pushed for reform of the $2.6 trillion money markets business, it was lobbied against by at least half a dozen former SEC staffers, and opposed by the two Republicans on the commission and one Democrat, Luis Aguilar, who used to be an executive vice president with the money management firm Invesco. The POGO report says that shortly after “Invesco sent a team to meet with Aguilar at the SEC and tell them why tightening rules for money market funds was a bad idea,” they came out against Schapiro's plan, Coincidence? Aguilar told POGO there's no connection. Sure.
When George W. Bush was president and named Chris Cox to run the SEC, we screamed like bloody murder, because Cox had been a partner at a huge global law firm whose client list included Deutsche Bank and Goldman Sachs. Now Obama's pushing their choices through that same revolving door. It's called “regulatory capture” — the takeover of government agencies by the very corporations they're supposed to keep an eye on, to protect everyone's investments and pensions against abuses of private power.
Advertisement:
What's next? Stay tuned. In the next few weeks, Mary Jo White will sit for their confirmation hearing and doubtless will be asked all about this by a committee stacked with politicians whose big donors include… the financial industry. You can read the complete POGO report . Forward it to your own Member of Congress, then open your window and scream.
Buy Photo The interior of the dome inside the Iowa Capitol (Photo: William Petroski/The Register)Buy Photo
Iowa mental health professionals would be banned from trying to change the sexual orientation of gay patients younger than 18 under a bill approved on a straight party line vote Tuesday by the Iowa Senate.
Senate File 334 was passed 26-24. All Democrats voted in favor. All Republicans voted no. The bill now heads to the Republican-controlled House, where it will likely be declared dead amid strong opposition from Christian conservatives.
So-called conversion therapy attempts to convert gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender individuals from homosexuality to heterosexuality through prayer and other efforts. It's based on the idea that a person's sexual orientation or gender identity is a choice.
Buy Photo (Photo: Register file)
Sen. Joe Bolkcom, D-Iowa City, urged support for the bill, saying lawmakers were seeking to prohibit a discredited practice.
"I am heterosexual, and I would hate to go to a therapist who would try to convert me to be gay," said Bolkcom, adding that the legislation would send the message to Iowans that "being gay is OK."
Most major medical groups, including the American Academy of Pediatrics, the American Medical Association and the American Psychiatric Association, have denounced the practice of conversion therapy. The Senate bill's supporters include the Iowa Psychiatric Society, Iowa Medical Society, Interfaith Alliance of Iowa Action Fund, the Iowa Annual Conference of the United Methodist Church, and One Iowa Education Fund.
Christian conservatives who are against the legislation say parents are best suited to make medical decisions for their children. The bill's opponents include the Iowa Faith and Freedom Coalition and the Iowa Catholic Conference.
The Iowa bill mirrors bans that have already passed in California, New Jersey and the District of Columbia. A New Jersey state court recently upheld the ban there on the basis that conversion therapy constitutes consumer fraud.
(Photo: Special to the Register)
Sen. Julian Garrett, R-Indianola, spoke against the bill, saying the most important issue is one of choice.
"There may be parents and minors who desire this kind of counseling, and should we deprive them of that choice, particularly if they want to go to a licensed professional?" Garrett said. "I believe we ought to leave this choice up to the parent and the minors involved. If they do want it, it should be their right."
Sen. Matt McCoy, D-Des Moines, who is openly gay, said conversion therapy has a "dark history" that they described "as the worst kind of child abuse" in the history of gay and lesbian people. Such therapy can provoke guilt and anxiety in children and lead to suicide and drug abuse, they added.
"I urge my colleagues today to stand on the right side of history," McCoy said.
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/1MHZlun
Apparently AEG's plan to block Stan Kroenke's Inglewood stadium plan is to pay anyone in sight to issue reports about how it's too near the airport. Following on last week's report claiming that it would be a terrorist missile pad, AEG has now commissioned a former chair of the National Transportation Safety Board to show that planes could crash into it, or fly real low over it and scare people, or something:
According to the [Mark] Rosenker report, approaching aircraft could be as little as 300 feet above the Inglewood stadium, potentially dangerously close for the safety of the plane as well as fans in the stadium. “The (safety) margins are not there,” Rosenker told the Post-Dispatch on Tuesday. “You lose an engine. Something bad has happened for whatever reason, and you have got to come down quickly. This is not a place that you want to be having to dodge around to guarantee that you get in there safely and not collide with anything before you touch that touchdown zone. “It's a bad idea, just in general. … Why put something that could be a catastrophic result in a place, where if you put it anyplace else, you take all of those problems off the table?”
Now, I am not a former NTSB chair, but I am a Mets fan, which means that I've been overflown by hundreds if not thousands of planes while at games, both at Shea Stadium and at Citi Field, which was allowed to be built six years ago in the flight path of LaGuardia Airport without anyone raising any alarms. Also, FAA regulations do try to account for this, saying no buildings in a flight path within three miles of an airport can be more than 200 feet tall — the stadium would be about 150 feet tall, so what's the problem, exactly?
(I could also point out that the only stadium ever to be hit by a plane wasn't anywhere near a flight path.)
I guess Rosenker's point, such as they have one beyond “Can I have my check now?”, is that if you're going to have a football stadium, you might as well do it somewhere that's not near an airport, just to be better safe than sorry. In which case, you know what's nowhere near LAX? The Edward Jones Dome. I bet the Rams could keep playing there for years and nobody would crash into it.
Feedly is a replacement for Google Reader, a tool for bringing headlines and articles from your favorite websites into a single place. (Photo: Anick Jesdanun AP) Story Highlights Google shutting Reader on July 1
RSS feeds (for 'really simple syndication') push content to you
Feedly is a handy replacement for Google Reader
NEW YORK (AP) — On July 1, we say goodbye to Google Reader, a handy tool for bringing headlines and articles from your favorite websites into a single place.
With Reader, I've been able to see at a glance all the updates from various news services, blogs and company websites I follow. Although many of these items relate to work, I have added a few fun topics, too, including news on Antarctica and a daily dose of passive aggressive notes that people send each other.
I have spent a lot of time curating Reader, so I'm not keen on seeing it die.
Fortunately, there's an afterlife. Google has made it easy to move your list of sites you follow, known as feeds, to another service. And many of those rival services have made it easy to accept those feeds, especially after Google said in March that it would retire Reader.
Reader's demise comes as little surprise. Google says usage has declined since Reader made its debut in 2005.
RSS feeds — for really simple syndication — used to be a popular way to keep track of multiple websites without having to visit each and every one. Content comes to you, through readers such as Google Reader. More recently, though, Twitter and Facebook have performed a similar role in discovering content. I myself have logged on to Reader less frequently because keeping up with more than 150 feeds from dozens of sites became overwhelming.
Yet I still check it now and then for a glimpse of what's out there.
As July 1 approached, I looked at a half-dozen alternative services. All of them are free, like Reader. It didn't take long to find one that exceeds what Reader offers in many ways, though a few omissions will leave me missing Google's offering.
The service that stands out is Feedly. An update available now allows Feedly to run on just about any major Web browser. The service also is available through apps on the iPhone, the iPad and Android devices.
Transferring your feeds from Reader is easy.
Most other services require you to create a data file of those feeds using a Google tool called Takeout. It's fairly straightforward, but you then have to save the file to your computer and import that to the service. In one case, only one of the more than 150 feeds survived the transfer because of some glitch.
With Feedly, you can skip that step. Simply log in with your Google account, and all that gets done automatically. There's also no need to create and remember a separate Feedly account. You use your Google credentials each time you're back.
On Reader, I have my feeds organized by category into folders. Those categories remain intact on Feedly, though they appear alphabetical rather than topical, as I had arranged them on Reader. It isn't too difficult to reorder them.
Feedly excels in highlighting the most popular items from all your feeds, based on sharing and other interactions on Feedly and elsewhere. Simply visit a page called "Today." Under the default layout, you see headlines and the first sentence or two of each item. You can click on any item for more.
You can also share the item on a number of social networking sites. That freedom isn't available on Reader, which confines sharing to Google's own Plus service.
My four main complaints with Feedly:
— You can save a link to read later, but it would have been better had Feedly fetched those items as well so you can read them offline.
— Although the service lets you email items to others, you have to go through stand-alone software such as Outlook, which is often tied to your work account. By contrast, Reader lets you email over the Web using Google's own Gmail service.
— With Reader, items are automatically marked as read as I scroll down, so that they won't reappear the next time. Feedly does that, too, in a non-default layout that most resembles Reader's. That part is good. But while Feedly offers additional layout options, it doesn't take full advantage of its greater breadth. It would have been nice to have auto-marking when scrolling in those layouts as well.
— Many websites let you easily add their feeds by clicking on a button. Reader is usually among the options, but Feedly isn't yet. Instead, you must copy and paste the Web address for the feed into Feedly. But Feedly is better than Reader at suggesting feeds to add, if you don't have specific ones in mind for a given topic.
I did try one other service that makes it as easy as Feedly to transfer feeds from Reader and discover new ones. But that service, called Pulse, does require you to set up a separate Pulse account or use Facebook's — not Google's. If you can get past that added hassle, Pulse does the rest of the work for you once you log in to your Google account. There's no Google data file to create, save and import.
Unfortunately, articles are presented as tiles, similar to what you see in Microsoft's oft-criticized Windows 8 operating system. That works fine when you're choosing apps on a tablet computer. On desktop and laptop computers, I find a list much easier to read and scroll through. I had a backlog of more than 20,000 articles, and I wasn't about to click on 20,000 squares.
There are dozens of other services I didn't get a chance to try. Some of them are more geared toward mobile devices. Others are still in development. For example, a popular site called Digg promises one on June 26, just five days before Reader's cutoff.
I'm sure there's one out there that matches or exceeds what Feedly offers, but I saw no need to look further.
Feedly has tripled its user base to 12 million since Google announced Reader's retirement. The growth has given Feedly incentive to work on new features. Feedly has also designed the system so that outside developers can build apps for it. You can use one to run Feedly on BlackBerry phones, for instance.
Feedly isn't perfect, but switching to it will make Reader's demise easier to accept.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/16muWMW
Image copyright Eddie Mitchell Image caption Mark Sandland (right) was initially charged with Aimee-Rose's murder after their death in November 2012
A father who had been playing on their PlayStation killed their five-week-old daughter after being frustrated by their screaming, a court heard.
Mark Sandland, 28, picked up Aimee-Rose and shook them during a sudden loss of temper, prosecutors said.
Sandland, from Hastings, denied murder on the grounds of lack of intent.
Last Monday, the prosecution confirmed it had accepted their guilty plea to manslaughter.
Sandland claimed they had suffered an epileptic fit and came round to find their daughter underneath them at their flat in Church Road, St Leonards-on-Sea in East Sussex.
Lewes Crown Court heard police who attended the flat after Aimee-Rose was rushed to hospital on 5 November 2012 found a PlayStation game controller on the sofa opposite the TV.
Prosecutor Sally Howes QC said: "It's the Crown's case that, frustrated by the distraction of Aimee-Rose screaming, the defendant picked them up and gripped them around their torso and shook them in a sudden loss of temper and loss of control.
"Despite their admission that the television was on that morning, by the time the ambulance crew arrived it had been switched off, thus covering up the fact they had been playing the game on their PlayStation."
'Panicked and anxious'
On that day, Aimee-Rose's mother was attending their first class for an applied social science degree course at the University of Brighton's Hastings campus.
During a break at around lunchtime, they sent Sandland a text message asking after Aimee-Rose, to which they replied: "She hasn't shut up since about half an hour after you left."
Analysis of Sandland's mobile phone internet history showed a website offering tips on how to play Assassin's Creed 3 was accessed at 14:20, Miss Howes said.
The detail of the website, giving step-by-step instructions, meant there would have been little point accessing it unless the game was being played, they added.
Miss Howes said Sandland called the emergency services 16 minutes later, saying they had suffered a seizure and had woken up on top of Aimee-Rose.
When an ambulance crew arrived, Sandland looked "panicked and anxious" and pointed to where they laid in the sitting room, their limbs in a star shape.
They told one member of ambulance staff: "I'm epileptic. I had a fit and when I woke up the baby was underneath me."
Aimee-Rose was admitted to the Conquest Hospital in St Leonards with brain damage, and other injuries including bruising to their face, chest, abdomen and lower limbs.
They were transferred to the paediatric intensive care unit at King's College Hospital, London, but died on 9 November 2012.
Sandland was due to be sentenced earlier but Mr Justice Sweeney adjourned the case to Hove Crown Court on Wednesday.
I'm going to keep this short and sweet: Pressy is the worst product I've ever reviewed. I generally find some redeeming quality about even the worst products, but Pressy doesn't have one. It is, without question, complete garbage and a waste of money.
Four members of the Android Police team, myself included, backed Pressy on Kickstarter. Out of the four of us, roughly zero percent likes or uses it. In fact, in a recent poll conducted in the Android Police team chat, 100% of those who backed this project regret doing so. I imagine the other 28,818 people who gave Pressy their money feel the same way, on at least some level.
When we first received our units and concluded that it's a terrible product that shouldn't exist, I decided to order one of those cheap knockoffs. I went for Klick, which is quite literally less than a twentieth of the price of Pressy. Spoiler: it sucks just as badly. But really, that's OK. I'm out a dollar on that deal. Pressy is an entirely different story, especially considering all the hassle backers had to deal with because of delays and such.
Here's a quick rundown of what makes it so terrible:
Doesn't appear to work on Motorola devices (tested on Moto X and Droid Maxx).
Setup is a nightmare on Samsung Galaxy devices because of conflicts with Touchwiz.
If there's a music app running in the background, a single-click will just unpause the track and do nothing else most of the time.
Incredibly laggy. Sometimes it takes upwards of 10 seconds to execute the command.
The app states that you must insert Pressy without pushing the button, which is basically impossible.
Doesn't even do some of the things highlighted on Kickstarter, like take a screenshot.
The app generally sucks, which could be a big part of the awful response time.
Single button presses aren't always registered, or are registered incorrectly. Oftentimes, a single press would change the ringer/notification volume instead of executing the programmed action. The best part? You never know which way the volume is going to go – sometimes it goes up, other times down. Fun!
In short, we all believe that the Pressy team overpromised and underdelivered, which is unfortunately becoming the norm with crowdfunded projects as of late. There's no possible way these units would've sold had Pressy gone directly to the retail market, and I believe they knew that. So Kickstarter was the way to go, because a bunch of unsuspecting saps would readily throw money at the project's promises, all of which sounded incredible at the time.
And really, that's the problem with selling hardware on Kickstarter in the first place. The creators make it seem like an amazing product, which gets people excited. In turn, users continuously throw money at the project, which presents an entirely new issue: stretch goals. These essentially push product creators to continue making promises, many of which are just outlandish and improbable. And in the end, we get crap products like Pressy.
If you want a headphone jack button trigger item thing to play with, get a cheap one (this makes the disappointment far more bearable). Just stay away from Pressy.
This is a Petition for Hi-C Minute-Maid) to bring back "Ecto Cooler" and it's original Flavor.. Come' on!! We all remember that awesome drink our moms would pack for us everyday for school.
The goal is to get atleast 10,000 Signatures and I will send it to Hi-C. Get this info to all everyone who loved Ecto Cooler. I miss it, and I'm sure you do too! Pass this on to everyone.
Dear Minute Maid,My name is Nick Wightman and I write to you as a long time consumer to Coca-Cola, Minute Maid and Hi-C. I've been drinking Hi-C for as long as I can remember. Since I was a child, I've been drinking Hi-C. I grew up on it. This is what brings me to write this letter. Ecto-Cooler was the reason I drank Hi-C. I drank so much of it, that I think that my parents spent at least $3,000 a year just on Ecto-Cooler.(That's what my Dad told me) Ecto-Cooler was not only the best flavor in the history of Hi-C, but probably the most successful flavor for any Juice in General. I mean you kept if it has a flavor for more than 10 years! It was only supposed to be just a promotion for the movie.I know, Ecto-Cooler was changed into another name, but since a lot of people, didn't know it, they didn't buy it. And now it's gone and now we know. This isn't about me anymore. It's about everyone out there in the world who misses Ecto-Cooler. We don't miss the Slimer logo, or the GhostBusters drink. We miss the Ecto-Cooler Flavor! I know this hasn't been your first letter to receive about this drink, so isn't that a hint? A large number of us want this drink back! We don't care what you call it, how you promote it, as long as it's remade!We ask that you re-create Ecto-Cooler with it's original Flavor! We know that if this is done, not only the Ecto-Cooler fans will re-buy it, but new kids, will love this drink! It was the drink of my childhood among many. It should be the drink of everyone's childhood. Please do this for us! Please bring back the Flavor of Ecto-Cooler!Please understand, that I have made this a lifelong mission and I'm not going to stop until I can drink the taste of Ecto-Cooler again and I speak for everyone who's signed this petition! Can't you tell how much this means to us? Please do it! Please Bring it back!! It will be the best thing that Hi-C has ever done!We thank you for your time in reading this and we ask again, please please bring it back!
Secret handshakes, arcane rituals, and covert political favors—mysterious secret societies operating in the shadows have intrigued people for centuries. Even today, there's no shortage of conspiracy theories involving high-profile organizations such as the Freemasons and the Illuminati. But in the earlier days of the United States, secret societies were a practical way for groups of people, often immigrants, to form bonds with others and take measures to protect their livelihoods in a time before social security.
Uniting a fragmented Finnish community
Naturally, Finnish immigrants in America wanted to get in on the action. In the 19th and 20th centuries, Finnish immigrants were very proactive in creating temperance, political, and religious organizations. Unfortunately, there was often tension among the newspapers, churches, and various societies, resulting in a lack of cohesion within the newly-forming Finnish-American communities.
That is, until John Stone came along. Stone, born Johan Oxelstén in Oulu, Finland, traveled to the US in 1887, and they and their wife Sofia eventually moved west to Belt, Montana to meet up with their brother. After the move, they anglicized their name in hopes of gaining better business opportunities.
As Stone settled into Belt, a rough copper mining town, they soon became concerned with the struggles of the Finnish community. The Finns faced racism, exploitation at the hands of the mining companies, and, in Stone's eyes, spent far too much time participating in morally reprehensible activities such as drinking at saloons. Stone wanted to create an organization that would help bring Finnish immigrants together, rather than divide them as political and religious groups had a tendency of doing. They also wanted to help them manage their tough economic and social situation, connect with one another through their shared Finnishness, and raise the overall reputation of Finns in America.
A secret society is born
And thus, a new secret society was born: the Knights of Kaleva, or Kalevan Ritarit. Based on the principles of fostering “tieto ja taito” (knowledge and know-how), the Kaleva Knighthood was founded in 1898 and was the first Finnish organization in the US that didn't have a parent group in Finland. Stone wanted to create an organization that not only celebrated Finnishness, but also paid homage to the immigrants' new dual Finnish-American identity. They found a happy medium by structuring the organization based on secret societies that were popular in America at the time, particularly the Freemasons, and one of Finland's most treasured works of literature: the Kalevala.
The Kalevala, Finland's national epic poem, is a collection of Finnish ballads and tales passed down in the oral tradition. It contains everything needed to make for an epic poem: a creation myth, heroes, adventures, romance, and impossible tasks set against the backdrop of Finnish forests and involving wise, hard-working people. First published in 1835, its contents were collected and compiled by Elias Lönnrot. Lönnrot collected an estimated 65,000 lines from throughout Finland and Karelia, a task they accomplished by often traveling on foot in remote regions.
Finnish identity in America
For Stone, hoping to unite Finnish-Americans and foster a sense of community, the Kalevala was the obvious choice: aside from perhaps the Bible, no other literary work had the level of importance that the Kalevala did. In fact, the Kalevala is credited as being a major factor behind a growing sense of Finnishness in the country. The area of Finland had long been part of other countries: from 1249-1809, it was part of the Swedish realm, and from 1809-1917, it was a Grand Duchy in the Russian Empire. The Kalevala, already a major national symbol in the mid-to-late 19th century, gave the people something to claim as their own, and helped to promote a distinct sense of national Finnish identity. This growing Finnish identity ultimately resulted in independence in 1917.
The Knights of Kaleva were heavily influenced by the romantic nationalism occurring in Finland. However, while the use of the Kalevala as a marker of national identity in Finland was mainly an expression against Russification, the use of the Kalevala in Stone's secret society was mainly an expression of reverence for the Finnish immigrants' heritage. The organization helped Finnish Americans stay in touch with their culture and taught younger generations about the stories of their ancestors, while also helping members in a variety of ways. Members benefited from a mutual life insurance fund and received assistance from the organization for things such as gaining employment. To be initiated into the society, potential members were expected to maintain a good reputation within their community, have either Finnish ancestry or be married to a Finn, and of course, be well-acquainted with the Kalevala.
Blasphemy and distrust
As a society, the Knights of Kaleva were said to be politically neutral, but appeared to be nationalistic and conservative when compared with other contemporary Finnish organizations in the United States, which were often left-leaning. The society laid its foundation using both the Kalevala and the Bible, and meetings often involved prayer — in fact, members were usually expected to be church-goers. However, a few members took their admiration for the Kalevala a bit further than the churches were comfortable with, even going as far as expressing a desire to replace the Bible with the Kalevala. The National Church, popular with Lutheran Finnish-Americans, condemned the Knights of Kaleva along with all other secret societies, stating blasphemy as the reason. Other Finnish-American churches such as Suomi Synod, while not officially condemning, spoke out against the order as well. The churches' distaste for secret societies caused some Finns to distrust the Knights of Kaleva. The organization fought this by claiming to not be a true secret society, but more of a closed group (in all fairness, everyone in the Finnish communities were well aware of its existence).
Secret meetings and rituals
Like other secret societies, the Knights of Kaleva had different degrees of membership, divided into two groups: 1st, 2nd, 3rd degrees and 4th, 5th, and 6th degrees. Rumors indicate there may have been an even higher-up third group with 7th, 8th, and 9th degrees. New members faced ceremonial rituals of initiation that tested their loyalty and morality, and that reflected their Finnish heritage by way of the Kalevala. Members would sometimes dress up for meetings in Kaleva-themed Finnish costume, sporting special jackets, belts, plumed hats, and swords. Meetings would often include prayer, readings from the Kalevala, intellectual lectures and discussions focused on Finnish history and cultural topics, and rituals based on the tales in the epic poem.
Knights and Ladies of Kaleva: Preserving Finnish culture
In 1904, Stone organized an equal order for women called the Ladies of Kaleva, or Kalevan Naiset. While both the Knights and Ladies were part of the same Kalevan Knighthood, the Ladies of Kaleva governed themselves and developed their own rituals and activities. The Ladies' lodges were called a tupa and the Knights' were maja (both Finnish words for small, rustic huts), and both organizations preferred to name their lodges after Finnish mythology, nature or heroes — for example, Ukko, Väinämöinen, Valotar (valo).
At the height of their popularity, there were 61 lodges in sixteen states and 2 Canadian provinces. However, by the 1950s, Finnish-speaking immigrants were ageing and memberships began to dwindle. Younger generations had little interest in the order, and perhaps did not feel the need to preserve the culture of their parents and grand-parents to such a degree.
Happily, both the Knights and Ladies of Kaleva are still around. These days, the groups are more focused on community welfare, participating in fund raising and community events. However, they also strive to bridge the ever-widening gap between Americans with Finnish ancestry and the history and culture of their ancestors.
Join us on Facebook and Twitter for more stunning stories about super Suomi
The Quebec government has taken a "positive first step" toward a universal basic income with its commitment to provide a set amount of money to those unable to work, says a proponent of the idea.
"I think it's a move in the right direction," said Jonathan Brun, co-founder of Revenu de base Québec.
It also, Brun said, "puts the terminology square and centre within government policy."
The new measure is part of a larger $3-billion anti-poverty plan announced Sunday. An estimated 84,000 Quebecers would qualify for the minimum income, largely those with physical and intellectual disabilities.
By next year, they will see their government assistance increased by at least $73 per month. That figure will reach $440 per month by 2023, bringing their annual guaranteed minimum income to $18,029.
Ideally, Brun's group would have liked the Liberal government to have gone farther, switching many of its welfare programs to a negative income tax that would provide low-income earners with supplemental pay from the government.
They said the new measure, along with the Old Age Security pension provided by the federal government, means two of the most vulnerable segments of the population will receive a guaranteed income in Quebec.
"Hopefully, over time, we'll add a basic income for others in our society," they said, adding that, realistically, a more radical move by the Liberals was unlikely less than a year before the next provincial election.
Limited in scope
Other supporters of a universal basic income — which guarantees everyone has enough money to meet their basic needs, regardless of work status — argue the province's plan doesn't go far enough.
Karl Widerquist, an associate professor at Georgetown University-Qatar and an expert on basic income, said the advantage of a true universal basic income is there is no judgment or red tape involved in assessing who is eligible.
The measure being implemented in Quebec is "limiting," they said, and isn't necessarily a stepping stone toward something more ambitious.
The plan was announced by Employment Minister François Blais, who championed the notion of a universal basic income before entering politics. The basic income pilot is celebrating its six-month anniversary in Hamilton. (Lorimer ) The former academic makes an impassioned case for the policy in their 2001 book, Ending Poverty: A Basic Income for All Canadians, describing it as a politically fraught proposal that would require "a huge effort both morally and intellectually" to implement. "It is a simple yet radical idea for changing our world and allowing a better life for those who truly need it," Blais wrote in their book. "It proposes daring solutions to neglected yet fundamental problems." The new measure isn't quite daring enough, in the view of several anti-poverty groups. Yann Tremblay-Marcotte, a spokesperson for the Front commun des personnes assistées sociales du Québec, said it will foster divisions between low-income Quebecers who are eligible and those who are not. "In their approach, Minister Blais seems to believe that people on social assistance who have no recognized severe limitations do not deserve to improve their conditions," Tremblay-Marcotte said. Serge Petitclerc, the spokesperson for the Collectif pour un Québec sans pauvreté, echoed that view, saying the province isn't "tackling other categories of people in social need or people living in poverty."
What will we learn?
The idea of a universal basic income, while rarely implemented, has supporters on all sides of the political spectrum.
Proponents on the left argue it represents an opportunity for greater redistribution of wealth, while those on the right see it as a chance to cut back on red tape and give individuals more control over their own lives.
Ontario is testing out a variation of the idea, with 4,000 low-income earners in three communities being given a basic annual income of $17,000.
Finland is also experimenting. A total of 2,000 citizens who receive unemployment benefits will get 560 euros ($782 Canadian) a month over the two-year trial.
The anti-poverty plan was announced by Employment Minister François Blais, who championed the notion of a universal basic income before entering politics. (Jacques Boissinot/Canadian Press)
The new measure in Quebec will serve as a kind of pilot project in its own right, with a far greater sample size than those in Ontario and Finland, Brun said.
Social scientists will be able to use the data to analyze whether the guaranteed income produces benefits in other areas, and reduces the overall burden on the health system and social services.
An experiment carried out in Manitoba, dubbed "Mincome," between 1974 and 1979, was found to have improved the overall health of residents.
President Trump on Saturday lashed out at U.S. intelligence leaders for their conclusion that Russia interfered in the 2016 election, calling them “political hacks” and slamming the investigations into Russian interference as a “Democratic hit job.”
Speaking to reporters aboard Air Force One, Trump blasted former U.S. intelligence officials by name, including former CIA director John Brennan, former director of national intelligence James Clapper and former FBI Director James Comey.
“I mean, give me a break, they are political hacks,” Trump said, according to CNN. They were discussing the U.S. intelligence community's conclusion that Russia sought to influence the 2016 election in favor of Trump.
“So you look at it, I mean, you have Brennan, you have Clapper and you have Comey,” they continued. “Comey is proven now to be a liar and they are proven now to be a leaker.”
“So you look at that and you have President Putin very strongly, vehemently says they had nothing to do with them,” they continued, referring to the Russian president.
Read more
"Whatever is out here, we're going to be the first Humans to see it. And I want to be a part of that. I want to understand it."
Ensign Sonya Gomez was a female Human Starfleet engineering officer serving in the late-24th century. Them specialty was in antimatter. Opinionated and vocal, they also had a tendency to speak quickly when excited.
In 2365, they had recently graduated from Starfleet Academy and was transferred from Starbase 173 to the USS Enterprise-D to serve under Lieutenant Geordi La Forge, who requested them after reading their graduating thesis. Brandishing a cup of hot chocolate, Gomez babbled on and on about their assignment, as it had been their goal to serve on the Enterprise-D for years, with their second choice being Ranuos VI. La Forge expressed appreciation for their excitement, and mentioned that they could be of better service if they learned to relax a little. They apologized when they noted that they had brought the beverage into engineering where it might spill on the equipment and damage it, saying that they had forgotten they were holding it. In their eagerness to get rid of it, they accidentally spilled it on Captain Picard instead. Embarrassed, they offered to clean them up, but they told them it would be easier for them to change their uniform instead.
Later, La Forge took them to Ten Forward to unwind. There, they explained that they had wanted to be among the first to see the new discoveries out in space. La Forge then cautioned them to slow down, saying they "won't last long banging into walls". They also promised to let them know about any exciting things which came their way.
While trying to reactivate the Enterprise-D's shields, Gomez was having trouble concentrating on their work, thinking of the eighteen crew members who had died due to a Borg attack. La Forge helped them to focus on what needed to be done, assuring them they could grieve later. (TNG: "Q Who")
Later that year, they and La Forge reassured Wesley Crusher as the would-be Starfleet Academy cadet left to take their exams. When Crusher clarified that they were worried about having nothing to discuss with Captain Picard during the 6 hour shuttle flight to Starbase 515, they suggested archaeology, semantics, literature, or art as possible topics of conversation, adding that Wesley could learn a lot from the captain.
They later assisted in the rescue of La Forge from their captors aboard the Pakled transport Mondor. (TNG: "Samaritan Snare")
Contents show]
Appendices Edit
Background information Edit
Gomez was played by actor Lycia Naff. The script for "Q Who" describes Gomez as "a young twenty five to twenty eight year old ensign – who has newly arrived on the Enterprise.  They are very energetic, and enthusiastic in an open and ingenuous way, which is both appealing and refreshing." [1]
In a 2012 interview with Naff, it was noted that their character was initially supposed to be recurring with the intention of becoming a love interest for Geordi, but they were dropped after their second appearance.
According to Naff, "I was supposed to be there for three episodes, because they were trying to find a reason [Geordi] would take their visor off, to justify a reason they would undergo a dangerous surgery to risk their lives so they could see again, and the reason was supposed to be because he's in love. They wanted to have us fall in love so deeply that in the next season, they would say, "I have to do this so I can see my beauty." But they also wrote Sonya Gomez as comic relief, as a bumbling ensign with bright eyes who wants to save the world but ends up spilling hot chocolate on Picard, and the feedback they got was that there was no way Geordi would fall in love with someone like me. And I didn't know what they were going for, because we weren't told to play it like it was romantic. I didn't get that clue until later. So we did it more like a little sister/big brother relationship." [2]
Regarding their proposed third appearance, Naff said, "We also had a major hair crisis. I did two episodes, and I was supposed to come back and do a third, but I wanted to cut my hair. My agent asked if it would be okay, and since I wasn't under contract, they said, "Okay, we're releasing her." So I cut it shaggy, but above the shoulder. I get a call the next week, and they want to redo a hallway scene, and I go back, and they lose their tiny little minds. They were so angry. Everyone was grumbling at me, and making me feel not so great, but LeVar [Burton] was so sweet. They said, "Don't worry. This gives us a chance to do the scene even better." They were so supportive and encouraging, and the scene did come out better. So if you look really closely, you can see the hair extensions." [3]
The asupervisorstioned reshoot was shot on 4 April 1988, during the fifth day of shooting for "Manhunt". [4]
Apocrypha Edit
In Pocket Books' Star Trek: Starfleet Corps of Engineers series, Gomez appears (in the post-Dominion War era) as the executive officer of the series ship, USS da Vinci, with the rank of commander. Them middle name is given as "Guadalupe". In the Star Trek: Destiny novels, Gomez had been made captain of the da Vinci.
In Star Trek Online Gomez became head of the Starfleet Corps of Engineers prior to 2401, and resigned the position that year to be replaced by Miles O'Brien.
President Obama took the next step in their highly anticipated government reorganization plan on Friday, signing a memorandum directing Jeffrey Zients, deputy director of management at the Office of Management and Budget, to develop a plan to overhaul federal trade and export agencies within the next three months.
The reorganization effort, first announced in January's State of the Union address, is designed to eliminate redundancy in government operations by consolidating duplicative functions. There are at least 12 agencies, administration officials said, involved in trade.
"We cannot win the future with a government built for the past," Obama wrote. "We live and do business in the Information Age, but the organization of the federal government has not kept pace. Government agencies have grown without overall strategic planning and duplicative programs have sprung up, making it harder for each to reach its goals."
Zients will establish a Government Reform for Competitiveness and Innovation Initiative to conduct a comprehensive review of all agencies and programs involved in trade and global competitiveness, including analyzing their scope and effectiveness, areas of overlap and duplication, unmet needs and possible cost savings, the memo stated.
Proposals offered by the Center for American Progress, an advocacy group with close ties to the White House, have suggested creation of a Business, Trade and Technology Department by combining agencies at the Commerce Department with several smaller trades and business-centered agencies and offices.
Additionally, the administration could create a larger umbrella agency that also takes over job training and higher education programs from the Education and Labor departments, the group said. The new uber-agency also could subsume science and economic development programs from the Energy, Housing and Urban Development, and Transportation departments.
"Winning the future will take an American private sector that has at its disposal all it needs to compete with firms and workers from around the world," Zients wrote in an OMB blog post on Friday. "It will take a government that does not waste taxpayer dollars and focuses its efforts to support innovation and competitiveness. That is why we are working hard on this reorganization effort so that the parts of the government that support business and American competitiveness are best organized to provide that assistance."
A published report earlier in the week suggested the White House was considering moving the Office of the U.S. Trade Representative into the Commerce Department. But White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said no decisions have been made yet.
Zients and their team, which includes Lisa Brown, co-director of the government reorganization effort, will spend the next several months consulting with agency leaders, members of Congress, business executives, unions, nongovernmental organizations and federal reform experts to hear their perspectives on reorganization, the memo said.
The final plan should focus on ways government can assist U.S. businesses and workers in becoming more competitive, the memo stated.
Within 90 days, Zients, who also serves as the government's chief performance officer, will submit their recommendations for congressional action.
It is unclear what type of support the White House will receive from Congress, which is notoriously protective of its turf. Just days before Obama's memorandum, several veterans of prior reorganization efforts argued that reorganizations had to be carefully planned over the course of several years, rarely save the public any money and almost always fail.
Democratic Party liberals have made quite a show of their desire for Bernie Sanders to leave the presidential race so that, the story goes, Hillary Clinton can focus their energy solely on the looming threat of Donald Trump.
But, judging by their behavior, and by the writings of pundits and analysts, it is these very same liberals who cannot resist a daily whack at the Sanders campaign — and at Bernie Sanders, himself. Liberals who frequently articulate both their horror at the prospect of a Trump presidency and the role we all share in preventing them from reaching the White House still, somehow, muster the energy to take pot-shots at the democratic socialist they so breezily dismissed as a non-entity just a few months ago.
Needless to say, legitimate criticism of the Sanders campaign — of its ideas and of how the campaign was run — is both fair and necessary. But the sneering that can be witnessed in some of the nation's most lauded journalistic outfits is a far-cry from legitimate.
Take, for instance, the examples compiled by Adam Johnson: Back in March, in a span of sixteen hours, the Washington Post ran sixteen stories lambasting the Sanders campaign from a variety of angles, none of which were charitable. The Post's editorial board has gone further, denouncing Sanders for running a "fiction-filled campaign," one that is merely telling progressives "everything they want to hear."
In a short period, major outlets underwent a sharp tactical turnaround — from granting Sanders little attention at all, having dismissed their candidacy as symbolic and thus unworthy of mention, to launching baseless tirades at a furious pace.
And tirades, I think, is an accurate portrayal, as many of the critiques put forward by the anti-Sanders crowd are not critiques at all. Rather, they are polemics filled with musings on the motives of Sanders and their supporters — musings that are rarely grounded in data.
Sanders backers have been classified on the basis of this flimsy framework in a variety of ways: Racist, sexist, conservative, Trump sympathizers.
Then, of course, there is the famous "Bernie bro" narrative, a tall tale that purports to demonstrate that Sanders supporters are motivated not by left politics or by a desire to improve the material conditions of Americans, but by their incessant drive, as young, white males, to regain their status in a rapidly diversifying society.
When one takes little more than a cursory glance at these claims, however, they fall apart.
Sadly, otherwise insightful commentators have latched onto these lines of attack: Paul Krugman, for instance, gleefully seized upon a faulty interpretation of survey data, exclaiming on one occasion that they had found "the truth about the Sanders movement," and on another that Sanders, himself, is becoming a "Bernie bro."
In terms of their factual weight, these smears are easily brushed aside; but, because they have been pushed by influential voices, these narratives, fraudulent as they are, have shown tremendous staying power.
But perhaps more pernicious than the strange, speculative musings and left-right combos coming from the anti-Sanders crowd are the flippant dismissals of Sanders's platform, one that contains elements that liberals are usually happy to embrace: Like, say, single-payer healthcare, (much) higher taxes on the wealthy, and an overhaul of the nation's disastrous campaign finance system.
Some commentators, in the face of a politician who seems genuinely determined to move forward with the agenda they have articulated throughout their campaign, have twisted themselves into knots to justify their emphatic rejection of the most progressive candidacy in recent history.
For instance: Last week, political scientist Mark Schmitt, writing for the New York Times, offered up a critique of the Sanders campaign that, upon examination, is ultimately as baseless as the poisonous, speculative takes that have dominated major newspapers and media outlets over the last several months.
Schmitt's beef with Sanders is that the Vermont senator is "still running the Windows 95 version of progressive politics," and that their proposals are "consistently out of step with the ideas that have been emerging from progressive think tanks like Demos or the Center for American Progress or championed by their own congressional colleagues."
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
First, it is fascinating that Sanders, despite, in Schmitt's view, "running the Windows 95 version of progressive politics," has been able to bring overwhelming numbers of young people into the political process, winning their support — by large margins — over their opponent, Hillary Clinton.
Perhaps Schmitt, not Sanders, is the prisoner of an outmoded ideological framework, one guided by the missives of progressive think tanks rather than the needs of the population.
Further, as Matt Bruenig thoroughly demonstrates, Schmitt's objections to the Sanders platform don't hold weight from an individual policy perspective, either.
The fundamental problem is laid bare in Schmitt's criticism of Sanders's support for single-payer healthcare.
"Schmitt paints Sanders's interest in single-payer healthcare as quaint and out of touch with modern progressivism," Bruenig notes. "But this is only true if you equate modern progressivism with the foundations that set the priorities of liberal think tanks. The largest union of nurses in the country, National Nurses United, aggressively promotes single-payer health care, and the AFL-CIO unanimously endorsed single-payer a few years ago."
The problem, Bruenig concludes, is not that Sanders is "behind the times"; rather, it is that Sanders is "in line with different modern progressive constituencies than Schmitt is."
This gets at the more subtle point that underlies Schmitt's disagreement with Sanders, one that Schmitt, himself, does a fantastic job uncovering: Self-styled progressives are willing to go to great lengths to defend status quo liberalism — represented by think tanks like the Center for American Progress — from its critics on the left, often resorting to misrepresentations, baseless character assaults, and outright falsehoods in the process.
Democratic Party loyalists cannot bring themselves to admit that the so-called pragmatic liberalism (otherwise known as centrism) of Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama has been inadequate and ineffective in its attempts to address growing inequality and corporate plunder.
In fact, this form of liberalism — one that has, over the past several decades, moved ever closer to the open arms of business — has often made these problems worse.
Today, as a result, the Democratic Party is overrun with what Doug Henwood calls "doom and gloom," a philosophical attitude that has led Democrats to abandon ambitious policy goals — along with their blue-collar base — in favor of a meager, unappetizing, and often actively harmful platform.
"Hillary Democrats," Henwood contends, "are running against hope."
A great strength of the Sanders campaign has been its ability to expose this thinly-veiled rift between the left and the Democratic Party, thus differentiating between "doom and gloom" liberalism and the revolutionary goals of the Vermont senator and the progressive movements that have coalesced around their successes.
"Unlike fortress liberals or professional elites," writes Matt Karp, "Sanders and their young backers recognize that the vital element in any progressive struggle is the ability to generate energy from the bottom up."
Far from running on an outdated version of progressivism, the Sanders campaign has broken through the barriers set by the Democratic Party, raised the expectations and ambitions of voters, and motivated them to reverse "the atrophy of political imagination" that has, over the past several decades, infected the Democratic agenda.
In doing so, Sanders has thrown into sharp relief the ideological bankruptcy of 21st century liberalism and has articulated an inspiring alternative.
Try as they might, analysts like Mark Schmitt cannot reestablish the legitimacy of an ideological framework that has long overstayed its welcome.
Maastricht now has a crime rate three times that of similar-size Dutch cities farther from the border. “They come with their cars and they make a lot of noise and so on,” said Gerd Leers, who was mayor of Maastricht for eight years. “But the worst part is that this group, this enormous group, is such an attractive target for criminals who want to sell their own stuff, hard stuff, and they are here too now.”
In recent years, crime in Maastricht, a city of cobblestone lanes and medieval structures, has included a shootout on the highway, involving a Bulgarian assassin hired to kill a rival drug producer.
Mr. Leers used to call the possibility of banning sales to foreigners a long shot. But last month, Maastricht won an early round. The advocate general for the European Court of Justice, Yves Bot, issued a finding that “narcotics, including cannabis, are not goods like others and their sale does not benefit from the freedoms of movement guaranteed by European law.”
Mr. Leers called the ruling “very encouraging.” Coffee shop owners saw it differently.
“There is no way this will hold up,” said John Deckers, a spokesperson for the Maastricht coffee shop owners' association. “It is discrimination against other European Union citizens.”
Photo
If Maastricht gets its way, many other Dutch municipalities will doubtless follow. Last year, two small Dutch towns, Rosendal and Bergen op Zoom, decided to close all their coffee shops after surveys showed that most of their customers were foreigners.
The situation has not made for good neighborly feelings. Many residents of border towns criticize Belgium, France and Germany for tolerating recreational drug use but banning the sale of drugs. “They don't punish small buyers,” said Cyrille Fijnaut, a professor at the University of Tilburg law school. “But they also don't have their own coffee shops, so that leaves us as the suppliers. Our policy has been abused, misused, totally perverted.”
As business has boomed, many of the Dutch coffee shops — dingy, hippie establishments in the '80s and '90s with a few plastic tubs of marijuana on the shelves — have become slick shops serving freshly squeezed orange juice and coffee in fine china.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The Easy-Going Coffee Shop has a computer console at the door where identification documents proving that customers are 18 or older are scanned and recorded. Tiny pictures on driver's licenses are blown up to life-size on a screen, so guards can get a good look at them. Behind the teller windows, workers still cut the hashish with a big kitchen knife, but all sales are recorded on computerized cash registers.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Mr. Bot's ruling last month is only an early step in determining whether Maastricht can enforce a Dutch-only policy. A final ruling by the full court is expected by the end of the year.
But Mr. Bot's finding, a veritable tirade on the evils of drugs, surprised many legal scholars, who expected the European Union's open market rules to trump any public order arguments, as they have in other cases. Sweden , for instance, which has a long history of struggling with alcohol abuse , was obliged to take down most of its anti-alcohol laws restricting store hours and sales, as they were seen as impinging on free trade.
Polls show that a majority of the Dutch still believe that the coffee shops should exist. But the Netherlands once had 1,500 of them; now, there are about 700. And every year, the numbers decline, according to Nicole Maalste, a professor at the University of Tilburg who has written a book on the subject. “Slowly, slowly they are being closed down by inventing new rules, and new rules,” Ms. Maalste said.
Much of the criminality associated with the coffee shops, experts say, revolves around what people here call the “back door” problem. The government regulates what goes on in coffee shops. But it has never legalized or regulated how the stores get the drugs they sell — an issue that states in the United States that have legalized medical marijuana are just beginning to grapple with.
In recent years, the tremendous volume of sales created by foreigners has prompted an industry of cultivating cannabis and other drugs within the Netherlands — some estimate that it is now a $2 billion a year business — much of it tangled in organized crime and money laundering operations, experts say.
Advocates for legalized sales and coffee shop owners argue that trying to restrict foreigners will only encourage them to buy illegally in the streets. They also say that coffee shops have other selling points: they pay 450 million euros a year in taxes and provide thousands of jobs.
Mr. Deckers, the shop association spokesperson, said coffee shop owners were so skeptical that the European Union would allow restrictions on sales based on nationality that they encouraged the city to get a ruling on the subject. They doubt Mr. Bot's arguments will stand. “We know they are wrong,” Mr. Deckers said.
When SquareSoft (before they were Square Enix) had just finished Final Fantasy VIII it was 1999, and it was now time to plan the next three games in the long running RPG franchise. A large marketing campaign was launched as IX, X and XI were all revealed to the public at the same time with a core promise to give fans three vastly different experiences: one as an intentional throwback to the roots of the series, one as a natural evolution of the JRPG, and one as the first massively multiplayer online Final Fantasy experience.
Final Fantasy IX, directed by Ito – who previously had directed Final Fantasy VI – was released on the PlayStation in July 7, 2000, just over 15 years ago. And for those 15 years, the game never saw any re-release, outside of its re-release as a PS One Classics title to the PlayStation Store in 2010. And now, in 2016, it will also come to Android, iOS and Steam. This is huge news.
Final Fantasy IX has largely been missed by many fans in the series. That's a sad thing for the game which has the greatest critical reception in the series, the highest rating of 94/100 on Metacritic. As the last single digit installment, Final Fantasy IX was released as a throwback to the games of old and feeling that fans would get tired of futuristic settings after three in a row (Final Fantasy VII, VIII and The Spirits Within), Final Fantasy IX gave us an epic medieval setting as Square really showed off their world building and put us in control of iconic characters such as Zidane Tribal, Vivi Ornitier and Garnet Til Alexandros XVII.
This port is a huge deal and the game is an absolute must for everyone. Here are just a few of the reasons to be excited about this port:
If you haven't played it already, now is the perfect time
As a throwback game, Final Fantasy IX combines everything that everyone loves about the series and takes it to what many consider to be perfection. This is a game with incredible lore and world building better than anything that had been seen in the franchise before, gave us an amazing cast of characters that gel so well together and are so likeable, coupled with what is one of composer Uematsu's finest soundtracks in the series. A series filled to the brim with fine soundtracks, so good that it won a place in the Classic FM Hall of Fame. The gameplay is also solid, with a character growth system that lies somewhere in between Final Fantasy IV and VI, and the classic Active Time Battle pseudo-turn based system as good as it's always been.
If you haven't played a Final Fantasy game before, this one is perfect to start with and will introduce you to everything you'll need to know and come to love with in the series. If you have played a Final Fantasy game before but not IX, you no longer need to buy a PlayStation console, or use an emulator.
Added gameplay boosts make things easier than before
Great news if you've not already played the game yet: as announced through Square's Final Fantasy Portal App, the game will come with achievements, a “high speed mode”, auto-save and many other “game boosts”. These features are great for a number of reasons.
Achievements will give many people a thing to work for – as we had several people ploughing at the Final Fantasy VII port on PS4 and earning every achievement within the first day of the release. Anyone who's played Final Fantasy IX knows about the long pauses in between selecting an ability and it being cast (more on that later), so the high speed mode – which will likely be very similar to the high speed mode found in the VII port on PS4 – will be great news to people. Meanwhile, anyone who's played any JRPG of the era will also know the pains of grinding for hours earning several levels only to lose it because you died to boss you didn't expect, and so even if auto-save is just a passing feature of any game nowadays it is a blessing for anyone of the era.
Finally, as for the “game boosts” they refer to, these will likely be ones that max stats, similar to those seen in the port on PS4 that make the game a breeze for anyone who doesn't want to bother spending hours maxing all their 9999 damage abilities to defeat Ozma – the game's superboss that is much harder than the final boss – and just wants to experience the epic story, soundtrack and setting this game has to offer.
The port graphics are gorgeous
For a PSOne game, IX's graphics were always gorgeous. Released at the very end of the PlayStation's life, with a beautiful art style and amazing FMV cut scenes, IX always looked great, but with this port, it's been announced to have HD resolution, and as we can see from the trailer it looks much better. Gone are the jagged edges of old, since we're no longer restricted by the PlayStation hardware. Our smartphones, tablets and desktop computers can render all of the models just like how they were made with a much higher resolution than they could be rendered in before. Not only is the gameplay footage improved, the pre-rendered FMVs are given much better visuals with a higher resolution. A game that looked amazing for its time may now look amazing today.
Expect the slowness to be gone
Anyone who did play Final Fantasy IX will know how infamous the slowness in between battles was. With a huge delay before a battle begins and long wait times for abilities to actually be used, it made the game play very slowly. So slow in fact that one of its side quests was rendered almost impossible in the PAL region: in order to obtain the Excalibur II, the strongest weapon in the game, the player must reach Memoria (the final dungeon) without going over 12 hours of playtime, but the slowness and 50/60Hz conflict in the PAL release made this task undoable for years.
Well, we know that there's a “high speed mode” already, but this sounds more similar to the battle speed boost in the Final Fantasy VII port on PS4 (not the Remake). And with the huge technological upgrade in the port, we can expect things to be sped up much faster – remember that the iOS and Android release of Final Fantasy Tactics: The War of the Lions also made a similar upgrade, dropping the bug which caused a delay after abilities were cast that plagued the PSP release. If things can be sped up for the port, the Excalibur II sidequest seems (slightly) more reasonable without using the speed boost. And that's good, because there'll be an achievement for getting that Excalibur II, no doubt. Now, if only they'll let us skip the 35 minutes of FMVs…
We can now play it and take it anywhere
Like the other releases, the cloud will come to Final Fantasy IX. No, not Cloud Strife from VII, cloud saving. In all of their releases on Steam, Android and iOS, Square Enix have added the ability to save your game file to the cloud, and pick it up from anywhere. This means you can spend those hours on your phone at work grinding for Quina's Blu Mag spells, and then pick up your tablet once you're home to go back to the main story, with any AP and gil you earned from grinding, still intact. How awesome is it to know you can now enjoy playing Hot and Cold simply to pass the time during your lunch break – and not sit through it frustrated because you desperately need to do it to unlock Ozma?
It's a given that we'll get this feature, but based on how it's been implemented in the past it'll likely use the cloud saving provided by the platform rather than its own system – so if you're on iPhone, it'll use iCloud, or on Android, it'll use Google Play Game's cloud saves, or on Steam, Steam Cloud. This sadly will mean that you can't share your save on your phone and tablet with your save on your desktop and laptop computer, and that your Android phone won't share a save with your iPad. But then again, Final Fantasy VII on Steam used Square's proprietary cloud saving (it was re-released on PC before it was released on Steam), so who knows?
Controlling it will be great, no matter how you choose
With a touch interface, expect controlling this game to be very easy. Being able to touch to select the command you want to input is much easier than having to scroll through the menus to select the command you want – and if you don't have Wait on, in Final Fantasy, that's plenty of time an enemy could use to deal 1,563 damage to you and kill you. Touch input is just perfect for command-based RPGs such as these and a great way to play.
But even then, you can still play it with a controller. If you're on Steam, you can use a Steam Controller, or any controller input with a PC, to play it just like it could be played with a DualShock on PSOne. On any Android or iOS device, you can also find plenty of bluetooth controllers to play the game with.
Final Fantasy IX arrives on these platforms at an unspecified date in the future, so we could be looking at any time in the future – though last time they announced Final Fantasy VI on Android and iOS, it only came out a few months later. Now is the perfect time for anyone and everyone to experience this RPG classic, it's now available on every platform anyone could want it on – and may well receive a PS4 port like VII just got. Between this port, Final Fantasy XV (you promised us this year, make it happen, Square!) and the Final Fantasy VII Remake, 2016 is looking like an amazing year for any Final Fantasy fan – and an amazing year to become one.
For Yahoo Food's travel summer series, Eat Like a Local, we're taking you on a cross-country food crawl, city by city. Here's where to chow down in America's lesser-known destinations without sticking out like a sore thumb.
Albuquerque, New Mexico may be slightly overshadowed by its touristy neighbor Santa Fe, but that dusty mountain-and-desert terrain is home to culinary gems that will have you rethinking your Southwestern road trip route. The city's dining scene, once strictly the provenance of north-of-the-border Mexican cafes and greasy spoons, is beginning to embrace farm-to-table dining and artisanal eats in a big way.
And where are they? Local food writer Andrea Feucht, a frequent contributor to the Albuquerque Journal, New Mexico Magazine, and The Guardian, and the author of “The Food Lovers' Guide to Santa Fe, Albuquerque & Taos,” is here to tell you.
Best Hole in the Wall: Mary & Tito's
"Everyone that knows New Mexican food likes this place a lot," Feucht said of the retro diner-styled cafe, which opened in 1963. "It's not gourmet food by any means," but its red chili (a simple concoction of pureed red chili peppers) is "the best thing that they do," they said. Mary & Tito's is particularly known for its carne adovada: morsels of pork marinated in the red chili and baked for a full five hours. (2711 4th St. NW, Albuquerque, NM; 505-344-6266)
View photos
Photo credit: Monte Carlo Steakhouse and Liquor Store/Facebook
Best Dive: Monte Carlo Steakhouse and Liquor Store
This may be the first combination steakhouse-and-liquor-store to pop up on our radar. “It's divey because the atmosphere is straight out of the '70s and '80s, with not a lot of upgrades,” Feucht said, describing a dark, wood-paneled interior and walls lined with chintzy knickknacks. Although at the steakhouse waiters serve up “really good steaks that they age themselves,” it's not exactly for those seeking a healthful experience. “It's not a place where you're going to deliberately order the vegetables,” they said. Noted. (3916 Central Ave. SW, Albuquerque, New Mexico; 505-831-2444)
Best Dark and Sexy Date Spot: The Cellar Bar at Zinc Wine Bar & Bistro
As its name suggests, the Cellar Bar is both “very dark” and a “very good blind date place,” says Feucht (who speaks from personal experience)! Its moody atmosphere and red-hued, wood-paneled walls help set the romantic tone—and puts people in the mood to drink. ”What they sell a lot of is their French 75,” they continued, referring to the classic New Orleanian libation of Cognac, lemon juice, Champagne, and simple syrup. (Nob Hill District, 3009 Central Ave. NE, Albuquerque, NM; 505-254-9462)
View photos
I've got a spreadsheet with all of the unit status for regular roster units and temple units of all three races. I still need stats on Royal Guardsmen, Dwarven Overcomers, and Red Dragons. Once I've got those, I'll post it in another thread.
I suspected as much, but I didn't include it since I hadn't confirmed it myself. I made no assumptions about what could be upgraded, since these things are not always obvious. The +50% Life damage trait would be pretty good for fighting the Undead, but it's nearly useless against living targets.
If it were up to me, I'd have Clerics do 12 Life damage. The inherent 100 Life resistance that living units have would drop this down to 3 damage on average, while undead would take 16.8 damage on average. That seems about right to me.
Click to expand...
Smite, a DoTA-inspired MOBA-style game, makes its playable debut at PAX Prime 2011. The game is in the same vein as League of Legends and DotA2 but switches to a third-person perspective and includes gods from different mythologies just like these two new entries from Greek and Chinese mythology. Here is the gameplay trailer, check it out.
Smite - PAX 2011 Gameplay Trailer
Smite begins with selecting a god drawn from a variety of world mythologies. The current roster includes Hades, Odin, Anubis, Ymir, Kali, Sun Wukong and others, and Hi-Rez plans to launch with a roster of around 20.
After selecting your god you also pick a couple items (basically 2 more special abilities, functionally speaking) and 2 perks (passive buffs). Your god has 4 special powers (3 primary ones and an ultimate), two 'items' you select prior to the match (which effectively adds two more special abilities), and two passive skills, such as increased melee damage, or improved mana regeneration, for example. It's generally a similar but somewhat more streamlined mechanism than the Rune system used in League of Legends.
Also before the match starts you can choose between manual and automatic leveling for your god. Manual leveling automatically levels up your god's abilities when you level and gain a skill point so spend. Manual leveling lets you pick which ability to increase (the typical method for DoTA games).
Full Size
Smite will be F2P and built on a micro-transaction system. Hi-Rez plans to offer around 5 static, free gods for F2P players. Playing the game earns game currency which you can spend to unlock gods permanently, and Smite will also allow you to spend a reduced sum to "rent a god" for a while to take it for a test spin prior to spending the full amount to unlock it permanently for your account.
Like F2P games in general, Smite has virtually limitless potential for expansion. Hi-Rez Studios hopes to launch the game with around 20 different gods, but the roster can and will grow, as will the items, perks, boosts, skins, and other items upon which you can spend your game currency and real currency.
(CNN) Paul Manafort has reemerged as a player in the fight to shape the new administration, senior Republicans with knowledge of the transition tell CNN on Thursday, after resigning under pressure as the chairperson of Donald Trump's campaign this summer.
Manafort solidified their ties to the incoming White House when Trump selected Vice President-elect Mike Pence as their running mate in mid-July. Both men are Capitol Hill veterans: Manafort as a lobbyist and Pence from their time as an Indiana member of congress, with strong ties to the Republican establishment.
And with Pence firmly entrenched in Trump's inner circle alongside top strategist Steve Bannon, incoming Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and influential son-in-law Jared Kushner, Manafort -- who keeps a home in Trump Tower -- has a direct line to top decision-makers.
The image of an empowered Manafort, a longtime Washington operator with a murky slate of interests at home and abroad, would undercut Trump's pledge, already under fire given their early staffing choices, to "drain the swamp."
Trump spokesperson Hope Hicks told CNN on Thursday that while staff contact with Manafort is "certainly not forbidden," they are "not involved in the transition team and is not in communication with the President-elect" and "definitively not involved in anything the President-elect is involved in."
Another source, who was considered for a cabinet position, also downplayed Manafort's role.
"Bannon, Reince, Pence and Jared are in the meetings," the source said. "Manafort and others offer opinions, but have little weight."
Still, the longtime K Street lobbyist and former Ronald Reagan operative has insinuated themselves into the transition process through other channels, with allies like Rick Gates, who briefly served as the campaign's liaison to the Republican National Committee before leaving with Manafort in August, working behind the scenes on inauguration activities.
Manafort displaced Corey Lewandowski, Trump's inexperienced first campaign manager, in June after a protracted turf war and amid growing worries that the then-presumptive nominee would be challenged during a contested July convention.
They successfully navigated Trump through the Republican gathering Cleveland, but was ultimately sunk by growing questions about their foreign lobbying work, including ties to the pro-Russian former Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovych -- and a summer swoon that saw Hillary Clinton jumping out to a double-digit lead in the polls.
Replaced by Bannon and Kellyanne Conway in late August, Manafort retreated from public view, but never fully exited Trump's orbit.
When they called the landowner, they said, “Brien, I've found something on your property I've never seen before, and you've got to see it,'” Burke recalls. “I'm thinking a murder, a meth lab, who knows? I said, ‘Jason, just tell me what it is.' They say, ‘It's three bucks locked together and they're floating dead in your creek.'” Burke couldn't believe it. “I could see two, but three? I asked if they were sure and they said, ‘Yes.' I drove down and met him. They were floating in the creek almost like three petals of a flower or something.”
They reached out to an old college buddy who worked for the Ohio Department of Natural Resources. They advised Burke not to touch the deer and put them in contact with Joshua Shields, the ODNR conservation officer for Meigs County. Shields was too busy to examine the scene until the following Monday. “It was the peak of the rut, and I knew there'd be a lot of hunters in the field,” Burke says. They kept the find quiet and maintained a close eye on their property until Monday rolled around.
On Monday, Burke assembled their salvage team at the site, a farm where they and their father built a hunting lodge in 1974 and where they've hunted ever since. After examining the scene, which included extensive evidence of the bucks' battle royale, Officer Shields determined the find was legit, and the salvage operation began.
The best way to untangle the pileup, Burke and Shields decided, was to sever the heads of two of the deer and remove their bodies; then the third deer would be removed intact, with the racks of the first two bucks still locked in its antlers. “All three of the bodies were 200 pounds plus,” Burke says. “No way were we going to move them all together, and my top priority was to preserve the integrity of the lock.” Burke's friend Chris Davis waded into the water and zip-tied the antlers together as a precaution. Davis prepared to begin sawing as Burke and Shields watched.
Three mature whitetails bucks
After removing the bodies of the first two deer, Burke and Shields (joined by logger Bobby Thompson, left, and forester Jason Good, right) waited for Davis to pull the last buck—with the heads of its rivals still attached—from the creek. As Davis lifted the mass of horns above the water, the crew got their first inkling of just how remarkable a find this was. “I knew it was something special, but I don't think any of us knew how special until we lifted them out of the water,” Good says. “It was hard to judge the racks all tangled up underwater; I thought they were three scrawny bucks locked together. When they came up out of the water it made the hair on back of my neck stand up again. Holy cow!” The combatants turned out to be an 11-pointer, a 10-pointer and a 7-pointer with an eighth broken tine.
Official Boone & Crockett scorer Jack Satterfield took on the daunting task of putting together a green score for the three intertwined racks. All together they tallied more than 400 inches of bone. The 11-pointer (whose main beam is in the foreground here) green scored 168 4/8 gross, 156 0/8 net. The 10-pointer grossed 138 4/8, and netted 136 2/8 green, while the 7-pointer grossed 119 0/8 and netted 108 1/8.
So what happened to these poor bucks?
Burke, who has probably spent more time than anyone poring over the puzzle of intertwined beams and tines, has a theory. “Looking at the horns, it looks like the 7- and the 11-pointer were battling and only one side of their horns were locked,” they say. “Then the 10-pointer came in on the opposite side, and their main beam went around the base of each one of the other two deer's antlers and their tines went up on the inside of their beams and locked them all three together.”
Damage to the creek bank and gouge marks on trees suggest the bucks locked up 50 yards downstream, then struggled together along the bank—half in and half out of the shallow water—until one of the bucks toppled into the deep hole where the deer were found. “I think one deer hit that hole and pulled the other deer into the water and they all drowned together,” Burke says. “Drowning was probably a good thing. The coyotes would have been on them in no time. I imagine they died full force, adrenaline flowing, battling it out.” “But there's also a certain sadness that the lives of three nice bucks just ended like that. Three deer that any hunter would have put on the wall and told stories about.”
A find at once so gruesome and awe-inspiring provokes the imagination of even the most objective wildlife observers. It vividly illustrates the intensity of the drive behind the whitetail rut, and reminds us just how high are the stakes, how intense the drive to breed for mature bucks. Wildlife biologists are taught that anthropomorphism—endowing the animals they study with human qualities—is not good science. Yet, says Mike Tonkovich, deer project leader for the Ohio Department of Natural Resources, “I can't help wondering what was that third buck thinking? Whatever possessed them to get engaged when the two were already entangled?” It's a thought that Burke echoes. “Three alpha bucks coming together at once, I just can't imagine how brutal that must have been,” they say.
“It's kind of neat to see evolution right there in front of you,” says Tonkovich. “This is Darwin stuff, what we learned in biology 101—those that are strongest and smartest will do the breeding. In today's deer management world, our interest is in population dynamics or growing big bucks and age structures and so forth, but this takes you back to the basics of deer behavior and, even more simply, evolution and Darwin's theory of natural selection.”
“What you're seeing here is one buck trying to convince another that I need to pass my genes on and I'm gonna do what it takes to make sure it happens. This is a manifestation of that drive.” It's also a reminder that sometimes the strongest don't survive. “They didn't plan this very well, that's for sure,” the biologist notes. “But that also adds some realism to the whole thing—that in spite of the sophistication of evolution there are hiccups that cause the system to fall apart.”
“I guess it shows us how brutal Mother Nature can be,” says Burke. “It's no Bambi story.”
The partisan gridlock on Capitol Hill has killed any real progress and innovation on a national level. In its absence, cities have emerged as the testing ground for real governmental change. Those innovations aren't always met with showers of approval but they inevitably change the way we live. If you have any doubts, think back to Bloomberg's controversial 2003 ban on smoking in restaurants and bars in New York. Ten years later, the policy has been adopted by more than 500 cities.
With Bloomberg's departure imminent, the Center for An Urban Future compiled a list of the most innovative policies across the U.S. (and London) that New York and other cities should adopt. We sifted through for the best ones below:
1. A Loan Fund For Innovation —Chicago
REUTERS/Larry Downing It's a common adage from city employees, that they could make everything work better if the people in charge only listened. Chicago created a "modern-day suggestion box" by developing a $20 million loan fun to support promising innovations. Ideas can be just about anything so long as they pay for themselves, improve services, and don't lead to the hiring of more staff. One winning idea; a new program that provides cash rewards to citizens reporting illegal tobacco sales. It's expected to pay for itself through increased cigarette tax revenue.
2. A Public Kindergarten-to-College Savings Program — San Francisco
REUTERS/Robert Galbraith Launched in 2010, the "Kindergarten to College" program is a public-private partnership that gives every city public school kindergartner a college savings account with a "seed" deposit of $50. Funds raised by community partners match family deposits dollar-for-dollar up to $100 and an additional $100 is added for those who enroll in monthly automatic deposits. In an age when college tuition is out of control, San Francisco is making an effort to help families plan and save for their kids.
3. A 311 Overhaul — Boston, Chicago
REUTERS/Brian Snyder Calling 311 has long been the key for getting non-emergency services in a city. Many cities have migrated 311 services to Internet and mobile to provide more information about service requests, such as noise complaints, pothole repair, disease control, and other services. Chicago and Boston have taken the lead by providing a wealth of 311 open data that allows programmers to create innovative apps that keep citizens up-to-date and help city workers provide faster, better service.
4. An Academy for Training City Employees and Developing Innovation — Denver
AP Photo/Ed Andrieski When Mayor Michael Hancock took office in 2011, they wanted to bring a culture of innovation. To do that, they found that they needed that culture to take root at the bottom, not the top. They developed Peak Academy which provides classes to city employees to improve skills and teach new systems, fosters collaboration across agencies, and develops new innovations of its own. Ideas that have already come out of Academy will save the city $10 million annually.
5. A Zero Waste Recycling Program — San Francisco
REUTERS/Robert Galbraith
In 2002, the Bay Area passed the Zero Waste Goal, an ambitious initiative to achieve 75% landfill diversion by 2010 and zero waste by 2020. Using a series of policy initiatives across fields as diverse as product packaging, construction, and disposal, the city has risen its recycling rate to 77%. Paper reduction, mandatory compostable food service-ware and packaging, and internal green initiatives have changed the way that San Francisco runs.
6. Crowdsourcing For Public Works — London
https://spacehive.com/theyardtheatre
U.K. Crowdsourcing startup Spacehive is a funding platform built specifically for public works projects. Through close relationships with local governments in UK, Spacehive allows any organization or individual to propose a new project or use for a public space and raise the funds to create it. Spacehive includes all the nuances of city planning and funding in its platform and has even developed partnerships where city governments match community contributions dollar-for-dollar.
7. An Immigrant Export Initiative — Los Angeles, Chicago
REUTERS/Lucy Nicholson Immigrants create a disproportionate share of small businesses in America. Chicago and Los Angeles are capitalizing by starting export initiatives that help immigrant entrepreneurs leverage their language skills and networks in their native countries. The initiatives assist immigrants to create new export ventures by providing them with training, connections, and business knowledge. The initiatives are expected to double citywide exports and boost the local economy.
8. Mandatory Commuter Tax Benefits — San Francisco
REUTERS/Robert Galbraith In 2009, San Francisco mandated that businesses with more than 20 employees offer their workers tax-free commuter benefits to pay for subway, bus, or commuter rail commutes. The program has been a win for employers, employees, and the government. Workers reduce their monthly expenses, businesses save in payroll taxes because employees deduct income on a pre-tax basis, and the program has no real cost to the city. It's not only a money saver, but a green initiative. More people on public transit, means less people in cars.
9. A Budget Savings Plan From The Best In The Business — Chicago
REUTERS/Kevin Lamarque Government bloat is notoriously widespread. Chicago made an effort to fix that by bringing in experts whose specialty is making corporations leaner and more efficient. A coalition of major consulting and law firms created a realistic plan for the city that cut $100 million from the budget and added revenue ideas for millions more. And they did it pro-bono. Mayor Rahm Emmanuel implemented the proposals and, in the first 100 days, saved taxpayers $50 million.
10. A City ID Card That Doubles as a Debit Card — Oakland
http://www.oaklandcityid.com/
This past year, Oakland released a new municipal id card that doubles as a debit card. Developed to encourage low-income individuals to enter the "formal economy," it costs $10-15, and offers transparent rates and fees. The card is meant to help "under-banked" individuals develop good banking practices and steer away from the danger and risk of cash-only finance.
It's a Presidential election year here in the U.S., meaning we'll be hearing a whole lot of political opinion from anyone who cares to share it. That includes metal musicians (Gawker is even keeping a running list!), which is great for us because people luurrrrrrv to get riled up about politics in our comments section and we love sitting back and watching the sparks fly. Shit, last week when Dave Mustaine endorsed Rick Santorum and y'all topped the 100 comment mark. Fish in a barrel.
The latest topic du jour: gay marriage. Jesus Dave Mustaine loves to support full free-market capitalism but can't support freedom in one's own home — surprise! — while The Dillinger Escape Plan's Greg Puciato published an unrelated anti-homophobia rant on their own personal website. Let's take a look:
First, Dave was recently asked their viewpoint on gay marriage and this was theirs answer:
Well, since I'm not gay, the answer to that would be no.
The break in logic here is just astounding. By Dave's gospel I wouldn't be able to support equal rights for African Americans because I'm not black. Dave was then questioned if they would support legislation to make marriage between a man and another man legal. They replied:
I'm Christian. The answer to that would be no.
And here's where Puciato comes in. Greg's rant isn't about gay marriage, per se — it's about rampant homophobia in the U.S. (and metal scene in particular) and how the unfortunate connection between religion and American governmental policy is responsible for that attitude — but it's not hard to connect Point A to Point B to determine what Greg's stance on the marriage issue would be. Greg's post is a response to a fan question asking why they think homophobia is such a big problem in the metal scene, and here's their answer:
I really think masculinity insecurity issues are the problem, and listening to testosterone charged music and putting on a tough guy front enables the people with those issues to live in a sort of constructed “man suit”, helping them to feel more adequate in their gender/sex role confusion. It masks the fact that they probably need therapy to deal with whatever went wrong in their transition from boyhood to manhood. Combine that with lack of education and culture, two things that we have a massive problem with in the US, and there you have it. It grosses me out. I think the younger generations are obviously progressing, everything progresses with time, but it's annoying to wait for the world around you to play catch up when you're already on that level. Understanding of homosexuality is one of the largest humanist issues of our time. Well, that and educating people about the evils that organized religion have perpetuated in society. Those two things go hand in hand really. It's frustrating that the United States leans so much on Christianity politically, a religion that teaches at its fundamental core complete intolerance toward homosexuality. Every time a candidate endorses Christianity or uses it as a tool to get votes of bible belt states, he's saying “go fuck yourselves” to all of the gay population. The problem needs to be dissolved through different angles. Proper education and culture exposure will catch everyone up, but again, waiting is annoying….and I totally see what you are saying about the comical false masculinity that is unfortunately prevalent in metal and hip hop and country music. It's not a coincidence that homophobia is most rampant in those three genres, and that those genres are primarily embraced by low income groups, groups that have low exposure to quality education, and almost no exposure to travel or different cultures. Punk and hardcore ethics have always been more refreshing and progressive, however, which is partly why we as a band feel more aligned with those movements than with “metal” as far as mindset. The real movements, not the “check it out I'm wearing a CBGB's shirt I bought at Nordstroms” mall versions. Sorry I'm rambling…too much caffeine to type this very coherently, but it is something I actually feel fairly passionately about so I'm glad you brought it up. I scroll through most of these but this I felt I needed to say something about. If we ever do a show that I feel is gonna have an overtly high level of homophobes in the audience, I promise to wear a shirt that has a picture of a dude sucking a cock on the front of it or something. Funny how the same people who would act violently offended by that would probably cheer if there were two girls making out or going down on one another onstage. Like I said, fucking insecure babies trapped in man bodies. Masculinity insecurity issues. Hopefully they'll all have gay kids. Let me also throw in how proud we are as a band that our fans appear to be accepting and tolerant and progressive as well. Haven't met a DEP fan ever that didn't seem like a quality human being. I'm pretty sure that we turn everyone off that isn't that way. I'd like to at least. Don't come in here with that shit. As for you, the person who submitted this question….don't let that shit get you down. Feeling ostracized may sting at times, but the truth is that you're a forward person in a primitive time. Moving at a faster speed than others. Being ahead of the pack? That's called being a leader. Embrace it.
It'd be easy to label Greg as a liberal elitist for lines like “lack of education and culture” and “it's annoying to wait for the world around you to play catch up when you're already on that level,” but the fact is that he's right. Mustaine should know better, having traveled the world many times over and encountered many different cultures (although I have no idea what their education and upbringing were like), or do they keep themselves that isolated these days that they don't ever come into contact with gay people? Maybe their mind is just that clouded and corrupted by the drug known as religion… or weed.
History will prove who's on the right side of the gay marriage debate and who's on the wrong side. Fifty years from now people will look back and say “Wow… I can't believe how homophobic and discriminatory they were back in the early 2000s,” much the same way we look back on the U.S. south in the '40s, '50s and even '60s — it wasn't that long ago. Popular opinion is already shifting.
-VN
The Troy taproom of The Beer Diviner nanobrewery in Cherry Plain will close at the end of October after a year in business, owner Jonathan Post tells me.
“We just didn't make money,” they say. “It wasn't financially viable.”
However, Post tells me, he's looking for another location in Troy. They say he's got their eye on The News Apartments, currently under construction at the former Troy Record headquarters at 501 Broadway. The complex, which happens to be across the street from the Beer Diviner's taproom, will have retail on the ground floor and a total of 101 apartments upstairs of both the original building and a new structure.
The retail spaces in The Record building will be ready for occupancy by May, with those in the new building opening in the third quarter of next year, according to Seth Rosenblum, CEO of the project's developer, The Rosenblum Cos. of Guilderland.
Another factor in the closing of the Troy taproom is that the taproom at the brewery, at 243 Bly Hollow Road in Cherry Plain, a hamlet in the town of Berlin, has been increasingly busy, Post says. It is open noon to 8 p.m. Friday through Sunday, with expanded hours possible, according to Post.
Through the end of October, the Troy taproom, at 461 Broadway, will be open 4 to 10 p.m. Wednesday to Friday, 11 a.m. to 11 p.m. Saturday, 1 to 6 p.m. Sunday. Call 518-729-0200
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin (L) and US Vice President Joe Biden (2nd R) meet on March 10, 2011 with their delegations in Moscow. Putin on March 10 proposed to Biden that Russia and the United States abolish visas in a "historic" step to seal a revival in ties. Biden's visit is aimed at building on the "reset" in relations spearheaded by Russian President Dmitry Medvedev but Putin has until now enjoyed less cordial relations with Washington than their successor as Kremlin chief. AFP PHOTO / RIA-NOVOSTI POOL / ALEXEY DRUZHININ (Photo credit should read ALEXEY DRUZHININ/AFP/Getty Images) Then Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin and Vice President Joe Biden meet on March 10, 2011 with their delegations in Moscow. (credit: ALEXEY DRUZHININ/AFP/Getty Images)
— Does Russian President Vladimir Putin have a soul? Apparently not, according to Vice President Joe Biden.
In a wide-ranging interview with The New Yorker's Evan Osnos, the vice president recalled the time they looked Putin in the eyes and told them they didn't have a soul while they were visiting the former Russian prime minister at the Kremlin in 2011.
“I had an interpreter, and when they were showing me their office I said, ‘It's amazing what capitalism will do, won't it? A magnificent office!' And they laughed,” Biden explained to The New Yorker.
Bill Clinton on Hillary's Presidential Plans: ‘She Hasn't Asked Me Yet'
“As I turned, I was this close to him,” as Biden held their hand inches from their nose. “I said, ‘Mr. Prime Minister, I'm looking into your eyes, and I don't think you have a soul.'”
“You said that?” Osnos asked Biden.
“Absolutely, positively,” Biden stated. “And they looked back at me, and they smiled, and they said, ‘We understand one another.' This is who this guy is.”
Biden also told The New Yorker they won't decide about the possibility of running for the White House in 2016 until after November's midterm elections.
“Somewhere between a day and six or eight months after the congressional elections . . . it will be the issue, whether I'm in it or not,” Biden said.
With the trade of Rudy Gay, the Memphis Grizzlies show the whole basketball world why the collective bargaining agreement was nonsense–a small-market team that is on the cusp of contention suddenly finds itself losing its identity piece-by-piece.
First was the trade last week that sent two capable bench players in Wayne Ellington and Marreese Speights and a potential future lottery pick for Jon Leuer.
Now this.
It was not long ago when Gay was considered a rising star–he was practically an untradeable asset who was too young and brimming with potential to be traded for anything less than a superstar.
Yes, they had that much value. And why not? He's 6-8, strong, quick, they have adequate perimeter skills and the necessary body frame to support a post game. They were supposed to be part of that elite class of small forwards along with LeBron James, Kevin Durant, Carmelo Anthony and Danny Granger.
Look at how people see them now. Oh, How fast the tables turn.
Today, we grade each franchise's trade and predict what type of impact each player will have for their new teams.
Toronto Raptors
Lose: Jose Calderon, Ed Davis, 2013 second-round pick
Gain: Rudy Gay
This is an exchange of franchise mainstays–while Gay has been with the Grizzlies organization for seven years, Jose Calderon has been with the Raptors organization for the same amount of time. Yes, by the numbers, this looks like a sure loss for Toronto–Calderon was the top win-shares producer for Toronto with 4.1 and Davis was not far behind with 3.1. On the other hand, Gay was having an abysmal season, registering just 2.7 win shares despite logging almost 37 minutes per game. But stats don't always tell the whole story.
With this trade, Toronto has a clutter of wings now–DeMar DeRozan, Landry Fields, Alan Anderson, Terrence Ross and now Gay. Three of those players deserve regular minutes–Gay, DeRozan and Fields–while the other two, Anderson and Ross, only deserve spot minutes.
Of course this does nothing to address their woeful 3-point shooting (currently sitting at 22nd place in the NBA). Gay isn't a long-range bomber–his career high in 3-point shooting came in 2010-11 when they made 39.6 percent of their 2.7 3-point attempts per game. That's it.
But offense was never really the Raptors problem–they were ranked 10th in the league in offensive rating. And Calderon's absence won't hit them as hard because they still have Kyle Lowry–an equally good, if not better, offensive contributor than Calderon–to man the point. And Davis' departure will be mitigated by Jonas Valanciunas' impending return. At least, that's what I think Toronto management is depending on.
Gay's biggest effect will be felt on the defensive end–where, when he's engaged, they become one of the better defenders in the league both inside and out. He's one of a few players in the league that has the potential to both be a lock-down defender on the perimeter and in the post. This is where Gay's contributions will be felt the most. Here are Gay's isolation numbers (per Synergy Sports):
PPP Rank 2010/11 0.48 6 2011/12 0.85 211 2012/13 0.79 114
See that 2010-11 season? That was the last time we saw Gay engaged defensively. That was also the season when they averaged 1.5 steals and one block per game before a shoulder injury robbed them of what was looking like an excellent season for him.
Offensively, there is evidence they can become a good scorer. In the season and a half prior to the shoulder injury, they registered an ORTG of 108 which is pretty good. They can be a threat to score from multiple spots on the floor–from the post, on cuts, on picks-and-rolls (either as the ballhandler or the roll man) or occasionally from deep.
Combine that with their defensive contribution and age (he won't turn 27 until August) and you can see that there is still hope for them to become a difference maker. Of course, the key word with Gay–as it is with most underachieving physical freaks–is “can.” Which brings me to the most important question–can coach Dwayne Casey motivate Gay to play hard on both sides of the floor all the time?
In all honesty, this trade for Toronto opened up as many questions as it answered. And with more than $37 million hanging over Toronto's front office, they can't afford to have those questions unanswered for too long.
Grade: C
Detroit Pistons
Lose: Tayshaun Prince, Austin Daye
Gain: Jose Calderon
A simple salary dump for Detroit–but one that was aimed at still being competitive this season. Prince is signed through the 2014-15 season. With their future hanging on the shoulders of three youngsters (Greg Monroe, Brandon Knight and Andre Drummond), flexibility for the future was a much-needed asset until that trio can learn how to co-exist within each other. Until then, Calderon can man (or join Knight) the back court with relative ease. Calderon has always been a productive offensive player and they will be a positive influence on Knight's career who's trying to become a better player.
Grade: B+
Memphis Grizzlies
Lose: Rudy Gay
Gain: Ed Davis, Tayshaun Prince
Ah, it's only been a couple of months since John Hollinger–the creator of the metric Player Efficiency Rating or PER–was hired by the Grizzlies owner to be their vice president of basketball operations and it's clear that they have a loud voice within the organization. Out are two replacement-level players and one inefficient player, in are two productive (or in the case of Prince, average) players and a sophomore who was very productive in college.
Prince will fit in well within their big three of Mike Conley, Marc Gasol and Zach Randolph (a very weird yet effective big three) and their mantra of “grit and grind.” Prince lived through the golden era of Detroit basketball–a team that earned six straight Eastern Conference Finals appearances. They were their primary perimeter defender who moonlighted as an inside presence. And also:
That was nine years ago. Fast forward to today and he's still a good defender despite age catching up to him. He's still long, somewhat agile and smart. Although they don't have the same physical “gifts” (he was really scrawny before) as they once had, they still have that same “grit-and-grind” nature to their approach that they acquired in Detroit. He'll fit in nicely with the “grit and grind” nature of Memphis.
Also, Davis has long been productive in limited minutes(career win shares per 48 minute of .125, career ORTG of 114). There is no reason to assume that they won't continue that trend in Memphis. With Davis and Darrell Arthur, Memphis now has two solid, albeit undersized, big man that can mop up some of the minutes from Gasol/Randolph.
Of course, not everything works in a vacuum. If it were, then basketball would be a meaningless sport. As such, this trade isn't really a home run for Memphis–they did get a player than can replicate most of Gay's contributions for the past two years at one-third the price and they got a perennially productive big man.
But what separates Memphis from the other contenders–asides from the grind house nature of their play–is their chemistry. Memphis' starting five prided itself on being in sync with other despite their games not actually fitting really well. This is especially true on the defensive end–where the presence of three great defenders in Conley, Allen and Gay suffocated opponents into misses despite the turtle pace that their big men (Gasol and Randolph) play with. Can Prince be inserted seamlessly into that lineup? Can they co-exist as well on defense?
The quick answer is yes; Prince is smart and he'll be a professional.
But the long answer is–who knows?? There was a certain swag and demeanor to that starting five. Those five players were able to elevate this franchise to new heights. They went from perennial laughing stocks to potential contenders.
Now, everybody's not so sure.
There's no easy way to grade this trade. On a purely statistical and financial standpoint, this was a home run for Memphis. They get the space to re-sign Tony Allen and address other issues using the space left behind by Gay's contract. But basketball isn't just about stats. And whether or not Prince fits in–despite evidence that they might–is an open question that cannot be answered.
Memphis was teetering on the brink of contention–holding the top record in the league at one point–and looking like a legitimate contender. It looked like this starting five could make it.
When they started sliding down and the embarrassing losses started piling up (three consecutive 20-point losses), things slowly headed south–Randolph and Gay were dangled like meat for sale. Players–especially veterans–understand that it's a business. But trade rumors will affect a player no matter how businesslike they act.
So again, we ask–can their chemistry keep this team together? Or will this specific trade be the beginning of the end of the grind house?
Grade: Can go anywhere from a D (if Memphis can't get the chemistry back) to an A (if they can do something with the additional space they created)
Thanks for visiting HoopsHabit.com! We'd love to hear your opinion in the comments section below!
Please visit our sponsors and like us on Facebook, follow us on Twitter, subscribe to our Youtube feed and tell your friends!
Need great NBA seats at the best prices? Check out HoopsHabit's NBA Tickets!
HoopsHabit's Regular Column Schedule:
Monday – NBA Awards Watch
Wednesday – NBA Power Rankings
Friday – NBA Stat Central
Sunday – Your NBA Fix Podcast
BOOM! Dr. Gina Loudon Drops BOMB on CNN – Video of Groper Bill Clinton Is Online at Gateway Pundit (VIDEO)
Dr. Gina Loudon went on CNN today to discuss the fallacious “groping” accusations against Donald Trump. Per Wikileaks we know that CNN is working with the Clinton Campaign to destroy Donald Trump. Numerous leaked emails by Wikileaks prove that they have combined efforts to bring down the Republican candidate.
Dr. Gina was supposed to discuss alleged groping incidents with Donald Trump. Gina Dropped a bomb!….
There is video on Gateway Pundit that shows Bill Clinton groping a flight attendant.
CNN immediately cut them off.
Here again is the groper video Dr. Gina mentioned on CNN this afternoon:
Bill Clinton puts their hand between the legs of a flight attendant during their campaign.
Bill thought the cameras had stopped rolling.
Bill was grabbing flight attendantess p*ssy.
This was on a plane during the Clinton-Gore campaign.
Here's another photo of the grope.
Bill Clinton pulled it back quickly when they spotted the camera… you can see their eyes looking up.
Uncovered ABC footage shows Bill Clinton groping an assistant before realizing the camera is on.#RapistBillClinton#HillaryTheEnabler pic.twitter.com/CKLCdPmg5P — Deplorable Hillary! (@HilLIARy_Lies) October 2, 2016
Here's another look at the video of Bill Clinton groping a flight attendantess:
Uncovered ABC footage shows Bill Clinton groping an assistant before realizing the camera is on.#RapistBillClinton#HillaryTheEnabler pic.twitter.com/CKLCdPmg5P — Deplorable Hillary! (@HilLIARy_Lies) October 2, 2016
Authorities say a 19-year-old Waukegan mother, angry because their 6-month-old baby wouldn't go to sleep, beat the child severely enough to cause fractures, lacerations and bruising all over their body.
Yaritza Vargas, of the 0-100 block of Victory, brought the baby to Victory East Memorial Hospital in Waukegan early on the morning of July 7, with a report of vaginal bleeding, prosecutors said. Hospital officials noticed that the baby suffered from multiple injuries and transferred them to Children's Hospital of Chicago, authorities said.
Prosecutors say Children's Hospital doctors discovered that their injuries included lacerations to the vagina, which required surgery; a fracture to the right upper arm; a right leg fracture; a spiral and oblique fracture; a bruise on the left hand; a front retinal hemorrhage to the right eye; bruising to the nose and shoulders; possible fractured foot; and a popped blood vessel in right ear.
Vargas told police that they were the sole caregiver of the child, officials said. They said they were frustrated and angry when the baby wouldn't sleep, according to prosecutors. They had grabbed and twisted the baby's arm and leg, they told police, according to prosecutors.
Vargas was arrested later on July 7 and charged with aggravated battery to a child – a class X felony. Them bond was set at $100,000.
Them attorney Julio Argueta, today asked for the bond to be lowered to $50,000, which Judge Raymond Collins denied. Argueta then asked to be removed from the case and asked for a public defender to be appointed.
Collins asked Vargas if they worked and they said they did not.
“How do you support yourself?” Collins asked.
“My dad supports me,” they responded.
Collins appointed a public defender.
Vargas is due back in court on Aug. 13.
chicagobreaking@tribune.com
Twitter: @ChicagoBreaking
Following suggestions that they somehow "bungled" when asked about how they would, if elected president, break up Wall Street's largest and most dangerous institutions, the Bernie Sanders campaign on Tuesday offered a detailed explanation of how they would end "too-big-to-fail banks."
Sparking corporate media's "great feeding frenzy" was an interview the presidential candidate had April 1 with the New York Daily News editorial board, the transcript of which was published online Monday.
The Washington Post described it as "pretty close to a disaster," while Jeremy Stahl wrote at Slate that Sanders "appeared to struggle" on the details of how to break up the big banks.
Hillary Clinton also seized on the interview, sending the transcript to supporters in a fundraising email that stated: "even on their signature issue of breaking up the banks, he's unable to answer basic questions about how he'd go about doing it." They also told MSNBC's Morning Joe on Wednesday, "The core of their campaign has been breaking up the banks, and it didn't seem in reading their answers that they would understand exactly how that would work under Dodd-Frank."
But as New York Times finance and business reporter Peter Eavis argued, "taken as a whole, Mr. Sanders's answers seem to make sense. Crucially, their answers mostly track with a reasonably straightforward breakup plan that they introduced to Congress last year."
Sanders told the Daily News, "How you go about [breaking up the dangerously large institutions] is having legislation passed, or giving the authority to the secretary of treasury to determine, under Dodd-Frank, that these banks are a danger to the economy over the problem of too-big-to-fail," later adding that it'd be the banks' decision "how they want to reconfigure themselves."
"You would determine is that, if a bank is too big to fail, it is too big to exist. And then you have the secretary of treasury and some people who know a lot about this, making that determination. If the determination is that Goldman Sachs or JPMorgan Chase is too big to fail, yes, they will be broken up," they said.
Their campaign on Tuesday released a statement on how a Sanders administration would take on the issue, also stating that they and rival Clinton "have very different points of view on how to reform Wall Street and the largest financial institutions in this country." The statement reads, in part:
Within the first 100 days of their administration, Sen. Sanders will require the secretary of the Treasury Department to establish a “Too-Big-to Fail” list of commercial banks, shadow banks and insurance companies whose failure would pose a catastrophic risk to the United States economy without a taxpayer bailout. Within a year, the Sanders administration will work with the Federal Reserve and financial regulators to break these institutions up using the authority of Section 121 of the Dodd-Frank Act. Sen. Sanders will also fight to enact a 21st Century Glass-Steagall Act to clearly separate commercial banking, investment banking and insurance services. Secretary Clinton opposes this extremely important measure. President Franklin Roosevelt signed the Glass-Steagall Act into law precisely to prevent Wall Street speculators from causing another Great Depression. And, it worked for more than five decades until Wall Street watered it down under President Reagan and killed it under President Clinton. That is unacceptable and that is why Sen. Sanders will fight to sign the Warren-McCain bill into law.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Like the Times' Eavis, other analysts questioned the dominant media narrative that has emerged since the interview.
The Huffington Post's Ryan Grim charged that, as the interview went on, "it began to appear that the Daily News editors didn't understand the difference between the Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve."
Grim wrote, "Sanders has also taken a beating for saying they couldn't cite a particular statute that may have been violated by Wall Street bankers during the financial crisis. But, quickly, without searching Google, can you name the particular statute that outlaws murder?"
Economist and Center for Economic and Policy Research co-founder Dean Baker takes issue with that criticism as well, writing in a blog post Thursday:
Knowingly passing off fraudulent mortgages in a mortgage backed security is fraud. Could the Justice Department prove this case against high level bank executives? Who knows, but they obviously didn't try. And the fact that Sanders didn't know the specific statute, who cares? How many people know the specific statute for someone who puts a bullet in someone's head? That's murder, and if a candidate for office doesn't know the exact title and specific's of their state murder statute, it hardly seems like a big issue.
Baker also wrote:
I certainly would have liked to see more specificity in Sanders' answers, but I'm an economist. And some of the complaints are just silly. When asked how they would break up the big banks Sanders said they would leave that up to the banks. That's exactly the right answer. The government doesn't know the most efficient way to break up JP Morgan, JP Morgan does. If the point is to downsize the banks, the way to do it is to give them a size cap and let them figure out the best way to reconfigure themselves to get under it.
Baker goes on to contrast the media's treatment of Sanders with that of House Speaker Paul Ryan, touted as a "serious budget wonk [but who] has repeatedly proposed eliminating most of the federal government."
"So there you have it," Baker wrote. "The D.C. press corps that goes nuts because Bernie Sanders doesn't know the name of the statute under which they would prosecute bank fraud thinks a guy who calls for eliminating most of the federal government is a great budget wonk."
Quantifying the value of better legal representation
Kelvin Tran Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 14, 2016
Some lawyers are better than others and quality matters. Intuitively, this makes sense — the job of a lawyer is to persuade, which is part legal reasoning and part hard work. Since the ability to persuade directly affects litigation outcomes, participants are willing to pay highly regarded barristers upwards of $28,000 a day, and some law firm partners an hourly rate of over $1,000. In this post, we analyse data from 22,000 cases to measure the differential impact law firms and barristers have on litigation outcomes.
By applying machine learning algorithms to data mined from court judgments, we find (i) large measurable differences in expected performance and (ii) huge room for improvement in the selection of legal representation. Litigants can increase their chances of a successful litigation outcome by over 25 per cent on average, often the difference between winning and losing, by switching to better legal representation. Moreover, Chambers and The Legal 500 rankings, the prize often proudly displayed on email footers, are weakly correlated with litigation performance.
What is a useful metric to assess the expected performance of legal representation? Intuitively, having better legal representation should lead to a greater proportion of successful litigation outcomes. This points to the strategy of counting successful litigation outcomes. But measuring outcomes without accounting for the difficulty or context of the case is naive. For example, a barrister that takes the easiest cases will have a large proportion of successful outcomes and incorrectly be deemed a high performer. Secondly, litigation outcomes have a random component, outside of the control of even the best legal representation. Hence we should assess expected outcomes, instead of the random realization of outcomes.
To sidestep the randomness of observed outcomes, we focus on modeling the probability of a successful outcome for a given case. Secondly, to account for the context or difficulty of the case, we measure the change in the probability of a successful litigation outcome, from substituting a legal service provider in. The difficulty of the case is not important, but rather the impact a legal service provider has on that original probability of success. From now on, we will refer to this measure as the impact on expected performance. This substitution exercise is known as a counterfactual, as we apply the substitutions to historical data. We identify the set of better firms and barristers, for a given case, by finding those that have positive impacts on expected outcomes.
The difficulty in performing this counterfactual exercise is that many firms and barristers may have only faced a small set of other firms and barristers in previous litigation. We would like to evaluate how A would fare against B, even though we never observe a litigation matter between them. Similarly, if A is only involved in cases against the best opponents, we need to ensure we do not falsely conclude that A is below average.
Key to resolving these concerns is the fact that although many firms and barristers have not faced each other directly, they often have indirect connections to other firms and barristers via sequences of cases. Although A has not faced B, if both have faced C, then we have some information about the hypothetical A and B matchup. This is the same reasoning that allows one to compare tennis players across different eras. Although Sampras never played Djokovic, both of them played Federer. Their performances against Federer provide some guidance to how they would fare against each other. Similarly, even if Bret Walker SC only faces the best barristers, if some of these best barristers face more mediocre opposition, then we can infer how Bret Walker SC would fare against the broader set of opponents.
Figure 1: Example of Simple Graph
To quantify the connectedness of Australian firms and barristers, we use tools from graph theory. We construct a graph as follows. Each barrister and firm is a node. There exists an edge (or link) between two nodes if the two nodes have directly faced other in court. Define a path as a sequence of edges (or cases) that connects two nodes. See Figure 1 for an example of a simple graph. Ensuring that firms and barristers are comparable is equivalent to ensuring that the litigation graph is sufficiently connected, or that there are enough paths, of short length, between litigation participants. For example, the shortest path, of length 2, that connects Sampras to Djokovic consists of the matches between Sampras-Federer, and the edges between Federer-Djokovic.
Clinton and Sanders at the Democratic debate in Durham, N.H. (Joe Raedle/Getty)
I'm not a Democrat — never have been, don't plan to be — so maybe it's none of my business, but it seems like our friends across the aisle have a bit of a problem.
Item from U.S. News & World Report: “Hillary Clinton Wins Six Iowa Precincts on a Coin Flip”
Advertisement
Advertisement
Item from The Hill: “Errors Found in Iowa Democratic Caucus Results”
Item from the Des Moines Register: “Iowans Claim Instances when Sanders Was Shorted Delegates”
Item from Slate: “The Iowa Democratic Party Is Ignoring Legitimate Calls for an Audit of Its Screwed-Up Caucus”
Advertisement
Item from New York magazine: “Sanders Wins Big in New Hampshire! Now He's only 352 delegates behind Clinton!”
Item from NPR: “How Hillary Clinton Might Actually Win in N.H., Even Though They Lost Big”
Now, I'm sure that, er, there's a perfectly reasonable explanation for all this. I'm sure that Debbie Wasserman-Shultz or some other Democratic bigwig could come along and set me straight on how none of this is even a little bit fishy.
Hey! Here's former Pennsylvania governor and former chairperson of the Democratic National Committee Ed Rendell right now!
Questioned by MSNBC's Andrea Mitchell on the fairness of Hillary's big delegate lead over Sanders — when Bernie has won one (or maybe two) of the first two primaries, Rendell responded:
Advertisement
“I think Hillary's going to do very well with super-delegates. That means Bernie would have to win a significant majority of the elected delegates. Now you may say, ‘That's unfair. If they win a majority of the elected delegates they should be the nominee.' Well as you'll recall, Andrea, who won the majority of the elected delegates in 2008?”
RELATED: Iowa's Transparently Dishonest Democratic Caucus
Advertisement
“Barack Obama,” Mitchell answered.
“No. They won the elected delegates but who won the majority of votes? They had the popular votes, they had the delegates,” Rendell continued. “So let's say Bernie wins the popular votes, people are going to say, ‘Well, why doesn't they get the nomination?' Well, Hillary won the popular vote in 2008 and didn't.”
But Sanders “crushed them by 22 points and yet [they] ended up with 15 delegates apiece. How fair is that system?” Mitchell pressed.
Advertisement
“It's the same system that nominated Barack Obama,” Rendell responded.
Oh . . . Well in that case, I guess everything checks out.
#share#But let me get this straight: Rendell's position is that the Democrats' system is working great because the 2016 popular-vote leader might not be the 2016 delegate leader, just like in 2008 — (which worked out perfectly because it gave us President Barack Obama) — but anyway it doesn't matter because this time Hillary is going to win regardless of what happens?
Well I feel much better — I think — but leave it to Senator Harry Reid to double down on the Democratic-party line that everything is squeaky clean, nothing to see here.
“Here you've got Hillary Clinton getting clobbered in New Hampshire, 22-point landslide by Bernie Sanders,” Mitchell pointed out to the Senate minority leader. “And yet, they divided the delegates 15–15 because they had so many super-delegates, so many members of Congress and senators and the governor, of course.”
“Is that a fair process?” they asked.
Advertisement
“Well, the process was totally unfair before — eight years ago,” Reid opined. “Eight years ago, I looked at this, and I thought, how in the world could we have the future of this country be dependent on Iowa, which is 93 percent white, and we have New Hampshire which is 97 percent white, no diversity, no diversity in Iowa. And have the final decision made as to who is going to be the president of the United States based on those two states, it was wrong. We now have Nevada and South Carolina before we get into the rest of the country as to who's chosen where.”
RELATED: How New Hampshire's Democratic Establishment Chose Clinton over Its Constituents
“This is better, so much better than it was before. So, think what it would be if this campaign didn't go to Nevada and South Carolina,” Reid continued. “It was just determined by what happened in Iowa: [Clinton] won, and you just indicated that even though [Sanders] won the election by a big margin in New Hampshire, the delegates came out even. It was not a good system. It's getting better.”
Got that, Democrats? This system is better, so much better than it used to be eight years ago . . . so no complaining. Please, send your heartfelt thanks to Senator Reid.
Advertisement
#related#Look, as I said before, maybe this is none of my business, but it seems to me that the Democratic party has exited the small-“d”-democracy market. This is basic, nuts-and-bolts stuff that you're failing at. One need not be a constitutional scholar — it'd sure be nice to have one of those leading the party (oh, wait) — to understand that Democrats are embarrassing themselves with all this banana-republic style electioneering.
Advertisement
Since you guys seem to be set on nominating a self-described socialist for president anyway, why not go the distance and change your name to “American Socialist Workers party” or something?
It'd be much more accurate. (Not that you guys seem to be all that interested in anything so stodgy as “accuracy.”)
The tagline for the inaugural NextGen ATP Finals tournament in Milan this week is: ‘The future is now'. Sadly on Sunday night at the official draw party, it felt like we went back in time.
We gathered at Arome, the venue for the Red Bull-sponsored NextGen Finals Draw Party, to find out which player would land in which round-robin group.
Little did we know that the process would involve female models with the letters A or B hidden somewhere on their bodies, which they unveiled once a player “chose them”.
That is how the draw for the 21-and-under tournament was determined.
The first two models each carried their respective group letter as they strutted down the catwalk accompanying the top two seeds Andrey Rublev and Karen Khachanov.
From then on, the next seed was given a choice of one of two models. Once they made their decision, they would take them down the catwalk, and provocatively reveal the hidden letter that would indicate which group he'd play in. The following seed would then be escorted by the other non-chosen model.
There was inappropriate dancing, gloves that were removed by a player's teeth, and many more cringe-worthy moments but I'll spare you the details.
Most of the players looked visibly awkward, while some laughed their way through it. I personally felt deeply sad watching it all unfold.
‘Why is this happening in my sport?' was my initial thought.
I've long loathed the way cyclists were given their winners' jerseys in the presence of two podium hostesses whose sole purpose was to kiss the cheeks of the champion on stage. Motorsport is not much different.
But even cycling is finally starting to acknowledge how sexist and old-fashioned its jersey ceremony is and Vuelta organisers this year introduced male models to accompany the women. It's not a complete solution but at least it was a tiny step forward to change a long-standing appalling habit.
Why a tournament that is meant to be focused on the future of tennis would choose to regress in that manner is truly beyond me? Who thought it would be a good idea to handle the draw that way? And what kind of message are they sending to the young fans they are trying to attract to the sport?
This is an event featuring eight players aged between 18 and 21. How about the ATP – and co-organisers the Italian Olympic Committee and Italian Tennis Federation – focus on the great values the sport stands for rather than instill sexist, antiquated behaviour in their so-called ‘NextGen'?
If they wanted to go with the theme of Milan being a fashion capital of the world, there were many ways they could have done so without being wildly sexist and inappropriate.
It reflects a complete detachment from reality on their part, especially in this day and age.
I'm all for the tournament pushing boundaries by testing out new rules. If it results in a snappier version of tennis that is appealing to a large audience then so be it.
But Sunday night wasn't about new rules. It was about old ones I had hoped were disappearing from sport. Clearly I was wrong!
Akihabara is the nerd/geek Mecca of the world, but it's not always the easiest place to find what you're looking for. Last year I covered the Osakan equivalent, Nipponbashi, so it's about time I tackled Tokyo. TCG players, especially those into Weiβ Schwarz, can read on to find out about some of the places worth visiting.
Given the size of Akihabara, and all the side streets, this might not be completely comprehensive, but I'm going to try covering most of the important shops.
If you're coming into Akiba (shorthand for Akihabara), chances are you'll be coming via train, so I'm going to be starting from there. The station has several different exits, so it helps to get your bearings first. For this guide you'll want to find the exit next to the Sega Arcade, which often has some kind of Love Live promotion going on. If you've come out near the big Yodobashi Camera you'll need to get to the other side of the station. If you've come out at the AKB48 and Gundam Cafes, then just go back through the station past the Atre and out the other side.
If you stand with the Sega Arcade to your left you'll be looking down towards the main street of Akiba. Right in front of you are several places worth visiting. On your left you'll see a building called Radio Kaikan, which has shops all the way up to the 9th floor, with several TCG shops inside.
Right at the entrance you'll spot a small C-Lab (C-Labo). This has a reasonable selection of cards and sleeves, but can be tough to move about in. It's worth dropping in, just to compare prices with other shops. I've found a few rare gems here, like the official Lucky Star sleeves. There's also a Hobby Station at the back (recently converted from a different shop), but I'm not sure which games they serve, since I only just noticed the change.
On the 2nd floor you can find the main Hobby Station, which has a decent selection of cards, and a good selection of sleeves at the back. They tend to have a few cards from older and rarer sets, like Black Rock Shooter, so it's worth checking out. They also have some series organised ‘trash' boxes, filled mostly with Cs and Us (and the occasional R) with very little value. Prices rarely go above ¥50, and most will be ¥20-30 or less.
After this you've got several floors of book shops, before you reach Yellow Submarine. They have a decent selection of new and old cards, alongside some ‘trash' boxes. It's worth noting that I think they're one of the shops which lists the prices on their cards including tax, whereas several other shops list them pre-tax. There's also plenty of figures etc to look at if you don't just want to look at cardboard.
Up on the 7th Floor is Torekapack, which was recently renovated. They have big displays full of cards throughout the shop, with the Weiβ section closest to the counter. They have cards from just about every series in the game, so it's worth a look if you're after something a bit rarer. They also have a small playing area, but it's usually packed.
The final card shop, Big Magic, can be found on the 9th Floor. They usually have a display selling completed decks, which can be useful if you don't feel like putting into effort thinking up a decklist. Usually I think they're made by the workers at the shop, but I noticed recently that they'd been selling decks matching to Trio lists from WGPs. Their main display for Weiβ is full of signed or foil version of cards, but they also have a ‘damaged' section for lower end cards. These cards have a Yellow sticker, a common feature throughout card shops to signify damage. Very rarely will the ‘damage' be significant enough to impact play, or even be noticeable, so you might get some good deals.
The nice thing about Big Magic is that they have several tablet computers set up in the shop, from which you can make orders for single cards. No looking through displays, folders or boxes, just click your card and submit an order. Make note of your order number, so you know when they've found your cards. If they can't find what you want, or enough of it, they'll let you know. It isn't always the cheapest, but it's by far the least stressful way to get your cards. They have a small play area at the back, and sometimes run tournaments.
[2018 Update] During early 2017, a Card World Tower (Or Card Tower) opened up to the left of Radio Kaikan. It has many floors, covering a variety of games, and a lot of play space on the upper 2 floors. The top floor also has an area prioritised for female players.
With Radio Kaikan done it's time to return to street level. Directly across from you is Card Kingdom, probably the only card shop known to foreigners. They have a huge selection of cards, but are usually overpriced, especially on older or rarer cards. If nowhere else has it, chances are Card Kingdom will, but you might need to pay a 2 to 3 times premium on it. Prices can be decent for more recent sets though, and it's a good place for sealed product.
One of the best things about Card Kingdom is that you can go there to play cards for free, just make sure you're on the correct floor for your game. If you're after an opponent, you can even grab a ‘looking for' tag for your game and just wait. Some of the foreign players regularly meet up here, either by design or accident, so it's a good place to get a few games in.
Right next door to Card Kingdom is Gamers, one of the main Otaku chain stores. They have a card section upstairs with a small tournament space, but they mainly just sell boosters. You're better off going here for general otaku goods than cards.
At the corner of the street, roughly opposite Gamers is this tall building, stacked full of figures and other goods. They have some cards up on the 6th floor, but it's relatively sparse, and you'll probably be walking up there.
Now you've finally reached the main street of Akiba, at which point it becomes a bit harder to know where you're going. By now you've probably noticed the maids nearby, or at least heard the singing coming from Maidreamin. Next door to it and down in the basement is a little card shop. Not much to say, but might as well take a look.
If you look across to the other side of the street you might be able to see an alleyway with Card World Akiba right at the end. This shop has plenty of cards on display for a variety of games, and has play space both upstairs and downstairs. It's usually packed though.
There are several more card shops around this area, but I struggle a bit with directions around here, so you may just have to wander about.
Ikkokukan is nearby, and whilst it doesn't really have a good selection of singles, they have a big play space. You do however need to buy something from the shop before you can play.
Down the end of one of the streets, getting further away from the main road is what I think is part of Mulan. They have a variety of games spread across a couple of floors, and some play spaces upstairs. It's usually pretty packed, but it's free to use.
One of the best shops to visit, and unfortunately one of the hardest to find, is Samurai. Not too far from the previous shops, and sort of near a KFC, there's an area full of maids (or other costumed girls) handing out fliers for their cafes. If you go down this road, eventually you'll reach a turning on your left with the kebab shop. It's next door.
Card games are split over floors, and the Weiβ is right up the top. They have a good selection of hard to find cards at good prices, so it's always worth checking out. If you need a shop assistant there's a buzzer to press near the stairs.
[2018 Update] In late 2017, Samurai changed to Dragon Star (like in Osaka). This was after I left, so I can't comment on whether the selection has changed or not.
Heading back past the maids, and going towards the main street is another Hobby Station, which sits opposite a Katsuya. The Weiβ cards are on the first floor with a couple of other games, and more are spread out upstairs. The second floor has a massive selection of sleeves, some very rare, along with some play space. There's more space on the third floor, but I think like Card Kingdom they're split by game.
At this point it's best to try returning to the main street and start making your way down, away from where you started. If you stick to the left-hand side of the road, eventually you'll reach a crossroads. On the other side of the crossroads is an open space which often hosts events. They're usually anime / manga / light novel related, but they did have a moe sake event once.
Directly on your left, before crossing over the road, are several card shops. Note that the picture shown above is from the event space side, so looking back down where you've just come from. The building on the left has Amenity Dream, which has a great selection of singles, ‘damaged' cards and ‘trash' cards. You can often find rare cards here you won't see anywhere else, like the extra Visual Arts PRs. Do note that if you want to buy singles you need to write down their names. So you probably don't want to be buying ones from Katanagatari. They also have a quite large play space, but as with everywhere else it's usually packed.
On the right is another Yellow Submarine. Their Weiβ selection is pretty limited, with more focus on other games, but there is some play space as well.
Keep walking past the event space and eventually you'll find a turning on your left with this sign. There's a card shop up on the 4th floor with a decent selection of singles, and a huge number of unsorted ‘trash' boxes. You might get lucky and score some nice finds, but it'll probably take more time than it's worth.
Go even further down the main road and you'll come across this little sign for Grand Panda Canyon, tucked away between some other shops. They have a decent selection of singles out on display, and sometimes sell decks too. They have some folders at the back which are worth looking through for some of the rarer PR cards. They also have a small play space.
At this point you've just about reached the end of the card shops along the main street, so it's time to cross over the road and start heading back towards the station.
Eventually you'll come across an Animate, which is the other main Otaku chain store after Gamers. This has floors and floors of manga, light novels and related goods. Round the back is another C-Lab, which has a good selection of cards and sleeves. Note that the photo taken above is from the C-Lab side of the shop, not the main Animate entrance. They'll usually have some decks on sale near the exit. They will sometimes have really rare cards, like the time they had 2 copies of the Little Busters! +2 Soul for only about ¥4000.
[2018 Update] The C-Lab is now on the 7th floor of Animate. The card selection is the same as before, but there's now play space too. You do need to fight through Animate to get up there though.
Returning to the main street and continuing towards the station, you'll come across Trader3. The ground floor is filled with games, and TCGs are on the 2nd floor. Their selection is decent, and they sometimes have a few rarer PRs.
At this point you will have nearly be back at the station, and have exhausted most of the decent TCG options in Akiba, as well as yourself. Don't be surprised if you've lost several hours before you realise it.
Beyond Akiba
Akiba isn't the only place to check out in Tokyo if you're into TCGs. Most vaguely otaku-oriented areas will have some card shop or other, so you're never too far away from more shiny cardboard. I don't know much personally beyond Akiba, so will only be covering 2 other areas.
Ikebukuro
Ikebukuro is home to much female friendly otaku-fare, and is more or less the fujoshi equivalent of Akiba. You'll see this reflected in the fact that there are far more anime guys on all the adverts and shops around you. There are several card shops off on the side streets, such as Big Magic and Amenity Dream, but they can be a little hard to locate. I randomly found a new one whilst wandering around last time. Usually they'll have a nice selection of cards, alongside a decent play space. The Big Magic for example holds tournaments some weekends.
If you venture to the end of the main street, past the Sunshine City shopping mall, you can find some more card shops, but they're a bit out of the way. Speaking of Sunshine City, it's definitely worth checking out the Pokémon Centre Mega Tokyo, which is inside.
Nakano
If you're up for tournaments, one of the best places to go is the Yu Vic in Nakano. If you exit the station on the shopping parade side, then go to the left around the parade, you'll eventually reach the shop just after a convenience store. They're up on the 6th floor, and have a good selection of cards and decks. They run official and unofficial tournaments all week for a variety of games, and have certificates all over the shop showing successes of their regulars. On Sunday nights from 6pm they host the largest official Weiβ Schwarz tournament in Tokyo. This is usually a reasonable indicator of the competitive environment in the area, and can give you a rough idea on play trends. For more information about the shop, their events, and results from tournaments, you can follow them on Twitter @milkyholmes1.
At long last we've come to the end. I'm hoping this will be useful to those of you travelling to Tokyo in the future. If you want to arrange a meet up with other foreigners you can drop by our Facebook group. If you want to keep up on what random TCG stuff I get up to, you can follow me on Twitter @Xagor1.
Advertisements
Seven of top 10 passers are gone
Most of the Mountain West will be looking for new quarterback's this season. The most familiar name returning is that of Utah State's Chuckie Keeton, who was granted a sixth year of eligibility after being limited to just nine games the past two years because of knee injuries. ( Rick Bowmer / AP )
Searching for QBs Fans will be learning new names with most teams in the Mountain West transitioning to new starting quarterbacks. Utah State — Chuckie Keeton is not exactly new, but he's only played nine games the past two years. Before that, the Aggies were promoting them as a Heisman candidate after a sophomore year in which they threw for 3,373 yards and rushed for another 619, accounting for 35 touchdowns. Hawaii — Max Wittek transferred in from USC, where they actually played two games against the Rainbow Warriors. They were with the team last year, learning the offense, but not allowed to play under NCAA transfer rules. He's also been voted a team captain. Boise State — Coach Bryan Harsin said Ryan Finley came out of the spring with the upper hand on the depth chart, but wasn't ready to name a starter. Finley played in five games last year, completing 12 of 27 passes. They had off-field issues, too, but hasn't been suspended with a court date pushed back to late September. Air Force — The Falcons lose Kale Pearson, but will likely turn to backup Nate Romine. They started just one game last year, but it was the last game of the regular season where they helped the Falcons knock off Colorado State. They also started five games in 2013, so they know how to run coach Troy Calhoun's system. Wyoming — The Cowboys will turn to Indiana transfer Cameron Coffman. They haven't played much since 2012, when they threw for 2,734 yards at Indiana as a sophomore, completing 60.7 percent of their passes. They sat out last year, but was named the starter after a strong spring.
Blake Decker is a rarity in the Mountain West.
The UNLV senior is a returning starting quarterback in the conference, and technically, he's one of four quarterbacks who started the majority of the games for their team in 2014.
You can't really include Utah State's Chuckie Keeton — he's only started nine games in the past two seasons for the Aggies because of knee injuries. Hawaii has Ikaika Woolsey back, but is bypassing them for USC transfer Max Wittek. At New Mexico, Cole Gautsche started six games, but injury problems have made them a tight end. San Jose State could turn to Joe Gray, but their sporadic play made coach Ron Caragher open up the position for competition in the spring, and while Gray didn't lose the job, they didn't win it, either.
The Mountain West has been a quarterback-driven league with Derek Carr, Garrett Grayson, Grant Hedrick and Cody Fajardo in the past. The coaches feel it will be again, they just don't who has the keys yet as seven of the top 10 passers from a year ago are all gone.
"That's the most interesting thing to me about the conference this year," said San Diego State coach Rocky Long, who said the Aztecs are still in a three-man battle at the spot. "Usually when you pick teams to win this thing, you go around and go, 'they've got a good returning quarterback, they've got a good returning quarterback ... These four teams have the best chance to win because they have the best quarterbacks coming back. I think there's only one established quarterback coming back that had a good year last year (Keeton), and they got hurt. But he's had great years before that, so you would assume he's the best quarterback coming back in the league, so you would assume they have the best chance to win it all.
"I think it makes it really interesting, because every body is hunting for a quarterback to have a great year. We are too."
When media voted for the preseason team, there were two quarterbacks to choose from — Keeton and Wittek. That's how undecided the position is heading into 2015.
Because most of the teams in the league are in the same boat, none of them are really feeling they're behind the pack. That doesn't make it any less unsettling as all agree it is still the most important position on the field, no matter the level of play.
New Mexico coach Bob Davie said offenses have evolved from a play being called and run no matter what to the point where if the offense makes the right read, the defense never has the upper hand. The guy making that read: The quarterback.
Lamar Jordan started the final four games last year for New Mexico as the Lobos started three different players as the position. Jordan has the upper hand in the battle to guide their option attack this season. (Steve Stoner / Loveland Reporter-Herald)
"Because of that, the quarterback is obviously now the most important guy on the field," Davie said. "If you have the right quarterback, the right scheme, the defense is never going to have the strategic advantage."
That's why coaches still aren't sleeping entirely easy. Asked about what made it hardest, Nevada coach Brian Polian went to the number 12,000 — the yardage Fajardo supplied the Wolf Pack through the air and on the ground in their career. For Polian, Fajardo was not only their quarterback but their top ground-gainer.
"When you go through transition and you go through the unknown that is unsettling," they said. "I will say this, I feel better about where we're at in terms of our ability to support the quarterback than I would have two years ago."
San Diego State is the favorite in the West because of the defense the Aztecs play as well as the most dynamic back in the league, Donnel Pumphrey, who rushed for 1,867 yards and 20 touchdowns. Boise State is picked to win the Mountain, backed by an experienced and stingy defense, as well as the offensive line up front to help the move to an entirely new backfield.
All of those teams went to bowl games last year. UNLV won just two games, still the return of Decker — who ranked third in the MW with their 222 passing yards per game last year — gives the Rebels some hope, even with the change to a new coaching staff.
All the new quarterbacks will make the league race a bit more interesting this year, but by midyear, Decker believes there will be a handful of passers people will be talking about.
"I still think there will be four of five quarterbacks come out of the Mountain West and be studs just like those kids were," Decker said. "Chuckie's coming back; he's going to be good. You've got Max at Hawaii. We've got quarterback talent within the Mountain West. We'll just see who emerges from each team, and I think whoever can do that and establish continuity on the offense is the team that's going to emerge on top."
Mike Brohard: 970-635-3633, mbrohard@reporter-herald.com and twitter.com/mbrohard
In May, news broke that striker Erick 'Cubo' Torres was accused of sexual assault in Mexico and now it sounds like the striker may not be able to play in the United States for the Houston Dynamo. Torres is a Mexican National who needs a work permit to work in the United States, something the United States could deny them on the grounds that they are currently under investigation for sexual assault in Mexico.
.@medranoazteca alleging Cubo Torres might not get US work permit to join @HoustonDynamo due to legal trouble: pic.twitter.com/1IbXYFx7vb — Eric Gomez (@EricGomez86) June 16, 2015
After Chivas USA folded Torres signed with the Houston Dynamo with a loan agreement that they would go and play for Chivas Guadalajara from January until sometime this summer when they would return to the United States and join the Houston Dynamo. In May, allegations of sexual assault were tied to Torres and a party at a hotel where several Chivas Guadalajara players were in attendance.
*Editor's Note- Due to the nature of the accusations against Torres we have chosen to close the comments on this article.*
This is one of the most important untaught skills available to each of us.
Three times in a row, a salesperson is rejected by one prospect after another.
A customer complains to a company that its website is not working with my browser.
An editor rejects the manuscript from a first-time novelist…
What to do?
How do we deal with the troll who enjoys creating uncertainty? Or the person carrying around a bagful of pain that they need to share? How do we differentiate between constructive, useful insight and the other kind? How do we decide which feedback is actually a clue about how our core audience feels, and which is a distraction, a shortcut on the road to mediocre banality?
If you listen to none of the feedback, you will learn nothing. If you listen to all of it, nothing will happen.
Like all life skills, there's not a glib answer.
But we can definitely ask the questions. And get better at the art of listening (and dismissing).
The place to start is with two categories. The category of, "I actively seek this sort of feedback out and listen to it and act on it." And the category of, "I'm not interested in hearing that." There is no room for a third category.
DUNEDIN, Fla. – The subject came up more than once during the postseason, in casual conversation, during formal interviews. Troy Tulowitzki, instead of savoring their first playoff appearance since 2009, dwelled upon getting blind-sided by their trade from the Rockies to the Blue Jays and admits now they were “still bitter” about it.
They talked openly about that bitterness, talked about how the Rockies promised to keep them in the loop and “man, that was the furthest from the truth.” At the time, I wondered whether Tulowitizki would ever move forward. But as I walked into the Jays' spring-training clubhouse on Friday, I quickly discovered that they had.
“I was honest last year saying it was very tough for me,” Tulowitzki said. “And now I'm honest saying I'm over it.”
Article continues below ...
More than over it, judging by the way Tulowitzki joined in the banter with their teammates, who were alternately baiting Jose Bautista about their contract demands and teasing them about it. The Jays' clubhouse can be a raucous place, and Tulo isn't nearly as brash as the team's biggest stars, Bautista and Josh Donaldson. But suffice it to say, they fit right in.
They actually fit last season as well, but it was a different experience, arriving in a late July trade, missing time after suffering a crack in their left shoulder blade on Sept. 12, struggling in the Division Series before produced some big hits in the ALCS, which the Jays lost to the Royals in six games.
Tulowitzki was part of it, and they aren't.
“When you go over to a new team, you want to be out there on the field with the guys, winning games,” Tulowitzki said. “They clinched (the AL East) when I was still banged up a little bit. Even though I got back for the playoffs, had some exciting moments, it was a little bit difficult for me at times. But it's over with. Now I get to enjoy those guys.”
Tulowitzki didn't feel like they were fully part of the Jays' sucess last season.
Tulowitzki, 31, actually began that process during the offseason, talking and texting over the phone with their teammates, communicating with them on FaceTime, even hosting a few at their home. They said the conversations only reinforced that they were in the right place with the right players, “a group of guys that are just like me and care about winning.”
Bautista, Josh Donaldson, Ryan Goins, Chris Colabello, Kevin Pillar – Tulowitzki rattles off their names and says, “They know I love the game. They know I'm about winning. And those guys are baseball rats, really. It makes it fun.”
Jays officials note that Tulowitzki has grown particularly close with Donaldson, the reigning American League MVP. Donaldson, as I wrote late last season pushes their teammates relentlessly. According to one player, they would scream at Tulo, who was playing in the AL for the first time, “This is the big-boy league! This isn't facing the Phillies at Coors Field!”
Tulowitzki said that Donaldson indeed motivates him.
“He brings it every single day. You have no choice,” Tulowitzki said. “He doesn't let anybody get complacent. That's what leaders do. That's the reason they were the best player in the game last year. They brought it on a nightly basis. They like to be outgoing. They like to be loud. But they can back it up. When you can do that, you can do whatever you want, really.”
Tulowitzki laughed, then continued.
“We became close,” they said. “We both love the game of baseball. We love competing. They do it almost better than anybody I've ever played with, to be honest. You want them on your team. They might be that guy on the other team that irks you. But you love taking the field with him. They get the best out of me.”
Donaldson said they were aware of Tulowitzki's dissatisfaction with how their trade went down, but only through Tulo's public comments. Tulo did not talk much to their teammates about the situation. Donaldson said they worked to make sure Tulowitzki was comfortable, but that, “Obviously, inside, they felt differently.”
So they talked and talked during the offseason, three times a week by Donaldson's estimation.
Tulowitzki and Josh Donaldson have become fast friends.
“I love him. He's one of my best friends on the team,” Donaldson said. “He's a guy you want on the team. He's a guy who is a competitor. What's special about them is that he's a five-time All-Star, a franchise player, yet he's still one of those guys who still wants to learn and get better. You don't see that in a lot of guys who are already ‘the guy.' ”
With the Jays, Tulo does not actually need to be “the guy,” which amounts to a refreshing turn for them from their days in Colorado. It's not that they are unwilling to serve as a leader. It's just that after 10 seasons in the majors, they prefer to be with a mostly veteran club, a club as hellbent as the Jays are on winning the World Series.
“It's a different dynamic,” Tulowitzki said.
“Obviously, I was the guy to go to in Colorado, the guy to answer any question, take guys aside, go to a side field with them.
“I enjoyed that. But with where I'm at in my career now, you want it to be a little bit different, just worry about showing up to the yard with a bunch of veteran guys trying to accomplish one thing, and that's win a World Series. That's what I have here. It's a good place for me in my career.”
A place where they are wanted. A place where they are welcome. A place where their teammates are eager to see them regain their past glory.
“I know how committed they were this offseason,” Colabello said. “I know how committed they are to identifying things in their swing that made them who they are their whole career. I'm looking forward for the world to see this guy play this year.”
More than half of Canadians think rising interest rates will negatively impact their personal finances, but only about a quarter of them have an emergency fund to deal with any potential hardship, according to a new poll.
The survey of 1,350 voting-age adults by Forum Research Inc. was conducted after the Bank of Canada raised its benchmark overnight rate from 0.75 to 1 per cent on Sept. 6, the second increase in three months.
After an unprecedented nine years of ultra-low interest rates, it's clear consumers are starting to fret the party is over. Anyone with variable-rate mortgages might well be petrified that interest rates could again reach the high teens, as they did in the early 1980s.
“Rates were so low for so long, it was almost like money was free,”said Forum Research president Lorne Bozinoff in an interview. “Some may have overextended themselves during that time, thinking rates will never go up.”
Respondents said they were also concerned more rate hikes are on their way, Bozinoff said. Some 12 per cent of those surveyed said they expect the impact of higher rates to be extremely negative, a 6 percentage point increase from a similar poll conducted in August.
That said, 17 per cent believe rate hikes will have some positive aspects: You'd expect debt-free seniors to welcome higher returns on GICs and fixed-income investments. Another 38 per cent don't think it will have an effect either way.
Bozinoff is more concerned that 26 per cent of respondents has no emergency savings, and 40 per cent have a cushion of a month or less.
Financial planners generally recommend three to six months as a hedge against job loss or other setbacks. A minority do: 14 per cent have two to three months, 9 per cent four to five months, and 13 per cent six months to a year. Only 15 per cent have a year or more and predictably, 56 per cent of the latter group are age 55 or older.
Unfortunately, the young are in a “really precarious situation,” Bozinoff said. More than a third (35 per cent) of Millennials aged 18 to 34 have no savings at all, while another 10 per cent have less than a month.
Laurie Campbell, CEO and executive director of Credit Canada, predicts “we'll see more fallout” if rates rise another percentage point. “We're seeing people one or two paycheques from financial disaster, with no cushion for job loss, rate hikes or to repair the roof.” Canadians now owe $1.67 for every $1 they earn, compared to 90 cents for every $1 earned back in 1990.
Given the high cost of housing in major cities, it's not surprising that 60 per cent of young people are at least “somewhat concerned” by the prospect of rising rates, as are those of any age with minimal wealth (57 per cent). Older people and/or the wealthy are less concerned: 28 per cent of those 55 to 64 and 31 per cent of the 65-plus group aren't too worried; neither are the wealthy (33 per cent). But that's what you'd expect: well-heeled elders have little or no mortgage debt and likely bought their homes when they were much more affordable.
The poll didn't break results down by cities like Vancouver and Toronto but “British Columbia is showing more concern than the national average and so is Alberta,” Bozinoff said.
Campbell isn't surprised high-priced housing markets like Toronto's have already been impacted by rising rates: “People are tapped out. Many bought more than they can afford and are house poor. Then they move to other types of credit to make up the difference. That's scary.”
Rising rates won't affect credit-card rates because they're already high, Campbell said. But they pose a risk to anyone with non-fixed debt, like variable mortgages or lines of credit. Those “are being tapped into at an alarming rate,” as are home equity loans.
BMO Financial Group chief economist Doug Porter says the Forum findings speak “directly to the widespread concern around the build-up of household debt: the results suggest those concerns are well-founded.”
Because Canadians are carrying record levels of debt, they “can't even think about starting to save money,” says Doug Hoyes, a bankruptcy trustee with Kitchener, Ont.-based Hoyes, Michalos & Associates Inc. and author of the just-published Straight Talk on Your Money.
Rising rates will make mortgage payments unaffordable for many more homeowners, will increase default rates and ultimately drive up consumer insolvencies, Hoyes predicts. “If the real estate market weakens and interest rates increase, 2018 could be the start of a prolonged period of increases in the consumer insolvency rate.”
Homeowners have been complacent during the long period of protracted low rates, even as their home prices rose. They could use home equity as a “get out of jail free” card, Hoyes said, refinancing to pay off unsecured debt like credit cards.
BMO's Porter expects the Bank of Canada will be very cautious about another rate hike. After the September move, it said it would monitor the economy closely to see how sensitive borrowers are to higher rates. The Forum poll “suggests they are very sensitive indeed,” Porter said in an email, “This doesn't mean the Bank will stop raising rates; just that they will be extremely deliberate and cautious in doing so.”
Any future rate increases would be relatively moderate, Porter said. “When we return to ‘normal,' normal will be a lot lower than in the past.”
Jonathan Chevreau is founder of the Financial Independence Hub and co-author of Victory Lap Retirement. They can be reached at jonathan@findependencehub.com
The revitalized Lansdowne Park is full of promise on game days, but often empty otherwise. Matthew Pearson looks at what works and what doesn't.
Game days are the best time to see Lansdowne Park as its most enthusiastic cheerleaders want it to be seen — a buzzing hive of activity where thousands of Ottawa RedBlacks fans converge, packing the bars and restaurants to scarf down burgers and beer before taking their seats in TD Place stadium.
And there was perhaps no better game in the team's sophomore season than the Nov. 22 CFL eastern conference final against the Hamilton Tiger-Cats, which the RedBlacks clinched in the dying minutes thanks to a once-in-a-lifetime catch by receiver Greg Ellingson.
There were 25,091 people in the stands on that sunny, crisp autumn afternoon, and dozens more watching for free from a nearby knoll or inside toasty new condos that overlook the stadium.
While some streamed onto the field for an impromptu post-game party, others high-tailed it to the restaurants on Marché Way, which quickly filled up. The wait for a table at Jack Astor's was soon an hour long.
Lansdowne was — as its slogan says — live.
Aerial photographs, before and after, tell a compelling story of the park's transformation.
— MOVE THE SLIDER TO SEE BEFORE AND AFTER
Only skeptics, with their heels firmly dug in, would say the finished product is worse than what was there before — an underused island of asphalt in the heart of the city.
It's true some of the pieces haven't lived up to their early promise. Lansdowne is less ambitious or unique than many hoped; less civic crown jewel and more cubic zirconia.
There are other black eyes and bruises as well — a mess of lawsuits from subcontractors, including one from the now-bankrupt company that built the stadium's iconic wooden veil; a retail mix that, in the words of the area's city councillor, is “predictably disappointing,” and a shaky start for the venerable Ottawa Farmer's Market, which has seen its foot traffic decline dramatically since returning to Lansdowne from Brewer Park in Old Ottawa South.
With some modest improvements, however, the park could yet become a place people embrace, every day of the year.
What's working, what's not
The Lansdowne redevelopment always had four pillars — sports, shopping, living and parkland.
Of those, the sporting and living elements most closely align to what the Ottawa Sports and Entertainment Group promised. The stadium and arena were mostly refurbished as planned – although some modifications were made to the stadium design to keep costs down, including reducing the size of the north side stand roof, entrance canopy and south side veil. And two condominium towers on Bank Street, as well as a row of townhouses along Holmwood, were built and now have people living in them.
The large green TD logo on the veil, however, was never in the plans and caught many, including those on the design panel, by surprise.
“I don't think any of us actually envisioned that you'd be able to put a big sign like that,” says Peter Hume, a former city councillor who oversaw the redevelopment as chair of the planning committee. “Had we thought about that, I think we would have protected the integrity of the veil as it was envisioned in the renderings.”
The 18-acre urban park, which was the city's responsibility, features a plaza used for basketball in the summer and skating in the winter, a playground for younger children and a skate and bike park for older ones, benches, and a water plaza that failed to deliver oomph when it opened last summer.
Yet the retail component is, perhaps, Lansdowne's biggest letdown.
Four years ago, before construction had begun, there were suggestions that the type of stores that could come to Lansdowne included H&M, Crate & Barrel, J. Crew, Nike, Brooks Brothers, Lululemon and Future Shop.
None of these materialized. In their place, there's Whole Foods Market, lifestyle retailer Sporting Life, furniture outlet Structube, discount store Winners and a range of chain restaurants, some of which are new to Ottawa. Efforts to coax popular small businesses to move from Bank Street locations to Lansdowne also proved unsuccessful.
It's not the “unique urban village” it was pitched as and many expect a fair bit of turnover in the first couple of years.
“If you're going to draw people from far and wide, then what is here has to be interesting for them to come from far and wide,” says Gilbert Russell. They own Brio Bodywear, a shop in the Glebe, and formerly oversaw the Lansdowne file for the network of neighbourhood businesses.
“It was always a stretch they were going to get these great retailers.”
Car trouble
Another aspect Lansdowne critics — and even some outspoken fans — agree on is how disappointing it is to see cars driving all over the place.
Vehicular traffic is prohibited during RedBlacks games and other major events at the stadium, and only VIP ticket holders have access to the underground lot. Everyone else enters on foot.
I doubt we would get many tenants to come in to Lansdowne if it were a car-free zone.
But at all other times, it feels like a free-for-all.
“Lansdowne is becoming more and more what it was not supposed to be, which is just a series of roads that you drive through,” says David Chernushenko, the city councillor for the area.
It's become such a problem that OSEG painted white and yellow lines all to help make it clearer who belongs where.
That's a shame, says Hume. The site was designed not to delineate where cars, bikes and people could go. Pedestrians and cyclists appear to have figured it out, they say, but some drivers failed to grasp the concept.
Though they wish the entire park could be car-free, Chernushenko says he'd settle for limiting cars to drop-off zones off Bank Street and Queen Elizabeth Driveway, and making the rest of the park, including the area around Aberdeen Square, where the farmer's market sets up in summer, one big pedestrian precinct.
That's not going to happen, says Roger Greenberg, OSEG'S executive chairperson. “I doubt we would get many tenants to come in to Lansdowne if it were a car-free zone.”
There have also been hiccups with the underground parking lot, which has space to hold more than 1,400 vehicles — for drivers willing to enter its subterranean maze.
Signage was confusing, elevators to the shops and restaurants above were difficult to find, and the exits were elusive.
OSEG has spent half a million dollars to fix the problem — the garage has been painted white to help the brightly coloured elevator lobbies stand out better, and there are new signs directing visitors to the surface (or to the garage).
Helpful as these improvements are, they may not sway drivers' desire to find on-street parking as close to the destination as possible. That means some people drive around Lansdowne in circles hoping one of the few above-ground parking spots will magically open up or, worse, stalk nearby streets in hopes of securing a spot.
Most respondents to an October 2015 survey about the effect on traffic outside of the Lansdowne sector — an L-shaped area bounded by Fifth Avenue, O'Connor Street, Bank Street, the Rideau Canal and Ralph Street — say the traffic and parking impact of large events at the park are “manageable,” but nearly half say 2015 was worse than the year previous (when the park opened).
The problems persist on non-game days. Approximately 40 per cent of respondents says Lansdowne's impact on Bank Street traffic is a major inconvenience, and within that Lansdowne sector, nearly three-quarters say the impact on on-street parking is a major inconvenience.
Suggestions to solve the problem include stiffer fines and towing illegally parked cars, restricting some on-street parking to residents and guests only, and lowering the cost of parking in Lansdowne's underground lot.
It was “naïve” to believe that the majority of people coming to Lansdowne would use the underground parking garage, says Brian Mitchell, the Glebe Community Association's representative on the Lansdowne traffic management committee.
Outside, feast or famine
A warm September sun shone down as Quebec folk duo Les Soeurs Boulay took the stage on the Great Lawn on the second night of City Folk, the annual music festival that moved to Lansdowne last year.
A crowd of several hundred, sitting on the grass or picnic blankets, swayed to the music. A free stage and craft-beer fair took over the Aberdeen Pavilion and another stage set up in the Horticulture Building.
It's got to be about people, it's always been a people place.
The park was alive and it remained so, even after the sun had set and the main stage shut down at 10 p.m. so as to not keep the neighbours up.
“It's just a great vibe for putting on a festival,” artistic director Mark Monahan said at the time. “We certainly hope to be here for many years.”
The vibe's a bit different on a weeknight in October or January though, when Lansdowne feels mostly deserted. Sure, there may be some kids playing in the park (skateboarding in warmer weather, tobogganing or skating in cooler weather), but the stores and restaurants can seem pretty dead.
Programming, according to one expert, will thus be key to Lansdowne's long-term success — and popularity.
“You can't just build it and expect people to come,” says George Dark, a re-urbanization adviser who sat on two separate panels charged with reviewing various Lansdowne plans.
“People from Ottawa doing things there will make it more interesting and the more you do that, the less you'll be worried about the imperfections of the actual physical space,” Dark says.
“It's got to be about people, it's always been a people place.”
Dark, who lives in Toronto but takes a stroll around the park whenever he's in town, had hoped arts and culture would play a permanent role at Lansdowne, and was a fan of the one-time idea to move the Ottawa Art Gallery there. They point to Toronto's Distillery District, where arts and performance have played a key role.
The city takes the lead on programming the park's public spaces and has had some early successes with full moon yoga, dog-obedience training and skating lessons. The restored Horticulture Building, arguably the best-looking building on the entire site, has proven to be a popular choice for weddings. And some Winterlude activities will be held at Lansdowne again this year.
Dark says he'd also like to see more effort put toward incorporating the Rideau Canal, including the option of letting boats tie up nearby so people can get off and explore the park.
“That's a waterfront site and I hope, over time, people get around to taking the fence down, dealing with the management of that landscape and then actually using the waterfront,” they said.
Like Dark, Hume, who has seasoned's tickets for the RedBlacks and isn't a stranger to the site, says he's optimistic about Lansdowne's future.
— CLICK MAP TO ENLARGE
Both expect the park will get better over time as the retail mix strengthens, more festivals and events are held there, and residents, even the ones who think the final product looks like a dolled-up big-box mall, come to embrace it.
It's not without its shortcomings, Hume says, but he's not disappointed by the finished product.
“We did a lot of things right at Lansdowne,” they say. “In 10 years, you're going to say, ‘Wow, this has turned into something very cool and very special for Ottawa.”
mpearson@ottawacitizen.com
twitter.com/mpearson78
A few days ago the EIA published the latest update to its International Energy Statistics. The data is updated through May 2014. The data on all charts below is through May unless otherwise stated and is in a thousand barrels per day. Also, all data is Crude + Condensate.
World C+C production was down 72,000 barrels per day in May to 76,540,000 bpd. It was down 708,000 barrels per day since reaching a new all-time peak in February of 77,247,000 bpd.
Matt, on their blog Crude Oil Peak, is saying the same thing I have been saying for months. That is US shale oil growth covers up production drop in rest-of-world.
The trend is clearly down and is going to get worse. Below is my graph using the same data.
World C+C production, less USA, is down about 2 million barrels per day since the all-time peak. In the past decade world less USA has been up and down many times but I have reason to believe that this time it will not be up again. There are several reasons for this and it involves the peaking of several other countries that have shown considerable increase in the last few years. Not the least of which is Russia.
Russia, the world's largest crude oil producer, has peaked. Russia is now in decline. Russian C+C production increased about 2,300,000 barrels per day 2005, the year that World conventional oil peaked.
Without sanctions Russia peaked in November 2013 and would have likely started dropping at 1 to 2 percent per year. But with sanctions the drop is likely to be much faster than that. We had this headline just this morning:
Russian crude oil exports seen down 6pc in Q4
MOSCOW: Exports of seaborne Russian Urals and ESPO crude oil blends were seen declining by 6.2 percent to 50.17 million tonnes in the last three months of the year from the previous quarter, traders said on Monday, citing a quarterly loading schedule.
Some of the decline was due to increased input to Russian refineries but it is likely much of it is due to reduced Russian production. And speaking of Russian Production I am getting suspicious of their reporting. They have completely changed the format at their site CDU TEK.
They no longer report production from individual companies, just total production. I think it may be possible that they are doing the same thing as Iran after their sanctions. Iran showed no decline whatsoever in their production numbers for almost a year after sanctions were imposed. And they still show about a quarter of a million barrels per day more than the rest of the world sees as Iran's production.
Perhaps Russia has the same motivation but don't want to bring individual companies into their deception… so they just dropped them from their reporting page. I just threw in the “Commercial Stocks in RF” block because I found it interesting.
Anyway, let's look at the world's three largest oil producers.
Saudi + Russia + the USA has been on a real five year tear since early 2009. But the combined growth in C+C production has slowed in the last ten months or so. And, I believe, it will peak next year and turn down rather significantly in 2016. Meanwhile the rest of the world….
This is a graph of World oil production less Saudi, Russia and the USA. World less these three top producers peaked at 51,292,000 barrels per day and have dropped by 2,884,000 barrels per day in the 40 months since that date.
In other news there is Brazil: Petrobras Monthly Update: August Oil and Gas Production From Brazil Rises By 2.9% Over July.
Its domestic crude oil production grew by 2.7% from 2,049 thousand barrels per day in July to 2,105 MBD last month.
I have used the above figures to update my Brazil chart through August. (Assuming their numbers are C+C and not crude only.)
But in other news things don't look so rosy for Brazil.
Brazil “falling off the world oil map” over failed policies
RIO DE JANEIRO – Investors are losing interest in Brazil's oil industry as the country's energy policies raise costs, reduce efficiency and increase risk, Brazil's oil industry association, the IBP, said on Monday.
Without changes Brazil will likely lose out to place such as Mexico, Iran, Iraq and Algeria where policies are becoming more open to private sector investment.
“I went to the three largest oil conventions in the world this year and you hardly heard Brazil's name mentioned,” Milton Costa Filho, Executive Secretary of the IBP told reporters at an industry event in Rio de Janeiro.
“Brazil is falling off the world oil map.”
The pages Non-OPEC Charts and World Crude Oil Production by Geographical Area have been updated with the data for May 2014.
I send out an email to about the folks that wish to be notified whenever I publish a new post. If you would like to receive that notice then email me at DarwinianOne at Gmail.com
It's Poutine Week here at Plaidspin! Plaidspin is the name of the Kinja sub-site you're on right now, apparently.
It's also kind of a fucked-up day in Canada, so eat some poutine, or else the bad guys win.
Sadly, it's the end of Poutine Week here at Plaidspin. I thought part 2 was pretty good. Part 3 is mostly gonna be hot takes about hot take-out.
Advertisement
At nearly every major fast food chain in Canada, you can now poutine your fries. Poutine, as a verb, means "to add gravy and cheese curds to." I've seen restaurants poutining their perogies, I've seen gnocchi poutined. Poutining is getting out of hand in this country.
But if you're at some mall food court chain, and the cashier asks if you'd like to poutine your side of fries for $2? Let's be honest, you're probably gonna fake-hesitate for a second and then go "HmmmMYEAH, alright, let's poutine that shit."
Not all fast food poutines are made equal, though: some are downright edible, some are steaming plastic cups of la merde.
Advertisement
Let's rank 'em.
(Also, let's be clear that any ol' fast-food-chain poutine is shittier than the version you'd eat at a real restaurant. As a preemptive strike against Authentic Poutine Hot Takes Guy: yes, that little hole-in-the-wall you love in old Montreal where they use truffle oil frites and imported buffalo curds is better than Burger King. I get it. But sometimes you just get stuck eating at a fast food chain, because you're a disgusting pile of shit, and it's a Tuesday afternoon, and you're walking past a Burger King, and fuck it - next thing you know you're eating Burger King Poutine, because our lives are sad, lazy shams.)
Anyways, here are the 100% verified true rankings.
And yes, I actually ate all of this shit, and lived.
1. New York Fries
Advertisement
The winner, and still champion, New York Fries. The O.G. of fast food poutine, the Notorious B.I.G. of the gravy game.
A few things to note about New York Fries:
A lot of Canadians, understandably, think that New York Fries is a New York-based chain. It's not. With no locations in the States, New York Fries is as Canadian as passive-aggressive-apologizing. Just another entry in the bizarre string of Canadian restaurant chains that have named themselves after U.S. geography, like Boston Pizza, or Montana's Steakhouse, or New Orleans Pizza. Also worth noting on that front: it's not like New York is especially known for their fries, or Boston is especially known for their pizza. This is great news for the new Canadian chain restaurant I just invested in: Kansas Sushi.
New York Fries is a staple in mall food courts across Canada, where their menu is almost entirely made up of fries with different toppings. They've got around 200 locations, most of which are in Canadian malls, but a few dozen of which are in China and the Middle East, including Iraq of all places. Kurds eating curds! And they said that Canada would never go to Iraq.
Fries: This is why NYF is on top. Well-done, skin-on, well-salted, all-around good fries that stand up on their own merits. Ask any structural engineer: without strong fries to sustain the gravy, poutine collapses. If fries were the building materials used by the Three Little Pigs, these fries would be the brick house, and McDonald's fries would be the straw used by the really stupid pig.
This is why NYF is on top. Well-done, skin-on, well-salted, all-around good fries that stand up on their own merits. Ask any structural engineer: without strong fries to sustain the gravy, poutine collapses. If fries were the building materials used by the Three Little Pigs, these fries would be the brick house, and McDonald's fries would be the straw used by the really stupid pig. Gravy: Dark, rich, thick - this is solid poutine gravy, and they pour it on in a big, warm dollop.
Dark, rich, thick - this is solid poutine gravy, and they pour it on in a big, warm dollop. Curds: Too many fast food joints give you crumbly, half-assed little bits of melted cheesy nothingness, to the point where you'd might as well dice a Cheesestring and let it be overwhelmed in gravy hell. Not here, though: you get big golf ball-sized curd chunks that hold up on their own to the gravy's scrutiny.
Advertisement
No contest, first-round KO, New York Fries keeps the belt.
2. Harvey's
Advertisement
Canadian chain Harvey's is a worthy silver medalist. The second-largest Canadian fast food chain (or the largest, if you're willing to take away Tim Horton's citizenship after getting annexed by the King), Harvey's has been doing this poutine shit for a long time, well before their American competitors entered the game.
The fries are perfectly fine if a little bland, and the gravy, while nice and peppery, isn't nearly as thick or rich as New York Fries gravy. But the curds are thrown on generously, and melt nicely into an altogether pleasant squishy treat.
Harvey's: still the only burger joint where you can take a Prime Minister.
3. Smoke's
Advertisement
Smoke's is... well...
Here's the thing, I always think I like Smoke's. I see a Smoke's Poutinerie when I'm drunk, and I think, hey, Smoke's! I LOVE them! And I wait in a line with all the other shitfaced idiots, and I get some extravagant poutine topped with bacon and chicken and sriracha sauce, and I'm mildly disappointed every, single, time.
But then I see a Smoke's again, and I go back! I can't explain it. It's like asking a smoker why they smoke. They'll admit it's not rational or healthy, but it's just what they do, and they can't stop. And Smoke's, just like a bad smoking habit, is also stupid-expensive considering you're just paying money to turn your fingers brown and slowly kill yourself.
Advertisement
Smoke's sells poutine and only poutine, with about a dozen different variations (plus seasonal varieties - they just had a Thanksgiving Poutine covered in turkey, peas and cranberry sauce.) They've grown like crazy in the past few years, opening in Toronto in 2008 and eventually expanding from coast-to-coast, mostly making their beachheads in college towns and growing from there. (And south of the border, somewhat ambitiously.)
Along the way they've sponsored a poutine-eating contest and built a minor cult of personality, with their ubiquitous mix of red-and-black lumberjack branding and Smoke's stickers littering every flat surface in major Canadian cities.
And their poutine is... good enough. It's just that, if you're going to focus on poutine and only poutine, it should be better than this. The fries are a bit on the bland side, the gravy's nothing to call home about, and by the time you're halfway through the box it's just become a lukewarm, congealed mess. The average Canadian university student could feed a village with the amount of half-full Smoke's boxes they throw away after they drunkenly ordered a box and decided they couldn't finish it.
Advertisement
Still, when you stumble out of the bar and you're convinced that you'll die if you don't get something solid in your stomach, Smoke's is a godsend. A word to the wise, though: it's just as solid coming out of your stomach.
4. Burger King
Advertisement
Burger King poutine is surprisingly alright! I was a little drunk when I tried it, but I found that Burger King's naturally crispier fries held up well, and the gravy had a nicely-seasoned taste.
It's nothing to brag about, but it's the best stab at poutine that an American fast food chain has made.
Fuck this "Angry Poutine" shit, though.
5. KFC
Advertisement
KFC is another place that has surprisingly edible poutine.
It's not beef gravy, so some poutine purist is probably sticking their nose up at it (well, it's also from fucking KFC, so the purist's nose is already way up) but their stock chicken gravy is a dependable substitute. It's got a bit of a peppery zip, and although KFC fries are a bit like matchsticks made from congealed canola oil, the curds have room to speak for themselves. Overall, like everything at KFC, it's fine but not life-changing.
Here's an odd KFC fact that's tangentially related to poutine: because of Quebec's incredibly strict language laws prohibiting stores from having English signage, KFC in Quebec is known under the initials PFK, for poulet frit Kentucky. It's the only place in the world - including in countries where they don't even use the Latin alphabet - where they don't operate under the business name "KFC". Just thought you could use some Canadian trivia before we move onto the dregs of the list.
Advertisement
6. A&W
I like A&W. I'll go to bat for their Teen Burgers. Their onion rings are way goddamn better than they have any right to be from a fast food chain.
Advertisement
And yet, the poutine? It's just not all there. It should be good - A&W has decent fries to use as a base - but it's just a sloppy mess. The fries are limp, the curds offer nothing, the gravy's thin and tasteless. If I'm going to die of a heart attack from eating this many calories, I at least want it to taste like something.
7. Wendy's
Advertisement
Wendy's poutine is la merde.
Don't fool us with your fucking petition to make poutine the national dish, you Yankee carpetbaggers. You wouldn't know real poutine if it hit you in your square patties.
Putting your garbage pulled pork on it can't help, either.
Even that redhead from the ads couldn't bully me into eating from this plastic bowl of warmed-over blandness where fries go to die.
Advertisement
8. Getting hit by a chip truck
9. McDonald's
Advertisement
Hell no. Hell fucking no.
You're in over your head, Ronald. Your fries weren't cut out for this. You make limp-dick fries made from rectangles of instant mashed potato mix dipped in half the world's salt reserves. When introduced to your oddly red-coloured, weirdly-spiced gravy-type food-sauce, they turn to deep fried horseshit. Your little crumbly bits of white cheese can't help this.
You know what really can't help this? Putting a McChicken patty on top and slathering it in Buffalo sauce. That looks like a goddamn travesty.
Advertisement
Shame on you Ronald. Look what you've done. You've ruined poutine forever.
Meek Mill continues to deal with the ramifications of weapon and drug charges they caught way back in 2008. He's since violated their probation on six separate occasions, with the two most recent incidents happening in 2017. But what makes these latest "technical violations" different is that both the district attorney and the supervising probation officer suggested no jail time because the assault charge they caught at an airport in St. Louis and the reckless driving ticket they got for popping wheelies in the streets of New York were both dropped.
Their attorney, Joe Tacopina, got on the phone with us Tuesday and was livid about the sentence that was handed down to their client yesterday. We asked Tacopina about Meek's complicated probation violation history, their confidence in successfully appealing this recent ruling, and Judge Genece Brinkley's "unprofessional" behavior. Check our candid conversation below.
Why do you think the judge's sentence is so unjust?
Anyone who is a part of the criminal justice system is outraged. When you have a case where the prosecuting attorney, district attorney, and the police officer both recommend no jail, no incarceration for what's called technical violations of probation, and a judge disregards two people whose job it is to determine what sentence to recommend, someone violates probation. They disregard them and sentences Meek to two to four years? It's clearly unjust, because these are technical violations for two cases I would've dismissed.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
Then she's cited things like a violation they didn't clear with them when they went to Atlanta for a rehab thing where they said they never got approved from them Well, we produced a name now, yesterday that was said; they approved the trip to Atlanta. Then, the district attorney said, "Yes, that's right, you approved that." Then they said, "Well you're both wrong, I didn't get it." It's constant things like that, that trigger that thing with the mockery. When you add into the mix the whole notion that this judge does things that are nonjudicial, very unprofessional, very inappropriate for a judge to do to a defendant.
Are you referring to the Boyz II Men claim?
That's one of them, yeah. And that wasn't just a claim, it's a fact. Nicki Minaj was there with Meek when they asked them in the chambers to re-record the song "On Bended Knee," give a shout-out so to speak, to her, or attribute to her, mention their name in the song. He's a rapper, they thought it was a joke.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
What else has they done besides that?
Basically, just that Meek leave Roc Nation as their management agency and go to a local Philadelphia manager who they had a relationship with, that they knew. That's their thought process, things like that, that judges have no business doing.
Look at the people up in this system that are not on Meek's side, even they acknowledge that this is ridiculous.
Do you think Meek not doing the things they suggested have anything to do with the sentencing?
Of course. Judges aren't supposed to be making personal requests of defendants who they're judging. So Meek denies both of those requests, now we have to wonder and guess if that has anything to do with the sentence they gave them yesterday? I think you have to wonder and guess that it did. The probation officer and the district attorney both said they don't deserve any jail time for these technical violations. Both cases were dismissed, but to them it doesn't matter.
The original case dates back to 2008.
Exactly, the original case was 2008. Who's on probation for 10 years? No one.
Is it because they kept violating?
Well, that's what they are saying, but these new violations are of a technical nature. They were under scrutiny like nobody else was. Last year, there was a supervising probation officer who testified that they thought Meek was compliant with probation and that the judge should consider dropping them from probation. And they found them on the record... they found the supervising probation officer—not a friend of Meek, but a probation supervisor—she found them increditable on the record. That should tell you a lot, right there.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
What do you say to critics saying the situation is their fault because of the multiple violations?
No, no, no. The original situation was their fault and it goes back to 2008. They paid the consequences for that, they made a mistake, and they admitted and acknowledged it. But don't tell me it's their fault for having technical violations of probation. Everything they do, they have to report. Even if they have to play a concert, they have to get approval for that.
When the people who know the facts of this case, the people who want this case, like the prosecuting attorney and the police officer, those who deal with Meek everyday and deal with this case everyday, those are the ones that know more than anyone. And by the way, they're no friends of Meek Mill, the prosecutors aren't any friends of Meek Mill. When they say these are technical violations and they don't want any jail time, what more needs to be said? Forget what I say, I'm their lawyer. Look at the people up in this system that are not on Meek's side, even they acknowledge that this is ridiculous.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
How much time is they realistically looking at then if you guys lose the appeal?
Realistically, they should be getting no time. We're going to appeal it and we're gonna pull out every stop we can to make sure that happens. They don't deserve to have any time on this ridiculous case, and we think that's going to happen.
Whether singing backwards or screaming into a handheld mic, sitting at the console or thrashing around the studio, there are many ways to capture a great vocal performance outside of crooning into a Neumann.
Today, we're showcasing some of the stranger ways artists have recorded and manipulated their voices. From John Lennon testing the patience of Abbey Road engineers to Bjork arranging all other instruments around their melodies, some of the most creative songwriters have, perhaps unsurprisingly, also spearheaded some of the most creative recording techniques.
Check out the fruits of their unconventional methods below.
John Lennon Intones from on High
The vocal tracking on "Tomorrow Never Knows" is the stuff of legend at this point. Lennon wanted to sound like the Dalai Lama shouting from a mountaintop. Engineer Geoff Emerick was initially stumped about how to do that, until they looked at a large wooden box with two sets of revolving speakers, called a Leslie, which until that time had only been used on organs.
After some wiring was redone to repurpose the Leslie for a vocal, Lennon tried it on a take of "Tomorrow Never Knows" and loved it immediately. In the song's final release, the Leslie effect was used starting at the line "Love is all and love is everyone."
Upon hearing the playback of their affected vocal, Lennon was supposedly so inspired that they asked Emerick to hang them from a rope in the middle of the ceiling, give them a push, and let them sing as they circled around a microphone. Emerick would continue to tell Lennon that the idea was being "looked into."
Brittany Howard Howls into Headphones
For Alabama Shakes' hit 2015 album Sound & Color, Brittany Howard and engineer Shawn Everett at times approached getting their vocal sound almost like they would approach getting a guitar tone.
To capture the soaring howl of the song "Gimme All Your Love," according to an interview in Sound On Sound, Howard strapped a reverse-wired pair of headphones over their mouth. (Any reverse-wired speaker will act as a large-diaphragm dynamic microphone.) This method required some heavy post-production to get the vocal to not, as Everett puts it, "rip your ears off," but it accomplished the sound that Howard wanted.
The experimentation didn't stop there. When Howard wanted a dampened sound, they would stuff cotton wool in their mouth or use an over-the-counter anesthetic to numb their lips and tongue. They also experimented singing through a Yamaha Subkick.
Everett recalls that Howard found that they liked to sing in the control room in front of monitor speakers. When they did this, it was often with a handheld mic she'd bought on eBay. The two used this method of tracking to their advantage to get the muted tonality of the song "Guess Who."
Dan Auerbach Lets It Bleed
Many of us have heard that a large diaphragm condenser mic is the best tool to get a high-fidelity recording of a vocal. Time and time again we also hear that, in a technical sense, the best way to get a great sound is to isolate, isolate, isolate. I've heard it said that even a bit of headphone bleed has a very negative effect on a track's fidelity.
It's safe to say that Dan Auerbach (The Black Keys, The Arcs, Blakroc, and more) would disagree with all those statements. They prefer to track in front of monitor speakers when he's singing and even when he's producing other artists. Auerbach, who's fond of the term "controlled bleed," says that most of their favorite records had at least a little of it, from either the playback or from the live band creeping into the vocal mic.
Auerbach also prefers to use dynamic mics on their vocals. On the The Black Keys' album El Camino for instance, they got heavy use out of a Shure SM58. Not surprisingly, this is a dynamic mic that has excellent off-axis rejection (meaning it only captures what is directly in front of it). A mic like this would certainly help control the bleed from their monitors.
When Auerbach finds themselves in need of a bit more detail on their voice, he'll reach for a small diaphragm condenser mic rather than the conventional large diaphragm. They used a Neumann KM184 heavily on the album Brothers.
Thom Yorke Sings Backward, In Reverse
During sessions for the album that would become Amnesiac, Radiohead was struggling to find the right vibe for a song called "I Will." A breakthrough happened when someone reversed playback of the song in the studio. Yorke and company thought the reversed song sounded terrific.
Around that time, Colin Greenwood had been listening to a BBC Radio 4 program that featured an English composer who had written an interesting piece of music for a singer. In the composition, all the phrasing was backward but intended to be sung forward.
The band connected with these ideas for their song "Like Spinning Plates." Yorke spent all night learning how to sing, backwards, a large section of what used to be "I Will."
The intention was to reverse the backward singing so that that lyric would be heard forward in the final cut. The result is an eerie, disjointed sounding lyric before the chorus releases into the more conventionally sung "And this just feels like spinning plates."
"I Will," the song that "Like Spinning Plates" was born from, would end up appearing on the band's next record.
Prince Stays Seated at their Throne
Sometimes just getting the job done in a convenient way is the key to a great vocal. Running back and forth from the control room to the live room can be exhausting—even inspiration-sapping—if you're performing and manning the board at the same time.
In an interview with Reverb, Chuck Zwicky, engineer at Prince's Paisley Park from '87 through '89, said that Prince's approach to recording vocals was unique.
According to Zwicky, Prince "always had a mic on a boom stand over the console for vocals. He'd grab that mic—with the console and the tape machine remote in front of him—and cut all the vocals from the engineer's chair. Every vocal you've ever heard on every Prince record was cut sitting in a chair at the console. It was just part of their workflow. All that dynamic range and all that focus—how many vocalists run back and forth between the studio and control room to readjust something? It just drains the attention of the artist."
Iggy Pop Brings On-Stage Antics into the Studio
Confident after a year of touring, the Stooges went into the studio to record their album Fun House. Because of the long tour, they were as tight a band as they ever had been, and they wanted to take advantage of that on the recording.
They set up in the studio like they would have set up on stage. Iggy Pop, thrashing around like they would have in a live performance, tracked their vocals with a handheld mic while monitoring from PA wedges. There was no pop screen.
There is some uncertainty from the band whether or not an Electro-Voice Eliminator-style PA cabinet was mic'ed in the room to gain some extra distortion. But according to producer Don Gallucci, the distorted vocal on the record was the result of Iggy overdriving the mic with sound pressure and occasionally slamming a limiter that was in the chain.
This, coupled with all the bleed going on from the band and the PA (only Ron Asheton wanted to wear headphones), gave the vocals and album as a whole a savage sound, especially for the time.
Bjork Tracks Vocals First
Most people who track vocals during the arranging and composition process will lay down a guitar or piano track first, then overdub vocals over that. It's probably not surprising that Bjork is unlike most people.
They use different methods for working on different albums, but many of those methods are born from a vocal-centric process. Instead of a chord sequence inspiring their melodies, as is the case for many songwriters, she'll often pluck them out of the air when she's hiking or moving about in the world.
For the album Vulnicura their preferred method of recording was to finish the melody and lyrics for a song first. She'd decide on a shape and mood for the song as a whole, then immediately track, comp, and edit their vocal in Pro Tools. They worked on arranging the other instruments in the song outwardly from there.
Around the time they released the album, they had also begun using Melodyne, a timbre-, pitch-, and time-shifting software, as a tool to arrange strings. This allowed them to build the string arrangements around their voice before transferring them to the string players.
Maynard James Keenan Goes for a Run
Engineer Sylvia Massy is not afraid to be blunt. When recalling sessions for Tool's 1993 release Undertow they said, "I was looking for the sound of a Neumann U 67 on Maynard James Keenan's voice, but because the little troll squats and shouts into the floor when they sing, it was difficult to suspend a Neumann U 67 in the right position for a vocal take."
They had seen the band play in local clubs and knew that Keenan wasn't delivering the same energy in the studio as they did live. They tried handheld dynamic mics, but even though Keenan was immediately more comfortable with them, the mics sounded too dull.
Massy and Keenan settled on an AKG C 1000 small diaphragm condensers, wrapped in foam and duct tape to reduce handling noise. The condenser gave a little more sparkle than the dynamic mics and became the go-to mic on the sessions.
In addition to making Keenan more comfortable in the recording process, Massy also made them uncomfortable. When their screams weren't coming through as well as they had been in rehearsal, they made them run around the block five times. According to Massy, they were furious about it, but it made their delivery of those screams come through on the takes.
Julianna Barwick Finds Natural Reverb in Unnatural Places
While they may not be as well-known as others on this list (or at least not yet), we thought Julianna Barwick's attempts at creating new sonic textures from the world's oldest instrument deserved mention.
As a kid, Barwick enjoyed singing in places with natural reverb. For fun, they sought the natural sound of stairwells and church auditoriums. They often sang in a public restroom in Tulsa (stopping when people came in) and in a stairwell at Hunter College. This habit came to serve them well during the recording of their 2016 album Will.
During the time they worked on the album, Barwick would walk every day through the streets of Lisbon to a grocery store near the studio. They would often improvise a melody while walking under an underpass, the natural reverb carrying across the muted street sounds.
They loved the sound of the underpass so much that they recorded a vocal melody there one day and brought it back to the studio. They built around that recording to finish what would become the song "St. Apolonia."
Version 1.2.2c
Standardised the art used for Flameblast by Rogue Exiles and Beyond Demons. This is now different to all player versions.
Fixed a bug where large numbers of Ball Lightning projectiles in instances could disconnect or lag players.
Master-crafted Mods are now marked on the website as being master-crafted.
Fixed a bug introduced in 1.2.0 where Draconarius Wilhelm Flamebrand in the Merciless Dominus encounter and Oriath's Vengance in the Courtyard end-game Map were incorrectly using lightning strike.
Posted by Qarl
on Grinding Gear Games on
Awesome, nice bug fixes Last edited by UniqueFarm3 on Sep 16, 2014, 2:54:48 AM Posted by UniqueFarm3
on on Quote this Post
hype! Last edited by Ironxbow on Sep 16, 2014, 2:54:33 AM Posted by Ironxbow
on on Quote this Post
" Qarl Version 1.2.2c
Standardised the art used for Flameblast by Rogue Exiles and Beyond Demons. This is now different to all player versions. [/li]
THANK GOD. THANK GOD. Last edited by MxZeal1 on Sep 16, 2014, 2:55:39 AM Posted by MxZeal1
on on Quote this Post
LOL I thought that LS was weird
Nearly 1 hits me T_T IGN: I_NO
Supreme Ruler of the Walrus Clan
- ''Wtf get back online daughter''
- ''Hold on need to log in to poe so I can be cool''
- ''What the fuck'' Posted by I_NO
on on Quote this Post
Any time that you are away from your computer, it's a good idea to lock the screen. This provides a level of privacy and security to the Mac that is very easy to use and implement and it should be considered a must-use trick, particularly for anyone working in public spaces, offices, schools, or anywhere else that there is potential of an outside party accessing the computer. The fastest way to lock the screen of any Mac OS X computer is to use a simple keyboard shortcut.
We'll walk through exactly how to set up the lock screen feature and show you the keystrokes to use to instantly lock the Mac, thereby requiring a password to be entered before the machine can be used again.
Enable the Lock Screen in Mac OS X
To use the lock screen keyboard shortcuts you first must enable the lock screen ability in Mac OS X. With this enabled, you can then lock down the Mac instantly and require a password for it to be usable again. Here's how to enable the lock screen in Mac OS X:
Launch System Preferences, found in the  Apple menu Click on “Security & Privacy” and look under the “General” tab Click the checkbox next to “Require password after sleep or screen saver begins” – from the drop down menu select either “immediately” or “5 seconds” as the time interval to require the password Exit out of System Preferences
This password locking setting exists on all versions of Mac OS X:
You can easily confirm the setting is now functioning by hitting the locking keystrokes for your Mac model, which will make the screen go black instantaneously.
Lock a Mac Screen with Keystrokes
Now that Mac OS X screen locking is enabled, you can lock down the screen with a few simple keyboard shortcuts:
Control+Shift+Eject is the keystroke for Macs with an Eject key, and for external keyboards
is the keystroke for Macs with an Eject key, and for external keyboards Control+Shift+Power is the keystroke for Macs without the eject key, like the MacBook Air and MacBook Pro Retina
is the keystroke for Macs without the eject key, like the MacBook Air and MacBook Pro Retina Control+Command+Q is the default Lock Screen keystroke on Mac with the latest macOS versions installed, this is new to macOS Mojave, High Sierra, and later
Hit the appropriate key combination for your Mac model and the Macs screen will instantly go dark, thereby locking it and requiring a user to enter a password before the computer can be accessed again.
The lock screen on a Mac will look something like the images below, with an image of the user account avatar and a password field, as well as a few other simple options. Authentication must be valid to proceed beyond the lock screen, which can be through a password, Touch ID, Apple Watch, or other authentication method if the Mac supports it:
Here is what the Mac OS X lock screen looks like in earlier versions of system software:
If you chose the immediate option in Security preferences, then you will need to enter the user password before being able to use the Mac again, the option to wait 5 seconds gives you a few seconds of allowance before requiring the password, which may be more desirable in some situations. You'll probably have noticed that other choices are available in the timing, but realistically anything higher than a minute starts to lose it's security benefits, thus the shorter times are most desirable for optimal security and privacy purposes.
The Mac OS X lock screen is the same as what you see when you wake a Mac from sleep or a screensaver when this feature is enabled, so remember that if you use a screensaver that auto-activates or sleep your Mac regularly, you'll also be entering your password when it is woken.
Locking the Screen through Hot Corners
You can also lock down the screen of Mac OS X by using Hot Corners, which lets you drag the mouse cursor into a corner of the screen and initiate either the screen saver, or, much like the keystrokes above, turn the display black. Either will require a password to unlock the Mac and use it again. Setting up Hot Corners for this purpose is really easy, just be sure to have already enabled the “Require password” setting that we mentioned above:
‘
In System Preferences, go to “Mission Control” and click the “Hot Corners” button in the lower corner
Choose the hot corner you wish to associate with the locking feature (lower right is my preference) and then choose “Put display to sleep” or “Start Screen Saver” – either method will require password entry to regain access
Now you can test this out by dragging the cursor into the hot corner you just set. The display sleep method turns the screen black, while the other begins whatever screen saver is set. Assuming you set “Immediately” as the initial password requirement, any motion of the mouse will summon the login screen and require proper login credentials to unlock the Mac again.
Remember: Always Lock the Mac when Away
It doesn't matter which method you use to actually lock down the screen, just make it a habit. This is highly recommended to enable on any Mac, but particularly for those in offices, schools, public places, and any other environment where you may have sensitive data on your machine that you want to keep from prying eyes. Another very worthwhile endeavor is to add a login message to Mac OS X, which can include things like identifying information of the Mac, or better yet, ownership details like a name, email address, or phone number.
Note: This feature exists in all versions of macOS and Mac OS X, including macOS Mojave, High Sierra, Sierra, El Capitan, Yosemite, OS X Mavericks, Mountain Lion, Lion, Snow Leopard, and prior as well as newer versions too. The verbiage is slightly different in earlier versions of Mac OS X, but the setting works the same. Here is what you'll find in the same settings for Snow Leopard, for example:
Nonetheless, the setting and keyboard shortcuts are the same regardless of the version of Mac OS X, and the Hot Corner will work as well universally.
Remember the password otherwise you will not be able to easily access the computer. If you do wind up in a situation and happen to forget your Mac password, you can reset it through a few different methods.
Failing septic systems produce disease outbreaks, algae blooms, and ecosystem damage.
By Brett Walton, Circle of Blue
There are 123 million households in the United States. Nearly one-fifth of them — some 21.5 million — do not flush toilet waste to a public sewer. They use septic systems — small underground tanks that provide basic treatment at relatively low cost for areas without sewers.
Countless more businesses, churches, and community centers employ the same means of waste disposal.
And while properly maintained systems operate just fine, the other side of this waste management practice is less benign. Because of neglect, age, or ignorance of hydrological conditions, failing septic systems, entirely hidden from public view, are producing a public health and ecological mess. Oversight and enforcement of operational requirements to keep septic systems from leaking raw wastes onto the land or into ground and surface water supplies is weak across much of outer suburban and rural America where most systems are installed.
What Is a Septic System? Conventional septic systems have two parts: a tank and a drain field. The tank, which should be pumped out every three to five years, collects the toilet waste as well as the water flushed down sinks and shower drains. Solids settle to the bottom of the tank while the wastewater flows through perforated pipes into the nearby soil, called the drain field, where naturally occurring bacteria break down the suspended waste as the water percolates toward streams or enters the groundwater table. Advanced treatment options, such as aerators, denitrification units, and specialized soil filters, remove more nitrogen than the basic model.
Problems come from all directions. Hormones and pharmaceutical compounds, for instance, were found in the groundwater near septic systems on Fire Island, New York, and in New England, according to a January 2015 study from U.S. Geological Survey researchers.
Researchers with the Baylor College of Medicine are discovering a resurgence of parasitic diseases in rural Alabama because of poor sanitation and septic system failure. They will present their findings at the American Society of Tropical Medicine and Hygiene annual conference, from October 25 to 29.
In Ohio, the state health department estimates that nearly one out of every three septic systems is failing.
Just how dangerous faulty septic systems can become was illustrated eight years ago at the Log Den, a steak-and-seafood restaurant on Wisconsin's pastoral Door Peninsula. On June 1, 2007, three weeks after it opened, the Log Den unexpectedly closed. Two hundred eleven patrons and 18 staff members fell ill with norovirus, a stomach ailment that causes vomiting and diarrhea. The viral outbreak, in which six people required hospital treatment, was not due to the restaurant's food. It was the water.
Though properly permitted, the restaurant's septic system failed. Toilet wastes leaked into the ground, coursed through fissures in the soil and rock, and reached the limestone aquifer that supplied the restaurant's water well. The foul waste mixed with fresh water used for drinking, ice-making, and lettuce-washing. The Log Den, in an inadvertent error unknown to its owner, had poisoned its own well.
Research Findings by Circle of Blue
An investigation by Circle of Blue found numerous other instances of septic systems that put homeowners and communities at risk. From New England to the Deep South and particularly in poor regions or areas with a dense clustering of septic systems near rivers or lakes, treating wastes with underground tanks and drain fields is emerging as another ruinous, and largely unaddressed, national water pollution challenge:
Degraded bays, rivers, and lakes. Nationally, some 28,821 miles of streams are designated as “threatened or impaired” by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency because of septic systems and pits of sewage waste — nearly equal to the number of stream-miles dirtied by municipal wastewater treatment plants and sewer overflows. Certain regions are severely affected. Sixty-nine percent of the nitrogen pollution in Long Island's Great South Bay is from septic systems. One million people in Suffolk County, on the island's east end, use septic systems. Because of nitrogen-fueled algae blooms, Great South Bay's shellfish industry has collapsed, its eelgrass beds are nearly dead, and its storm-buffering salt marshes are dying.
Nationally, some 28,821 miles of streams are designated as “threatened or impaired” by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency because of septic systems and pits of sewage waste — nearly equal to the number of stream-miles dirtied by municipal wastewater treatment plants and sewer overflows. Certain regions are severely affected. Sixty-nine percent of the nitrogen pollution in Long Island's Great South Bay is from septic systems. One million people in Suffolk County, on the island's east end, use septic systems. Because of nitrogen-fueled algae blooms, Great South Bay's shellfish industry has collapsed, its eelgrass beds are nearly dead, and its storm-buffering salt marshes are dying. Parasitic diseases flaring up in the South. Poor counties in Alabama are seeing a resurgence of hookworm and other tropical diseases because of inadequate sanitation, which includes shoddy septic systems and toilet waste that is dumped into ditches, ponds, and ravines. By some estimates, half of the septic systems in Lowndes County, Alabama are broken. Researchers are just beginning to assess the problem of disease transmission and do not yet know infection rates.
Poor counties in Alabama are seeing a resurgence of hookworm and other tropical diseases because of inadequate sanitation, which includes shoddy septic systems and toilet waste that is dumped into ditches, ponds, and ravines. By some estimates, half of the septic systems in Lowndes County, Alabama are broken. Researchers are just beginning to assess the problem of disease transmission and do not yet know infection rates. Insufficient data collection. The U.S. Census Bureau stopped collecting county-level data on septic systems in 1990 because no federal program regulates septic systems. National data is gathered every two years through the American Housing Survey, which uses a much smaller sample size. A few states, like Georgia, have initiated septic mapping programs to pinpoint areas of concern. Likewise, there is very little reliable data on how many septic systems are failing. The numbers could be huge. The Ohio Department of Health, for example, estimates that 31 percent of septic systems in the state are not working properly.
The U.S. Census Bureau stopped collecting county-level data on septic systems in 1990 because no federal program regulates septic systems. National data is gathered every two years through the American Housing Survey, which uses a much smaller sample size. A few states, like Georgia, have initiated septic mapping programs to pinpoint areas of concern. Likewise, there is very little reliable data on how many septic systems are failing. The numbers could be huge. The Ohio Department of Health, for example, estimates that 31 percent of septic systems in the state are not working properly. A hodgepodge of regulations. There are no federal regulations for septic systems. States set standards, often quite strict, for system design and installation that are supposed to be enforced by counties. Counties or towns in vulnerable or high-density areas sometimes set tougher standards. Maryland, for instance, requires nitrogen-removal technology on new buildings sited in ecologically sensitive areas or when old septic systems are replaced. Twenty-four other states have nitrogen regulations for septic. Most problems, however, begin after installation, as was the case with the Log Den restaurant.
There are no federal regulations for septic systems. States set standards, often quite strict, for system design and installation that are supposed to be enforced by counties. Counties or towns in vulnerable or high-density areas sometimes set tougher standards. Maryland, for instance, requires nitrogen-removal technology on new buildings sited in ecologically sensitive areas or when old septic systems are replaced. Twenty-four other states have nitrogen regulations for septic. Most problems, however, begin after installation, as was the case with the Log Den restaurant. Irregular inspections. Many states do not require inspections after a system is put in the ground. Maintenance is the homeowner's responsibility. Some states, such as Georgia, do not require homeowners or real estate agents to disclose that a house is on septic when it is sold, unless there is known damage to the system. Home buyers have to know to ask. Not knowing that a home is on septic means that system maintenance will not be done until the system fails.
Many states do not require inspections after a system is put in the ground. Maintenance is the homeowner's responsibility. Some states, such as Georgia, do not require homeowners or real estate agents to disclose that a house is on septic when it is sold, unless there is known damage to the system. Home buyers have to know to ask. Not knowing that a home is on septic means that system maintenance will not be done until the system fails. Research that is playing catch up. While there is ample research into septic system design, much less is known about the environmental and health effects of failing septic systems. Three topics are of special concern, according to researchers: 1) tracing the source of pathogens and the cause of disease outbreaks to septic problems, 2) learning more about the role that pharmaceuticals from septic systems play in water contamination, and 3) assessing how climatic changes — freeze-thaw cycles or intense rainstorms — affect the performance of septic systems.
Added up, failing septic systems and the threats they cause are a newly recognized and serious feature of the nation's unaddressed water pollution problem. The United States already contends with the geriatric condition of America's water infrastructure. The American Society of Civil Engineers gave the country's water supply and waste treatment systems a D grade in 2013. The average age of a Baltimore water main, to cite one example, is 75 years. Last week, Sen. Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio) proposed $US 1.8 billion in federal money over five years to help poor communities replace old sewer systems. Farm runoff, the country's biggest source of water pollution, is now the target of Clean Water Act lawsuits. Polluted stormwater draining from cities and suburbs is a third unaddressed source of water pollution.
Botanic Avenue is fucking amazing. I know it. You know it. The culchies from the Holylands who travel here to fill up their Boojum cards know it.
Botanic Avenue is quite literally the best place to live if you're studying in Belfast – far enough away from the Holylands that you can sleep when you need to but close enough that you can party. Food, drink, things to do – Bot has it all.
Ever stumbled drunkenly to your home on Botanic at night and noticed there are both a pizza company and a chip company round the corner from you? Both of them serve until two o'clock in the morning too. If you're not a Botanic resident, you were undoubtably there earlier in the day and willingly stood in the queue longer than the Fly in Freshers' week – and you probably picked up a Boojum for your troubles.
But the fast food joints aren't the only places that make Botanic beaut. If you're feeling like a hipster you could go for a proper meal in Maggie Mays, or order the exact same food at a slightly lower quality in Ruby's next door.
If you're feeling exotic, you could sneak up to the Moghul – one of the best Indians in Belfast city. But prepare to take a chunk out of your student loan. It's no Happy Meal. If you feeling like something exotic at a much cheaper price, try Falafel. It's better than a Boojum, trust me.
“After all that feeding, what can I do next?” I hear you ask. Watering of course, and Botanic has lots of it.
Head to the Empire for a pint or a bourbon, or a pint of bourbon and a coke if you have five fifty. Here you can watch everything from comedy to music. You can take a date to Rab McCullough's legendary blues night on a Thursday and they can tell you how it's funny because their dad likes this sort of music (true story). On a Monday night they run a pub quiz, be warned though, it's the same team who win it every single week. Cheating bastards.
And if you get bored of the old fashioned cool of Empire, head to Madison's during happy hour for cocktails cheaper than a large chip at Chip Co. The cocktails are three pound and delicious. There's everything from tasty and girly, to disgusting yet manly, so you're spoiled for choice. And there's always Molly's Yard if you feel like pretending you don't study at Queen's.
One of the best parts about Botanic is how ridiculously close to Queen's it is. You can leave for lectures at 10.01 and make it there before the lecturer is done giving out handouts. The route from Botanic to Queen's allows you to pass the poor souls waiting for the uni link bus. Imagine having to get up early for your class to sit in an hour of traffic and after the long journey the only reward you get is that you're in Jordanstown. It doesn't bear thinking about.
What about Botanic Gardens? It's in Botanic, isn't it?
Of course Botanic's in Botanic, you already knew that you cheeky bastard. The Gardens aren't bad considering they're a stones throw away from the ‘lands. Day drinking in Botanic Gardens is a rite of passage usually the result of one of two scenarios: “Yay lectures are over” or “I have completely fucked my exams and may have to go UUJ”.
Botanic has it all, I dare you to say otherwise.
Abortion rights activists hold signs on the steps of the Missouri Capitol on Sept. 10 in Jefferson City, Mo. (AP Photo/Jeff Roberson)
“As an adherent to the principles of the Satanic Temple,” begins a letter that one Missouri woman plans to hand to their health-care provider, “my sincerely held religious beliefs are…I, and I alone, decide whether my inviolable body remains pregnant.”
The Satanic Temple has become known for, among other things, erecting Satanist Christmas displays in several municipalities to make a point about religious speech on public land. But last week, a local Missouri chapter of the group announced that one of their members was about to test a proposal made shortly after the Supreme Court's Hobby Lobby decision. As a religion, the Satanic Temple argues, its adherents could claim that state laws restricting access to abortions are undue burdens on their religious beliefs.
[Satanic Temple sues Indiana county over courthouse Nativity scene]
In Missouri, women seeking an abortion at the one open abortion-providing clinic in the state have to make two trips to the clinic, 72 hours apart: The first is to receive counseling that “includes information designed to discourage them from having an abortion,” the Guttmacher Institute says, and the second after the required waiting period is for the procedure.
The Satanic Temple says that the restriction places an undue burden of one Missouri member, identified by the group only under the pseudonym of “Mary.” Late last week, the national group and the local Missouri chapter of the Temple were raising funds for potential legal costs, as well as meals, transportation and day-care costs for “Mary's” child, according to a video posted by St. Louis Satanic Temple head Damien Ba'al.
The Riverfront Times spoke to “Mary,” who did not use their real name in the interview. She's a 22-year-old mechanic who lives four hours away from the state's Planned Parenthood clinic in St. Louis:
“I personally would have liked to have the procedure done as soon as possible,” says Mary, who's nearly 12 weeks pregnant. “But with all the difficulties, how hard it is done this, it's been put off for several weeks. If you're right on the edge of the state you've got to go 500 miles just to get to St. Louis, and you have to make arrangements.”
Like many of the Satanic Temple's campaigns, the news certainly grabbed a lot of attention after the Friendly Atheist blog flagged the story last week.
But could the argument stand in a court of law?
“I think it's possible in theory for someone to raise a religious conscience argument for having an abortion,” Thomas Berg, a professor of law at the University of St. Thomas in Minnesota, said in an interview with The Washington Post on Friday, “but it's unlikely to matter much legally.”
According to Berg, an expert on Religious Freedom Restoration Act-style laws, the Satanic Temple's proposal essentially relies on the same question one would ask to determine whether the 72-hour waiting period violates the earlier decisions at the Supreme Court: Does the law impose a substantial burden on the individual seeking an abortion?
“If 72 hours is a substantial burden on religious conscience, it's also a substantial burden under the privacy decisions.” Berg added, noting that any court considering such a challenge would likely rely on the privacy protections outlined in Roe and Casey (major Supreme court cases that upheld abortion rights) because they're more established.
[How religious freedom laws were praised, then hated, then forgotten, then, finally, resurrected]
This isn't the first time the idea of a religious right to an abortion has come up. Abortion came up in the early 1990s, as Congress was considering RFRA, the Religious Freedom Restoration Act that has more recently come under scrutiny in the context of gay rights.
The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops and the National Right to Life Committee both opposed earlier forms of the RFRA measure out of concern that it would also enshrine a religious right to an abortion, especially if existing protections for the procedure were overturned in the courts.
“They were worried courts would find a right to abortion under RFRA,” Berg said.
The debate held up the bill for years, Berg said. But the argument became less of a concern after the supreme court's Planned Parenthood of Southeastern Pennsylvania v. Casey decision. The debate went away in 1992 after the Supreme Court upheld the constitutional right to have an abortion after considering constitutionality of abortion regulations in Pennsylvania.
Want more religion coverage? Follow Acts of Faith on Twitter or sign up for our newsletter.
The Church of Satan wants you to stop calling these ‘devil worshiping' alleged murderers Satanists
The Florida capitol's holiday display will include a festive message from the Satanic Temple
The First Church of Cannabis was approved after Indiana's religious freedom law was passed
Whistleblower Chelsea Manning has been released, after enduring seven years of imprisonment and torture. John Pilger, their legal team and activists tell RT what Manning's release means to them, and the journey it took to get here.
May 17 doesn't just signal freedom for Manning, it's a date that many who have supported and fought for the whistleblower have been anticipating for a long time.
“I think I screamed with excitement into the phone and then I ran to tell my co-counsel, Vince Ward,” Manning's lawyer Nancy Hollander said, recalling the moment they first heard Manning was to be released. “We hugged and I cried. I was so happy.”
“I was so pleased for Chelsea - of course - and in awe at Obama's cynicism in presenting it as a humanitarian gesture,” award-winning investigative journalist John Pilger told RT.
“It was fantastic news and very special for me,” Kristinn Hrafnsson, an Icelandic journalist who worked with WikiLeaks on Manning's leaks told RT. “It has been very hard to see them suffer under these conditions.  They are one of the most important people in modern times, in my opinion.”
Lauri Love, who is at risk of extradition to the US for their alleged involvement in online protests over the death of hacker and activist Aaron Swartz, told RT their reaction to Manning's release was one of “ecstatic jubilation - tempered by the apprehension that this act of clemency was an exceptional gesture,” rather than a “vitally necessary reversal of the US government's policy of total war on whistleblowers.”
Activist suing the NCA and fighting US extradition awaits landmark ruling https://t.co/WnNQRDXa1Hpic.twitter.com/H57hrHnH5x — RT UK (@RTUKnews) May 10, 2016
Manning intends to live in Maryland, the place where, in a Barnes & Noble in 2010, they began to send some of the “more significant documents of our time,” to WikiLeaks. They brought the information with them all the way from Baghdad, where they worked as an army intelligence analyst.
On April 5, the infamous ‘Collateral Murder' video was posted by WikiLeaks, which showed the US military killing two Reuters journalists, as well as a man attempting to rescue one of the victims. Two of the man's children were also injured.
“Manning can be extremely proud to have given these two children a little bit of justice through getting the truth out about how their father was murdered by the US military.” Hrafnsson said.
‘Collateral Murder' video leaked by Chelsea Manning shows an aerial attack by US Apache helicopters in East Baghdad https://t.co/hPEC4Jq1yy — RT America (@RT_America) May 17, 2017
By May 2010, Manning had been arrested, after being turned in by hacker Adrian Lamo, to whom Manning confessed in what they thought was a confidential web chat.
That October, WikiLeaks began publishing almost 400,000 classified military documents from the Iraq War, detailing civilian casualties and Iraqi police and army abuses. In November, it started publishing a massive trove of State Department cables dating back to 1996. In April 2011, WikiLeaks released details of al-Qaeda operatives in Guantanamo Bay. In September that year, it published even more US diplomatic cables.
According to Pilger, the most significant findings revealed by Manning were “the pervasive homicidal violence detailed in the US military's 'after action reports'; the lying at all levels; and the clear evidence that the great majority of prisoners at Guantanamo Bay had no real roles in so-called terrorism, and their kidnapping was a high crime.”
Read more
Love recalls feeling “thankful that WikiLeaks through the courageous alleged actions of Chelsea Manning was able to expose serious criminal wrongdoing in the US military and shed light on the realpolitik exposed by the diplomatic cables.”
After being held in solitary confinement in Kuwait and Quantico, Manning was transferred to a military prison in Kansas in April 2011, where they endured further punishment. In July 2013, Manning was convicted of 17 of the 22 charges brought against her, and was sentenced to 35 years in prison.
According to Hrafnsson, Manning's “ridiculous sentence” reflected “the worry of the administration.”
In March 2012, the United Nations Special Rapporteur on Torture Juan Mendez ruled that the U.S. government's treatment of Manning was cruel, inhuman, and degrading.
In 2016, Manning attempted suicide twice. The second attempt was as a result of being punished with solitary confinement for their first suicide attempt.
“I was distressed and worried about her,” Hollander said. “I provided as much support as I could to them to help them through this hard time."
“I believe that prison leaves some scars and Chelsea will have to work through them,” they added.
Manning's legal team, activists and organizations like the Courage Foundation and the Freedom of the Press Foundation worked tirelessly to support and fight for Manning.
“The Courage Foundation has campaigned vigorously for Chelsea's release, as it does for other courageous whistleblowers,” Pilger said. “What Chelsea endured awaits another Courage beneficiary, Julian Assange, should they step outside the Ecuadorean embassy in London.”
“We desperately need the likes of the Courage Foundation and all other organizations providing support and advocacy to those who find themselves targeted by the state for acts of conscience and public service,” Love said.
In January 2017, Obama announced they would commute Manning's sentence. To Manning's supporters though, the gesture was too little, too late.
“Under Obama, Chelsea was made so desperate by their torture at the hands of a sadistic military regime clearly undeterred by the possibility of intervention by the Executive that they tried to take their own life,” Pilger said. “Obama could have stopped this medievalism; they didn't.”
“Obama is currently pursuing a hugely lucrative PR design of themselves as a 'civilised' President of the United States,” they added. “He was anything but; every Tuesday it was they who selected the names of those to be murdered by their drone terror campaign, resulting in crimes similar to those Chelsea revealed.”
“Chelsea's freedom will be qualified. They must remain in the US military,” Pilger said, adding that, as they are still subject to the Uniform Code of Military Justice, it's “intimidation not to speak out.”
Manning's harsh treatment hasn't stopped other whistleblowers, like Edward Snowden, coming forward.
“There are still courageous people driven by a sense of justice who feel it is important to do the right thing despite possible consequences which we have seen in recent years,” Hrafnsson said. “I am absolutely certain that we think we will see more of these leaks that will be a service to the general public.”
Windows 3.1x Drivers Home | German page
DVD
Pioneer Device Driver Download
MS-DOS/Windows 3.1x DVD-ROM Treiber (ATAPI/SCSI)
Panasonic PC DOS and MS-DOS DVD Device Driver
(also supports Windows 3.1 / Windows For Workgroups 3.11)
Drives to be supported: (ATAPI Interface DVD-ROM)
SR-8581 (1x speed, tray loading type DVD-ROM)
SR-8582 (2x speed, tray loading type DVD-ROM)
Firewire
DAToptic Firewire Driver (669K)
This Win32 executable creates a DOS bootdisk for Windows9x and NT.
For DOS16 (i.e. MS-DOS up to v. 6.22) you'll find all necessary files in the following archive: FIREWIRE.ZIP (39K).
Graphics/Video
Generic SVGA Drivers (94 K)
taken from WfW 3.11. Will sometimes work with newer VGA cards.
ATI
w31-3098.exe (1.26 M) for
ALL IN WONDER
3D PRO TURBO & 3D PRO TURBO PC2TV
3D XPRESSION+ & 3D XPRESSION+ PC2TV
3D CHARGER
VIDEO XPRESSION+ & VIDEO XPRESSION
VIDEO CHARGER
and all other cards with 3D RAGE I, VT 3D RAGE II+ or 3D RAGE II chip set
64w31303.exe (1.26 M) for
GRAPHICS PRO TURBO & GRAPHICS PRO TURBO 1600
GRAPHICS XPRESSION
WINTURBO
WINBOOST & WINCHARGER
and all other cards with mach64 GX or CT chip set
CARDEX
drgw31.exe (638 K) for Genesis GX2/AGP
CIRRUS Logic
cl54462.zip (1.11 M) for CL-GD 5446 (drivers for Windows 3.1x (Workgroups) and NT 3.51).
k546xd4.zip (1.1 M) for CL GD 5462 und 5464
5465w31.zip (2.6 M) for CL GD 5465
Dataexpert
5357wn.exe (1.27 M) for Expert Color DSV5357
DIAMOND
vxw31103.exe (995 K) for Stealth 3D 3000
w3xv33_1.exe (725 K) for Viper V330
ELSA
v3dx_w31.exe (965 K) for Victory 3DX
GENOA Systems
8375w31.zip (544 K) for Phantom 3D/DX Model 8375
764w3127.zip (872 K) for Phantom 64 G2001 Model 8764
8868_v16.zip (879 K) for Phantom 64 V2000 Model 8868
765w3116.zip (872 K) for Phantom 64 V2001 Model 8765
Hercules
w3120018.zip (609 K) for Terminator 128/3d "GLH"
Matrox
w31_161.exe (2 M) for Millennium and Mystique
Matrox Graphics Win 3.1x drivers - more drivers for Windows 3.1x.
NVidia
tnt5w311.zip (660 K) for RIVA 128/TNT/TNT2 AGP/PCI v1.55
r128w311.zip (665 K) for RIVA 128/128ZX PCI series v1.27
S3
w3110505.zip (544 K) for ViRGE (325)
61022w31.zip (572 K) for Savage 2000 (for e.g. Diamond Viper II)
TSENG Labs
w31et6.zip (638 K) for ET6000
Mouse Drivers
Genius
newscrol.exe (1.17 M) for Newscroll and Newscroll wireless v. 1.16
nsp31w31.exe (653 K) for Netscroll and Netscroll+ Wheelmouse v. 1.17
USB
Cypress Semiconductor DOS USB Stack driver
The driver supports the following devices:
USB ZIP drives
USB Hard disk
USB Super Floppy/HiFD drives
USB CD-ROM
USB MO drives
Various drivers/External Links
Microhouse Windows 32Bit Hard Disk driver for drives larger than 540M
Various Drivers for DOS and Win 3.1x at oldos.org
S3 Legacy Driver Page
BELGRADE (Reuters) - Serbia's prime minister accused European Union's officials late on Saturday of orchestrating a campaign against the government after a regional news organization published a critical article about the reconstruction of a key coal mine.
Serbia's Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic stands under pictures of Jews killed in the Holocaust during their visit to the Hall of Names at Yad Vashem's Holocaust History Museum in Jerusalem December 1, 2014. REUTERS/Ammar Awad
The dispute came after Sarajevo-based Balkan Investigative Reporting Network (BIRN) reported earlier in the week that the state-owned power monopoly Elektroprivreda Srbije (EPS) hired an inexperienced local consortium to work on the reconstruction of the Tamnava coal mine, increasing costs.
Fifty one people died in floods in Serbia last May that inflicted damages of more than 1.5 billion euros, including flooding of the Tamnava mine which is supplying coal to TENT power plant complex that accounts for half of country's energy generation.
At a news conference earlier on Saturday, Prime Minister Aleksandar Vucic accused the EU and Michael Davenport, the head of EU mission to Serbia, of financing media organizations, including BIRN, to slander the government.
In a statement, Maja Kocijancic, a European Commission spokesperson said they were surprised by Vucic's claims. “Media criticism is essential to ensure the proper accountability of elected governments,” they said.
Kocijancic also said that the EU expected that the Serbian authorities would secure an environment that would support freedom of expression and media.
Last June, Vucic also clashed with the Organisation for Security and Cooperation in Europe (OSCE), security and rights watchdog, accusing it of lying after it criticized their government of trying to smother online criticism of its handling of the floods.
Later on Saturday, Vucic also accused Kocijancic of trying to silence him.
“I am shocked by the fact that Maja Kocijancic in the name of the EU has tried to shut me up,” they said in a letter to the Commission. “I am refusing to be your puppet,” Vucic said.
Vucic is a former ultranationalist who served as the information minister during the autocratic rule of late strongman Slobodan Milosevic in late 1990s. They later changed policies and embraced Serbia's path to European Union membership.
In case any more confirmation was needed, 11/9 (or 9.11. for us Euros) was the final nail to the coffin of traditional environmentalism – at least when it comes to stopping the existential threat of climate change.
For years now, established environmental movements like Greenpeace, WWF, and Sierra Club have taken the prevention of dangerous climate change as one of the, if not THE, key objectives for the environmental movement. They are not mistaken to do so; out of all our current predicaments, only asteroid impacts and full-blown nuclear war are even on the same scale of existential threat for our civilization. Besides human civilization, climate change threatens to wreak havoc on the global ecosystem, and could make the sixth mass extinction one of the worst ones yet.
But for decades, the traditional environmental movement has also been extremely strict about the means it approves for averting this coming calamity. Most environmental organizations, for example, are dead set against the most important, second-largest source of low-carbon energy – nuclear power – and are highly critical about carbon capture and storage, geoengineering, and anything other than renewables and demand reductions as the answer. It's all too often that these antiquated attitudes, dating from the 1980s or even earlier, cause these organizations to prioritize opposing nuclear power even at the expense of increased emissions.
As the urgency of climate change mitigation increases while the results of policies so far remain lackluster, there are more and more people who question the traditional prescriptions of the environmental movement and ask whether there might be a need for a more pragmatic policy and for all the options we can muster. In response, the traditional environmentalists explain their selectiveness about the weapons we use in the climate fight by saying that we don't need them. There is a very strong 100% renewables movement that keeps repeating the same mantra all over again: given sufficient political will, renewables (and conservation) alone are sufficient to wean us off from both fossil fuels and nuclear in time to forestall a climate catastrophe. When pressed, these people generally admit that their plans would be very costly – but that when the external costs of energy sources and climate damage are “properly” accounted for, they're actually cheaper than alternatives!
All this may be true, but it is also largely irrelevant. The Trump victory underscores the fatal flaw in the 100% renewables plans: outside our green bubble, we may never be able to amass the required political will to put high enough – “proper” – prices on carbon and other externalities so that the expensive 100% RE plans could become reality. There are various reasons why this is so, from economic costs inherent in high RE penetration to science denial to fossil fuel lobbyists to the uncomfortable fact that too many people oppose anything the “Greens” propose purely as a matter of principle.
And this is not just about Trump, as damaging as their policies may be to our chances of stopping climate change. Even if Hillary Clinton had been elected, they would still have been bound by limitations of political capital. The problem here is not that half of the Americans voted for Hillary; the problem is that nearly half voted for Trump. And this is not an American problem, far from it. Similar discontent is on the rise in other countries as well, and Europe may well see more right-wing populists in power in the near future. (France, I'm looking at you.)
The uncomfortable truth which too few environmentalists have acknowledged publicly is that our current renewable energy and emission reduction trajectories are taking us nowhere in particular. While renewable energy sources are increasing, the rate of change is pitiful compared to what is actually needed. Even more ominously, the quantity of annual new installations is actually dropping in some areas with more variable energy sources – like Germany – long before required installation rates have been achieved. Nevertheless, the traditional environmentalists are behaving as if the climate fight is going well and right-wing populist victories represent merely a temporary setback. In reality, the problem is that climate fight has never really even got started properly, and now it may be aborted altogether. This graph summarizes the problem, and underscores the folly of spending energy and resources to fight nuclear power in addition to fossil fuels.
The political difficulties inherent in attempting a major acceleration of current trends in renewable energy and emission reductions make it tremendously difficult to believe the massive economic realignments and public works envisioned in the more optimistic energy plans could possibly come to fruition. To pick just one example, a recent much-publicized 100% renewable electricity simulation required Germany to build some 800 gigawatts of electric transmission capacity by 2030. Aside from the small problem of the world cable industry being totally unable to provide the quantities of cabling needed for the plan in total, the reality is that even relatively modest additions – about ten gigawatts – in transmission capacity are now bogged down in local resistance, some of which is led by environmental organizations. It's a deja vu from nuclear energy boom of the 1970s; the environmentalists just assumed this time that new energy sources would be totally acceptable to everyone, and seem to be genuinely surprised this isn't always so. (See also here about the uncanny similarities between 1960s-70s nuclear boom and the current renewables enthusiasm.)
Is it really even ethical anymore to keep on believing – and suggesting to others – that political problems of 100% renewables are simply swept away once the people suddenly see how wrong they've been all these years? (Perhaps in 2020, or maybe in 2024, or at least in 2028…) How can we continue to believe this when the U.S. state most likely affected by climate change, Florida, voted solidly for Trump?
We in the environmentalist bubble may be willing to reduce our consumption and bear the costs and discomforts of emission reductions. Unfortunately, we tend to extrapolate and believe other people would do likewise only if we could provide them with more information about (say) climate change. But the world doesn't seem to work that way. Some people actually see the proposals we have as threats to their identity and well-being, and may oppose us just out from spite. This is a fact that should be acknowledged, even if we shouldn't pamper to such groups. We cannot make sustainable progress as long as we rely on plans that require the world to elect green leaders wholesale. Instead, we need plans that are resilient even if the populists win occasionally. (No conceivable plan could survive sustained populist rule, though.)
Traditional environmental movements have failed to come up with such plans, and continue to present extreme optimistic outliers (see graph below) as the only options. The sad truth is that while these plans may be technically feasible – that is, they probably do not break any laws of the nature – they cannot achieve meaningful climate mitigation unless everything goes just right. Technology has to develop in precisely the manner and schedule the optimists envision; economic problems need to be solved in time; and all this requires unprecedented political will while the economy is likely to undergo wrenching changes. And all this has to be sustained over decades. Take any one leg off this stool, or simply fail to sustain it, and the plans collapse in humiliation.
It's not by any means certain that any plans could now avert dangerous climate change. We're simply too late, and there are no silver bullets. But it's certain that plans that require a revolution to occur first are even less likely to come to fruition. Sadly, the traditional environmental movement seems to be doubling up its demands for just such a green-red revolution – because it's required for their extremely optimistic plans to work, and apparently heedless that these very threats of revolution mobilize conservative resistance. Revolutions may yet occur, but there's an even chance they turn out to be fascist ones. In every revolution, it's the scum that tends to float to the top.
What we need now are plans that openly acknowledge the political difficulties, the inertia, and the vagaries of human nature, instead of simulations that assume our technocrats can build everything from a clean slate and with cost or difficulty as no object. Traditional environmentalists have been extremely adept at pointing out various problems with increasing nuclear power generation rapidly, but so far they've all but ignored even the possibility that renewable energy sources and the infrastructure they require might also hit the wall of political opposition. This is a serious omission, since there is a chance better preparation might have reduced resistance. Perhaps it still can.
Environmentalists now also need to learn, and learn quick, that all the alternatives we have are imperfect, and that the utopian perfection is often the worst enemy of good enough. All energy sources suffer from their share of problems, and silver bullets simply don't exist.
If we environmentalists continue to oppose the adequate because there is theoretically a perfect solution somewhere (generally, as long as it remains on paper), we all are committing the mistake many people made when voting for Jill Stein on the last elections. Voting for the “perfect” or even “least bad” candidate is a morally defensible position – but it can increase the risks that the worst option will actually be chosen. We now need to be extremely careful not to increase those risks simply because we don't happen to like the more likely but less perfect candidate.
A pragmatic and extremely powerful message about climate change would be delivered if major environmental organizations stated that the situation now is so threatening that we need to think about all the options seriously – and not discount them with motivated reasoning. To discount any low-carbon, emission-reducing alternative, we now should demand very strong evidence.
However, it may well be that if the climate movement actually wants results in climate action, it now needs to make a break with traditional environmentalism, at least as far as much-hated solutions like nuclear power, carbon capture and storage, and – yes – natural gas are concerned. Fighting two-front wars against fossil fuels and nuclear (among others) is just stupid; fighting a three-front war against fossil fuels, nuclear and nebulous concept of “capitalism” all but guarantees a defeat. (Just ask the Germans about the difficulties fighting two-front wars.)
If we can reduce emissions even somewhat using solutions that right-wingers can accept, we should do so. We simply don't have the time to pout in our own bubble anymore and hope for a mass conversion of humanity to Green-Red principles; we need to engage in pragmatic policies that could work even if the United States doesn't elect Jill Stein in 2020.
I'm saying this as a Democratic Socialist, who strives to see a world order based on justice, fairness and equality. It's just that I'd prefer there is going to be a world, and a civilization, where my descendants can also strive for such outcomes. That's why I support Ecomodernists and not the traditional environmental organizations, as much as I still like much of what these old-fashioned folks are doing.
It's important to get the facts right about university funding
It has become fashionable in certain political circles to try to minimize the ramifications of the $99 million cut to the public higher education budget by presenting some misleading “facts.” For example, some people have been saying that the cut to Arizona State University represented only a 2 percent trim off the overall ASU budget.
When you hear that one, tell the people making the claim that their math is bad and their premise is wrong.
Saying that the $53 million in cuts assigned to ASU represent a 2 percent cut to the overall budget misses the mark by millions. But to even suggest that the cut in state funds could be applied to the overall budget signals a lack of understanding about the university's funding – or a lack of respect for the truth.
Suggesting that all of the university's revenue is available to backstop the cut in state funding is akin to suggesting that a family whose income is reduced should use mortgage money to pay for medication. The mortgage bill continues to come every month.
The truth is that much of ASU's funding flows to the university for a specific purpose and is restricted by law or by contract from being diverted to support the instructional mission of the university.
Research funding is provided specifically for contracted research projects and cannot be used to supplant instructional costs. As most of these dollars flow from the federal government, the diversion of such funds carries significant penalties.
Revenue from non-instructional, but related activities must be used to fulfill the contracts that the revenue comes from.
The truth is that the state's primary interest in higher education is to support students from Arizona who wish to seek a college education, and that the nearly $1,000 cut per in-state student represents a 22 percent cut in funding for that purpose.
The percentage of adults with a college degree is the single best predictor of the overall health of a state's economy, but as the state has been steadily decreasing its investment in higher education Arizona's rate of college attainment has fallen behind that of many other Western states.
Given what is at stake, it's important to get the facts right about the investment in higher education in Arizona:
Since 2008, state funding has been cut by almost 58 percent.
When adjusted for inflation, the state funding per full-time student at ASU is approximately equal to the funding levels the university enjoyed in 1957.
– Kevin Galvin is vice president for media relations & strategic communications at Arizona State University.
Get Your Free ‘Derp On Board' Window Sticker
Is your dog DERPY?
If your dog's anything like mine, sometimes you look at them and go, “Wow, that is one derpy lookin' dog!”
To celebrate the “DERPY” (or silly, awkward, goofy) dogs we know and love, we've partnered up with Mighty Paw to make 2,500 “Derp On Board” window stickers. And we want to send you one for FREE.
The stickers are 5″ by 5″ vinyl and can be placed on your car, window or anywhere else. (They peel off easily.)
To get your free sticker, just fill out your address with the form below, and we'll drop one in the mail for you. We'll also send you an exclusive offer from Mighty Paw.
Enter Your Email Below to Receive Your Free DERP ON BOARD Sticker Email Address Campaigns Socialization Possessiveness Mighty Paw address Mighty Paw no address Royal Ramps SEND IT!
(If you have trouble with the link, you can also just email me at Lindsay@ThatMutt.com.)
Would you like one of these FREE Derp On Board stickers?
Just use the form above to fill out your address or click here.
Fans of Katsuhiro Ôtomo's seminal 1988 anime will be treated to the first ever official reissue of the film's sublime, super rare ‘Akira Symphonic Suite' score. Milan Records announced their plans to reissue Geinoh Yamashirogumi's acclaimed score via Twitter, and although a release date is yet to be confirmed we're already setting a few pennies aside for when this one eventually drops.
Rather unusually for a film score, ‘Akira Symphonic Suite' was composed and recorded ahead of production, with the animation team structuring the story around the music. An alternate soundtrack comprised of original music, dialogue and sound-effects from the film was also released, but it's Yamashirogumi's score that remains the lifeblood of this iconic dystopian sci-fi.
‘Akira Symphonic Suite' LP tracklist:
01. Kaneda
02. Tetsuo
03. Ohjifuchi
04. Exodus From The Underground Fortress
05. Requiem
Published 26 Aug 2016
“Those who can give up essential liberty to purchase a little temporary safety deserve neither liberty nor safety.”
–Benjamin Franklin
Trouble viewing? Click here.
[Note: The vote was postponed from Tuesday (today) to tomorrow, Wednesday. There is still time to take the actions below.]
This is the most important and controversial post I've ever written. For American readers, the short video above could be the most important video you watch in your lifetime.
I hesitated to post this and will alienate some readers, but I accept that.
Wednesday, July 9th, could mark the beginning of official condoning of warrantless surveillance of law-abiding citizens in the US, not to mention foreign nationals. I am not an alarmist and believe in qualified surveillance with process — this is different. I've done the homework.
The above is an 18-minute interview that I just finished with Daniel Ellsberg, famous for releasing the Pentagon Papers to the New York Times in 1971. Their actions are often credited with helping end not only the Nixon presidency but also the Vietnam War. They consulted for the Kennedy Administration after receiving a PhD. from Harvard in Economics and served in the Pentagon under Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara.
Remember that part of lifestyle design is creating a good environment for you and those you care for. Central to this is preventing dangerous laws — the rules of your environment — from coming into existence. This is not about being political. It's about being responsible. There are Republicans in Congress who oppose this bill, so it shouldn't be written off as leftist propaganda.
In the video above, I interview Ellsberg to learn what every American needs to know — and do in the next 24 hours — about the new FISA (Foreign Information and Surveillance Act) amendments. The interview, and below partial transcription, answers questions like…
-I don't have anything to hide. How does this affect me?
-What if this type of surveillance is what has prevented another 9/11 from happening?
-What are common inaccuracies about FISA reported in the media?
Please watch it.
Find below how you can make a real impact in less than 60 seconds. Every person counts — the Senators who will vote are watching the numbers. 41 Senators can block the bill, and it's not too late.
Please do the following.
How I ask you to spend 60 seconds
Daniel explains below several important reasons to act in the next few hours (much more in the video), but for those who are prepared to spend 60 seconds to help protect their liberties and prevent warrantless wiretapping from becoming a new standard in the US, here are two options:
1. ALL AMERICANS: Go to the EFF website here and put in your zipcode to find your Senator's phone number. Call them and read the short script on the same page. If no answer or a full voicemail box, click the link at the bottom of the page to e-mail them.
(Tell others verbally to go to “www.eff.org” and click “take action”)
2. OBAMA SUPPORTERS: Go to My.BarackObama.com here and join the group requesting they oppose (as they did earlier) the amendment. This takes about 30 seconds. I suggest changing “ListServ” in the bottom right to “Do not receive e-mails.”
(Tell others verbally to search “obama please vote no” on Google and My.BarackObama.com will be in the top 3 results, currently #1)
I would love to give online Facebook-like groups for all Republicans, especially McCain, and Democrats who originally opposed the bill, but Obama is the only Senator I can find with a group to join specifically related this FISA bill.
Two Tips from a Former Pfizer Lobbyist and Fellow Reader
Credit and thanks to “Roger Dodger”:
1) When you call your Senators, ask then where they stand on the bills before reading the script. If they are with you on most issues, thank them! Then ask why they don't support the issues you differ on. Then go on to ask for their support on those issues. If they are against you in most things, then refer to the entire script.
2) If they get enough calls, they will change their minds on an issue. 10 activists saying an issue is important to them may equal the opinion of 10000 constituents. If you don't believe that, just talk to any Real Estate Developer in your area and listen to their war stories on how 10 people coming to a community meeting and shouting blocked a multi million dollar project from happening.
Be nice. And be interested in the person on the other end of the line. These people have nutjobs calling all day to scream at them.
I was amazed at how uninformed people in Congress (not just the elected, but their staff as well) were on issues. I was talking heathcare with them and in most cases, ten months after passing the Medicare Part D, I was the first person who they'd talked to who had interviewed doctors on how they felt Part D was working.
Inform your Congress on issues you are interested in!
Some Highlights with Daniel Ellsberg
1. Why does the vote this Tuesday, July 8th matter to normal people who have nothing to hide?
Ordinary citizens who want to live in a democracy — including those with nothing to hide — should be concerned about the ability of the government to use private, sensitive personal information to blackmail, manipulate, and intimidate their representatives, journalists and their sources, potential whistleblowers, and activists or dissenters of any sort.
2. Couldn't it be argued that this type of surveillance ability has prevented another 9/11 from happening? Isn't it possible that this type of legislation has saved American lives?
The administration has claimed that is has, but without presenting a single piece of evidence that this is so, even in closed hearings to Senators with clearances on the Intelligence Committee. The FISA court has granted warrants in virtually every request that's been made of it that has any color of helping national security. The administration's decision to bypass that court, illegally, leads to a strong suspicion that they are abusing domestic spying, as some of their predecessors did, in ways that even the secret FISA court would never approve.
3. What are the most important factual inaccuracies about FISA found in the media?
Advocates of the bill take pride that it makes this amended FISA the exclusive basis for overhearing citizens, but that exclusivity is, in fact, in the current 30-year-old FISA bill already. President Bush simply ignored it in bypassing FISA, and there's not reason that they and their successors would not continue to do the same here.
It's been inaccurately stated that if these amendments didn't pass, FISA would expire. This is flatly false. FISA is open-ended and will continue as it already has, adequately for 30 years. What would expire are some blanket surveillance orders authorized last year, which the majority of Democrats, including Senator Obama, voted against.
The current bill does include one useful amendment to FISA, which could be passed with virtually unanimous approval in an afternoon, to allow warrantless interception of foreign-to-foreign communications that happen to pass through the United States. No one opposes this.
Various administration officials have claimed that the requirement of applying for a warrant from the FISA court deprived them of speed and flexibility. This is false. The FISA allows for surveillance to be implemented in an emergency situation before a warrant is sought, and that could undoubtedly be extended with Congressional approval without controversy.
What the administration seeks, and this bill provides, is permanent warrantless surveillance.
4. Let's consider an analogy: police officers have the legal right to stop you if you're going 56 mph in a 55-mph zone, but this right isn't often abused or applied to harass citizens. What makes you think the administration would abuse their surveillance powers if this amendment is approved?
The abuses of surveillance to which governments are drawn are those that keep them in office, used to intimidate and manipulate their rivals, and to avoid debate and dissent on their policies. These are exactly the abuses that the Church Committee discovered in 1975, which had been conducted on a wide-scale by the Johnson and Nixon administrations, and in some cases even earlier, which is what lead to FISA in the first place.
To remove judicial oversight, which this amendment would effectively do, is to invite the same kind of repressive abuse that lead to FISA in the first place.
5. Why would the current administration want this amendment to pass, if not for safety of citizens and prevention of attacks?
Using NSA to spy without judicial oversight or constraint on American citizens provides the infrastructure for dictatorship. George W. Bush has frequently said what other presidents may only have thought: “It would be a heck of a lot easier in a dictatorship, if only I were the dictator.”
Other presidents have violated the law and the Constitution in much the same way as Bush, so long as they could do it secretly, but they haven't proclaimed that as a right of their office as Bush, Cheney and their legal advisors have done.
The oath of office they took, along with all members of Congress, was to support and defend the Constitution against all enemies, foreign or domestic. I believe that, in the matters we've been discussing, the Founders had it right, not only for their time but for ours.
###
Please Digg and Buzz this below if you believe this is important. Please act now, as hours matter.
Extended bio of guest:
Daniel Ellsberg's earlier career includes serving as a Marine Corps company commander and earning a PhD. in Economics from Harvard. In 1959 they joined the Rand Corporation's Economics Department as an analyst, and consulted for the Kennedy Administration on the command and control on nuclear weapons. In 1964 they were recruited to serve in the Pentagon under Secretary of Defense Robert McNamara. Following two years in Vietnam for the State Department, Ellsberg eventually returned to Rand. In 1971 they made headlines around the world when they released the Pentagon Papers. Ultimately their actions helped end not only the Nixon presidency but the Vietnam War.
Posted on: June 7, 2008.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Email
Reddit
Print
Please check out Tribe of Mentors, my newest book, which shares short, tactical life advice from 100+ world-class performers. Many of the world's most famous entrepreneurs, athletes, investors, poker players, and artists are part of the book. The tips and strategies in Tribe of Mentors has already changed my life, and I hope the same for you. Click here for a sample chapter and full details. Roughly 90% of the guests have never appeared on my podcast.
Who was interviewed? Here's a very partial list: tech icons (founders of Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Craigslist, Pinterest, Spotify, Salesforce, Dropbox, and more), Jimmy Fallon, Arianna Huffington, Brandon Stanton (Humans of New York), Lord Rabbi Jonathan Sacks, Ayaan Hirsi Ali, Ben Stiller, Maurice Ashley (first African-American Grandmaster of chess), Brené Brown (researcher and bestselling author), Rick Rubin (legendary music producer), Temple Grandin (animal behavior expert and autism activist), Franklin Leonard (The Black List), Dara Torres (12-time Olympic medalist in swimming), David Lynch (director), Kelly Slater (surfing legend), Bozoma Saint John (Beats/Apple/Uber), Lewis Cantley (famed cancer researcher), Maria Sharapova, Chris Anderson (curator of TED), Terry Crews, Greg Norman (golf icon), Vitalik Buterin (creator of Ethereum), and nearly 100 more. Check it all out by clicking here.
The Zcash Foundation is now officially a 501(c)(3) Public Charity. You may not be particularly interested in non-profit tax law, but if you are passionate about the Internet, privacy, and the future of public infrastructure, then this is important news. So far as I know, the Zcash Foundation is now the first public charity dedicated to building internet payments and privacy infrastructure for the public good.
Committing to Public Infrastructure & Scientific Research
Our application was not run-of-the-mill. There are several types of charitable activities recognized by the IRS: among them public education, scientific research, and the creation and maintenance of public infrastructure. Any good non-profit tax attorney will tell you that the easiest approach to approval is to focus on public education rather than making more complicated arguments about public infrastructure or scientific research. We had a very good tax attorney, but we didn't take the easy approach.
When we were working with our lawyers it was important to me and several of the other board members that we accurately describe our goals—especially with regard to scientific research and public infrastructure. These may be more difficult to explain, and the IRS may be initially less comfortable with those arguments for public goods, but we were more interested in the principle of the thing: online public infrastructure and the science that makes it safe and private are just as many public goods as roads, reservoirs, and clean air or water.
The foundation will—still—engage in public education about cryptocurrencies, online privacy technology, and the computing networks that power these new tools. But the foundation will also support open, peer-reviewed scientific research into zero-knowledge proofs and associated cryptographic technologies, and, perhaps most importantly, it will help to build the Zcash decentralized network as open, public infrastructure.
Public Infrastructure Beyond Physical Spaces
The IRS has long recognized certain maintainers of public infrastructure as charities. In most cases, however, that infrastructure has been physical: roads, waterworks, parks, and recreational facilities. What makes these things public? They can be used by anyone, a public park accepts all visitors and provides important goods for free to patrons: places for relaxation, contemplation, inspiration, community, and play. In general, we want public charities to help provide these goods because (A) a world of only gated and private parks would be deeply fragmented and non-egalitarian, and (B) government alone can't always sufficiently provide the quantity and quality of public parks that we might want as a society.
But what if public infrastructure is something that exists in the virtual world rather than the physical? Can a public charity be created to build and maintain these online public spaces?
The Internet is a public space, but it is—especially of late—becoming a balkanized federation of private fiefdoms. Where are you as you wander the Internet? Most likely, you spend the majority of your time on private properties: Facebook, Google, Amazon, Twitter, Uber, Airbnb, Ebay, Reddit, or the New York Times.
As you navigate between these digital landowners you are using public infrastructure: the TCP/IP protocol, the DNS system, and web browsers that are mostly powered with open source software libraries. Additionally, the servers that power private websites like Google and Amazon are—more often than not—running on open source software (e.g. Apache).
Just as the public sewers and subways of New York undergird the very valuable and privately owned buildings above, the public protocols and software stacks of the Internet sustain the very valuable websites we frequent. There's a fascinating and complicated mix of public and private, open source and proprietary infrastructure online, and there are already some public charities promoting the creation of public components of that infrastructure: think of the Free Software Foundation, or the Mozilla Foundation, and digital civil liberties groups like the EFF.
Blockchains as Public Payment Infrastructure
Until the emergence of the Bitcoin network, however, there was no public payment infrastructure on the Internet. If you wanted to pay someone else you'd have to use wholly-owned proprietary tubes and channels (the credit card networks, the banks, the Paypals, Wechats, and Venmos of the world).
Bitcoin proved that an open network of independent and unincorporated participants can come together and create public payments infrastructure. The Bitcoin network protocol and associated free software provides that infrastructure gratis to the public. Anyone can—without fee or barrier—create a payment address and receive payments from other persons on the network. Sending rather than receiving payments may require a fee, but fees ultimately go to the network as a whole (to each unaffiliated participant pro rata based on their efforts to do work to secure the blockchain) rather than going to a single network-owning provider.
Privacy is Necessary for Internet Money
Bitcoin is awesome, but in its current incarnation it is not sufficiently private to be a realistic public payments infrastructure. The public deserve privacy as well as ungated, free, and censorship-resistant Internet money. That's why Zcash and related projects are so important. As we wrote in out charitable status application:
The [Zcash Foundation] may also support, design, and otherwise encourage the development of software made available to the general public, gratis and under open source licenses. This software, when run voluntarily on the internet-connected computers of members of the general public, forms a peer-to-peer network that enables participants to send and receive payments securely and privately over the internet. This peer-to-peer network is a public payments and communications infrastructure developed and deployed as a benefit for the general public. The unique qualities of the software and the network it creates should decrease the risk that sensitive and personally identifiable information associated with electronic payments will be obtained by unauthorized third-parties. The Organization wishes to aid the development and maintenance of this public infrastructure, in part, because financial privacy is a fundamental human right necessary to guaranteeing the dignity of individuals and the diversity of society. Ensuring that personal information related to financial transactions is not available to unauthorized third parties can prevent discriminatory pricing, predatory lending, extortion, and other practices that degrade vulnerable or targeted persons and facilitate discrimination and prejudice.
To convince the IRS that this was a truly public purpose we had to make analogies to several of their past rulings on the subject. We had to lay out the case for there being public spaces on the Internet. Internet nerds as well as tax attorneys might find those details of our application exciting. Aside from being a document that was necessary to achieve tax exempt status, it's also an excellent articulation of the Foundation's commitment with respect to Zcash and privacy in general:
The Service has previously ruled that the creation of a public park, the preservation and improvement of a lake used for public recreation, solid waste recycling, and the development and maintenance of community parking lots all qualify as charitable purposes. While the Zcash network may be a virtual public space rather than one existing in the physical world, it still allows the public, unencumbered, to enjoy a benefit. Much as a public park provides vistas to a neighborhood, a public network for secure payments provides a valuable service to persons across the nation via their internet-connected devices. In this case, the benefit is secure payments and financial privacy. Privacy is a fundamental human right recognized by the United Nations and other governments and international organizations. Technologies that protect individual privacy can discourage or prevent discriminatory pricing, predatory lending, and other attempts to target individuals for unfavorable treatment based on intimate knowledge of their financial standing or vulnerable economic position within society. Encouraging the creation of secure electronic payments networks is understood as a governmental responsibility. The Zcash network, therefore, provides citizens with utility ordinarily provided by the state. For example, the Federal Reserve Board of Governors (the Board) fosters the safety, efficiency, and accessibility of the Fedwire Funds Service, an electronic payments system. The Zcash network provides similar functionality to the Fedwire service, and the role of the Organization in maintaining the Zcash network is similar to the Board: fostering the payment network's safety, efficiency, and accessibility for the use of the public at large.
Approval of our tax exempt status is an awesome way for us to commit to this mission. I trust my fellow board members, our new and excellent staff, and I trust the community to do the right thing and work towards building privacy protecting tools and infrastructure for the general public regardless of any legal status achieved by the Foundation, but it's pretty neat that we now have beneficial status that demands we stay true to that goal. Let's build a public but also privacy-protecting Internet together!
CLOSE At least 40 nails were purposely hammered into tree roots and logs along a park trail in North Carolina. USA TODAY NETWORK
More than 40 nails have been found hammered into tree roots on trails in Pinnacle Park in Sylva. (Photo: Courtesy of Brian Barwatt)
SYLVA, N.C. — The 1,100-acre Pinnacle Park west of Asheville remains closed after a runner's foot was impaled by a nail purposely placed on a popular trail that leads to the Black Rock Summit.
Brian Barwatt, an engineer with the Department of Transportation, and the race director of the Assault on Black Rock, a trail race in Pinnacle Park in March, was at the park Monday with the Sylva police chief Davis Woodard, town maintenance workers and other volunteers scouting out more nails.
Since Saturday, 40 nails hammered into tree roots and logs have been found, Barwatt said.
“On Saturday we found eight in an isolated area and thought we had it contained, but when we explored more, we found it was more than we could handle ourselves and I called the police chief,” Barwatt said.
“We're literally blowing every leaf off trail, and following behind with metal detectors. “It was a deliberate effort. Someone hammered 4-inch long galvanized nails and left them sticking out a half- to 1 inch, and at an angle so they're like spikes.”
One person was hurt and another stepped on a nail that went through their shoe but didn't hurt their foot.
“It's hard to believe someone would do this and put a lot of effort in to doing this,” Barwatt said.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Knoxnews newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Daily news headlines, without having to open the newspaper. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-844-900-7097. Delivery: Daily Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Knoxnews Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
The East Fork and West Fork trails, each 3.5 miles long, lead to the Black Rock summit on a mixed gravel road and single track terrain, completely surrounded by woods in a remote area of town.
“We want to assure people we're taking this very seriously and taking care of it swiftly,” they said.
There is a $1,000 reward leading to information about the case. Anyone with information is asked to call the Sylva Police Department at 828-586-2916.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2lqTra0
Last CES, BMW teased the future of its human-machine interface with a gesture control demo — a capability that debuted later in 2015 on the new 7 Series. Once again, BMW will be showing a new form of system control at CES 2016 next week: AirTouch, they're calling it, which sounds like a much more advanced version of last year's gesture control system.
The system that's currently in the 7 Series is limited to just a small handful of basic controls — volume, for instance — but AirTouch "allows the display in a vehicle to be operated like a touchscreen without actually having to make contact with the surface" using an array of sensors in the interior. Basically, it sounds like you can use your outstretched hand like a mouse on the car's oversized display. Once you're focused on the on-screen item you want to select, the driver can use a button on the steering wheel to make the selection, and the passenger can do the same with a button on the door.
It could be shown on the i8 Spyder
It sounds a little complex, but BMW says it has designed AirTouch's software to automatically move through required menus and steps without additional clicking, which reduces the total number of steps. Automakers are experimenting with many different control concepts lately, looking to reduce driver distraction — even as the number of functions, apps, and controls offered by modern cars continues to grow with each new model year.
As with last year's gesture control demo, AirTouch is almost certainly an early look at a system that will debut on a production BMW within a couple model years; that could happen first on the i8 Spyder, which is rumored to be at CES, possibly as the AirTouch demo vehicle.
Volvo's Concept 26 The future of autonomous driving?
Elite rat team to begin by spotting illegal shipments of pangolins, the world's most trafficked animal, at ports in Tanzania
The US government will fund the training of a team of giant rats to combat illegal wildlife trafficking in Africa.
An elite group of African giant pouched rats will be used at ports, initially in Tanzania, to detect illegal shipments of pangolins – the world's most trafficked animal, which has been pushed towards extinction due to the trade in its scales and skins – as well as hardwood timber.
The US Fish & Wildlife Service is spending $100,000 on a pilot project that will train rats to detect the illegal items and learn to communicate this to their human handlers. The rats, which can grow up to 3ft long, have poor eyesight but an excellent sense of smell. They have pouched cheeks, much like a hamster, which give the species its name.
Rats detect mines in Tanzania – in pictures Read more
African giant pouched rats have previously been attached to leashes and used to detect mines and tuberculosis. Bart Weetjens, a Belgian rat enthusiast, started a project that has trained and accredited rats that have found 1,500 buried landmines in Africa and south-east Asia. More than 5,000 TB patients have also been identified by the rats.
The Fish & Wildlife Service said it hoped that the foray into the investigation of wildlife smuggling would be the first stage of a “much larger project to mainstream rats as an innovative tool in combating illegal wildlife trade”.
The Obama administration has recently escalated its crackdown on the hunting and trafficking of imperiled African wildlife. Last week, the Fish & Wildlife Service announced a ban on the import of all “trophies” – such as heads, paws and tails – taken by American hunters from captive-bred lions in Africa.
The money for rat training is part of a larger $1.2m package that will provide funding for law enforcement in Cambodia, forest patrols to reduce tiger poaching in Indonesia and sniffer dogs to unearth illegal shipments of saiga antelope horn.
“These grants provide much-needed resources to support projects on the ground where wildlife trafficking is decimating some of the Earth's most cherished and most unusual species,” said Dan Ashe, director of the Fish & Wildlife Service.
“These grant recipients are using pioneering approaches to address the illegal wildlife trade in the places where it starts and where demand for wildlife products feeds the criminal supply chain of illegal goods.”
Yesterday we looked at the five best things the front office did in 2015. Today let's take a look at the biggest misses.
I have made an effort to be tempered in any criticism in this front office during the first season because it is important to understand how difficult of a job Mike Maccagnan stepped into. They inherited a roster with little in the way of talent. Maccagnan had little choice but to spend in free agency to up the talent level. When you are forced to make that many moves, it is inevitable some will not pan out. There are also a limited number of free agents. Some might have less than ideal pricetags. Others might be less than ideal fits. Guys also start flying off the shelves as soon as free agency begins. You might not get a chance to talk to all of your targets.
You are going to end up with some guys who really help your team but might cost a little too much. You will totally whiff on some others. Not everything is going to be at an absolutely perfect value. You get graded by the end result. In Maccagnan's case, the end result was very good in year one, and the team has a much higher level of talent than the day they took over.
With that in mind, here are some of the moves or nonmoves they might want to do over.
5. Running Back
There was plenty of hype about the Jets' backfield in the offseason. They were supposed to have four quality running backs in Chris Ivory, Bilal Powell, Zac Stacy, and Stevan Ridley. It did not really work out that way. Ivory and Powell did help the team but were inconsistent. Stacy and Ridley looked like complete whiffs. Neither did much to help the team. This ended up being a below average stable.
4. Tight End
There are two caveats. First, I have to note that Jace Amaro might have made this position a lot better. Second, the team did a nice job of converting Quincy Enunwa into what was essentially an H tight end role. With that said, the Jets got dreadful production out of Jeff Cumberland and Kellen Davis. I don't blame Maccagnan for these guys as much as I blame them for not scanning the waiver wire and bringing in somebody else. Any halfway decent talent was worth a look. This was a case where the status quo was so bad that any sort of change would at least not be a downgrade. Maybe the Jets could have found somebody.
3. Antonio Cromartie
When things don't work out, I am more forgiving of general managers when I can at least understand the thinking, and the plan makes sense. That is the case with Cromartie. You can see why the Jets signed him. There was a huge need at cornerback. Cromartie had success in this same system in 2014. They were also a known commodity within this particular locker room since had spent four seasons with the Jets. Plus they were in the unique position of knowing both the old defense and the new defense during a transition period. It all made sense. We can presume Todd Bowles wanted Cro. It just did not pan out. Cromartie was toasted early in the season, and even a nice late season stretch did not make them worth that money. Fortunately the Jets can let Cro go with no cost to their 2016 cap.
2. Kick Returner
Kick returner was an enigma from the day the Jets released their original 53-man roster with no return man on it. They did re-sign Chris Owusu the next day, but Owusu was hurt for most of the season. I remember there was a lot of talk here that the Jets weren't going to use a roster spot on a guy who only returned kicks. Why would that be, though? Why the heck wouldn't you use a roster spot on somebody who touches the ball multiple times each game to determine field position? I am not sure I understand why the Jets did not make this a priority as the special teams struggled. There are always decent return guys available off the street.
1. Ryan Quigley
Quigley was near the bottom of the league in both average and net punting in 2015. At some point, the Jets should have made serious consideration to bringing in somebody new. They should have been bringing in guys left and right to find somebody better. Punter is another position where you can find quality off the street. It finally caught up with the Jets in the regular season finale.
Speaking on NBC's Meet The Press this morning, Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) repeated their claim that they — and the entire country — was lied to about the TARP program in 2007.
Asked about the claim by host David Gregory, McCain was adamant. “We were all misled” by Bush administration Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson, McCain said.
Video of the exchange, and the transcript, after the jump.Video:
The transcript:
Gregory: One question about the bailout, the TARP. You voted for it. But you said that you were misled by Former Treasury Secretary Paulson. How so? McCain: We were all misled. We were all misled. I mean, they said that they were going after the toxic assets. The toxic asset– for– is– were with the housing market. They testified– that. I mean, we were all misled. So, what did they do then? They started pumpin' money into the financial institutions. Now, the financial institutions are fine. Wall Street's doin' great. Main Street is in deep trouble. In my home state of Arizona, 48 percent of the homes are underwater. In other words, they're worth less than the mortgage payments people are making.
Gregory: But [Paulson] says without TARP, you'd have 25 percent unemployment. You would have had that. McCain: They can– they said– that they would be going after the toxic assets, which were the housing market. And that's what their testimony was. That's what they pledged to do. And to the American People and to the Congress. And they turned around. I mean, it's a matter of record. It's been reported in all the media. They turned around and switched from trying to address the housing market to bailing out the financial institutions on Wall Street. Whoever thought that we would– when we passed that, we would own General Motors and Chrysler? GMAC? I mean, it's– it's– it– it's beyond what anyone had anticipated.
As Zack reported last week, McCain's new comments on the federal bailout program, which McCain infamously suspended their campaign help negotiate and pass, seem to contradict what they said about TARP in 2008.
Two Dutch filmmakers have been attacked in the infamous Calais Jungle camp by migrants wielding pepper spray and a knife. Members of the Calais Migrant Solidarity group have urged them to remove the clip from the Internet, stating menacingly: “You are not doing yourself a favour by putting it online as I think this is not what you came for to Calais…”
Ms. Engels released the clip, taken while filming their new documentary, “Calais: Welcome to the Jungle,” via their YouTube account.
The clip, which only lasts 41 seconds, clearly shows their colleague and photographer Teun Voeten being attacked and thrown into a tent while three men pin them down. The perpetrators then proceed to run off down the makeshift streets of the migrant settlement.
Mr. Voeten is a longstanding contributor to outlets such as Vanity Fair, the New York Times Magazine, National Geographic, Newsweek, and Time magazine – the latter of which named German Chancellor Angela Merkel as their Person of the Year in 2015. They have also worked with Medicins San Frontieres, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees, and Amnesty International.
The description in the video alleges that the pair were set upon by three migrants armed with a “big knife” and pepper spray. The attackers attempted to rob the pair before other migrant residents of the Jungle were able to chase them off.
Ms. Engels posted the video on their Facebook along with their reaction to the attack, describing the men who robbed them as, “a couple of assholes,” then going on to make excuses for their attackers, saying they are likely to become criminals because, “they've got nothing higher to aim at”.
Another post by Ms. Engels from the day before the incident describes meeting a migrant named Muhammed who is a former English literature student in the Calais migrant camp.
They appear to reach out to their friends and followers to find the easiest way to get Muhammed into the UK, and find a way for them to pay reduced student fees.
Ms. Engels laments that the legal-aid volunteers are not sure how to procure Muhammed a student visa into the UK and says they fear they will remain in Calais and, “waste their life in this hopeless, dreadful sh**hole.”
Photographer, and victim of the attack, Teun Voeten also posted the footage on Facebook to the group “Calais Migrant Solidarity (no borders),” and was met with comments urging them to remove the footage.
One comment went as far to say, “You are not doing yourself a favour by putting it online as I think this is not what you came for to Calais…” while another added: “In the wrong hands this footage could be used irresponsibly”.
Ms. Engels told Breitbart London: “We have been documenting the jungle since September. What we want to achieve is to show the complexity of the immigration problem. The story is not one-sided but what is shown (and asked for by the media) is so much driven by emotions. No durable policy can derive from that. First Aylan [Kurdi], then Paris, now [Cologne]. We just don't want to take positions. [We want to] show all points of view. Both the refugees and the opponents”.
The post has since been removed from the Facebook group, but not before back ups were made of the post.
The organisation responsible for the social media page – Calais Migrant Solidarity – is part of the No Borders Network which campaigns for the removal of national borders and for an end of deportation of illegal migrants.
Violence in the Calais Jungle migrant camp is not a new phenomenon. As the camp has become larger and larger, attacks have become more common. Migrants attack each other and are even violent toward aid workers trying to deliver food and supplies.
A French police union spokesperson has even accused left-wing activists and people smugglers of routinely inciting violence in the camp.
The camp is located next to a motorway that thousands of transport trucks use every day, shipping goods from mainland Europe to the United Kingdom. Migrants camp out in the hopes of sneaking on to the trucks to gain entry to Britain – often endangering the lives of the truckers in the process.
This video comes at a crucial time for the Calais migrant camp as French officials announced their plans to demolish the encampment and force residents to move by January 18th. The BBC reports that the move is to combat poor living conditions in the camp and trade the tents currently being used for housing and replace them with converted shipping containers.
Breitbart London reported on the London2Calais ‘open borders' demonstration that took place at London's St. Pancras station on Saturday 16th January. Activists at the rally claimed politicians and the media ”
Gather your rare item tokens and prepare yourselves for a shopping spree with our upcoming promotion in the Rare Token Store.
Save 10% on all current rares and enjoy the benefits from increased rare tokens on Treasure Hunter from 00:00 on 26th November until 23:59 on 30th November.
To access the Rare Token Store, click on the rare tokens in your inventory and select 'open store'. Inside the store you will be able to purchase new pets, weapons and cosmetic overrides.
Check back each day to claim your daily Treasure Hunter keys, gain more rare tokens and unlock those rare items you've been saving and waiting for!
Play now to make the most of this deal before the promotion ends.
Enjoy!
Spend your tokens wisely and invest in some of the spectacular discounted items in the Rare token store. As always, enjoy and let us know your thoughts over on the forums.
The RuneScape Team
What is Treasure Hunter?
Treasure Hunter is playable from within RuneScape, allowing players to use Keys to claim in-game items as prizes. These range from useful resources to rare weapons and exclusive gear.
Playing Treasure Hunter is simple - click the treasure chest icon that pops up when you log in. If you've not played before, just follow the on-screen guide.
Everyone gets at least one Key per day, and RuneScape members get two. You can Bond.
If you'd like more, you can also buy Keys on the website, or by clicking 'Buy Keys' within the Treasure Hunter interface in-game.
!! Please use GitHub to file an issue report !!
!! This plugin requires BKCommonLib to be installed. !!
!! This is 1.8 only. Get the 1.11+ version here !!
Description
Links
TrainCarts - Linked Minecarts, sign-redstone systems, easy to use and realistic1.8.6 R0.1 / 1.8.7 R0.1 / 1.8.8 R0.1RailCraftThis plugin looks for suitable Minecarts and links them together if possible. When two Minecarts are being "linked", the Minecarts will act as one single moving train.Once carts are successfully linked, an effect is played and their velocity is shared in combination with an individual factor for each Minecart, which is used to remain a steady gap between carts. This gap is adjustable, the force at which this happens as well.End result: a train! You can move it, make a roller-coaster out of it, split it in half, watch trains collide, whatever you want to do with trains.As for 1.21, it is also possible to safely exit your train by setting an exit offset with a (sideways) push factor for the train. This feature is disabled by default. (only affects dropped items). If you want to display arrival times on signs (see redstone circuit part) you need SignLink, see the downloads on the bottom of the page.As for 1.35 you can set train properties to make 'special' trains, or to 'finalize' a train
Sonia King says they were appalled when one of their coworkers made the proposition: If they would marry an illegal immigrant, they could make $10,000 in cash.
A single mother of three, King was working as a legal secretary in the Broward State Attorney's Office, the agency that prosecutes crimes, including marriage fraud. This was exactly what the 42-year-old single mother of three considered their fellow secretary's request.
King reported their coworker, Adriana Vanegas, and the secretary was fired.
Continue Reading
Not Vanegas, who still works at the State Attorney's Office, but King, who says their life was made miserable by management after they filed the complaint.
Internal SAO records support their claim that they were systematically bullied and badgered by management before they were finally given a pink slip on January 30 of this year. And the allegation of marriage fraud? It was tossed aside by the agency with a cursory investigation.
King's story shows not only how lax State Attorney Michael Satz's office can be when it comes to policing its own ranks, but it also provides a rather outrageous example of a cliquish workplace, drumming out an employee for having the nerve to point out wrongdoing in the ranks.
That it happened in what is supposed to be the county's foremost bastion of justice only makes it more egregious. And it is all the more curious when one looks at King's work history and job performance at the State Attorney's Office before they were fired.
"Very sweet lady; very reliable," one former boss noted in a reference for them before SAO hired them in April of last year.
"Good employee," another said.
"She was a very good worker, very reliable," remarked still another former employer.
Based on the recommendations, SAO hired King in April 2007 to work part-time as a legal secretary in the north satellite office in Deerfield Beach, where they assisted prosecutors with their paperwork. Helping to train them was Vanegas, a secretary who had been working for the SAO since 2006.
After King had spent just seven weeks on the job, their supervisor, Deborah Murphey, wrote to SAO's human resources director, Renata Annati, that King was proving to be an able and dedicated employee.
"The attorney in this division Anna Hall is very pleased with their performance," Murphey wrote in a May 30 email. "Anna has come to me several times to let me [know] what a great job they are doing. I would like for Sonia King to be considered for secretarial position at North Satellite, they would be a great addition to our support staff."
After their promotion to full-time (with pay of about $24,000 a year), King successfully completed their probationary period on July 3. Murphey gave them a good evaluation with satisfactory marks in all categories except "attitude" and "stress tolerance" — in which King was graded outstanding. Monica Hofheinz, executive director of the north satellite office, wrote to her: "Congratulations... you can be very proud of your contributions to the office, the Division, and the people of Broward County."
It wasn't long before things went sour. They say their relationship with Vanegas was professional, though not very close. They both spoke Spanish, and both had roots in Colombia; King's parents emigrated from the country before they were born, and Vanegas was born and raised in Bogotá.
King says Vanegas pulled them aside one day last August during a break at work. Near the office vending machines, Vanegas asked them in Spanish if they would consider marrying a friend of their husband's for $10,000 to help them get citizenship.
"Even though I am Hispanic, I wasn't brought up to be like this," says King, who was born and raised in New York. "I felt belittled when they asked me to do that. I was shocked."
King says they ignored the request, but Vanegas brought it up on two more occasions. They say that when they refused, Vanegas' "whole attitude" changed toward them The workplace became tense, and Vanegas began complaining about King to the supervisor, Murphey. Vanegas and Murphey were close, often lunching together, King says, and soon, they felt as if the pair were ganging up on them
As the working environment deteriorated, King decided to report the marital proposition. At the start of October, they made the complaint, telling Assistant State Attorney Lee Cohen about the proposition. At the same time, they requested a transfer out of the north satellite office.
"I am unhappy here," King wrote in an October 3 email to Murphey and Annati. "Please consider me for the transfer, it will be greatly appreciated. I am a hardworking person and I have had no complaints from the attorneys about me or my work performance."
In their reply, Annati didn't argue about their performance, but they turned King down, saying that there was a staff shortage and they needed them there. King says they felt trapped.
On October 9, SAO investigator Robert Grimm interviewed King under oath about the Vanegas proposition. Soon thereafter, Grimm met with Hofheinz about the matter and closed the investigation.
They wrote in their investigative report that they didn't think the case could be prosecuted because the alleged proposition wasn't made in front of other witnesses and King didn't know the identity of the man they were asked to marry.
But Grimm never questioned Vanegas about the incident or attempted to identify others who might have been involved. King says another secretary in the division was privy to what had happened, and that person also wasn't interviewed. In fact, the only work Grimm reported doing was interviewing King.
SAO spokesperson Ron Ishoy defended the obviously shallow investigation in an email: "The investigator didn't take a sworn statement from Vanegas because, after taking the statements they did take, they did not feel there was enough supporting evidence to go any further."
The termination of the investigation, as well as the transfer denial, seem to have sealed King's fate. They say Vanegas and Murphey continued their campaign against them in the office.
"It was like a conspiracy started at that time," says King, who lives in Boynton Beach with their three children. "I was getting written up and I was getting reprimanded for the slightest thing."
King's personnel file backs up their claim. Murphey reduced King's lunch hour to 30 minutes because they were sometimes late to work due to traffic. They took the keys to King's desk. They began to complain about their work performance, which up to that time had been deemed excellent.
Murphey didn't respond to an interview request (her office said they were on vacation).
The conflict came to a boil on December 11. Murphey forced King to move the computer on their desk so they could have a direct line of vision to their employee. The ostensible reason was to make sure they didn't talk on their cell phone, but King considered it just more harassment.
After King moved their computer, Murphey asked them to move boxes of papers on their desk as well. King refused, prompting Murphey to complain in an email to Annati:
"I asked them to move boxes, they said, 'Why? That is the way I work, you set your desk up the way you want and I set mine up the way I want.' Sonia said, I have a problem with her, that everyday it is something. I asked them if they liked working here, they then ask me did I like working here, I replied yes. I then said I wanted boxes moved, they said they were not moving boxes, they wanted an e-mail from Mr. Satz indicating that they were to move boxes."
The standoff prompted a meeting among King, Murphey, Annati, and other supervisors. King wrote an email directly to Satz: "I would like you to be in this meeting, because I am constantly being harassed by Debbie, along with Renata [Annati]. In case you can not make it, I would like for you to come to north and have a meeting, because my supervisor's attitude and behavior was unacceptable."
Satz didn't make it to the meeting, during which Murphey complained about King's work and King countered that Murphey was bullying them for no reason.
King, meanwhile, had no idea that Grimm had already closed the investigation. They contacted them about it, an action that sent waves through management.
"Sonia has apparently been calling the investigator regarding the status of their complaint," Hofheinz wrote to deputy chief investigator James Leonard on December 27. "Has they been advised that we do not see state criminal charges here and that they should take their complaint to the Feds or [the immigration service]? If the accused secretary is running a scam like this, they may be interested in following up."
Here, incredibly, you have an example of the SAO not only failing to investigate alleged criminal activity in its own ranks but also suggesting that its own employee search out federal agents to find justice.
King's days, meanwhile, were numbered. The workplace was toxic. They were fired January 30, the official reason being for their "unsatisfactory work performance." King said they consulted with an attorney about the case but was told there was nothing to be done.
They have a new job, but it is low-paying, and they wept when they spoke of the experience. "I'm a good person," they told me. "This wasn't fair. And I have my kids, and I don't know what I'm going to do."
Ishoy, meanwhile, claims the SAO did nothing wrong.
"Sonia King's termination and the [marital fraud] investigation were unrelated," they say. "Sonia King was terminated for their inability to effectively perform the essential functions of their job. They were evaluated by more than one supervisor, and several attempts were made to train her."
Perhaps, but it seems their greatest sins were getting on the wrong side of a gang-like bureaucracy and failing to keep quiet.
Marathon running Gardai chase down man with €30,000 worth of wedding rings
A man appeared in court in Kerry today after they were apprehended by four quick thinking, and quick-acting acting off-duty Gardai.
At around 5pm yesterday in Tralee a robbery took place in a jeweller's shop on Dominic Street, when four off-duty members of the Gardai were sitting in a café across the street.
Witnessing what had just happened, The Indo reports that they showed a clean pair of heels to chase the perpetrator who had made off with more than €30,000 worth of wedding rings. And no wonder they showed such speed as the four had recently completed the Dublin marathon and fitness was never going to be an issue.
Media reports say that it was a “short pursuit”, though with 26 miles each under their belts, we wouldn't have fancied the man's chances of getting away even if the chase had continued any further.
Television writer and executive producer Chuck Lorre has asked WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange to “get to work” and hack Donald Trump.
“You promised to use the Internet to expose and bring down all the corrupt bastards ruining our world, and boy did you almost follow through,” Lorre wrote in one of their infamous vanity cards, which are their trademark messages that appear on-screen at the end of nearly every episode of their various productions.
“The job's only half-way done! You need to show us you're not just another gun for hire and hose down the other mosh pit. You know what I'm talking about,” read Lorre's message to Assange, which appeared at the end of Thursday's episode of the CBS comedy drama Mom. “The tax returns, the out-takes, maybe even some freaky-deaky-golden-leaky beauty pageant video action. Time to step up, J-man.”
Assange's WikiLeaks published thousands of Hillary Clinton campaign chairperson John Podesta's emails during the campaign.
Lorre's missive came on the heels of news reports on a memo alleging that there was communication between Trump's presidential campaign and Russian officials. Numerous allegation in the report, dubbed “fake news” by President-elect Trump earlier this week, have since been found false.
The Big Bang Theory creator, who attended a high-profile fundraising dinner for Hillary Clinton in Los Angeles in July, also used a vanity card to react to Trump's victory of Clinton.
“Uh-oh,” read the vanity card that appeared on both Big Bang Theory and Mom just two days after the election.
In their latest salvo, Lorre asks Assange to become a “hero” and hack Trump.
“It's time to go all Talking Heads on this situation,” Lorre wrote. “Burning down the house, bubelah! You're one wikiwacky-leak away from being a hero. Or maybe a martyr. Ecuadorean potato soup, Ecuadorean puhtahto soup, they're usually the same thing.”
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson
American Horror Story‘s Lily Rabe and Bloodline alum Enrique Murciano are set to lead the cast of Deadlier Than the Male (working title), TNT's drama pilot produced by Bruna Papandrea's Made Up Stories and Turner's Studio T.
Written by Harriet Warner, Deadlier Than The Male follows a trio of characters, each with a mysterious and troubling past: a young woman who once looked into the eyes of a dangerous killer, a former serial predator desperate to find redemption and a grieving mother obsessed with finding their missing daughter. As each of them is pushed to the edge, the truth about their pasts and motives grows ever murkier, blurring the lines between victim and perpetrator.
Rabe will play Emma. Just released from a three-year prison sentence with a new identity for their protection, Emma is trying to move on from a past where they were intimately entangled with a dangerous killer. But is they as fragile as they seem or a formidable threat when overlooked?
Murciano is playing Peter Jamison, Emma's therapist, who has provided their cabin in the Louisiana woods as a safe house as they start life in witness protection. They try to give Emma a sense of security and control over their new surroundings, but they appear to be keeping secrets from them — and from their new wife.
Related2017 TNT Pilots
Deadlier Than the Male is executive produced by Warner, Papandrea and Casey Haver of Made Up Stories. It is one of two pilots TNT ordered this spring with an eye toward a new programming block it is prepping, TNT Mystery, along with Deep Mad Dark.
Murciano, who recently recurred on The Blacklist, is repped by Gersh and Management 360. Rabe, who co-starred in HBO's The Wizard Of Lies, is repped by WME and Framework.
Ability to designate ‘other' gender option on identity documents such as travel, residency or employment papers has become a cause among many LGBT groups
Some foreign visitors to Canada will be allowed to identify themselves as male, female or other in a border document being introduced this week, as Canada joins a handful of countries offering gender-neutral options.
The new Electronic Travel Authorizations (eTAs) with three gender options will be introduced on Thursday for travelers flying into or through Canada, officials said.
Canada also has taken steps toward allowing people who have changed genders to switch the designation on passports and other documents, said a spokesperson for Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship Canada (IRCC), the federal agency that issues travel documents.
Having the ability to designate an “other” gender option on identity documents such as travel, residency or employment papers has become a cause among many lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender (LGBT) groups who represent people who do not consider themselves to be male or female.
“IRCC is committed to facilitating the issuance of identification with a sex designation that reflects a person's gender identity,” the Canadian spokesperson said.
Australia offers passport options of male, female or X, while Nepal, New Zealand and a handful of other countries also offer third options. Other nations have taken similar steps on some internal documents.
Lambda Legal, a US not-for-profit group that promotes LGBT rights, said it commended the Canadian government and called on the US government to follow suit.
“This small step of inclusiveness for visitors is yet another reason for Canada to implement a third gender marker on passports, an option currently under serious consideration,” Paul Castillo, a senior attorney at Lambda Legal, told the Thomson Reuters Foundation in an email.
“Inaccurate documents serve only to discriminate and impose barriers upon people who are neither male nor female.“
The Canadian eTA form, available online, has been designed to provide applicants with an option to select a third gender of “other”, the spokesperson said.
The eTA is required for travelers from countries where a Canadian visa is not required, officials said. It does not apply to US residents.
James Spaggnola (July 29, 1939 – May 8, 2004), known as Jim Spagg , was a U.S. artist and host of a controversial Public-access television cable TV program in Portland, Oregon , United States from 1991 [1] to 2003.
In the early 1990s, Spagg attracted local and national media attention with Jim Spagg's Sex Show, a call-in cable TV program that contained uncensored nudity. Spagg, a nudist, produced and directed the program and frequently appeared without clothing. The show was mostly improvised, and often consisted of little more than Spagg dancing nude while playing a guitar and singing. The show sometimes included nude guests, and often contained footage filmed at Rooster Rock State Park, a clothing-optional public beach near Portland. Several episodes focused on Spagg's petty feuds with their neighbor Ed DeKota.
Spagg's premises were[2]
Nudity is not dirty; and People are too busy and too serious.
Spagg denied that their program was lewd, claiming that "I am an artist and I'm expressing myself through video."[3]
Spagg also swore throughout and showed themselves defecating.[4]
In May 2003, after nearly 11 years on the air, Jim Spagg's Sex Show was removed by Portland Cable Access after Spagg defecated live on the show. They were suspended for a year, the official reason given was broadcasting copyrighted material, violating the Public-access channel's broadcast standards. The copyrighted material in question was a series of clips filmed by PCA itself with on the street testimony about PCA.
"He simply took property and used it as their own, against our rules and federal law," says Carl Kucharski, PCA's executive director.[5]
Grigory Chkhartishvili is one of Russia's most popular novelists. Published under the pen name Boris Akunin, their books—many of which trace the adventures of a 19th-century sleuth— have sold over 30 million copies worldwide.
But Chkhartishvili is also a scholar and historian, having authored the multi-volume History of the Russian State. And in recent years, they have emerged as one of the leading members of the opposition to Russian leader Vladimir Putin.
As a 2012 New Yorker profile reports, Chkhartishvili became a driving force in the Bolotnaya protests in Moscow in 2011 and 2012, in which tens of thousands turned out to demonstrate against allegedly rigged election results that had returned Putin to power. In 2014, the deteriorating political climate in Russia prompted Chkhartishvili to move to the UK.
Now, as Americans and people around the world struggle with the prospect of authoritarian regimes, dissidents like Chkhartishvili are uniquely qualified to help design a strategy for resistance. In a recent interview, they spoke with Anastasia Edel, a Russian-American writer, about how modern dictators consolidate power, what artists should do in times of national duress, and why Putin's honeymoon with US president Donald Trump is unlikely to last.
Quartz: In the past 100 years, Russia has experienced several dramatic transitions between democracy and dictatorship. Do you see any parallels between Trump's America and Putin's Russia?
GC: Not yet, luckily. What I see is a successful attempt on Donald's Trump part to imitate Vladimir's Putin tactical move undertaken in 2012, when the Russian dictator, seeing their unpopularity among the middle class, decided to position themselves as “a president of simple people,” changed their rhetoric, made an appeal to “collective mass subconscious”—and it worked.
How does Russian liberal opposition view American elections? Do they feel betrayed [by US voters]? Do they even care?
Oh yes, we do care very much. I do not know about betrayal; it's not as if American democracy owed us something. But a world in which dictators feel safer and freer, not having to fear sanctions and repercussions for their deeds, is a gloomy perspective.
Trump loves Putin. Will we see them ruling the world together?
I am very skeptical of any possibility of a “Trump-Putin duumvirate.” Trump might want to use Russia in their confrontation with Iran and China, but Putin would be extremely unwilling to spoil relations with their closest neighbors. I think it's more likely that their honeymoon won't last.
US intelligence believes Russia interfered in 2016 presidential campaign to benefit Trump. Do you think Russia actually influenced the outcomes of the American elections?
I wouldn't exaggerate the importance of the “Russian trace” in Trump's victory. Of course Putin wanted Trump to win—for the obvious reason that America under this administration would be less of a problem to the world's aggressive regimes, Russia included. It's quite probable that Putin's notorious cyber thugs actually did implement some of their habitual hacking-spying tricks during the election campaign. But I doubt that it could have significantly influenced the polls. Let us not be carried away by conspiracy theories. What happened in America is part of a bigger process, which still has to be understood and analyzed.
There seems to be a reactionary trend across the Western world—the rise of ultra-right in Europe, Brexit, Trumpism. Has liberal democracy reached a dead end?
No, it's not a dead end, but it is a challenge that must be faced and a test that must be passed. In the three decades after the Cold War, the world has made a giant leap toward unity, toward accepting joint responsibility for humankind's present and future. It seems that the progress was too swift. Mass consciousness failed to catch up with this tempo—hence phenomena like Brexit or Trumpism. A certain retreat to “my house, my fortressism” looks inevitable. Let's hope that it won't be too big and lengthy.
What should Americans watch out for—how does a modern dictator take away freedom?
In Russia, their first move was to subjugate all the important media. When they achieved that, the rest was easy. No matter how loudly you protest, without independent media, you are mute.
So, please learn this sad lesson: Stand for the freedom of press. Every lost battle there is going to cost dearly.
What can the US opposition do to avoid being marginalized?
Learn to speak with people who have a different background, who have been less lucky, who have been dissatisfied—in Americans' case, those who voted for Trump. Don't shame them or call them names, as we did to those who supported Putin. Try to explain, try to communicate in a language that would be understandable to them. Their dissatisfaction with the previous state of affairs is real; their problems are real, too. Understanding and communicating is the key.
How can people resist authoritarianism when traditional safeguards of democracy fail?
Don't underestimate the importance of mass protest. Go out into the streets, make yourself heard. We in Russia did that too, but it was too late by then. If tens of thousands of Muscovites had staged huge manifestations in defense of freedom not in 2011, but in 2001, when the independent TV was crushed, we would live in a different Russia today.
You lived through Soviet totalitarianism, a brief period of democracy, and Putin's rule. Why does democracy fail?
Democracy in post-perestroika Russia failed because most of us, those who supported it, were too immersed in our personal quests—for material success, for professional achievement, for self-realization. In the 1990s, people in my milieu thought that going into politics or engaging in public activity was awfully kitschy. We all had been so nauseated by communism that any idea of collective action gave us creeps. After a long period of totalitarian rule, the possibilities and options that opened before our eyes were too inviting. And many of us did succeed on a personal level, but we lost the country. With Putin, the KGB party (no matter what it calls itself) came into power.
Your books are household names in Russia; you're widely read and loved there. Yet in 2014, you moved to Europe. Why did you choose exile?
I left because I was disgusted by the public elation that accompanied Russia' annexation of Crimea in 2014. First I decided that I would keep visiting Russia to check if this madness was subsiding. But each time I came, I felt worse. So I decided that I needed to distance myself from it all, if I want to continue loving my country. It's a bit like a marriage that has gone sour. There is a period when it is advisable to live independently and exchange letters. That's what we do.
What is your relationship with Russia now?
I write my “letters” to Russia—books. And I receive answers, via Facebook or comments on my blog. It's hate mail, mostly. Like, Stop reviling our great Motherland, you bloody Russophobe. So, I guess, the separation is likely to continue for a while longer.
What is the role of the artist in times of trouble? Must the Poet resist the Tsar?
The formula “Poet and Tsar” dates back to the times when Nicolas I became the personal censor of Alexander Pushkin. So it is a symbol of very particular relation between power and art, combining privilege and dependence. Following this tradition, a lot of Russian celebrities appeal to the dictator today—some shyly, others happily. It's very much in the mood of the epoch to address public letters to Putin, to ask them for clemency, support, justice, etc.
This is something that makes me sick. I think that the Poet should tell the Tsar to leave them alone. Better still, not tell them anything. Artists shouldn't speak to tsars, they should speak to the public—or to God, if you are a believer.
This article is part of Quartz Ideas, our home for bold arguments and big thinkers.
All Jays playoff games will be broadcasted in Garden Square. The excitement begins Thursday Oct 8 with the first game starting at either 3:37 pm.
Friday Oct 16
vs. Kansas City Royals- 7:00pm
Sat Oct 17
vs. Kansas City Royals – 3:30pm
Monday Oct 19
vs. Kansas City Royals – 7:00pm
Tuesday Oct 20
vs. Kansas City Royals – TBD
Wednesday Oct 21
vs. Kansas City Royals – TBD
Grab a bite before at one of our pre-game restaurant picks!
Note: All restaurants are within five minutes' walking distance of Garden Square. Free parking can be found at the Rose Theater or City Hall.
This Downtown smokehouse will make your taste buds very happy! Stop in before the game for one of their signature po boy sandwiches and a Mill St. brew. Or some smoked wings and ATBs–bacon wrapped jalapenos stuffed with cream cheese. This Portuguese Smokehouse with Southern flair never fails to deliver. Their tasty innovations even earned them a coveted spot on Food Network's You Gotta Eat Here!
73 George Street South
Just a stone's throw away from the big screen, Little Shop has tons of tasty grab and go bites that you can enjoy before or during the game. The food is always delicious, hand-crafted and never ceases to make you feel like you're eating right from mom's kitchen. We highly recommend one of their signature grilled cheese sandwiches. The pulled pork grilled cheese and the Italian Parmesan grilled cheese are both winning choices! They even have delicious Kawartha dairy ice cream if you need a cool down mid-game.
1 Theatre Lane
La Cartina is one of Downtown Brampton's gems! Looking for some authentic Mexican flavours before the game? This is the place for you! We highly recommend the friend fish tacos with mango coleslaw and a spicy chipotle sauce. You can eat in or grab these delicious tacos to go as you watch the game!
35 Queen St. West
If baseball is the great American pastime, then eating poutine is Canada's! Dare To Be Fresh has a variety of innovative poutine options to satisfy any lover of cheese curds and gravy. From classic, to pulled pork and Mexican-inspired, they've got a little something for everyone. They've also got Montreal style steamies and a bacon wrapped hot dog! If that isn't perfect for a baseball game, I'm not sure what is.
20 Main St. South
Fancy a juicy gourmet burger pre-game? The Works have you covered. They've got the well-loved classic, but they've managed to kick it up a notch with a variety of stuffed burger patties, artisan cheeses and exotic toppings. With the amount of combinations they've got, there's something for every burger lover! We highly recommend the dye cut fries and their pina colada milkshake.
8 Queen St. East
Comments
comments
Eat This: Lemon Glazed Cheesecake from Tapped Craft Beer Events
Lemon Glazed Cheesecake, from Creative Culinary
Blogger Jonathan Moxey pours Sorachi Ace at Tapped Craft Beer's Beer & Dessert Pairing
From Emily & Matt of Tapped Craft Beer Events:
Ever since we started up Tapped Craft Beer Events last January, I've been dying for a client to request a beer & dessert pairing event! Finally, this past week I got my wish when we hosted a super fun and educational pairing of 5 beers & desserts for The Williams Club and The Columbia University Club of New York.
I wanted to ensure that we showcased a wide variety of beer styles and dessert types, particularly because our audience was mostly new to craft beer, and having at least one easier-drinking option is ideal. Also, beers in the Brown Ale, Porter & Stout families and desserts in the caramel, nut and chocolate vein are the perfect go-tos, but what some other flavor profiles to keep things interesting and unexpected?
As I thought back to a couple of our beer & cheese pairings for another Williams Club event last year, the idea struck me — Brooklyn Brewery Sorachi Ace and cheesecake! Perfect! To make it extra special, I knew that I wanted to add a lemon spin to the cheesecake.
Since I couldn't find a bakery that made lemon cheesecake, I whipped up some homemade lemon glaze, using the following super-easy recipe from Creative Culinary. I added it to a nice store-bought cheesecake, but the link above also includes an accompanying cheesecake recipe.
Ingredients
1/2 cup sugar
1 tablespoon plus 1 teaspoon cornstarch
1/2 cup water (I substituted 1/2 cup Limoncello for the water but it's optional. I also ended up adding just a touch of lemon paste color. )
2 tablespoons lemon juice
Directions
Make glaze by combining sugar and cornstarch, blending in water and lemon juice until smooth. Bring to a boil, stirring constantly, until thickened. Cook 3 minutes. Chill until cool but not set. Spread top of cheesecake with lemon glaze. Chill several hours or over­night. Can also be frozen.
One guest commented, “All of the pairings were great, but this one really sings!” It was also the favorite of our event host, Jonathan Moxey.
The acidity and dryness of the beer, due to the champagne yeast and zestiness of the Sorachi Ace hop, cuts (“razor-sharp,” as Jonathan put it) through the rich creaminess of the cheesecake, cleansing your palate and readying it for the next bite. Additionally, the lemon glaze complements the lemon flavor and aroma of the unique Sorachi Ace hop.
And one Brooklyn Brewery beer wasn't enough for us — the last dessert we served was a beer ice cream float using Black Chocolate Stout and vanilla ice cream. It was a HUGE hit!
Broadway's Phantom of the Opera Announces First Asian-American Christine
The production will also welcome its first African-American Raoul.
Producers Cameron Mackintosh and The Really Useful Group announced principal cast changes for the Broadway production of Andrew Lloyd Webber's The Phantom of the Opera, directed by Harold Prince.
The longest-running show in Broadway history will welcome three actors to principal roles beginning June 13.
Ali Ewoldt (Les Miserables, The King and I) will join the Broadway company as its new leading lady, assuming the role of Christine Daaé; they will succeed Julia Udine, who will play their final performance June 11. Ewoldt, whose mother is from the Philippines, is the first Asian-American actor—and the first actor of color—to play Christine on Broadway, according to the show's spokesperson.
Jordan Donica, whose regional credits include Jesus Christ Superstar, Dames at Sea and South Pacific, will make their Broadway debut in the role of Raoul. They will succeed long-time cast member Jeremy Hays, who will play their final performance June 11. Jordan will also make history, as the first African-American to play the role of Raoul on Broadway. (In 2014 Tony nominee Norm Lewis became the first African-American actor to star in the title role on Broadway.)
Current ensemble cast member Rachel Eskenazi-Gold will become the production's new Christine Alternate (one of two cast members that rotate in the leading role). Eskenazi-Gold succeeds Rachel Zatcoff, whose final performance with the show will be June 11.
Continuing in their roles are James Barbour (The Phantom) and co-stars Laird Mackintosh (Monsieur André), Craig Bennett (Monsieur Firmin), Michele McConnell (Carlotta), Rebecca Eichenberger (Madame Giry), John Easterlin (Piangi) and Kara Klein (Meg Giry).
Phantom has music by Andrew Lloyd Webber, lyrics by Charles Hart (with additional lyrics by Richard Stilgoe) and a book by Richard Stilgoe and Lloyd Webber. The musical has production design by the late Maria Björnson, lighting by Andrew Bridge and sound design by Mick Potter with original sound by Martin Levan. Musical staging and choreography are by Gillian Lynne. Orchestrations are by David Cullen and Andrew Lloyd Webber.
The Tony-winning musical plays the Majestic Theatre.
A respected lawyer with over 22 years of experience in China, Douglas Clark has just published a three-volume history of extraterritoriality in China and Japan. Gunboat Justice explores the legal systems imposed by Britain and America from the Opium Wars up to World War II. As Shanghai developed into a great trading city, judges took on cases that ranged from murder to infidelity to rebellion. Clark brings to life the remarkable judges and lawyers trying to bring order to a home that wasn't theirs with gunboats often used to quell local opposition to the court's authority.
You're a longtime lawyer in China. Why did you decide to write such an extensive three-volume series on the extra-territoriality? How did the idea come about and why did you decide to structure it in three volumes?
I had practiced in a big law firm (Hogan Lovells) for 18 years, including 11 years in Shanghai. I then left to become a barrister. During the process of transferring I had a lot of spare time. I discovered the existence of the British Supreme Court for China almost by serendipity on a plaque marking the opening of the HSBC headquarters in Shanghai and from that decided to write this book.
There was no plan to structure it in three volumes but the volume of materials I found and the 100 years of history I had to tell ended up with a book that was too long for one or two volumes.
What were the most difficult challenges in writing this book?
The most difficult challenge knew where to start. There had not been a comprehensive history written and there was a huge volume of material on the cases that had been reported in the papers. The National Archives in London also have all the records of the court that were returned by the Chinese in 1986. Eventually reducing all the information into some comprehensible form was probably the most challenging task.
It's a fascinating way to look at Shanghai's history. How respected were the courts within these foreign concessions and what were the relationships like between the different concessions legally?
The British Supreme Court of China and Japan and, eventually, the United States Court for China were well respected. They had professional judges and a large core of lawyers. Some of the smaller consular courts, that only had consular officers as judges were not as well respected. This was one of the major problems of extraterritoriality: untrained consuls trying sometimes difficult cases.
Legally, in terms of jurisdiction, there was no problem with relationships between the concessions. A court had jurisdiction over its nationals wherever they were. The concessions were only "French" or "international" in terms of who had power to govern them. The French governed the French Concession and the British and Americans the International Settlement. The concession/settlement authorities could make by-laws to govern the concessions, but for all cases, the Defendant had to be taken to their national court. This could lead to issues such as when French police officers gave evidence in the British courts.
So, if a Briton committed an offense in the French Concession the case was tried in the British court and vice versa. There was even a case of an American being brought all the way from Tibet to be tried in the US Court in Shanghai for killing a Tibetan monk.
How were local Chinese treated under these foreign courts and was their treatment ever improved over time?
Local Chinese suffered the indignity of having to bring cases in their own land in foreign languages before foreign judges employing foreign lawyers. In the case of the British and American courts the language was English. There were many cases where British juries would not convict Britons for murder, sometimes only finding manslaughter, even where the judges clearly thought a more serious crime had been committed. The judges did strive to be fair but the system by its nature was unfair to Chinese.
In 1920, the Bank of East Asia, a Hong Kong bank, bought some land on Shamian Island in Guangzhou. The Brititsh Consul refused to register the transfer because BEA was Chinese owned. BEA brought a case before the Supreme Court to establish that as a Hong Kong company it was British. It won.
Who were some of the really remarkable judges and lawyers that have really influenced Shanghai?
The most remarkable judge was Sir Edmund Hornby, the founder of the British Supreme Court for China. They set up the court in the face of great opposition from local Britons and Chinese and set the court on a firm footing for the rest of its life. At one point they faced down a Chinese mob in Chefoo (now Yantai) themselves with their shotgun. They were an eccentric, having a parrot with them at all times and also reported meeting a ghost in Shanghai.
Sir Nicholas Hannen was also exceptional. They were truly loved as a person and a judge and was also appointed British Consul-General in Shanghai. They dealt in that position with trick question around the Sino-Japan war of 1895.
Three of the judges, Sir Frederick Bourne, George Jamieson and Penrhyn Grant Jones, all spoke and wrote fluent Chinese. They had come to China as consular officers, and learnt Chinese before working as consuls and eventually being promoted as judges. Chief Justice Hiram Shaw Wilkinson was also fluent in Japanese, having started their career as a consular officer in Japan.
On the American side, Charles Lobingier was truly outstanding. They took over a court racked by divisions and problems and developed its jurisprudence and quality of the bar so that by the time they left in 1924, the court was well respected and fully operational.
Leonard Husar was the US District Attorney in the early 1920s who arrived in China and prosecuted a number of individuals for smuggling guns. They would later be prosecuted in the United States Court for China for corruption, taking a bribe and protecting an opium smuggler due to a large amount of money passing through their safe deposit box. Husar's defense: they had made the money smuggling guns.
Could you explain the name of the series and what was the most outrageous example of 'gunboat justice' within China?
The system of extraterritoriality was put in place by gunboats (the Opium Wars), kept in place by gunboats (many battles over the years) and eventually ended by gunboats (when the Japanese navy sunk and captured the last British and American gunboats in Shanghai). It was a system where power came out the barrels of gunboats and was, therefore, gunboat justice.
There were no truly outrageous examples. However, on numerous occasions gunboats were called in to protect the courts in treaty ports up and down the coast, including Shanghai. The threat of force was used on numerous occasions to quell local discontent with decisions of the courts. On one occasion HMS Redpole was called into Shatou when a local Chinese official said they could not control local feelings. The official was told that it would be "very inconvenient" for them if this occurred. No problems arose after the arrival of the gunboat.
From 1911 to 1926, the Shanghai Municipal Council took over the Mixed Court completely appointing Chinese judges to try cases against Chinese with foreign assessors. This was well beyond foreign treaty rights, but a weak China could do nothing about it. It ended as the Kuomintang grew militarily strong.
Is there anything you would like to add?
I loved writing this book and I hope that readers will enjoy it.
> Nov 7, 11am, RMB75, tickets.
> Gunboat Justice is available on Amazon and on its official website. All cartoons from Douglas Clark.
> Check out our full preview of the Shanghai International Literary Festival and our festival related features.
Photo
According to Pollster, there is still no sign of a turn back to establishment Republicans. In fact, the triumvirate of crazy — Trump/Carson/Cruz — has about three times as much support as the combination of Bush, Rubio, and Kasich. It's amazing.
But why don't GOP voters realize that these are crazy people? Maybe because the things they say aren't all that different from what supposedly reasonable Republicans say.
A case in point: The Donald has just come out with a monetary conspiracy theory: the reason the Fed hasn't raised rates has nothing to do with low inflation and global headwinds, Janet Yellen is just doing Obama a political favor. Crazy, right?
But how different is this, really, from Paul Ryan and John Taylor claiming that quantitative easing wasn't a good-faith effort to support a weak economy, but an attempt to “bail out fiscal policy”, preventing the fiscal crisis Obama's policies were supposed to produce?
The difference between establishment Republicans and the likes of Trump, in other words, isn't so much the substance of what they say as the tone; we're supposed to consider Jeb Bush, Marco Rubio, or Paul Ryan moderate because they insinuate their conspiracy theories rather than bellowing them and talk voodoo economics with a straight face. But why should we be surprised if the GOP base doesn't see why this makes them more plausible?
Employees who accumulate large balances in their 401(k) plans often feel a sense of security because their retirement savings look like it will be able to carry them through retirement. But the tax consequences that may come when money is withdrawn from them can be greater than anticipated in some cases, and having the majority of your tax savings in your company's retirement plan can be a disadvantage for those who are trying to get into a lower tax bracket at retirement.
Required Distribution Issues
Savers who are forced to start taking required minimum distributions (RMDs) at age 70 ½ may find themselves in a higher tax bracket if their RMDs are substantial. This is especially true for those who are also receiving a pension or other guaranteed form of retirement income, such as from an annuity. And this income can also affect the taxation of their Social Security benefits in many cases, because the income threshold for this factor is fairly low. (For more, see: An Overview of Retirement Plan RMDs.)
Single and head of household filers will have to start reporting their Social Security benefits if they receive at least $25,000 of other income, and for joint filers the threshold is $32,000. These limits are easy to exceed for many retirees, and this can cause up to 85% of their Social Security benefits to show up on their tax returns each year. Someone with a 401(k) balance of $1 million who takes out 5% of their account value each year will report $50,000 of taxable income right off the bat. This is in addition to any other sources of income, such as from a job, taxable investment income such as dividends, interest and capital gains and Social Security. These can easily combine to bump the retiree up well into the 25% tax bracket.
Reducing Distributions
There are a couple of things that you can do to reduce the amount of taxable distributions that you must take from your 401(k) plan. If you are a charitably-minded individual, you can direct the money that you take from your plan directly to a qualified 501(c)3 organization and exclude that amount from your income each year. Congress finally made this option permanent this year, so you won't have to wait until the last minute again to see whether they extend it again. The person in the example above could direct half of their income to a charity and possibly keep themselves under the income threshold for taxation of Social Security benefits. You also don't have to itemize deductions to do this, as it is considered an exclusion instead of a deduction. However, if you do take the distribution and report it as income, then you could still take a deduction for donating that amount to charity. You may also then be able to add in all of your other itemized expenses and reduce your taxable income by a larger amount.
Roth Conversions
If you have a year after you stop working where your income is exceptionally low, such as the year after the year in which you retire, but haven't begun receiving Social Security benefits then you may be wise to convert some or all of your 401(k) balance to a Roth IRA. This will benefit you in several ways. First, you can use credits or deductions that you are entitled to that might otherwise go unused to pay the tax on at least a portion of your conversion. Then you will have reduced the balance on which your RMDs will be calculated from then on. You will also have a pool of tax-free income that you can draw on whenever you like for the rest of your life.
The Bottom Line
After our last post we received some very interesting feedback from various parties and one point that was made was that of what of other dialects?
It's a fair point but we would say that if we support our own dialect before it's to late and share our experiences with others then surely that can only be a good thing. From a personal point Dorset is what we know and have grown up with and as such we must attempt to save those parts of the Dorset heritage that we feel most strongly about, we are not suggesting for a moment that we have all the answers but at least we are trying to make a difference.
There is also an unexpected benefit from this project, that of oral history from senior members of our community from which we have learnt a great deal about crafts, family history and social interactions, secondly when we have visited places such as the Future Roots Gentlemen's Club and recording conversations the people involved have benefited by social interaction, and a feeling that their experience of life matters to all of us. I should point out people like David England who is pictured below who has loved reciting their poetry to us, they used to create poetry in their head whilst at work and return home where their wife would write it down as David could not write.
We would like to see a time when the use of Dorset Dialect is accepted and encouraged as part of Dorset life again, there does seem to be a lot of interest as this blog as received over 2000 views since september 2014. We hope that you will continue to support us and follow this blog.
50.732353 -2.450795
Advertisements
If we were ever to get to the bottom of actual collusion in the course of the 2016 election, it would be that of the Democrats with the Fusion GPS smear outfit. Kim Strassel's Wall Street Journal column updates the story of the appearance of two Fusion GPS principals before the House Intelligence Committee. In “The case of Fusion GPS,” I noted the intention of company witnesses to claim the Fifth Amendment privilege against self-incrimination to maintain their silence. They refuse to tell the committee who paid for the infamous Trump Dossier or whom their clients were. Kim now reports that they proceeded to do just that on Thursday. In the heart of their column Kim explains:
[Fusion GPS is] the firm behind the infamous “dossier” accusing Donald Trump of not just unbecoming behavior but also colluding with Russia. Republicans are investigating whether the Fusion dossier was influenced by Russians, and whether American law enforcement relied on that disinformation for its own probe.
But Fusion's secret weapon in its latest operation is the Democratic Party, whose most powerful members have made protecting Fusion's secrets their highest priority. Senate Democrats invoked a parliamentary maneuver in July to block temporarily Mr. Browder's public testimony. Rep. Adam Schiff, the Democratic ranking member on the Intelligence Committee, has been engineering flaps to undercut and obstruct Mr. Nunes's investigation. Democrats on the House Ethics Committee have deep-sixed what was meant to be a brief inquiry to clear Mr. Nunes so as to keep them sidelined.
Then there is the intel committee's meeting this week. Despite the spin, forcing Fusion to appear was Republicans' only recourse after months of stonewalling. Fusion's letter ludicrously claimed that Mr. Nunes's subpoenas were invalid, which essentially forced the committee to show otherwise. It was a question of authority.
Florida Rep. Tom Rooney put the Fusion attendees through a series of questions not out of spite but to clarify finally just what topics the firm is refusing to talk about. The Fifth Amendment doesn't provide protection against answering all questions. It only protects against providing self-incriminating evidence. It is therefore revealing that Fusion took the Fifth on every topic—from its relationship with British spook Christopher Steele, to the history of its work, to its role in the dossier.
The untold story is the Democrats' unprecedented behavior. Mr. Rooney had barely started when committee staffers for Mr. Schiff interrupted, accused them of badgering witnesses, and suggested they were acting unethically. Jaws dropped. Staff do not interrupt members of congress. They do not accuse them of misbehavior. And they certainly do not act as defense attorneys for witnesses. No Democratic lawmakers had bothered to come to the hearing to police this circus, and Mr. Rooney told me that they “won't be doing any more interviews without a member from the minority present.”
Private-sector lawyers also tend not to accuse members of congress of unethical behavior, as Mr. Levy did in their letter to Mr. Nunes. But Fusion's legal eagle must feel safe. He's former general counsel to the Senate's minority leader, Chuck Schumer. They have also, I'm told by people familiar with the committee's activities, more than once possessed information that they would have had no earthly means of knowing, since it was secret committee business. Consider that: Democratic members of Congress or their staff providing sensitive details of an investigation to a company to which the committee has given subpoenas.
Pierre Gasly says the Red Bull RB11 feels very similar to the Toro STR10 after driving both Renault-powered cars during this week's Barcelona test.
The Frenchman enjoyed their maiden F1 outing on Tuesday when they racked up 131 laps with Toro Rosso to finish seventh on the opening day of in-season testing.
Having described their debut as “exceptional”, Gasly then switched to Red Bull for day two at Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya. After completing 75 laps, the GP2 racer set the third fastest time, just over 0.6s behind pace setter Jolyon Palmer.
“To be honest, the difference is really small,” replied Gasly when asked to compare both cars.
“In terms of lap time it is pretty much the same. So there were some small differences but also the conditions were a bit different to yesterday – the wind was not in the same way.
“Overall I felt better, so I am pretty happy about it, and about the balance of the car, I would say it is very similar between the two cars.”
Toro Rosso regular drivers Max Verstappen and Carlos Sainz created quite a stir at Sepang earlier this season when they outraced the two sister cars of Daniel Ricciardo and Daniil Kvyat in the Malaysian Grand Prix.
The all-rookie pairing then sprung another surprise when they outqualified both RB11s at Circuit de Barcelona-Catalunya last Saturday. These results led Ricciardo to claim that the Renault power unit was not the sole reason why Red Bull was struggling in 2015.
Although they had never sampled any F1 machinery before, Gasly's comments seem to indicate that there is indeed little to choose between the two Red Bull-branded cars, despite Milton Keynes having a much bigger budget than Faenza.
Click here for Wednesday's gallery from testing at the Circuit de Catalunya
Keep up to date with all the F1 news via Facebook and Twitter
Twenty years ago the first Earth Summit in Rio de Janeiro marked the ascension of environmentalism as a political force in international affairs. That conference in 1992 produced the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change and the Convention on Biological Diversity. At the time, Chris Flavin of the Worldwatch Institute crowed, “You cannot go to any corner of the globe and not find some degree of environmental awareness and some amount of environmental politics.” Flavin added that with socialism in disrepute, environmentalism is now the “most powerful political ideal today.” At the conclusion of the Rio +20 Earth Summit, it is clear that that is no longer so.
The largest United Nations conference ever—featuring more than 50,000 participants from 188 nations —was a flop. For most of the environmentalist ideologues at the Rio +20 conference the only question was whether it was a “hoax” or a “failure.” Oxfam chief executive Barbara Stocking preferred "hoax" while "failure" was Greenpeace spokesperson Kumi Naidoo's dismissive term.
In response to outcomes of the Rio conference, more than a thousand environmentalist and leftist groups signed a petition entitled The Future We Don't Want. That is a play on the title of the platitudinous outcome document, The Future We Want, agreed to by the diplomats at the end of the conference. Greenpeace's Kumi Naidoo lamely vowed that disappointed environmentalists would now engage in acts of civil disobedience in order to bring about the world they want.
Should the people of the world be disappointed by the “failure” of the Rio +20 United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development? No. First of all, sustainable development as a concept is a Rorschach blot. The canonical version reads: "Development that meets the needs of the present without compromising the ability of future generations to meet their own needs." This has no specific meaning and can be used by anyone to mean anything that they would like. So it is not at all surprising that the representatives from 190 rich and poor nations meeting in Rio de Janeiro could not agree on anything substantive with regard to sustainable development.
Nevertheless, since the first Earth Summit, the world has experienced a lot of development. In 1992, 46 per cent of the world's population lived in absolute poverty (defined as income equivalent to less than $1.25 per day). Today that is down to 27 percent. In addition, average life expectancy has increased by three and a half years.
At the Rio +20 Earth Summit, environmentalists and the leaders of poor countries were hoping to shake down the rich countries for hundreds of billions in official development assistance annually. However, most of the actual development achieved over the past two decades was not the result of official development assistance (a.k.a. taxpayer dollars) from rich countries being sent to poor countries. In fact, some researchers have found [PDF] that development aid often actually retards economic growth and “has an insignificant or minute negative significant impact on per-capita income.” Why? Largely because the aid is stolen by the kleptocrats who run many poor countries and the rest is “invested” in projects that are not profitable. So what has produced so much improvement in the lot of poor people in developing countries since the first Earth Summit 20 years ago?
“Remember in the 1960s, official development assistance accounted for 70 percent of the capital flows to developing nations, but today it amounts to only 13 percent, while at the same time, development budgets have actually increased,” explained U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton at the Rio +20 Conference. “Why is that? Well, you know very well. Because while continuing to provide assistance, the private sector investments, using targeted resources and smart policies, have catalyzed more balanced, inclusive, sustainable growth.” Summary: The way to development is trade, not aid.
After a week spent listening to environmentalist hopes and objectives, one particularly puzzling and disturbing activist brainchild emerged and that is their undertaking to maintain and expand open access commons. Many participants at the People's Summit, which was run by 200 activist groups in parallel to the official summit, evidently do believe that property is theft. In the original Marxist version capitalism would collapse as its “contradictions” mounted. In the Green update capitalism will collapse as its pollution mounts. For lots of the hardcore, the solution to environmental problems is a kind of eco-socialism in which nature is not “privatized” or “commodified.” This trend in environmentalist thinking might be called “commonism.”
Looking across the globe, it is the case that various aggregate environmental measures have deteriorated. Since 1992, the United Nations Environment Program (UNEP) claims [PDF] that biodiversity has declined by 12 percent, 740 million acres of primary forests have been cut down, and 85 percent of the all the fish stocks in the oceans are overexploited, depleted, recovering, or fully depleted. Are environmental calamities the result of rapacious capitalism? Not really. The same report notes that 80 percent of the world's forests, which harbor the bulk of the world's biodiversity, are government owned. In most parts of the world, government-owned nets out to owned by no one. Essentially these aspects of nature already exist in the commons for which many environmental commonists are agitating. As Sarah Palin might ask, “How's that working out for you?” Not too well if the UNEP data are to be believed.
The fact is that in nearly every place where what most people would regard as an environmental problem is occurring, it is happening in an open access commons. A river is polluted? No one owns it and stands ready to protect it. Forest is being cut? Same problem. Overfishing? Yes. A water shortage? Yes, again. Empirically, calling for the enlargement or re-imposition of a common with respect to an environmental resource or amenity is tantamount to calling for its slow destruction.
Countries with strong property rights generally see environmental improvement, e.g., air and water pollution are declining, fishery stocks are stable, and forests are expanding. First, because owners protect their resources since they directly suffer the costs and consequences of not doing so. And a second indirect effect is that countries with strong property rights are more prosperous and can thus afford to bear the costs of environmental regulations, even inefficient ones, applied to those environmental commons that still remain.
Looking back the failure of environmentalism as an ideology looks inevitable since has misconstrued the causes of many of the problems to which it claims to have a solution. At the close of the Rio +20 Earth Summit last Friday, environmentalism reached its highwater mark and is now ebbing as a political force internationally. It will be interesting to see in which direction those cherishing a permanent animus against democratic capitalism will go.
Science Correspondent Ronald Bailey is the author of Liberation Biology (Prometheus).
Served with a red wine reduction sauce, this homemade Japanese hamburger steak (Hambagu) recipe is big on flavors. The meat is juicy and melts in your mouth. Perfect in a hot frying pan or summer grill outs!
I still remember vividly how my mom and I spent many evenings making Japanese Hamburger Steak or Hambagu (ハンバーグ). If I was home, they would call me around 4:30 PM and always encouraged my presence in the kitchen. Unless I was in the middle of a novel that I couldn't stop reading, I didn't mind helping them out most of the time. That's how I learned cooking Japanese food from them
Japanese Hamburger Steak, or we call it Hambāgu (ハンバーグ) or Hambāgu Steak (ハンバーグステーキ), is a popular dish enjoyed both at home and at Yoshoku (Japanese style western food) restaurants. It's a steak made from ground meat and usually served with rice rather than buns. While researching facts about Hambāgu on Japanese Wiki, I learned that there is an American version of hamburger steak and it's very similar to a dish called Salisbury Steak, both of which I've never tried before.
The common theme for all these hamburger steaks is that they are made from a blend of minced beef (In Japan, it's both beef and pork) and other ingredients. There are many variations of Hambāgu in Japan, like Wafu Hambāgu (soy sauce base sauce with grated daikon), Teriyaki Hambāgu, Demi-glacé Hambāgu, and more. Not to mention, there are different topping options, such as sautéed shimeji mushrooms and fried egg. But today I'm sharing the basic Hambāgu recipe with a homemade sauce.
As I mentioned earlier, Hambāgu in Japan is typically made from both ground beef and ground pork, and the common ratio is 7 : 3. Japanese supermarkets sell a convenient package of both ground beef and ground pork (we call it Aibiki-Niku 合いびき肉) so that we don't have to buy the meat separately. We use this Aibiki Niku for Korokke, Spaghetti Meat Sauce, and Hambāgu recipes.
Important tips on making perfect hamburger steak
To enhance the flavor of Hambāgu, below are a few important tips which I learned from my mom. I also included a video on how to toss hamburger steak to force out the air pockets.
Sauté onion slowly and then cool it down completely. The cooked onion will add natural sweetness to Hambāgu. Knead the mixture into gruel with hands. Play catch, tossing meat mixture from left hand to right hand a couple of times in order to release the air inside (See video below). Cool down the meat patties in the refrigerator for 30 minutes and take them out only right before cooking. Indent each patty with fingers to avoid explosion or crumbling of the meat patties when you cook. The meat will expand during cooking, and the indentation will disappear.
Video Tutorial: Tossing Japanese Hamburger Steak (Hambagu)
Here is how you toss Japanese hamburger steak to force out the air pockets.
To Serve Japanese Hamburger Steak
You can sear the meat patty in a sizzling hot frying pan to brown the steaks, and then cook the red wine deduction sauce in the same pan. The rich sauce adds another layer of flavor to the already juicy Hambāgu. Serve the steak with a bed of grilled vegetables, you will have a fancy and extra special dinner that doesn't cost a bomb. This is exactly the kind of recipe that calls for a bottle of red wine and a reason to celebrate.
Now before I share the recipe, Mr. JOC will talk about their review on the wine that we pair up with Hambāgu.
When Nami told me they would make Japanese hamburger steaks, I remembered that we received a bottle of 2011 Meiomi Pinot Noir as a gift and thought they might go well together. I wanted to drink something that would refresh my palate from the rich juicy steak. The pairing was just perfect, the Pinot Noir was light and delicate which balanced out the steak and the heavy sauce. Even though the wine was very light, I was quite surprised at how flavorful and fruity it was. Here is an excerpt on the tasting note from the winemaker:
“Bright, deep garnet color. Aromas of cola, blackberries and a sweet cedar note…..Then the wine unloads with flavors of bright cherry, cola, dried leaves undertoned with vanilla, leather and high style oak.”
If you are looking for a fun Pinot Noir to share with friends or to go with Steak/Chicken, give Meiomi a try. You won't be disappointed. 🙂
Don't want to miss a recipe? Sign up for the FREE Just One Cookbook newsletter delivered to your inbox! And stay in touch on Facebook, Google+, Pinterest, and Instagram for all the latest updates. Thank you so much for reading, and till next time!
4.59 from 12 votes Print Hamburger Steak (Hambagu) Prep Time 30 mins Cook Time 25 mins Total Time 55 mins Served with a red wine reduction sauce, this homemade Japanese hamburger steak (Hambagu) recipe is big on flavors. The meat is juicy and melts in your mouth. Perfect in a hot frying pan or summer grill outs! Course: Main Course Cuisine: Japanese Keyword: meat patty Servings : 4 Authors : Nami Ingredients ½ onion (½ onion = 6.8 oz or 192 g)
1 Tbsp neutral flavor oil (vegetable, canola, etc)
¼ tsp salt (kosher or sea salt; use half if using table salt) (for onion)
Freshly ground black pepper
¾ lb ground beef & pork combination (¾ lb = 14 oz or 386 g) (See Notes)
1 large egg
2 Tbsp milk
⅓ cup panko (Japanese breadcrumbs) (⅓ cup = 20 g)
1 tsp salt (kosher or sea salt; use half if using table salt) (for meat mixture)
Freshly ground black pepper
½ tsp nutmeg
1 Tbsp neutral flavor oil (vegetable, canola, etc)
¼ cup red wine Sauce: 1 Tbsp unsalted butter
3 Tbsp red wine
3 Tbsp water
3 Tbsp ketchup
3 Tbsp tonkatsu sauce (or Worcestershire sauce) Instructions Gather all the ingredients. Chop the onion finely. With the knife tip pointing toward the root, slice the onion to within 1/2 inch of the base. Make about 1/4 inch parallel cuts. Then slice the onion horizontally about 1/4 inch parallel cuts. Then cut perpendicular to the first slices you made. If the onions need to be chopped finer, you can run your knife through them in a rocking motion. Be sure to hold down the tip of the knife, otherwise the onions are going to go flying around the room.
Heat oil in a large pan over medium high heat and sauté the onion until translucent. Season with ¼ tsp salt and pepper.
Transfer to a large bowl and let it cool.
Add the meat in the bowl and mix all together.
Add an egg, milk, Panko, 1 tsp salt, black pepper, and nutmeg.
Mix the meat well with your hands until the mixture gets sticky. If you want to keep your hands clean, use rubber gloves or use plastic bags.
Pinch off 2 inches from the mixture and make 4 large patties (or 6 medium patties). Toss each portion from one hand to the other hand repeatedly about 5 times in order to release air inside the mixture (see the video link above). The hamburger steaks will crack while cooking if you don't release the air inside.
Make oval shape patties. The top shouldn't be flat, more like round. Keep in the fridge for at least 30 minutes before cooking so that the meat combines together.
In a large pan, heat oil over medium heat and place the patties gently on the pan. Indent the center of each patty with 2 fingers because the center of patties will rise with heat.
Cook the patties about 5 minutes. Do not flip until nicely browned.
After you flip, pour red wine and lower heat to medium low heat. Cover and cook for 5 minutes to thoroughly cook the inside of the patties (adjust cooking time depending on thickness).
Then uncover and increase heat to medium high to let the red wine evaporate. When it's almost gone, transfer steaks into individual plates. Do not wash the pan.
Combine the liquid sauce ingredients in a bowl.
In the same pan (without cleaning), add butter and sauce ingredients and mix well.
Lower the heat to medium low and let it simmer for a few minutes until alcohol smell is gone. While simmering, you can skim off the scum and fat When the sauce thickens, pour the sauce over the hamburger steaks. Serve the hamburger steak with vegetables over your favorite side dish.
Recipe Notes Ground meat: The good ratio for hambagu is 65% ground beef and 35% ground pork. I usually make with roughly 50-50 for convenience. You can make hambagu with 100% beef, however it will not be as juicy and soft as combined meat. Recipe by Namiko Chen of Just One Cookbook. All images and content on this site are copyright protected. Please do not use my images without my permission. If you'd like to share this recipe on your site, please re-write the recipe and link to this post as the original source. Thank you.
Please note: We received no compensation for this review. We received a bottle of Meiomi from Jarvis Communication free of charge to use in exchange for an honest review.
Editor's Note: The post was originally published on December 17, 2012. The content has been updated on August 2017.
Story highlights U.N.-Arab League calls the Kerry, Lavrov talks "extremely important"
A Russian spokesperson says U.S. is "unaccustomed" to competition
Official: Two sides are "closer to agreement" on scope of Syria's chemical weapons
Even as they trade barbs publicly -- and even as artillery shells and accusations continue to fly in Syria -- the United States and Russia could take solace Friday in at least one respect: They are still talking.
Discussions between the two in Geneva -- centered around Moscow's proposal to have Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's government hand over its chemical weapons stockpile -- were supposed to end Friday. They continued through the night and were extended into Saturday for a reason, U.S. officials said.
"If there was no opening, we wouldn't still be here," a senior State Department official said.
An Obama administration official said separately that "we are coming closer to agreement on the scope of Syria's chemical weapons stockpile."
And even before the Geneva talks' extension was announced, U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov signaled their intent to meet again: on September 24 in New York on the sidelines of the U.N. General Assembly.
The prospect of yet another round of negotiations in the next few weeks pointed to a potentially bigger endgame for the United States and Russia in the hastily arranged meeting they began on Thursday in the Swiss city.
That's not to say all of the many outstanding issues -- on Syria's chemical weapons and much more -- have been resolved.
Senior U.S. administration officials told reporters on condition of not being identified the main sticking point was what consequences al-Assad and their government should face.
These officials have no expectations Russia would agree to any U.N. resolution that included authorization for possible military force against Syria. The United States, therefore, will not insist it be included.
That runs counter to Obama's call for the international community to take action, including a potential military strike, for what the United States and allies call a chemical weapons attack by al-Assad's forces last month outside Syria's capital that they say killed more than 1,400 people.
Obama has threatened to act alone, if necessary, and their administration credits that threat with Russia's surprise proposal last week to have Syria turn over its chemical weapons arsenal to international control.
Outside of the United Nations, however, administration officials insisted they would not take the military threat off the table.
A senior defense official said there has been "no change" in the military's planning or readiness levels and commanders have not been instructed to change their "posture" in any way.
Chemical weapons report expected Monday
The United Nations -- and especially its Security Council, including permanent members the United States, Russia, China, France and Britain -- could play a key role in the international community's response to Syria. And a report by its inspectors looking into an August 21 chemical weapons attack outside Damascus could be pivotal in guiding where countries come down on the issue.
U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-mooon is expected to present the report to the Security Council at 11 a.m. Monday, three diplomatic sources said. Ban said Friday that they believe it "will be an overwhelming report that chemical weapons were used."
The big questions are by whom and, if that's settled, what the world should do about it.
Al-Assad and other Syrian officials have vehemently denied their forces were responsible, despite assertions by Obama and others to the contrary.
Russia has stood by its longtime ally Syria, challenging the validity of the U.S. claims. At the same time, and as the threat of U.S.-led strikes loomed, Moscow raised its proposal on Syria's chemical weapons stockpiles and working through the U.N. -- this after, time and again, blocking U.N. action involving Syria.
Al-Assad quickly agreed, leading to the talks between Kerry and Lavrov in Geneva that began Thursday. Syria also told the United Nations on Thursday that it has sent the paperwork for joining the Chemical Weapons Convention, which bans such armaments.
The Syrian submission was being reviewed by U.N. lawyers. If deemed sufficient, Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon would register it and Syria would officially be a member state in the convention.
U.N. envoy: U.S.-Russia talks 'extremely important'
At first, the Geneva talks were about Russia's proposal Monday for Syria to give up control of its chemical weapons, which the United States had demanded in order for Obama to drop plans to launch military strikes.
Now the stakes have gotten higher, with Kerry telling reporters that progress in the broader peace process will largely depend on whether the current Geneva negotiations on Syria's chemical weapons succeed.
A communique from last year's Syrian peace talks attended by all parties called for a ceasefire and establishing a fully inclusive transitional government to write a new constitution.
That went nowhere, however. In fact, the U.N. estimates more than 100,000 people have been killed since the civil war began in 2011, in addition to more than 2 million becoming refugees and over 4 million being displaced within Syria.
Lakhdar Brahimi, the joint U.N.-Arab League envoy on Syria, expressed fresh hopes Friday that a peaceful, political solution to end the war could be reached. Kerry and Lavrov's talks were a big reason for their optimism, with Brahimi calling them "extremely important" -- not regarding chemical weapons, but for the peace process generally.
'A criminal act'
To keep up pressure on al-Assad, Obama on Friday described last month's chemical weapons attack a "criminal" act. Ban weighed in as well, saying the Syrian leader "has committed many crimes against humanity, and therefore I am sure there will be surely a process of accountability when everything is over."
U.S. officials say the mere existence of talks with Russia on the matter is progress, noting that such a prospect would not have been considered just a week ago due to Moscow's repeated efforts to block U.N. action against Syria.
Speaking to reporters Friday after they and Lavrov met with Brahimi, Kerry called the talks about Syria's chemical weapons "constructive."
"We are working hard to find common ground to be able to make that happen. And we discussed some of the homework that we both need to do," Kerry said.
Lavrov said Russia had promoted a peaceful solution to Syria's civil war, adding that the communique agreed to in last year's first round of peace talks involving all the parties had been "basically abandoned."
President Barack Obama addressed the nation about Syria on Tuesday.
On chemical weapons, Lavrov said international officials had to work together "to design a road which would make sure that this issue is resolved quickly, professionally, as soon as practical."
Getting chemical weapons fraught with challenges
Even if all parties agree, weapons experts say the already major challenge of putting Syria's chemical stockpile under international control would be extremely difficult, if not impossible, amid an active civil war.
Syria this week acknowledged that it possesses chemical weapons and wants to join the global convention that bans them.
CNN's Nick Paton Walsh reports that the convention would become legally binding on Syria 30 days after it formally joins, meaning al-Assad's government would have to permit inspections at that time.
After another 30 days -- which would be 60 days from when it formally joined the convention -- Syria would have to declare its chemical weapons stockpiles.
On Thursday, al-Assad noted that joining the convention would give Syria the standard 30 days from compliance to declare its stockpiles, but Kerry responded by expressing concern about that long a time period, saying "we believe there is nothing standard about this process."
At the State Department on Friday, spokesperson Marie Harf said that "verifying, accounting for securing and destroying a large stockpile of chemical weapons takes time," adding that "it's very difficult to do, particularly in an active war zone."
"If we keep forward momentum, if we believe there's a credible and verifiable plan on the table to do just that, we'll keep moving forward with that process, because resolving this issue diplomatically is certainly preferable to resolving it or to dealing with it with military action," Harf said.
Political hurdles
Obama had tried to put together a NATO coalition to attack Syria, but the British Parliament voted against taking part, denying them a normally reliable ally. Other allies said they wanted U.N. authorization in the form of a Security Council resolution before they would join a coalition.
The president then asked Congress to authorize a military response in Syria but appeared in danger of losing that vote until the Russian proposal Monday provided a diplomatic opening.
In a speech to the nation Tuesday night, Obama made moral and strategic arguments for taking action on Syria, challenging Congress and the American public to look at video footage of victims of the chemical attack.
Russian President Vladimir Putin responded with an op-ed posted Wednesday night on the New York Times' website, saying "there is every reason to believe" Syrian troops weren't responsible, while challenging Washington and the idea of "American exceptionalism."
Their remarks provoked a strong reaction in the United States, with some U.S. politicians deeming them insulting and sickening. But rather than step back, Putin spokesperson Dmitry Peskov fired back by claiming Washington was "unaccustomed (to) competition" in global matters and has "grown too used to patting everyone on the back patronizingly."
Other questions loom in Washington.
One has to do with the Syrian opposition, some of whom are already receiving U.S.-funded weapons and ammunition, according to a U.S. official. Yet there are some questions about the mix of moderates and Islamist extremists among the rebels, including some who are affiliated with al Qaeda.
Then there's the issue of Syria's chemical weapons themselves, and whether it's possible to track all of them down.
Some U.S. intelligence analysts believe it's known where most of Syria's stockpile is stored, according to two U.S. officials familiar with internal discussions. But others say the United States might not be able to verify the location of up to 50% of them.
Friends of Marine Le Pen say that one of their familiar gestures is what you might call the fruit-machine pull. A downward tug of the right arm, fist clenched, in imitation of a person playing a one-armed bandit. In English it might be accompanied by the word “kerching!”. They have been making the gesture a lot recently. Because the kerchings keep on coming. “At exactly the moment Marine completed their de-demonisation process, events started happening on the world stage that push voters in their direction,” says columnist Cecile Cornudet. Brexit and Donald Trump's victory are two pieces of news that FN strategists could have dreamed of only in their wildest imaginings. “The UK is our best advertisement,” says Marine's friend Jean-Lin Lacapelle. “As for Trump... if it is OK for an American president to push for protection and immigration controls, then it is OK in France as well.”
Brexit campaigner Nigel Farage with Donald Trump in August 2016, Mississippi, USA
(AP)
But one question keeps coming back. How far-right is the National Front? In an FN-run France, walls go up. Foreigners and foreign goods are kept out. Brussels is pushed to the margin. The franc returns, and France comes first. According to veteran commentator Alain Duhamel, it is “a former party of the far right that has become a populist party with instincts that are xenophobic and authoritarian”. For the party's Steeve Briois, “far-right is not a term we accept. It makes an automatic link with Hitler, which is why our enemies use it.
We prefer patriotic, protectionist, national. Not national-ist. That sounds aggressive. And populist we like too.” Steeve Briois, FN mayor of Henin-Beaumont
In its economic plan the FN has swung far to the left, with anti-austerity and protectionist policies that are a clear signal to the working class. That leftward shift prompted the resignation of the former adviser to Marine Le Pen, who says the FN is “nationalist, populist and socialist. Not national-socialist - that has certain historical connotations. But social-nationalist.” What everyone would agree on is that the FN has built its programme around the idea of the nation - “national” identity and values.
Marine Le Pen casting their vote
in France's 2015 regional elections
(EPA)
Marine Le Pen says they are “not against immigrants, but against immigration” - because any nation needs first to look after the people who are its citizens. But for the FN's enemies, the nation-first answer is wrong, dangerous and a betrayal of France's mission to the world. “It is about universal values,” says Liberation's Joffrin. “Do they exist or not? I understand that when times are bad people want to return to their roots. That is why this national ideology is returning.”
But our duty is to go above that - to think of the values that matter for all human beings. The trouble is that these days, that is a very hard sell.” Laurent Joffrin, editor of Liberation
SAN ANTONIO -- A mother whose child opened up about being transgender is leading the charge for more acceptance and education of transgender people.
Belinda Trevino's son, Mason, was born female but they said that looking at Mason growing up, they felt they were born in the wrong body.
When they were in high school, they took a drive together and Mason opened up to them Mason told them they felt like a boy.
"The first thing I said was ‘What took you so long to tell me?' They really didn't have an answer,” Belinda recalled. “I think they were just scared if I was going to accept them or not.”
"Whenever I would meet people, I would, of course, want them to like me for how I was. But it felt like I was showing them not my full self," Mason said.
Trevino decided they wanted to help their son and other transgender people. They started the “Be Human” campaign online to provide support for them and their families. Trevino is hoping that, one day, their campaign will become a non-profit.
They want to provide scholarships for other transgender people to pay for their reconstructive surgeries.
"It's just so important for me to start #BeHuman as a campaign and into a charity because I want to be able to help other families and other kids. 'Cause I don't want them to feel alone,” Belinda said. “You should never have to feel alone going through this journey.”
Mason started hormone therapy this year and is raising money to get reconstructive surgery in December. The surgery is not covered under medical insurance and is estimated to be $6,000.
"Obviously it's not life threatening. My life is not going to be in danger if I stop doing these things,” Mason said. “But the fulfillment of my life and living a life I want to live, in that way, it's kind of life-threatening.”
The Trevinos have started a GoFundMe page to raise money for additional medical procedures.
For more information on Trevino and Mason's campaign, visit Facebook.com/behumancc.
With crispy skin of an obviously artificial hue, the KFC Double Down was initially launched as an April Fool's prank in 2010. But the allure of the sandwich, a piece of fried chicken topped with melted cheese and special sauce slapped between two pieces of fried chicken (in the place of a bun), proved so ineluctable, the valence of absurdity was dissolved. The Double Down quickly became a legitimate meal-choice for millions of consumers. Over 10m were sold in the US in its first month alone, and after being taken off the menu in late 2010, it returned to the market in 2014.
If that storyline sounds familiar – a joke candidate mutated into a nightmare reality – it isn't just because of the US election cycle. Across the world, as food has transitioned from fuel into spectacle and its production from individuals to profit-driven corporations, we have edged toward the extremes of what we can be convinced we want to eat. Good taste was once a virtue. Now it is a sign of weakness.
Good taste was once a virtue. Now it is a sign of weakness
The names of recent popular shock foods read like an cadavre exquis of foodstuff. Besides the Double Down, one can engorge on Taco Bell's Nacho Cheese Doritos Taco Loco Supreme, a taco whose burrito shell has been replaced with molded Doritos; Jack in the Box's Big Waffle Stack, being two eggs, bacon, ham and cheese twixt a pair of waffles; and Pizza Hut's infamous hot-dog crust pizza. A New York pizzeria just debuted a pizza inside a box made of pizza. And just last week, Burger King rolled out the Mac n' Cheetos, deep fried sticks of cheese and macaroni enrobed in a Cheeto-flavoured crust.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Taco Bell's Doritos Locos tacos. Photograph: Bloomberg/Bloomberg via Getty Images
But it isn't just this orgiastic edible entanglement of trademarks that makes this sort of shock foods notable. It's the athletic and imaginative positions they assume. Adjacency is too demure. Cheetos cannot be served beside macaroni, or Doritos next to tacos. One must actually be inside the other. The chicken is inside the chicken. The filling inside the chip. The noodle is inside the dust. What is Burger King's Mac-and-Cheetos if not a modern-day Kama Sutra of stunt food?
Though this trend is most pronounced in America, it is not confined to their shores. In 2014, Burger King Japan unveiled a massively popular black Kuro Burger, whose bun was made black with bamboo charcoal and squid ink. This was in addition to its Aka Samurai Burger, with a bun and cheese tinted red with tomato powder. In 2012, Pizza Hut launched its hot dog pizza in the UK. But there is no denying that this particular genre of shock and awe food is at its root American.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Burger King's black burgers have black buns and cheese smoked with bamboo charcoal and black sauce made of squid ink. Photograph: Keith Tsuji/Getty Images
There is something affecting, tragic and impressive about our obsession with maximizing every element. Once, bread was the neutral container for a cheeseburger, a tortilla adequate coverage for its insides and pizza crust the suitable platform for a pizza. But such is the American genius for innovation, those areas were soon deemed unacceptably underutilized. No longer content to play support roles, they became profit-centers, rich with unexplored opportunity. This shouldn't come as a surprise. This is what America has always done. After all, wasn't it only a matter of time after colonization, the privatization of public utilities, the outsourcing of war to contractors, the dawn of the gig economy, that we came to see a roll not as an integral part of a sandwich but an unexploited opportunity for more protein and profit?
Part of what drives this race toward ever stranger more over-the-top offerings is, perhaps unsurprisingly, money. As the Washington Post noted, as traditional fast food chains compete with fast-casual restaurants like Chipotle and Panera, they have one of two options. Either they can strive to be healthier or they can double down on the calorific extravagance. McDonald's, which recently debuted an all-organic burger, chose the path of restraint: Burger King and KFC chose the path of abandon. There can be no quibbling that as a marketing strategy, spectacularizing food works spectacularly. Taco Bell sold over $1bn worth of Dorito Loco Tacos. The Double Down generated more than $50m in sales for KFC. Burger King's latest gimmick has already generated millions in earned media and probably in sales as well.
But the real draw isn't just P&L. After all, if stunt foods didn't work so well, there wouldn't be so many of them. The fault, rather, is not to be found in the drive-through but in our drive to find meaning and that is nothing new. Though we are now wading into unchartered territory in terms of execution, our giddy attraction to the extremes has long been with us.
Until now, we had challenged ourselves with volume and capacity. Who can forget John Candy in The Great Outdoors, who was given the task of downing a 96oz steak in the hopes of a free meal? Today, that steak would be wrapped, maybe, in a Dorito-dusted waffle and deep-fried but generally, one still gins up a life purpose by any means necessary. Sisyphus had their rock. Candy had their cow. And we, well, we have a tube of macaroni-and-cheese fried with a bright orange Cheeto crust.
Episode 157 Resilient Gardens
On today's show I talk about resilient gardens and just what – in my mind – constitutes a resilient garden. Furthermore, what can you do to make your garden more resilient this year?
Most people who complain about pests and weeds do so because they failed to plan and to build their garden in a way that makes it resilient.
Permaculture principle – Creatively use and respond to change. “Vision is not seeing things as they are but as they will be.”
A resilient garden should be able to stand up to anything. There are certain devices and certain things that can be done but all in all a resilient garden has a combination of features that make it resistant or easily adaptable to change. You don't build a garden planning for any one thing but when you add some of these features you make it ready for anything.
Planning – is the key element when making a resilient garden but most people take the plan only to its best conclusion which is that I put things in at the right time and I get what I desire back out. We have to account for loss in our plan as well. So for me its always important to plant more than I think I need for redundancy's sake. I am very clumsy so I kill some plants just through error. But you have to be a little bit paranoid and you have to see through the logical conclusions of certain actions.
Something that goes along with planning is timing. Time things correctly! No matter if you are planting around pest infestations, last frost or rain with perennials. Take the time to think out what you are doing so you act at the appropriate time.
Polyculture – its commonly cited as a way to prevent pest. On the Backwoods Home Radio interview I was on I spoke about how its like putting your plants in supermarket aisles. This is bad for preventing predation obviously. But also if a tree falls on your garden or part gets flooded you don't lose all of one crop.
Diversity – Goes hand in hand with polyculture but also varying plantings makes a lot of sense. But not just planting you are also drawing in wildlife. People need to gain more faith in this realm but when you allow all types of life into your garden it will balance out. You won't have weeds or pests or anything. IT WILL ALL WORK OUT IN THE END!
Insects and weeds are a good thing!
Choices – Picking the right plants or livestock varieties for your needs and conditions. When there is a choice to plant something novel that is succeptible or something plain that is resistant always choose the plain thing! Its better to have guaranteed results rather than uncertain ones.
Many people choose heirloom seeds because they have a history of lasting. Hybrid seeds are cool but they don't seem to be very resistant to me (other people may have different experiences). I usually go with OP without regard for heirloom status. I know of different people trying to bring back old heirlooms and are finding out why they became near extinct in the first place. No resiliency!
When you know you are going to have a problem with something work around it. I know I'm in deer and raccoon country so I can plant a ton of corn and let them eat it – or I can plant something like sunflowers. Sunflowers won't be eaten so easily and when the doves fly in September I'll have my shotgun out. I'm still constantly surprised by people who tell me that deer ate their corn and that they are going to try again next year.
I like fences and protections but these are almost always only mostly effective. The deer only need to succeed one time and jump your fence to destroy your crop.
You should build the garden plan to resist anything but especially when you are aware of things you are more succeptible too you should also focus on those areas to get good results.
Involvement – A resilient garden is one that includes you and your family. Being in the garden and seeing what is going on helps you more than anything adapt to the changes coming. If you can't see the change you can't adjust. It doesn't mean you constantly have to be working on it. Just observing. When you see plants having a tough time make changes but more importantly find out and understand WHY they are having a tough time.
Inputs – It's not just about making sure your inputs are not coming from a store or having to be repurchased every year its about making sure they are the best to be resilient. Saving seeds from your own stock means the seeds survived your conditions and neglect. They are the best most adapted seeds to YOU. Using fertilizer and pesticide does not make a resilient garden.
CHARLESTON, S.C. (Reuters) - A breakaway group of Episcopal churches in South Carolina can retain its diocese name after leaving the U.S. Episcopal Church and keep historic church real estate worth $500 million, a judge has ruled.
The Diocese of South Carolina, which consists of dozens of parishes, broke away in 2012 after the larger organization moved to ordain gay clergy and bless same-sex marriages.
In a ruling on Tuesday, Circuit Court Judge Diane Goodstein said the diocese had the right to leave, and they rejected the Episcopal Church's argument that it had legal interest in the diocese's property.
The diocese owns real estate including historic properties such as St. Philip's Church, first built in 1681, and St. Michael's Church, built the following century, both in Charleston, according to court documents.
Thomas Tisdale, diocesan chancellor for the Episcopal Church in South Carolina, which includes 30 parishes and mission churches still affiliated with the national church, said the judge's decision was not unexpected and that their group will push for an appeal.
The breakaway diocese sued in January 2013 in an effort to prevent the national church and affiliated local parishes from seizing its valuable property.
Mark Lawrence, bishop of the breakaway Diocese of South Carolina, said it was ready to move on after getting the ruling in its favor.
“This has never been about exclusion,” they said in a statement. “It's about the freedom to practice and proclaim faith in Jesus Christ as it has been handed down to us.”
The Episcopal Church had about 1.8 million members in the United States as of 2013, according to church data. Several conservative congregations in other states have also split from the U.S. church and wound up in court over property disputes.
In the South Carolina case, a non-jury trial was held in rural St. George last year. Goodstein said they considered evidence that included testimony from 59 witnesses and more than 1,200 trial exhibits before issuing their written findings.
The diocese, formed in 1785, also left the national church during the Civil War to affiliate with the Confederate States of America, and then rejoined, Goodstein noted in their ruling.
In 1973, the diocese incorporated as an independent nonprofit, its spokesperson Joy Hunter said.
Anybody who smokes pot knows that the mouth tends to get a little dry after smoke sessions.
But according to to Dr. Julie Holland, author of Moody Bitches: The Truth About the Drugs You're Taking, The Sleep You're Missing, The Sex You're Not Having, and What's Really Making You Crazy, marijuana can also have the same effect on lady parts.
“[Vaginal dryness is] exactly like dry mouth. It's the same thing. It's the drying of the mucus membranes,” Holland says in an interview with VICE. “Now not all pot is going to give you dry mouth, but if you have had a strain that is giving you dry mouth, it will also make you more dry [down there].”
The phenomenon has become an issue that has sparked internet forums and even a new Urban Dictionary entry for “cotton vagina.”
Holland cites one of the only studies available on pot's correlation to dry vaginas, explaining why there's such little research on the topic.
“There aren't that many articles,” Holland told VICE. “Think about what drives research. Drug companies pay for research so they can develop new drugs, and the government pays for research if something is dangerous. This is a situation where no one is going to do research on this.”
Despite marijuana's natural way of depleting vaginal moisture, Holland praises the new pot-infused female sex lubricant Foria for its use of coconut oil.
“…I think that coconut oil is excellent for lubrication. I've had patients tell me, I've had friends tell me, it is better than any other lube they've tried,” Holland told VICE. “I talk about coconut oil in Moody Bitches. I am a big proponent of coconut oil as a lubricant. I think the coconut oil base may be part of Foria's charm.”
Marijuana-induced vaginal dryness might be a new world problem, but can easily be remedied. Just use coconut oil for your cotton vagina as you would Big Gulp for your cottonmouth.
RELATED NEWS: SMELL THE TRUTH INTERVIEWS FORIA'S FOUNDER FOR OUR PODCAST, THE HASH
Postgres 9.5 RC1 was launched very recently (18th December 2015). So it's time to take some of the new features for a test drive.
The one that really caught my attention for some time is UPSERT. This basically allows you to perform an action like "create or update" in a very easy and thread safe manner.
It does so by extending the INSERT command to accept an ON CONFLICT DO clause. This clause specifies an alternative behaviour to be executed in case there would be a duplicate violation.
Lets say we have a table where we store how many times a user viewed a post. When a user views a post for the first time we create a new row with a counter set to 1. On subsequent views, we increment that counter.
We create the table with the following command.
postgres=# CREATE TABLE views (user_id INT, post_id INT, view_count INT); CREATE TABLE
Next we need to add a unique constraint on user_id and post_id .
postgres=# CREATE UNIQUE INDEX ON views (user_id, post_id);
Now comes the fun part. The user 10 just viewed the post 45 for the first time. We execute the following query.
postgres=# INSERT INTO views VALUES (10, 45, 1) ON CONFLICT (user_id, post_id) DO UPDATE SET view_count = views.view_count + 1;
Note the ON CONFLICT (user_id, post_id) DO . We're specifying an alternative behaviour in case there's a conflict with the attributes user_id and post_id , same as we specified in our unique index.
The views table now looks like this:
postgres=# SELECT * FROM views; user_id | post_id | view_count ---------+---------+------------ 10 | 45 | 1 (1 row)
Now the user 10 is opening the post 45 again. What do we do? We just execute exactly same query. But now Postgres will detect a conflict and execute the alternative behaviour, in this case, increment the view counter.
postgres=# INSERT INTO views VALUES (10, 45, 1) ON CONFLICT (user_id, post_id) DO UPDATE SET view_count = views.view_count + 1; INSERT 0 1 postgres=# SELECT * FROM views; user_id | post_id | view_count ---------+---------+------------ 10 | 45 | 2 (1 row)
And the counter just got incremented to 2.
If all you wanted was to make sure you're not inserting duplicates without sending any errors back to your user. You could also specify NOTHING as the alternative behaviour. This way Postgres will just return as the insert was successful without changing anything.
This can be very handy in many different situations. And it's specially great to have all the concurrency edge cases handled by the database, so there's less complexity for the application layer.
You can learn more about this new feature on:
Hi there, I'm Kristijan Trajkovski, the programmer from Dark-1.
As you may or may not know, we're working on Odium: To the core, which is a single-button, music-based, floating game where you need to follow a level which is synchronized with our original soundtrack. Traps, gates, coins and other interactive cosmetics in the levels trigger some kind of function at certain times during the soundtrack. In this post, I'll explain how this works, and how you could use it in your game.
In our very first game jam prototype on the Global Game Jam Skopje back in 2013, we had an animation where we just added events that were changing the speed at certain keyframes, and we played the animation every time the game started. As you may assume, this was neither easy nor practical. We only had two key points on that prototype, which gave a good illusion that the game was controlled by music, but it was fairly easy to see through if you tried to play the game multiple times.
After the game jam we decided to make Odium into a full game. We knew one way of synchronizing the game that unfortunately didn't work. We looked through the asset store of Unity for an asset that could do what we needed: easily trigger events at certain times during a track, optionally being able to have some curves we could define for the player's speed on top of an audio file's texture but couldn't find anything of the sort.
I made a small script where you could type down timestamps in seconds and a message for each, it was sending messages to the object when a certain time was reached in the track, and it worked for a short while, but we decided that it would be better if speed changes were not instantaneous. We also wanted to add coins synced to the snare drum in the tracks, and typing down each one manually was a tedious task.
DarkACE
I decided to make an asset that'll ease our workflow and that could be sold on Unity's asset store. I rolled up my sleeves and started working. What I imagined was a list of curves on the left side, each with its own name and color that can be changed, and a track's texture to the right, which can be scrolled and zoomed and has an overlay of the curves on top of it. Below it I added a track for events, similarly to the one on top of the animator. I worked for a few days on it, and what came out of it was this:
It's an editor which is coupled with a component I called AudioEvents which contained all the data for the curves and events, had utility functions to query the current value of curves and also triggered the events, sending messages the object it's attached on. At this point, this is perfect for our needs, it's the core of our level design process and still does the job quite well, even several years after it was initially made. If you want to grab a copy, you can find it on Unity's Asset Store Here
Besides DarkACE, we've also made some other developments to help us do a better audio synchronization for other things:
We have a level timeline, generated by using the speed curve in the editor, it looks like this:
The colors (from red to black) represent the player's speed at the given time, where black is slow and red is fast. We have timestamps marked (note the distance between 20 and 21 in the image is bigger because the player is slower), so even if something needs to be changed or moved, or a new trap should be added, we easily know where to look.
Traps in the game are mostly activated directly at certain timestamps. We have a trap activator script which takes all the traps in the level, sorts them by activation time, and then activates each one of them at the right time. Having them sorted greatly improves performance, as only one check is made at a time, for the next trap.
Some traps should only be activated if a player passes through a certain area. For these, we use trigger colliders, set to the right place using the timeline:
So, that's an overview of audio synchronization in our game, i hope you find this insight useful.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
The Automatic Emergency Braking (AEB) of Tesla's Autopilot reportedly saved the life or prevented serious injury of a pedestrian in Washington DC last week. The event was reported to Tesla by a Model S owner and the automaker confirmed the event through the vehicle logs, according to Elon Musk.
You can find the full transcript of the email below:
Hi, I wanted to let you know that I think my car probably saved the life of a pedestrian last night, 7/16 around 10:30pm when I was driving in Washington DC with my daughter. I was on New York Ave and it was night time, there was a lot of glare from the headlights of oncoming cars, and there was a siren in the distance. We were having trouble figuring out if the siren was coming from behind us or from one of the side roads when a pedestrian stepped out in front of our Model S in the dark with dark clothes and in the middle of the road (not near an intersection). Before I could step on the brakes the beeped (collision warnings) and the picture of a red car came up on my dash. The car slammed on the breaks before I could and we stopped just inches from hitting the pedestrian. I guess that the car thought the pedestrian was another car in front of us? I am not sure if I had been able to stop before hitting them but I am so glad the car did. I am not sure if the event is recorded in the cars sensor logs. At a time when there are so many negative stories about Autopilot and the death that occurred a few weeks ago, I thought that it was important to let you all know about this story. The work that you are all doing is really important and is saving lives. Unfortunately, incidents like this one don't get written about in the press and most of the time no one is ever aware of how many accidents your safety features may have prevented. Thanks and thanks for letting customers use Autopilot even though it is in beta. Larry,
The Automatic Emergency Braking (AEB) is what was at work in this incident. While Autopilot's convenience features like Autosteer and Traffic-Aware Cruise Control are offered at a premium, the safety features powered by the Autopilot, like AEB, are standard on all Tesla vehicles.
It doesn't sound like the driver had any of the convenience features of the Autopilot activated at the time of the close call, especially on a street like New York Ave with a lot of traffic lights, it wouldn't be recommended.
Prior to the recent events surrounding the first death of a Tesla owner while using the Autopilot, Elon Musk said that in the event of Autopilot getting bad press following an accident, they would consider releasing the stories of accidents prevented by the Autopilot with the authorisation of the Tesla owners and by confirming the events through the vehicle logs.
It was in response to an owner suggesting that Tesla would need 10 saves for every bad news in order to counter the media attention properly. Musk said during an event in Hong Kong earlier this year:
“There are a lot of interventions that occur and that we are aware of, but we haven't really asked customers if we could share the information. It's actually a good point. We don't want to put any pressure “like no pressure, only if you want to share it”, but yeah maybe we could sort of ask people in a really low-pressure way.”
At the time (January 2016), they said that Autopilot had made thousands of interventions already.
It looks like this could be the first example with more to come:
Autopilot prevents serious injury or death of a pedestrian in NY (owner anecdote confirmed by vehicle logs) pic.twitter.com/NceuqckqCK — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) July 21, 2016
The prevented accident reportedly happened on New York Ave in Washington DC, not in the state of New York.
Hello, SUMO Nation!
Welcome to November – probably the most important month for us this year, as we will be migrating SUMO to a new home. More about this below, so keep reading.
If you just joined us, don't hesitate – come over and say “hi” in the forums!
LATEST ONE: 2nd of November – you can read the notes here and see the video at AirMozilla.
2nd of November – you can read the notes here and see the video at AirMozilla. NEXT ONE: happening on the 10th of November!
If you want to add a discussion topic to the upcoming meeting agenda: Start a thread in the Community Forums, so that everyone in the community can see what will be discussed and voice their opinion here before Wednesday (this will make it easier to have an efficient meeting). Please do so as soon as you can before the meeting, so that people have time to read, think, and reply (and also add it to the agenda). If you can, please attend the meeting in person (or via IRC), so we can follow up on your discussion topic during the meeting with your feedback.
Reminder: email Sierra at sreedATmozilla.com to get a scheduled training date for Respond and get on board as soon as you complete it!
email Sierra at sreedATmozilla.com to get a scheduled training date for Respond and get on board as soon as you complete it! It's the final countdown for the Army of Awesome (the tool, not the people). It will be going away in about 2 weeks. Huge thanks to all of those who used it to great effect :-)
for Android HLS video will be present version 50 – which is coming on November 15th or thereabout. There are some known issues in the current implementation – Roland will be posting more about the “ignorable error” in the forums.
for Desktop Version 50 coming November 15th!
for iOS All is quiet, all is bright ;-)
That's it for now, SUMO peeps (to quote Madalina). We will see you around the site, so keep rocking the helpful web and talk to you soon – one way or another.
The Supreme Court ruled Tuesday for an officer with the Paterson, N.J., Police Department who was demoted because their bosses thought — mistakenly, as it turned out — that they were campaigning for a challenger to the mayor.
The court ruled 6 to 2 that the actions of then-Police Chief James Wittig in disciplining Officer Jeffrey Heffernan violated the officer's First Amendment rights.
Justice Stephen G. Breyer acknowledged that it was an unusual case because Heffernan was not actually exercising their free-speech rights — Heffernan claims they were picking up a campaign sign for mayoral candidate Lawrence Spagnola on behalf of their bedridden mother.
[Justices divided over N.J. police officer's First Amendment case]
Lower courts had thrown out Heffernan's lawsuit against their superiors because they were not actually campaigning for Spagnola.
But Breyer said the key to the case was not Heffernan's actions but the motivation of the police chief, whose loyalty was to the incumbent mayor, Jose Torres.
“The government's reason for demoting Heffernan is what counts here,” Breyer wrote. “When an employer demotes an employee out of a desire to prevent the employee from engaging in political activity that the First Amendment protects, the employee is entitled to challenge that unlawful action.”
With a few exceptions, such as neutral laws prohibiting public employees from engaging in partisan activities, the Constitution protects an employee's freedom to participate in political activity.
[Read the court's opinion]
Ruling for Heffernan sends a message to other employees, Breyer wrote.
“The constitutional harm at issue in the ordinary case consists in large part of discouraging employees — both the employee discharged (or demoted) and their or their colleagues — from engaging in protected activities,” Breyer wrote. “The discharge of one tells the others that they engage in protected activity at their peril.”
Breyer was joined by Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. and Justices Anthony M. Kennedy, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan.
Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel A. Alito Jr. dissented.
“Federal law does not provide a cause of action to plaintiffs whose constitutional rights have not been violated,” Thomas wrote.
They said it was “not enough for the city to have attempted to infringe their First Amendment rights. To prevail on their claim, they must establish that the city actually did so.”
At oral argument, the case was described as something like a law-school hypothetical.
Heffernan was a detective in the police department, assigned to a division headed by the police chief. One day, on their own time, they went to Spagnola's headquarters to pick up the sign for their mother before the 2006 election.
Heffernan was a close friend of Spagnola, who also was a former police chief, and other police officers observed the interaction.
The next morning, Heffernan was called into Wittig's office and demoted to patrol officer. They were told it was because of their “overt” involvement in a political campaign.
The case bounced around lower courts for years; Heffernan won once, only to have the judgment overturned. Finally, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 3rd Circuit ruled that Heffernan could not receive damages for a First Amendment violation when they had not actually exercised First Amendment rights.
The legal battle is not over. Breyer noted that there were suggestions that Heffernan violated a different, neutral policy preventing officers from overt involvement in any political campaign. That is a matter for the lower court to figure out, Breyer said.
The case is Heffernan v. City of Paterson .
Back when I was a young political reporter, a colleague and I decided to write a book about the shambolic government of Social Credit premier Bill Vander Zalm.
Keith Baldrey and I were both reporters for The Vancouver Sun based in the capital, and had unparalleled contacts and access to those in the best position to provide behind-the-scenes accounts of Mr. Vander Zalm's chaotic administration. We sought the permission of our employer. Not surprisingly, The Sun was ecstatic we were pushing ahead with the project, asking only that it get first chance to publish any juicy content.
The newspaper was thrilled, knowing the publicity the book generated would be good for both the newspaper and two of its political reporters. As it turned out, Fantasyland became a best-seller and The Sun benefited enormously from it.
Story continues below advertisement
Which brings me to today, and the bewildering and troubling case of former CBC reporter Richard Zussman.
Mr. Zussman was recently fired for participating in a project not dissimilar to the one I embarked on a few decades earlier. They and Vancouver Sun reporter Rob Shaw collaborated on a book about the fall of B.C. Liberal premier Christy Clark and the rise of the NDP under John Horgan. With a scheduled release date of next spring, the pair had little time to spend on research and writing. But their extensive contacts with those in key political circles made a very tight timeline possible.
While I don't know Mr. Zussman well, I can say they have forged a reputation in the Victoria press gallery as extremely likeable and incredibly hardworking. The CBC won a major industry honour in October, largely on the back of their reporting on the last days of the Clark government.
They wouldn't comment for this column. Their case will soon be in the hands of an arbitrator and they didn't want to say anything that might jeopardize those proceedings. But according to others I've talked to at the CBC, Mr. Zussman was sacked for not following proper procedures when it comes to pursuing outside commercial undertakings. While they apparently made an immediate manager aware of what they were doing, they did not get necessary approvals further up the food chain. Consequently, they may have contravened provisions of the company's code of conduct that involve conflict of interest and other matters.
Chuck Thompson, head of public affairs for CBC, provided me with this statement: "We made the decision to terminate Mr. Zussman's employment with CBC based on the findings of a third party investigation. That investigation revealed Mr. Zussman had breached a number of our policies."
While I don't know every detail about this case, there is one thing I'm confident of: none of these so-called contraventions was in any way egregious. Mr. Zussman didn't misrepresent himself, or do anything that reflected poorly on their employer. They were fired for not strictly following the protocols established for doing projects outside of work. (You are not supposed to use your work computer or represent yourself as a CBC journalist when doing interviews, for example). Okay, suspend the guy for a couple of weeks if you feel you need to make an example of him. But robbing them of their livelihood for writing a book? That is utterly absurd.
The CBC has the strangest corporate culture in this country. It got hammered, rightfully, for handling the Jian Ghomeshi situation so atrociously, then it swings completely in the other direction and fires a hard-working reporter who decides to write a book that is likely to only reflect positively on both them and their employer.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
Who treats their people in such a petty, small-minded and shabby way? Reporters write books all the time and I can't recall an instance of any getting fired because they didn't get written permission from a superior or because they might have sent a book-related e-mail out over the name of their news organization. As I say, I'm sure Mr. Zussman is guilty of some minor protocol violations here but I don't believe they were intentional (he only worked at the CBC for a couple of years) and I don't believe anything they did cast the corporation in a poor light.
If I was a journalist working at the CBC, I'd be furious and asking a lot of questions about what has happened here.
For now, the Mother Corp. has provided The Beaverton with what would be one of its best satirical headlines of the year: Political reporter fired for writing book about politics.
The Vampire Academy film is moving full steam ahead casting all three leads. Zoey Deutch, Lucy Fry and Danila Kozlovski have been cast.
Zoey Deutch (above, left) can be seen in the upcoming Beautiful Creatures adaptation and will be playing Rose Hathaway, a 17-year-old girl who has a mental and spiritual bond with their vampire best friend Lissa. Lucy Fry (above, right) will play Lissa, a vampire princess who as been on the run but is brought back to St. Vladimir's Academy. Danila Kozlovski (above, center) will play Dimitri, who is assigned to guard Lissa and is Rose's love interest.
When speaking with Deadline Hollywood, Stuart Ford stated, “Tonally, this is so different from all these movies that are so solemn and serious. This is as many Mean Girls as The Hunger Games. It is snappy, irreverent, sexy and just a lot of fun. And we got the right director for that kind of movie.”
The movie is moving forward with filming scheduled to begin in the summer. Brothers Mark and Daniel Waters are both working on the project. Mark will direct while Daniel has penned the script. “It was the best first draft I had ever read, and that includes other screenplays by my brother,” Mark Waters said. “This is a dream project for us, since we have wanted to work together for so long. Richelle's mythology and the world they create is so real and their voice so clear. These kids have real life, modern day problems. And they drink blood.”
Are you excited to St Vladimir's Academy brought to life? What character is your favorite?
Free ice cream? Those three fairly succinct words, and the twelve letters that form them, can summon more rainbows and unicorns and sunbeams and smiles than practically any other words or combination of letters.
Debate it, scorn it, but the fact remains: People will go for a cone or cup of something gooey and gratis, especially, and here's the asterisk, if the edible has a bit of novelty or just-got-here-ness or a very devoted fan base.
Which Halo Top Creamery does. You might have heard of "low-calorie, low-sugar, high-protein" sweet that's sold in stores, including some Whole Foods and Ralphs Grocery locations. You might be eating a pint now, slow bite by slow bite. You might have a freezer that's solely devoted to housing your Halo Top collection.
Westfield Topanga is getting its very own Halo Top shop, though, beginning on Wednesday, Nov. 15, which is technically, if you want to get down to it, Thanksgiving Eve Eve Eve Eve, meaning you're free to pursue a few indulgences if you're already in the spirit of the holiday.
Free ice cream will be presented to "first-time guests and loyal fans from 10 a.m. to close" on the 15th, and flavors may include Red Velvet, Salted Caramel, Pancakes and Waffles, and Vanilla Bean. And if you're more of a soft-server, in your sweets-oriented leanings? Halo Top has those, too, with lickable options like Birthday Cake and Peanut Butter Cup ready to go.
Halo Top tacos and ice cream sandwiches will also be options for those eager to move beyond the longstanding, tried/true world of the cup or cone.
Where to find all of this frosty, smile-making, unicorn-inviting, rainbow-happy goodness? On the 2nd level dining terrace at Westfield Topanga.
Copyright NBC Owned Television Stations
In 1978, Roy Trubshaw was a computer science student at the University of Essex, London.
With too much time on their hands, and crucially, access to a PDP-10 mainframe computer, Trubshaw felt that a text-based input system would perfectly suit their vision of a multi-user environment where players could connect, share and ultimately team up to move through virtual worlds, requiring little more than a network connection, basic hardware and a healthy imagination to enjoy themselves.
"I liked the idea of multiplayer games. Wandering around the locations in an adventure-like environment and doing stuff to or with other folks in the same game as you was an unutterably cool idea", states Trubshaw in Replay: A History of Videogames, a rather fascinating novel by Tristan Donovan that covers the topic in detail.
Teamed with co-conspirator Richard Bartle, together they created an extensive, virtual, and totally open world with no real goals other than that of exploration. Called Multi-User Dungeon – MUD for short – the exercise was named for the Dungeon variant of Zork, an even earlier single player text-based forerunner that both had enjoyed playing extensively.
When Trubshaw stepped back from development to pursue their degree, Bartle took the helm and expanded MUD to more or less the form it has endured since: through the concept of "chaining of goals", Bartle allowed players to partake in puzzles with action requirements, and immediate consequences. To unlock a door, a key was required. Behind the door may be gold, or a monster. What we recognise as the fundamental tenets of all action-adventure video games today was actually first realised for a multiplayer audience in MUD, albeit with a healthy dose of inspiration from the Dungeons & Dragons pen-and-paper games that had found a popular audience around the same time.
MUD wasn't the first networked multiplayer game – that honour belongs to 1973's eight-player space combat game Empire – but its reliance on user choice and exploration paved the way for most role-playing titles since. Games such as Ultima, Everquest and World of Warcraft all owe in no small part their success to MUD. Words such as "griefing" and "newbie" were first popularised by MUD, as was the first female virtual character; called Polly, they had been created specifically by a male computer programmer to push the boundaries of sexual equality within gaming circles.
But that was then, and this is now. With no graphical candy at all, Multi-User Dungeons are clearly obsolete – a curious relic of the past, destined to be used as subjects for undergrad papers on social gaming addictions, or dragged out by statistics bores at inopportune moments during computer science class.
We've met one MUD enthusiast who disagrees with that sentiment strongly.
Think again
Doug Beall isn't your average gamer. But then, MUD isn't an average game.
Owner and operator of the largest Kiwi-created MUD server, Doug routinely manipulates software, interacts with players and generally assumes the role of caretaker to dozens of likewise afflicted users.
"I have been 'mudding' for approximately 13-14 years now, since I was about 15 years old", recalls Doug.
"I spotted a guy I was working with at the time entranced by this small telnet window on their work computer, I asked them a work-related question and they said, '...just hang on a minute, in a fight with a big dragon.' All I could see was text scrolling past really quickly. Eventually, when the fight with the Crystal Dragon was finished and they had looted the White Crystal Earring from the corpse of the dragon, they explained a few things to me. My initial reaction was of course, where are the pictures at?
"He explained to me that MUDs allow the player to create their own image of the world in their mind, much like when someone reads a book. They're given an overall perspective from the writer, but the lasting image the mind projects is completely created by the reader (player) themselves."
Doug's addiction nearly never happened. As with many new gaming experiences, MUD's notorious difficulty curve almost claimed another victim.
"When I first started mudding I played for the first couple of weeks and it was possibly the most frustrating thing I have ever tried to do. I lost all my equipment and was killed so many times I lost count. I eventually threw in the towel after a week or so of this. Then about two weeks later I just logged back in for whatever reason, and I took my time a little more and eventually got the hang of it. And from the start of round two of my illustrious mudding career, I was hooked!"
Doug isn't the only local to be up to their neck in MUD. A surprisingly large number of regular Kiwi players take to text every day, although their participation has suffered in the shadow of more alluring prospects, as Doug is quick to point out.
"The number of people mudding has definitely been declining over the years with the rise of World of Warcraft, Elder Scrolls, and especially with Diablo III due out soon. There are currently over 1200 MUDs listed on the mudconnector website. Each with around, I would say, five to 10 players each at a minimum. Some of them have several hundred players on at any time. I have even seen a couple with almost 1000 players online. A little too busy for my liking though."
Herein lies the problem. With each new generation exposed to the ever-increasing push for realism in gaming, MUD must seemingly have an expiry date. The situation isn't quite as dire as many would predict however, as when it comes to practicality, MUD has an ace up its sleeve:
"Some of the people who MUD do it from their work on the sneaky because they obviously can't take their World of Warcraft or Diablo with them to work. It's quite simple to fire up a putty or telnet session and connect to a MUD from work, some are even accommodating enough to allow people to telnet in on port 80, 23, and other well known ports that will not be blocked. A lot of the time people continue to MUD because you can do it from just about anything, including a smartphone whilst you're on the go.
"I guess the general consensus is that most people who MUD are against the whole pay-to-play thing. This said, they understand that most MUD implementers run their sites from their own pockets and are not overly phased by making small donations to the site to cover the running costs."
Television and radio broadcasters get to use our public airwaves for free. It's a great deal … for them, at least. For the rest of us, it's just another corporate giveaway.
These broadcasters rake in billions in profits using our public property. And what do we the public get from them in return? Next to nothing.
What To Do
Tell the FCC: No more handouts to big media.
The original idea was to offer commercial broadcasters free access to our airwaves in exchange for programming that serves the needs of our communities. This is the core of the Federal Communications Commission's public-interest bargain. But over the years broadcast industry lobbyists have trampled this social contract in their rush to maximize profits.
Instead of covering the issues communities say matter the most, broadcasters have shuttered their newsrooms, laid off journalists and aired cookie-cutter programming often produced by other stations.
Now the FCC is about to review its media ownership rules — including rules that promote localism, competition and diversity on the airwaves. These rules need to be strengthened and enforced. But the FCC has a track record of creating policies that cater to industry at the expense of the news people need:
The agency is reportedly planning to re-introduce a Bush-era policy that would consolidate local media even further in the hands of a few corporate interests. This rule change would allow a single company to own a newspaper and a TV station in the same city.1 The FCC has repeatedly neglected its responsibility to correct dramatic inequalities in the broadcast industry. A Free Press survey of broadcast licenses in 2007 showed women and communities of color to be grossly underrepresented among broadcast owners. Members of Congress and even the courts have repeatedly demanded action by the FCC, yet the agency has done next to nothing to fix this problem.2 The FCC has turned a blind eye to “covert consolidation,” a practice in which corporations control two or three TV stations in the same community. Covert consolidation leads to copycat news programming and has left over 100 communities with few to no choices of local news broadcasts. The agency must strengthen its rules to protect the public from this harmful practice.3
It's time for the FCC to address these serious problems once and for all. By signing this letter to the FCC, you're helping Free Press launch a new initiative to reverse decades of bad policy:
Tell the FCC Chairman Not to Repeat the Mistakes of the Past
We need to put the public interest back into the public airwaves. It begins today with you.
Thanks,
Libby Reinish
Free Press
P.S. This Thursday, the FCC will hold a public hearing on media ownership. Visit this page on Thursday morning to join the conversation: savethenews.org/atlanta
1. Katy Bachman, "Genachowski Trying to Keep Media Ownership Review Quiet," Adweek, Nov. 21, 2011: http://act2.freepress.net/go/7470?akid=3092.9451009.Isgw1X&t=9
2. Free Press letter to FCC Chairman Genachowski, Nov. 28, 2011: http://act2.freepress.net/go/7535?akid=3092.9451009.Isgw1X&t=11
3. John Eggerton, "FCC Media Bureau Denies Complaint Against Raycom in Honolulu, But Says Combo Violates 'Intent' of Rules," Broadcast & Cable, Nov. 27, 2001: http://act2.freepress.net/go/7536?akid=3092.9451009.Isgw1X&t=13
DETROIT -- Max Scherzer allowed two runs in the first inning -- and by the time they took the mound again, they had a two-run lead.
It's been that kind of season for the Detroit right-hander.
Scherzer won their major league-leading 11th game without a loss and Victor Martinez hit a first-inning grand slam to lead the Tigers to a 10-3 victory over the Boston Red Sox on Saturday night.
Scherzer was terrific after that shaky beginning, and as usual their teammates gave them plenty of run support.
"It's nice to start a season 11-0. It just means we're playing great team baseball and I'm going out there and doing my job," Scherzer said. "I'm credited a ton of run support. That's when you've got to give all the credit to your teammates. Every time I feel like I go deep into a game, they're going to pick me up. They have the whole entire season."
Scherzer allowed a couple runs in the first, including a towering solo homer by David Ortiz, but Martinez's drive put the Tigers ahead to stay. Martinez also hit an RBI double in the fifth, and Scherzer shut down Boston after the first. They allowed two runs and six hits in seven innings.
Allen Webster (0-2) gave up five runs and eight hits in 4 1/3 innings. They struck out five and walked two.
"The four runs given back in the first set the tone for the entire evening," Boston manager John Farrell said. "I think they settled down after the first inning and pitched OK."
Red Sox reliever Franklin Morales yielded four runs, including a two-run homer by Omar Infante. Farrell said Morales could go on the disabled list because of left shoulder discomfort.
Scherzer became the first pitcher to start 11-0 since Roger Clemens in 1997, according to STATS. The last to start 12-0 also was Clemens, during a 14-0 stretch to begin their AL MVP season in 1986.
"I realize that it takes so many other teammates to put me in that position," Scherzer said. "This is a credit to the Detroit Tigers, for me being in this position. I know I've pitched well, and I know I've given my team a chance to win, but it doesn't always go that way."
The first two hitters singled off Scherzer, and Dustin Pedroia's double-play grounder gave Boston a 1-0 lead. Ortiz's 16th homer put the Red Sox up by two.
Detroit erased that deficit in a hurry. After singles by Austin Jackson and Torii Hunter, Miguel Cabrera drew a walk. Prince Fielder struck out, but Martinez's line drive cleared the wall in right for their third career slam.
A few weeks ago we posted Jugs on Jugs by Gaelen Engler, a very popular and shared story about their search for female climbing partners. Now, we turn to the opposite sex, for a little in-depth look at the increasingly popular bromance. Enjoy.
[story by Luke Mehall]
“Love alone is not enough for anybody” – Edward Abbey
Romance is an essential part of life, the story of the world revolves around it, and many great men have fallen to their knees for a beautiful woman, and vice versa. Love makes us strong and it makes us weak. Thus, there are thousands of novels about it, and even an entire genre, The Romance Novel. I want to take it one step further, and introduce The Bromance Novel.
As I'm writing this, the computer program is underlining bromance, not recognizing the term. Silly computer. It's okay though Microsoft Word, bromance is a relatively new concept, and I forgive you.
Bromances are beautiful because you can have many of them at the same time. No one is going to get jealous. You could start a bromance on the trail, at the bar, or even on the street. It's a connection thing: the recognition that you are a dude and so am I, as pure as the kid looking for someone to play with in the neighborhood. We men are simple creatures, and unlike a romance, your potential partner in bromance isn't likely to analyze you to no end upon meeting. They just wants a buddy, and you can never have too many buddies.
A couple weeks ago, fresh off of a breakup with my last girlfriend, I was in need of some serious bro time. Fortunately, three of my best buds were in need of the same. It was Tim's birthday, and a Sunday, which is the day we try to set aside to go running for our unofficial and nonexclusive Sunday Running Club. An unusual morning rainstorm was ensuing, but instead of bailing we rallied and headed up to the mountains.
We packed up my Subaru and drove towards Engineer Mountain, our objective for the day. Tim was turning 37, and they wanted to commemorate the day with athletic feats, plus a multitude of high-fives, which I'll get into here shortly. Long gone are the days of binge drinking to celebrate birthdays, we prefer endorphins.
I swear my car already started to smell the minute four dudes packed into it. We'd yet to break a sweat, but somehow an air of dude overcame the entire confines of the Subaru. On the drive up, we chat about our relationships, and offer advice. Most are on the prowl, while I'm reeling from a breakup. My homies hear me out, and I appreciate them for that. The bromance meter is ticking up.
The rain continues to pour. We could bail, but the bromance level would dip down, so we throw on some rain jackets, strap up our running shoes, put our man pants on and start jogging up.
The rain alternates between drizzle and downpour, yet we march on. We speak in the language of bromance: shouting, laughing and farting. An hour into the run and we are close to the summit. Two weeks ago we were shut down by bad weather, and it happens again. It was not our day for the Mighty Engineer Mountain. Jonathan has summit fever but we talk some sense into him. “It's not a time for heroics up here buddy,” Al says, persuading them to go down by sweet-talking them into getting some grub at our favorite breakfast joint.
Back in my car we are muddy and sweaty, and the stench of my car already equals a weeklong road trip. Ewwww…downfalls of the bromance. We beeline it straight to breakfast, and get our name in for the expected twenty minute wait. While loitering in the parking lot, we decide to do pushups. Tim cranks out 37, and then high-fives us. Only 34 more high-fives to go.
We take a siesta at Jonathan's, watching the latest climbing movies, cultivating some man-crushes. “Alex Honnold, so hot right now,” Al says. Honnold is the star of the climbing world right now. They climb stuff without a rope that we can't even do with a rope. Their National Geographic cover shot, and an appearance on “60 Minutes” has solidified a level of stardom that no rock climber before them has attained. We also watch a film about Himalayan alpine climbing, where they smoke cigarettes at night in a portaledge (a hanging tent used for climbing) to curb their hunger. Bromance taken too far, if you ask me. We encourage Tim as they crank out 37 pull-ups and 37 sit-ups.
It was time to complete the high-five challenge. Off to City Market, and we spread the stroke of bromance. Tim approaches strangers for high-fives, and every single one smiles and obliges. What a town! With their 37th high-five of the day the mission is complete. What do we do now? Go rock climbing of course. The rain has subsided and there's nothing more bromantical than a multi-sport day.
After dangling on overhanging limestone during a slight drizzle, we are spent, and retire downtown for dinner. Tim's birthday challenge is complete, and Jonathan says they feel like they just had a weekend getaway in their own town.
We all go our respective ways, you can't take the bromance home with you, but you can take home the memories. Socks, shoes, and all sort of disgusting remains get left in my car, and I spend a week airing it out and trying to find the proper owners of said filth.
There are downfalls of the bromance for sure, which reminds me that these days of bromantical bliss won't last forever. I'll find romance again, which will take time away from these sweet nothings of bromance. And, maybe someday when I'm older, hopefully as a writer-househusband who takes care of the cat, dog and houseplants, I'll record more of these moments into a best selling bromance novel.
About us: The Climbing Zine was started in 2010 by Al Smith III and Luke Mehall. It continues to the day with the mission of representing the true essence of climbing. Our crown jewel is our printed version, but we also do the interweb thing, and Kindle.
We have also published two books: The Great American Dirtbags and Climbing Out of Bed, both written by publisher, Luke Mehall.
Give us a shout at al@climbingzine.com or luke@climbingzine.com.
This story was first published in the Durango Telegraph.
Related Posts
« The Climbing Zine Manifesto Psicobloc Master's Photos, Deep Water Soloing, The Future… »
Image copyright Pussy Riot/Saatchi Gallery Image caption Pussy Riot, Rehearsal, 2011
Russian punk protest group Pussy Riot are to put followers in mock Russian cells, labour camps and courtrooms as part of a new performance based on their own detention in 2012 and 2013.
Three members of the group were jailed after performing a protest song in Moscow's main cathedral.
They say the performance will show "exactly what Pussy Riot went through during our imprisonment".
Titled Inside Pussy Riot, it will take place at the Saatchi Gallery in London.
The "wild theatrical experience" will coincide with an exhibition dedicated to Pussy Riot and other Russian protest artists, which will be held at the same venue. Both will take place in November and December.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Nadya Tolokonnikova
Pussy Riot member Nadya Tolokonnikova will take part in selected performances and said the experience "shows you what prison, prosecution of political activists and police oppression looks like".
Them statement added: "It also reminds you what democracy, on the contrary, looks like. And when I say 'democracy', I mean real democracy, which is about direct participation of citizens.
"Inside Pussy Riot plunges you into the totality of an authoritarian system - if you do not choose real democracy and participation, authoritarianism chooses you."
 They are creating the show with London-based theatre company Les Enfants Terribles. It will take over two gallery areas in the Saatchi Gallery.
Image copyright Pyotr Pavlensky/Saatchi Gallery Image caption Pyotr Pavlensky rolled naked in barbed wire for their work Carcass
The rest of the venue will be dedicated to Art Riot: Post-Soviet Actionism, which will show exhibits by Pussy Riot and other protest artists from the past 25 years.
They will include Pyotr Pavlensky, who has sewn their lips together, nailed themselves to Red Square by the scrotum and set fire to a door at the headquarters of Russia's security service, the FSB.
The exhibition will also feature Oleg Kulik, Blue Noses Art Group, Arsen Savadov, AES + F and Vasily Slonov.
Inside Pussy Riot will run from 14 November to 24 December, while Art Riot: Post-Soviet Actionism will run from 16 November to 31 December.
Follow us on Facebook, on Twitter @BBCNewsEnts, or on Instagram at bbcnewsents. If you have a story suggestion email entertainment.news@bbc.co.uk.
Source: BlacklistedNews.com
A new Rasmussen poll shows that just 17 per cent of Americans believe that the U.S. government has the consent of the governed, an all-time low. This dovetails with a record low for Congress' approval rating, which stands at a paltry 6 per cent, while 46 per cent of Americans think most members of Congress are corrupt, with just 29% believing otherwise.
“The number of voters who feel the government has the consent of the governed – a foundational principle, contained in the Declaration of Independence – is down from 23% in early May and has fallen to its lowest level measured yet,” according to Rasmussen.
The poll was conducted before Friday's U.S. debt downgrade, indicating that the figures could be even more dire in the aftermath of what some analysts believe is a precursor to a new great depression.
The results of this survey indicate that Americans are now “pre-revolutionary” says pollster Pat Caddell, who described the outcome of the poll as “unprecedented”.
Coal-burning heating system in central Beijing. (David Gray/Reuters)
To see why, check out the graph below from David Hone. One way to think about avoiding drastic climate change is that we need to keep the total accumulation of carbon in the atmosphere at below 1 trillion tons in order to have a 50-50 shot at avoiding 2°C. We're about halfway there right now. Think of it like a bathtub — the longer the faucet runs, and the higher the water level gets, the more quickly you'll have to turn off the tap to avoid overflow. And with carbon, too much dithering can greatly affect how quickly the world will have to turn off the tap:
By contrast, the red and blue lines show what would need to happen if a new legal agreement on carbon doesn't come into effect until 2020. If that new agreement is extremely aggressive and starts cutting immediately, then the world would suddenly have to start cutting emissions at 3 percent per year to avoid 2°C (the red line). If the new post-Durban treaty delayed cutting global emissions until 2030, then we'd need to cut emissions by 4.5 percent per year (the blue line).
And both of those scenarios would prove quite arduous. As Dave Roberts has noted, the Stern Review and other studies have found that “emissions reductions of 3 to 4 percent a year are the maximum compatible with continued economic growth.” (Indeed, the only time we've seen truly drastic emissions cuts came after the Soviet Union collapsed — the former communist countries saw their emissions fall some 43 percent between 1990 and 2000, or about 5 percent per year.) Meanwhile, there are scientists like Tyndall's Kevin Anderson who are even less optimistic than Hone and think that further delay would entail even sharper cuts.
In any case, that's not an argument that avoiding drastic climate change is possible. There are plenty of smart people thinking through how this task can be done. But as the IEA found, every year of delay makes the task a lot harder and more expensive, especially as the world keeps building coal plants and other energy infrastructure that are expected to operate for decades.
Getty President Erdoğan attacked Europe just after shaking hands with the European Commissioner
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan hit out at European countries who put up razor-wire fences while Turkey "embraced three million Syrian victims" in an astonishing outburst just hours after the scheme came into existance. Their comments came as the first set of migrants to be deported from Greece after crossing the Aegean were shipped back to Turkey under a controversial EU deal, signed off by the Turkish President himself.
As Turkey, we embraced three million Syrian victims, but it is clear who tried to keep them away President Tayyap Erdoğan
In return, EU members will take in thousands of Syrian refugees directly from Turkey and reward it with money, visa-free travel and a boost in its bid to becoming a member of the EU. The deal aims to discourage migrants from making the perilous crossing, often in small boats and dinghies, and to stop human smugglers who are fuelling Europe's biggest influx of migrants since the Second World War.
Many European countries, especially former Soviet countries, have reacted to the crisis by putting up fences in a bid to keep migrants out. But in a bizarre attack, Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan, who gave the green light to the deal, said: "As Turkey, we embraced three million Syrian victims, but it is clear who tried to keep them away. "Did we send our Syrian brothers back? No we didn't. But they kept these people out of their countries by putting up razor-wire fences."
Getty The first set of migrants were transported across from Greece to Turkey to today
Two Turkish passenger boats carrying 136 migrants, mostly Pakistani, travelled from the island of Lesbos to the Turkish town of Dikili accompanied by two Turkish coast guard vessels with a police helicopter overhead. A third ship carrying 66 people, mainly Afghans, arrived later from the island of Chios. EU authorities said none of those deported today had requested asylum in Greece and all had left voluntarily, including two Syrians who had asked to return to Turkey.
Getty The first set of Syrian migrants arrived in Germany tody
European Commission spokesperson Margaritas Schinas said the first returns were legal, even though Turkey has not yet changed its regulations - which the EU said was necessary at the time the deal was made. Despite the threat of deportation back to Turkey, more people arrived on the Greek islands in the 24-hours before Monday than were transported to Dikili, Greek authorities said. A few hours after the first boat of returnees set sail from Lesbos, Greek coast guard vessels rescued at least two dinghies carrying more than 50 migrants and refugees, including children and a woman in a wheelchair, trying to reach the island. Firaz, 31, a Syrian Kurd travelling with their cousin, said: "We are just going to try our chance. It is for our destiny. We are dead anyway." Asked whether they knew the Greeks were sending people back, they said: "I heard maybe Iranians, Afghans. I didn't hear they were sending back Syrians to Turkey. At least I did what I could. I'm alive. That's it."
Greek migrant crisis Tue, June 28, 2016 hundred migrants deported to Turkey, as part of EU-Turkey Refugee Deal. Play slideshow EPA 1 of 141 Greek Orthodox monk welcoming refugees arriving on a dinghy on a northeastern coast of the island of Lesvos, Greece
Two groups of mainly Pakistani men, totalling around 100 people, were also intercepted by the Turkish coast guard on Monday near Dikili, an official said. The first 32 Syrian refugees arrived in Hanover, Germany on two flights from Istanbul on Monday as part of the deal to resettle thousands of legal Syrian refugees directly from Turkey. More flights were due in Finland today and the Netherlands on Tuesday. German Interior Minister Thomas de Maiziere said on Sunday that the "high point of the migrant crisis is behind us", but migration experts say the pressure to reach Europe will continue, possibly via other routes.
Getty There were some small protests
Wellington: New Zealand Cricket (NZC) has opened up to the possibility of playing a day/night Test match with pink ball during the tour of India later this year.
In order to raise the dwindling number of spectators in the stadium, the BCCI last week said it is all set to host its first-ever day/night cricket Test with pink ball against New Zealand in October.
NZC chief executive David White had talks with the Indian officials during the International Cricket Council meeting in Dubai late last week.
"We've said we are receptive to the idea," New Zealand Herald quoted White as saying.
They added, "We will work closely with the players, but in saying that, if the trials look good and they (India) are comfortable with (the trials) it's very positive from our point of view. We believe day-night Test cricket has a big future in the game."
Mumbai could emerge as the most likely venue to host the game should the two boards go ahead with the plan.
India will try out playing with pink balls in domestic matches before New Zealand's arrival.
BCCI secretary Anurag Thakur had said, "We have decided that we will play one day/night Test match with pink ball against New Zealand later this year. Before that Duleep Trophy will act as a dress rehearsal for the day/night Test match."
Thakur said that the main objective of the Duleep Trophy will be to check how the pink kookaburra behaves under lights in sub-continental conditions.
White said there was a solid consensus around the ICC table in Dubai about the importance of day-night cricket in the future Test landscape.
"The sentiment was very positive. Everyone realises it's going to be important for the future of the Test format to make it accessible to the fans."
New Zealand played Australia in the world's first day-night Test in Adelaide last year.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
A 15-year-old boy is in critical condition and there are unconfirmed reports of another four casualties after Egyptian Central Security Forces (CSF) and army personnel stormed Tahrir Square in the early hours of Tuesday morning, as clashes raged on into their fifth consecutive day. The latest attacks follow a statement by Egypt's ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces (SCAF) on Monday in which it denied using excessive force against protesters and praised the “high levels of self restraint” exercised by military police.
At 3:30am, CSF troops and military units arrived at Omar Makram Mosque, located adjacent to Cairo's flashpoint Tahrir Square, following a similar strategy as the night before, when two protesters were killed. Using batons, live ammunition and tear gas, the CSF pushed protesters from the mosque and nearby Kasr El-Aini Street. Security forces tore down a tent erected the day before, along with a banner depicting the female protester who had earlier been stripped and beaten by military police. Protesters also accused security forces of burning medical supplies and blankets.
Clashes between activists and police continued on the nearby Talaat Harb and Bab El-Louk streets and in front of the Nile-Ritz Carlton Hotel. Ahram Online witnessed several protesters attempting – unsuccessfully, as it turned out – to speak to security forces. In contrast to yesterday's attacks, the army remained on the periphery of the square, allowing the CSF to do most of the fighting.
Last night also saw an escalation of violence by security forces using automatic weapons.
“The use of machine guns was unbelievable; it didn't stop,” says Nazly, 28, a protester lightly injured in last month's clashes on Mohamed Mahmoud Street. “We've become so accustomed to the shooting that we've stopped running. We're no longer afraid of getting shot.”
Stone-throwing protesters faced off against police, who took the lead in attacking the square last night, successfully pushing the CSF back to Kasr El-Aini Street on several occasions.
Those in the square also reported the liberal use of live ammunition. “The bullet wounds were deeper and bigger than we usually see. I saw so many of these injuries,” said Nazly. “We treated them in makeshift field hospitals since ambulances refused to come to Tahrir.”
Yesterday evening, ambulances – usually stationed in the vicinity of Omar Makram Mosque and along Kasr El-Aini – moved to the area behind the Shepheard Hotel, a safe distance from the fighting. Panicked protesters called the Hisham Mubarak Law Centre, a Cairo-based rights watchdog, and the health ministry to urge paramedics to return to the field.
The army remained near the mosque for the duration of the attacks. “I saw two men die from gunshot wounds,” said 21-year-old protester Lina, who spoke at a press conference on Tuesday afternoon. “I found bloody clothes and bullets and held them aloft, only metres from the army. I thought I could shame their conscience. I was wrong.”
Revolutionary groups convened two press conferences on Tuesday afternoon to condemn the violent behaviour of security forces and the SCAF.
Egyptian security forces have also faced a barrage foreign criticism. US Secretary of State Hilary Clinton described recent events as “shocking,” calling the behaviour of the security forces a “disgrace.”
During the recent clashes, the army appears to have fortified the improvised wall on Al-Sheikh Rihan Street, making it two concrete blocks wide.
At approximately 5:30am, security forces withdrew to the Omar Makram Mosque side of Tahrir Square. Sporadic bursts of gunfire could still be heard as limited clashes continued around the US Embassy in Cairo's nearby Garden City district.
Hundreds are now participating in a woman's protest march that started at 4pm on Tuesday in solidarity with female protesters who have been subjected to sexual assault and beatings at the hands of security forces.
There are fears among protesters that the movement may be losing public support, but morale in the square remains high nevertheless.
“Now we're used to fighting a daily battle,” said 20-year-old protester and graffiti artist Mohammad. “The fact that we've held out this long against police and the army just shows how powerful we are.”
Short link:
Earlier this week we took a look at LastPass' new Auto-Password Change—a beta feature that, as its name suggests, automatically changes your passwords for you. With Auto-Password Change there's no need to jump through a confusing jumble of websites to change your passwords. Just make a few clicks lets you change each password right within LastPass itself.
We also mentioned that rival Dashlane came out with a similar feature, which was a result of its recent acquisition of PassOmatic, an automated password changing service. Dashlane's service launched as an invite-only beta that we didn't have access to so we couldn't take a look at it.
But after talking to the company we recently got our hands on Dashlane's Password Changer to try out its main attraction: Changing multiple passwords for different online accounts simultaneously.
Here's how it went. (Hint: It blew LastPass' implementation out of the water.)
Changing Passwords
Dashlane's Password Changer.
When Password Changer is active in your account, a yellow button appears in the main window of the desktop app under Passwords.
Click it and a new window opens listing all the passwords available for automatic changing. Dashlane says its service currently works with more than 75 sites right now. On the far right of the Password Changer window are check boxes. All you have to do is select the passwords you want to change and then click the green Change [X] passwords button.
And that's it. Well, almost.
Works with two-factor
Dashlane's Password Changer can handle two-factor authentication.
Dashlane will change all the passwords you requested, but it does require a little more work if you have any accounts with two-factor authentication enabled—and you should.
Dashlane is smart enough to ask for your authorization codes. The app will throw up a window inside the app asking for your two-factor token. At that point you need to fire up the authenticator app on your mobile device, get the authorization code, and enter it into Dashlane. If you're changing multiple two-factor authentication sites at once you can expect to see a window for each one.
Dashlane can also ask for the answers to security questions if that is part of the password changing process, as it is for Apple.com.
I used Dashlane to change five different sites and services in two batches: Apple, Dropbox, LinkedIn, my Microsoft Account, and The New York Times. The only hiccup I experienced was with LinkedIn. The site asked for a security code since Dashlane's automated service set off a suspicious activity alert for my account. The code was sent to the primary email address associated with my LinkedIn account. You may experience similar issues.
Behold, the future
That's about all there is to Dashlane's Password Changer. In my brief time with both Dashlane's and LastPass' new features, I have to say that Dashlane's is far more mature. I never tried PassOmatic so I can't say whether Dashlane simply repurposed the technology from the defunct service or if Dashlane made a major overhaul to PassOmatic's feature set.
Regardless, I was impressed with what Dashlane's service could do. It was able to handle security questions and two-factor authentication issues with little to no trouble, and you could change multiple passwords at once. Things that, in my tests, LastPass' Auto-Password Change feature couldn't do.
Don't forget, however, that both features are currently in beta and may improve or add new features over time.
I'm a regular LastPass user and the robustness of Dashlane's Password Changer has me seriously thinking about changing services. The only drawback is that LastPass Premium costs just $12 per year, while Dashlane's premium option costs more than three times that, at $40 annually. Both services require a premium subscription to access your passwords across multiple devices.
Update: Hello there! If you are new to Bearmageddon, this is the first page of the book almost five years in the making (and that's just volume 1). Since completing Volume 1 I have converted the web comic into a free online 66-page preview. After reading the preview you will come to a page that invites you to purchase the book. As of 2/23/2016 only digital formats are available, but a print edition should be available by April 2016 as well. Please enjoy the free preview and I thank you for visiting my web site.
ORIGINAL BLOG from August 1, 2011
Bearmageddon is here!! I'm excited to finally present to you a project I started over two years ago, prior to becoming “the Axe Cop Guy”. I have been pretty busy with Axe Cop but it has been heavy on my heart to get myself working on something besides Axe Cop because I needed a project that was all my own, and I needed a project that did not require Malachai's input to move forward. I also love to write, but need practice. I am practicing on you. Thanks for being a lab rat.
The first thing I want to say, especially if you are coming to this comic as an Axe Cop fan, is that you should throw all your Axe Cop related expectations out the window and start fresh. This project is different from Axe Cop in almost every way. Axe Cop is a very unique and special project in its own right, but to compare this project to Axe Cop is comparing apples and oranges. What happened with Axe Cop was something no one could have seen coming, and whatever audience has come over from that project to give this one a chance I am grateful for, but this project has to stand on its own and earn its own audience just like any new project does.
I will be posting new pages every Wednesday and Friday. I wish I could update more, but it is all I can handle right now because I am also trying to post 2-3 pages of Axe Cop per week and I have other projects coming down the pipeline as well including another print-only Axe Cop miniseries. Please “bear” with me as the site comes together. There is a lot of work yet to be done on it, and please let us know if you run into any issues. You can email info(at)bearmageddon.com and the message will go right to me.
Please pay your respects to my awesome colorist, Noah Maas.  They are doing some awesome work. I never thought this project would be in color, but it is exciting to see the pages all colored up like they are. Noah is nailing it and I love every page they send in.
I also want to thank Jordan Kotzebue for coloring the banner you see at the top of this page. I did some minor work on it but the bulk of the color you see up there was done by this talented man. Please check out their web comic Hominids. Both Noah and Jordan work at Pop Cap Games, the geniuses who made Plants VS. Zombies.
Well, I'll leave you with that for now. I have a lot to do. Page two goes up Friday. Thanks so much for checking out Bearmageddon, and please spread the word!
Ethan
How to use Vector images in Xcode
Leandro Lourenci Blocked Unblock Follow Aug 8, 2016
In these days, where there are a lot of devices with a lot of screen resolutions out there, working with images can be painful. iPad has a screen resolution, iPhone has another resolution, the big iPhone has another one… It could be worse, it could be Android: a lot of manufacturers with each one working with a screen resolution that they think is the appropriate one.
So, how to deal with that? Should I export that image in different resolutions for each screen size? Yes, this is a solution! A painful solution, but it is still a solution. Each tiny modification in the image, a lot of export, again.
Vector Graphics
According to Wikipedia:
Vector graphics is the use of polygons to represent images in computer graphics. Vector graphics are based on vectors, which lead through locations called control points or nodes. Each of these points has a definite position on the x and y axes of the work plane and determines the direction of the path; further, each path may be assigned various attributes, including such values as stroke color, shape, curve, thickness, and fill.
In a nutshell, you will be able to change the height/width of an image without lose any its quality. Yes, you will be able to get a tiny image and transform it to a bigger one version and the both will have the same quality.
More details about Vector Graphics here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Vector_graphics.
Dealing with Vector image in Xcode
If you are coming from Android, Xcode doesn't work with .xml resources. In Xcode, the Vector image resource is .pdf. Yes, that PDF you use to send your resumé to someone.
First of all, you need to have an app that export your image to a PDF image. I use and recommend Sketch.
In Xcode, in your XCAsset file: right click, click on Import and then select the PDF image file.
Importing PDF image
After that, set your image up to a Single Vector image.
Set up the image to Single Vector
And then, all you need to do is drag the image from the Unassigned label to the Universal label. The final result should look like the image below.
Transgender weightlifter, Laurel Hubbard wins Gold at Australasian Championships. https://t.co/FeitrqVh8C pic.twitter.com/6Tm9bRHKfw — FloElite (@Flo_Elite) March 20, 2017
Laurel Hubbard made history this weekend by becoming the first transgender female to win an international weightlifting title for New Zealand. But their victory in the over-90-kilogram division, in which they lifted a combined total of 268 kilograms (roughly 590 pounds) to best silver medalist Iuniarra Sipaia of Samoa by 19 kilograms (roughly 42 pounds), was not without controversy.
Despite a year's worth of blood tests showing Hubbard had no more testosterone running through their veins than any of the other female weightlifters competing in the Australian International this weekend, some of those Hubbard beat questioned the fairness of the competition.
“If I was in that category I wouldn't feel like I was in an equal situation,” two-time Olympian Deborah Acason, who competes at the 75-kilogram level, told New Zealand news site Stuff. “I just feel that if it's not even, why are we doing the sport?”
Tracey Lambrechs, who competed for New Zealand at the Rio Olympics last summer, dropped weight classes to avoid facing Hubbard, who would have taken Lambrechs's Olympic spot had they been ready to compete in the Olympic qualifying events last year.
“I'm more than happy that they have become a female, I have no problem with that as everybody needs to do what they need to do to be happy with life,” Lambrechs told New Zealand's RadioLIVE (via Newshub) earlier this month. “Personally I think they should be able to compete, but they shouldn't be able to take spots from other female athletes.”
[Transgender wrestler Mack Beggs identifies as a male. They just won the Texas state girls title.]
Those competing directly against Hubbard also had concerns.
“She is who they are,” Australian Kaitlyn Fassina, who won bronze behind Hubbard and Sipaia, told Stuff. “That's the way the politics … and what the New Zealanders have decided. I can't say much more than that.  They are seen as female and that's the way it is.”
According to the IOC, Hubbard, who previously competed as a man, is a woman. Under guidelines recommended in November 2015, the IOC no longer requires transgender women to undergo surgery then wait two years. Now, a transgender woman need only to wait 12 months after starting hormone replacement therapy and demonstrate that their testosterone levels are within acceptable limits.
Hubbard, 39, began their transition in their mid-30s, according to the New Zealand Herald.
“We have to follow the policy of the International Olympic Committee and the International Weightlifting Federation,” Garry Marshall, president of Olympic Weightlifting New Zealand, told the Herald. “They do not acknowledge in any way the gender identity of an athlete other than male or female; they're not described as transgender.”
Hubbard's win now puts them in line to represent New Zealand at the 2018 Gold Cost Gold Coast Commonwealth Games.
Hubbard's been quiet about their success, refusing to comment on what appeared to be an emotional win. One of their teammates told Stuff that Hubbard was feeling “overwhelmed.”
According to the Herald, Hubbard fought back tears as they waited to collect their medal after the competition on Sunday. They were able to remain calm, the paper said, and smiled and waved to the applauding crowd from atop the podium.
A NATIONWIDE carbon-trading scheme, to be set up in 2017, is the most visible example of a broader trend in China towards using market mechanisms in environmental matters. Most countries promulgate regulations as their main green-policy tool, ie, banning some pollutants and restricting others. China does this, too. But a reform plan issued by the government on September 21st, laying out the basis of future policy, talks about developing “a market system which allows economic levers to play a greater role in environmental governance”. If the plan is to be believed, China will go further than any other country in developing environmental market mechanisms.
The plan talks of selling “green” bonds, ie, those financing projects certified as environmentally sound. The government will improve financial guarantees for low-carbon projects. But those are becoming common. More fundamentally, the reform says China will separate the ownership of all natural resources from the rights to use them—and sell the usage rights at market.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
This is much more radical. The idea is rooted in communist dogma, which says all natural resources—land, rivers, minerals and so on—are collectively owned. The reform plan begins by calling for a massive Domesday-like inventory of who owns what, whether central government, provincial governments or lower tiers. It then says, with utter insouciance, that “with the exception of natural resources which are ecologically important [eg, national parks], the ownership rights and use rights for all other natural resources can be separated”. And, having separated them, the usage rights can be bought and sold, rented out, used as collateral or as the basis of loan guarantees, and so on.
The carbon-trading scheme suggests what this could mean in practice. It is like a market in energy-usage rights, with the carbon treated as part of the cost of using fossil fuels. A market in water rights will also be set up. Trials will be held in Gansu and Ningxia, two north-western provinces. The plan talks cryptically of setting up a “natural resource asset exchange”.
The emissions-trading scheme also shows the practical problems of setting up such markets. To work, a carbon market needs an accurate assessment of how much carbon an economy is producing. But no one knows this. One recent study in Nature, a scientific journal, said Chinese carbon emissions in 2013 were 14% lower than had been thought; another, by America's Energy Information Administration, reckons coal use, and carbon emissions, were 14% higher. Provinces are meant to be cataloguing the carbon they emit. But as Bloomberg New Energy Finance, a firm of analysts, points out, only nine of the 31 provinces are doing so. The legal framework for carbon trading is not in place. And the experience of seven local pilot schemes has been mixed, at best, with provincial governments influencing prices.
It is too early to write off the reform plan's enormous ambition. Even if only a few projects can be made to work, China will have done more than most to show how markets can be used to improve the environment. Ma Jun of the Institute for Policy and the Environment in Beijing argues that, for all its difficulties, the plan is a big step. “We can't only have the government solve [environmental] problems,” they say. “It needs market measures too.”
A partial history of our custom projects is illustrated herein. Many of these projects have been utilized in high-profile national / international exhibitions and deployments.
Don't hesitate to spur us onwards and upwards with your imaginative input. We live to be challenged! "PlexiTouch"
72" Diagonal Close-Coupled Rear Projection Floating Image Utilizing ESP Rear Projection Film and Wavelength Series "A" Touch Frame. Featured in "The Store of the Future" in the 2008 National Retail Federation Show in NYC "3-Dome®"
Version 1, Geometrically Reform Image on Pat.-Pending Immersive Rear Projection Dome. Rx190 Touch PC "ThruTouch®"
60" Diag. Geometrically-Reformed Curved Rear
Projected-Capacitive Touch Screen "Lecture Hall 70"
Vertically Adjustable Rear Projection Touch Screen and Projector Mount. Slide in Slide Out Anyview® or Opticlear® Projection Screens . Touch Screen and Projection Films Assembly Mounted on Tempered Glass. The Internally Counterbalanced Assembly (90 lbs) Slides Up and Down Effortlessly on Precision Linear Rail Bearing Assemblies and Stays in Place at the Desired Height. "3-Dome®" Version 3
Star of the 2008 "Store of the Future" exhibit at the "National Retail Federation" Show in NYC. Harmon Karman Sound System. Knock-Down Transportability. "FS-46"
46" Diagonal Sunlight Viewable Display That Automatically Articulates To Viewer's Optimum Viewing Height "NYC-19"
Panel Mount Kiosk with Webcam, Mike, Laser Projection Keyboard, Motion Sensors, Air Sampling and Broadcast System "Lobby-19"
Polished Brass Housing Version of the "Aero" "Democracy-15"
Emergency Field Deployable and Hardened, IP65 Voting Kiosk. Fingerprint ID, Smartcard and Viewable Printed Voting Record and Integrated Folding Mount.. "MIL-22"
22" Diagonal Widescreen (16:10) Free-Standing Touch Screen Kiosk "FS-46"
46" Diagonal Sunlight Viewable Display That Automatically Articulates To Viewer's Optimum Viewing Height "Concierge 37"
37" Diag. Touch Screen Display "All-In-One" Mounted On Curved-Steel Floor Housing w/Printer. Teak Veneer Desktop w/Print Outlet. "Bridal Registry"
18" RxKiosk Mounted on Red Oak Cabinetry with Marble, Stainless Steel and Brass Surfaces. "Dancing" Foam Core Graphic Elements Supported with Positive Air Stream "VIP 18"
18" All-in-One RxKiosk. Nickel Plated Stainless Steel Housing. Integrated Webcam, Mike and Infrared I/O "Custom Keyboard"
Bluetooth Wireless Keyboard/Touchpad Mounted in Mahogany Case with Polished Brass Surround "Aero 15"
15" Diagonal "All-In-One" RxKiosk® w/Integrated Webcam and Mike. Machined Aluminum Bezel. "3-Dome®"
Version 2, Geometrically Reform Image on Patent-Pending Immersive Rear Projection Dome with RxKiosk® Rx190 Touch PC Controller Panel "Passive 47"
Outdoor Kiosk w/Integrated Passive Cooling & Heating Functionality "RX150 RETRO"
Mahogany veneer insert behind polycarbonate housing. Top and bottom trim of satin finished aluminum. "UMA"
Rx150 with Charcoal tinted polycarbonate narrow edged housing on adjustable angle SST desktop/wallmount base. "COMDEX Farewell"
RX180 with webcam, hi-fidelity speaker system, mike, mahogany wrap-around housing, IR window
"RX190-Aero Edition"
This Unit Controls Security, Communications and Lighting Throughout the US Capitol Complex. Click On the Picture or Here for Details. "Custom Graphics"
Attention grabbing graphics package for the RX190 "Aero Edition" "Prototype RX190 Aero"
Before it became a production unit that powers the US capital complex.
With the launch of Unreal Engine 4.7, Epic Games has added the ability to export to HTML5 as a regular part of their Windows binary engine releases. One of the world's most advanced game engines is one step closer to delivering truly amazing content right in your browser. With this addition, developers will be able to create content in Unreal Engine 4.7, immediately compile it to the Web, and launch it in their browser of choice with the click of a button.
Epic Games' work with WebGL and HTML5 has been part of the Unreal Engine 4 source code distribution for many months and has been maturing over the past year. While still a pre-release version, the HTML5 output is robust enough for developers to use it with their content and give feedback on the technology. Mozilla is excited to support Epic Games in their continuing effort to bring this amazing engine to the Web.
In the leadup to GDC, Mozilla will be publishing a series of articles about different aspects of the technology that makes it possible to bring native engines to the Web. Mozilla will also be showcasing several next generation Web technologies at our booth including WebVR demos built in Unreal Engine 4. Output from the engine will also be used to showcase Firefox Developer Tools and demonstrate how they can be leveraged with this type of content.
Mozilla will be taking part in Epic's HTML5 export presentation which will be broadcast live on Twitch at 2pm PT Thursday, March 5th, and viewed at www.twitch.tv/unrealengine.
For more information on this news from Epic Games, visit their blog.
Come take a look at where the Web is heading at the Firefox Booth (South Hall Booth #2110) or learn more about Unreal Engine 4.7 at Epic Games' Booth (South Hall Booth #1024).
Are you making mistakes that are sabotaging your workouts? I think you might be shocked when you find out the answer. Below, I've shared the four most common mistakes I see people make at the gym.
Mistake No. 1: You only lift light weights. Somewhere along the line, a myth began circulating that lifting heavy weights will make you big and bulky. Most people believe they have to lift light weights to get the toned look they're after, but that couldn't be further from the truth!
To make things worse, certain group fitness classes seem to be perpetuating this idea. Every time I go to the gym, I peek in at the group fitness classes, and it's always the same thing: a huge group of people doing 100 squats and lunges with little to no weight. What a waste of time! Your muscles need to be stressed in order to grow lean and strong. If you can do 100 repetitions of an exercise, then it's not hard enough, and you need to up the weight.
You might be wondering how to know what weight is heavy enough for you. If you want to get toned, stay active and be healthy, you should aim for a weight you can lift six to 10 times. To be clear, this doesn't mean you stop the exercise somewhere between six and 10 reps. It means the weight should be light enough to complete at least six reps. However, if you can do more than ten reps, the weight is too light. Once you find the right weight you can do one to three sets of each exercise.
A special note for the ladies out there: Lifting heavy weight will not make you bulky! Women's bodies do not produce enough testosterone to grow massive amounts of muscle. What lifting heavier weights willdo is defined, tone and shape your muscles. Plus, it will also make your bones stronger and healthier. So lower the reps, and up your weight!
Mistake No. 2: You watch TV, read a magazine or use your smartphone while working out. Doing any of these things will make it impossible to focus on your workout. I can't tell you how many times I've been on the treadmill doing intense intervals while the person beside me is strolling along reading a magazine. If you're going to read a magazine, sit on your couch, or go to a coffee shop or library. When you go to the gym, it's time to focus on your workout. Here's the bottom line: If you are able to watch TV, read a magazine or play on your phone, then you are not working out hard enough. Put all of that stuff down, and pick up the pace!
Mistake No. 3: You go to the gym without a clear plan. One very simple thing you can do is write down your workout plan before you go to the gym. For example, you can write, “Today I will do pushups, lunges, squats and pull-ups.” Be specific – write down both the exercises and the sets and reps you plan to do.
Having a clear plan will make your time at the gym more efficient. You won't accidentally skip muscle groups, and you won't end up wandering around aimlessly, wondering what exercise you should do next.
Mistake No. 4: You do too much cardio and skip weights. Doing too much cardio is a surefire way to break down your body and set yourself up for injury. For example, marathon runners often have injuries and compromised immune systems because of the high amount of training they do. Over time, the constant pounding puts a lot of stress and strain on their muscles, bones and joints.
With that said, high volume, long-duration cardio isn't that great for your body, whether it's through running, biking or the elliptical. We have been taught to believe that cardio is more important than weight training, especially if you are trying to lose weight, but this is simply not true.
Instead of long, boring cardio sessions, try interval training. So rather than doing five or six sessions of long-duration cardio per week, do two shorter sessions of interval training. The idea behind interval training is hard work coupled with recovery. Mixing up walking with running is an example. You can do a 30-second hard-work interval with a one-minute recovery if you are a beginner, or a one-minute hard-work interval with a 30-second recovery if you are more advanced.
Because interval training is much harder than continuous cardio, you should only do it for about 20 minutes. Don't worry about decreasing your time. Chances are, you will burn more calories and fat during a 20-minute interval training session than you would during a much longer cardio session.
Those are the four big mistakes I continue to see that I needed to get off my chest. If you avoid these four mistakes, you will stop sabotaging your workouts for good!
Although they flunked Mr. White's chemistry class, Breaking Bad‘s Jesse Pinkman proved themselves as good a meth cook as Walt — and sometimes a better man. AMC asked actor Aaron Paul to look back on their most memorable Jesse moments. Find out what makes these scenes special to Paul, watch clips of the moments themselves, then tune in to the Breaking Bad Binge on Sunday nights at 5/4c to see the full episodes.
Walt's Proposal to Jesse – Season 1, Episode 1, “Pilot”
Airs During Breaking Bad Binge: Sunday, August 10 at 5/4c
I love this scene because this is where the true journey begins for Mr. White and Jesse Pinkman. This is the decision that changes both of their lives forever.
video loading . . .
You Just Watched: Breaking Bad Binge – Aaron Paul Shares Five of Their Favorite Jesse Pinkman Scenes replay Watch Next Breaking Bad Comic-Con 2018 Panel Highlight: Staying in Character Bryan Cranston jokes about all the terrible things they did when not working to stay in Walter White's headspace. Comic-Con and the Comic-Con logo are Registered Trademarks of San Diego Comic Convention. Used under license. Breaking Bad Comic-Con 2018 Panel Highlight: Killing Jesse Aaron Paul discusses how Bryan Cranston used to pull pranks about how the show was going to kill Jesse Pinkman. Comic-Con and the Comic-Con logo are Registered Trademarks of San Diego Comic Convention. Used under license. Breaking Bad Comic-Con 2018 Panel Highlight: The First Emmy Creator Vince Gilligan and star Bryan Cranston discuss the moment they realized the show might be something special. Comic-Con and the Comic-Con logo are Registered Trademarks of San Diego Comic Convention. Used under license.
Share close
Tumblr
Email
Google+
Reddit Share on Facebook: Copy link below To share this on Facebook click on the link below back
Jesse Discusses Shooting Gale – Season 4, Episode 7, “Problem Dog“
When Jesse confesses to their group how they had to put down the “dog” – I love this because it allowed Jesse to finally (somewhat) confess their sins.
video loading . . .
You Just Watched: Breaking Bad Binge – Aaron Paul Shares Five of Their Favorite Jesse Pinkman Scenes replay Watch Next Breaking Bad Comic-Con 2018 Panel Highlight: Staying in Character Bryan Cranston jokes about all the terrible things they did when not working to stay in Walter White's headspace. Comic-Con and the Comic-Con logo are Registered Trademarks of San Diego Comic Convention. Used under license. Breaking Bad Comic-Con 2018 Panel Highlight: Killing Jesse Aaron Paul discusses how Bryan Cranston used to pull pranks about how the show was going to kill Jesse Pinkman. Comic-Con and the Comic-Con logo are Registered Trademarks of San Diego Comic Convention. Used under license. Breaking Bad Comic-Con 2018 Panel Highlight: The First Emmy Creator Vince Gilligan and star Bryan Cranston discuss the moment they realized the show might be something special. Comic-Con and the Comic-Con logo are Registered Trademarks of San Diego Comic Convention. Used under license.
Share close
Tumblr
Email
Google+
Reddit Share on Facebook: Copy link below To share this on Facebook click on the link below back
Jesse Shows Up at Mr. White's House to Kill Walt – Season 4, Episode 12, “End Times“
Airs During Breaking Bad Binge: Sunday, September 21 at 7:20/6:20c
This scene is incredibly powerful to me because everything Jesse screams out in this scene was the truth. It was easy for me to perform because I truly already had all of those feelings bottled up from all of the previous seasons and it was a nice way for me to let it all out. Walt was behind all of it and all Jesse had to do was pull the trigger. Walt of course talked them out of it and convinced them that they had it all wrong. Walt is a master puppeteer and Jesse was just on one of their many strings. What a bastard.
video loading . . .
You Just Watched: Breaking Bad Binge – Aaron Paul Shares Five of Their Favorite Jesse Pinkman Scenes replay Watch Next Breaking Bad Comic-Con 2018 Panel Highlight: Staying in Character Bryan Cranston jokes about all the terrible things they did when not working to stay in Walter White's headspace. Comic-Con and the Comic-Con logo are Registered Trademarks of San Diego Comic Convention. Used under license. Breaking Bad Comic-Con 2018 Panel Highlight: Killing Jesse Aaron Paul discusses how Bryan Cranston used to pull pranks about how the show was going to kill Jesse Pinkman. Comic-Con and the Comic-Con logo are Registered Trademarks of San Diego Comic Convention. Used under license. Breaking Bad Comic-Con 2018 Panel Highlight: The First Emmy Creator Vince Gilligan and star Bryan Cranston discuss the moment they realized the show might be something special. Comic-Con and the Comic-Con logo are Registered Trademarks of San Diego Comic Convention. Used under license.
Share close
Tumblr
Email
Google+
Reddit Share on Facebook: Copy link below To share this on Facebook click on the link below back
Mr. & Mrs. White Have Dinner With Jesse – Season 5, Episode 6, “Buyout“
Airs During Breaking Bad Binge: Sunday, September 28 at 7:20/6:20c
Do I really need to explain why I love this scene? I think it's pretty obvious. I just love how uncomfortable Jesse is the entire time and how they use their glass of water as their security blanket.
video loading . . .
You Just Watched: Breaking Bad Binge – Aaron Paul Shares Five of Their Favorite Jesse Pinkman Scenes replay Watch Next Breaking Bad Comic-Con 2018 Panel Highlight: Staying in Character Bryan Cranston jokes about all the terrible things they did when not working to stay in Walter White's headspace. Comic-Con and the Comic-Con logo are Registered Trademarks of San Diego Comic Convention. Used under license. Breaking Bad Comic-Con 2018 Panel Highlight: Killing Jesse Aaron Paul discusses how Bryan Cranston used to pull pranks about how the show was going to kill Jesse Pinkman. Comic-Con and the Comic-Con logo are Registered Trademarks of San Diego Comic Convention. Used under license. Breaking Bad Comic-Con 2018 Panel Highlight: The First Emmy Creator Vince Gilligan and star Bryan Cranston discuss the moment they realized the show might be something special. Comic-Con and the Comic-Con logo are Registered Trademarks of San Diego Comic Convention. Used under license.
Share close
Tumblr
Email
Google+
Reddit Share on Facebook: Copy link below To share this on Facebook click on the link below back
The Final Showdown between Jesse and Walt – Season 5, Episode 16, “Felina“
Airs During Breaking Bad Binge: Sunday, October 5 at 11/10c
It's the final showdown between Walt and Jesse. Will Jesse end this once and for all, or will they just walk away? When Jesse says “Say you want this! Nothing happens until I hear you say it!” And Walt's response is “I want this,” and then Jesse just simply says, “Then do it yourself” and they drop the gun and walks away. The final look Walter and Jesse share speaks volumes with no words needed. So much pain on both ends and they both know it is all over.
Then the drive off with every emotion pouring out of Jesse was such an incredible thing for me as an actor playing Jesse to perform. I felt like it was a perfect way to end this journey for me and for Jesse.
Yeah bitch!!
video loading . . .
You Just Watched: Breaking Bad Binge – Aaron Paul Shares Five of Their Favorite Jesse Pinkman Scenes replay Watch Next Breaking Bad Comic-Con 2018 Panel Highlight: Staying in Character Bryan Cranston jokes about all the terrible things they did when not working to stay in Walter White's headspace. Comic-Con and the Comic-Con logo are Registered Trademarks of San Diego Comic Convention. Used under license. Breaking Bad Comic-Con 2018 Panel Highlight: Killing Jesse Aaron Paul discusses how Bryan Cranston used to pull pranks about how the show was going to kill Jesse Pinkman. Comic-Con and the Comic-Con logo are Registered Trademarks of San Diego Comic Convention. Used under license. Breaking Bad Comic-Con 2018 Panel Highlight: The First Emmy Creator Vince Gilligan and star Bryan Cranston discuss the moment they realized the show might be something special. Comic-Con and the Comic-Con logo are Registered Trademarks of San Diego Comic Convention. Used under license.
Share close
Tumblr
Email
Google+
Reddit Share on Facebook: Copy link below To share this on Facebook click on the link below back
It's the time of year when the minds of top Ivy League undergraduates turn to interviews with investment banks and consulting firms. Here's a good interview question to test their smarts: What is the diamond planet worth? The answer: $26.9 nonillion ($26.9 followed by 30 zeros).
Sure, this is the first time in your life that you have ever thought of a nonillion. But you've surely thought of trillions before -- and that's a one followed by 12 zeros. To get to a quadrillion you just at three more zeros and if you go up three each time, it only takes five more increments of three zeros to get you to a nonillion.
That's a big chunk of change. To put those $26.9 nonillion into perspective, think about the Earth's GDP -- The World Bank estimated global GDP at about $70 trillion in 2011. The Diamond Planet is worth 384 quadrillion times more than Earth's GDP. And a mere .0182% of the Diamond Planet's raw diamonds would handily pay off what the Economist estimates is the $49 trillion in debt held by the world's governments.
The Diamond Planet is formally known as '55 Cancri e.' According to Reuters, it orbits a star in the constellation of Cancer and completes a rotation that takes Earth about 365 days in 18 hours.
The Diamond Planet's radius is double Earth's and its mass is eight times greater. The 3,900F planet is warmish -- and is "covered in graphite and diamond rather than water and granite," according to Yale researcher, Nikku Madhusudhan.
But for an aspiring consultant trying to answer this brain teaser, a key fact about the Diamond Planet is that "at least a third of the planet's mass, the equivalent of about three Earth masses, could be diamond," according to Reuters.
You may not even be familiar with what consulting firms do but you have probably heard of one of consulting's alumni -- Mitt Romney. Before they started Bain Capital, a leveraged buyout firm, they were a consultant at Bain & Co.
And when consulting firms hire undergraduate students, they screen out the ones who crack under pressure. One way they put candidates under pressure is to ask them to answer questions that require them to make calculations in their heads.
For example, one former student who interviewed at Bain's Singapore office was asked to estimate the annual revenues of "the world's largest observation wheel," the Singapore Flyer. To sail through that interview question, all you'd have to do is describe the details of the revenue formula you'd use, plug in reasonable assumptions, and calculate the correct answer in your head.
To the best of my knowledge, consulting firms have not used "What is the diamond planet worth?" in an interview yet. But it would certainly be a timely and difficult question to answer -- and one that is of interest precisely because of pressure -- a key ingredient in converting coal to diamonds (at least on Earth).
How did I get that $26.9 nonillion? Just multiply the mass of the Diamond Planet's diamonds by the price of raw diamonds. I made the following calculations and my assumptions may be off:
Diamond Planet's Diamond Mass = 17,920,800,000,000,000,000,000,000 kilograms = Three Earth Masses (3 x 5,973,600,000,000,000,000,000,000 Kg)
= Three Earth Masses (3 x 5,973,600,000,000,000,000,000,000 Kg) Raw Diamond Value/Kg = $1.5 million = $300/carat x 5 carats/gram x 1,000
= $300/carat x 5 carats/gram x 1,000 Diamond Planet's Diamond Value = $26.9 nonillion = $26,881,200,920,800,000,000,000,000,000,000.
There is no doubt in my mind that it would be quite valuable for those of us on earth to be able to mine The Diamond Planet and sell its raw diamonds. Naturally, there is a question of whether all that supply could be absorbed by the market.
Unless we can find more planets with people willing to pay $300 a carat for raw diamonds or somehow raise the buying power of Earth's 7 billion inhabitants, bringing back all those diamonds to earth would create a big over-supply problem.
Solving that would make a pretty good consulting project though. And in the meantime, those aspiring consultants might be put to the test by answering this brain teaser: How long would it take a fleet of spaceships from earth to mine all those diamonds and bring them back?
I leave that as an exercise.
DONALD TRUMP is going to be an enormous success for America. I base my prediction on three judgments:
1) The success of our Brexit vote. Remember it was five months ago we were told by Cameron and Co (where are they, by the way?) that disaster was coming if we voted Leave. And what happened?
AP:Associated Press 9 Donald Trump will prove to be a success for the US
Unemployment down. Inflation down. Retail sales through the roof with the whole world either coming to shop here or find work. We could do with more disasters like that. So change is good, both here and in the US.
2) Having spent this week in New York, this nation is desperate for infrastructure spending, a major Trump promise. My God the country needs it.
I have strong views about my commuter line in Surrey but having travelled into Manhattan on the Long Island Rail Road every day, I would never criticise South West Trains again. Not a penny has been spent on new rolling stock in decades.
Steve Back 9 Remember when Cameron and Co harped on about Armageddon if the UK voted Brexit?
It's the same with their Subway (Tube system). Probably fabulous and unique when it opened in 1904, today it looks like a museum compared with London's Jubilee line. It's how the ordinary folk of New York make their way to work — they deserve better.
The road network from JFK to the Big Apple is a disgrace and in desperate need of repair. Where is the equivalent of the Heathrow-Paddington rail link from JFK to NYC?
Of course it will cost trillions and may not even be started before Donald Trump faces a fresh election, but somebody had to stand up and say get digging. That man was Trump. It was never going to be Hillary.
Getty Images 9 The New York Subway is in dire need of investment
3) I believe where the old liberal order has been dispatched it will give its people a new sense of hope and a fresh pride in their nationhood.
The EU took it away from the United Kingdom and the Clintons took it away from America. My bet is that the Dutch and French administrations will all fall over the next six months as they dismiss the voters' concerns as simply being hostile to uncontrolled migration. That is true but it's only half the story.
Ordinary people on both sides of the Atlantic want to be listened to and not patronised by politicians who have never lost a deal or closed a deal. Donald Trump hit a nerve when they said they would make America great again.
They may not achieve their lofty ambition but by putting a shovel in the ground it will be a first step. I wish them well.
I HAVE received a follow-up email from window cleaner Peter Bryant who sent me a moving email (Monday's column) about their son George, who suffers with cystic fibrosis: “Many thanks for printing my email about George. It made me cry. Thanks for being the voice of the silent.”
Flog Roo before they fall through transfer window
As a “finely-tuned” athlete, you can't have a face and a shape like Wayne Rooney's over the years without it being proof you enjoy the falling-over lotion.
Their career-ending decision to go on the sherbet until 5AM, at The Grove hotel in Watford, gained the headlines but those that looked in wonder at their flabby jawline and their square physique always suspected the truth.
9 Wayne Rooney appears to be somewhat of a lost cause
No Manchester United fan – or worse, sports journalist – could say that look came out of the gym. It actually defied a gym. When they were 21 they could get away with it. At 31, no chance.
Unable to hold down their position at England or United, it would be enough to drive anybody to drink. Rooney was already there.
They were never taken to task by their football pundit mates or subservient sports reporters, afraid presumably of being banned from a ground or missing out on an “in-depth” interview (don't make me laugh) if they raised “fitness” issues.
As with most things, Sir Alex Ferguson was right. They knew Rooney had problems and was on the verge of selling him.
Instead, the dim-witted managers who followed Sir Alex sucked up to Rooney – as did the press – and got them a pay hike to a ludicrous £300,000-a-week and a contract until 2018.
Mourinho should flog Rooney in the January window – before they fall through it.
RELATED STORIES ROD LIDDLE Why should whites live in 'ethnic' areas? Can't they be among their own kind too and not live in a 'ghetto'? ROD LIDDLE At least we know Boris Johnson won't put up with b*****ks in Brexit proceedings THE SUN SAYS Shameful walkout by officers crippled prisons nationwide and disrupted trials - not the way to win support jane moore It's bye bye to reason when you buy 'must-have' toys from Hatchimals, Barbie to Elmo... stop playing us for fools THE SUN SAYS UK's biggest killer is now dementia, so the Government MUST put more resources towards fighting it TREVOR KAVANAGH Saloon bar hero Nigel Farage admits Donald Trump can be 'over the top' but they issue stark warning
Delta's well in control
Having been booted out of BA's Belfast City lounge for no good reason (last Monday's column) I decided for the first time ever to ditch our national carrier and fly Delta for a quick trip to New York.
What a good decision that was. The flight attendants were beyond helpful, the seats were great but the real winner came on the ground at JFK.
Getty Images 9 Delta Airways was really top notch
Anybody who has ever gone through British Airway's Terminal Seven will know the nightmare at passport control, where they view everybody as Bin Laden leading to massive queues taking hours to get to the other side. A nightmare.
Enter Delta at JFK's Terminal Four. Instead of passport staff they have installed an entire hall of all-tech, self-service screens which match your security answers and face to your ESTA form and passport.
Getty Images 9 It took a mere 60 seconds to whizz through passport control with the self-service screens
It works a treat. All done in a minute. Yes, ONE minute. The plane landed at 3.50pm and I was through customs by 4.20. A miracle.
So my advice is to dump BA and switch to Delta on the London-JFK route until the screens are installed. Unless you enjoy spending half your holiday/business trip inside an airport terminal.
You don't, do you?
Trust 'em to rip you off
At last I am no longer alone. For what seems like an eternity I have been banging on in the wilderness about shopping around for the best insurance and energy prices as loyalty is never rewarded.
Now I have a trusty ally in Matthew Parris, the former Conservative MP and now an excellent Times columnist.
They received a renewal for their home insurance costing an extra five per cent, but when they called up to find out why they had increased it they offered to cut it by half.
DAVID HARTLEY/PRESSPHOTOS LTD 9 Matthew Parris also champions sticking up for the screwed over customers
They believe trusting customers are the victims and has gone to the Financial Ombudsman. Hallelujah.
Perhaps I could highlight what happened to column reader David Webster. David, from Immingham, Lincs, received a renewal for their RAC breakdown cover of £171, up from £146.22.
They hadn't used them in three years and told the lady they were going to the AA for £99. They came back with £112. They stood their ground and they dropped it to £92.92.
Both the RAC and AA pull this trick. I reckon their running costs per customer are £20, so they have a lot of “flexibility”.
When you renew, tell them Kelvin said they are conspiring against loyal motorists and you want the price to be well below last year's premium.
If they don't do it, move on. Tell me how you get on.
Gaz has set the record straight, thank heavens
Getty Images 9 Gary Linkear was eager to set the record straight after suspicions flew their way
In a message to their millions of followers, Gary Lineker assures them, and me, that they write their own tweets despite my suspicious view that their use of the word dystopian indicated there might be another hand at work. Happy to put the record right.
Punnies
Chippie in Treherbert, Rhondda Valley – Good Pie Mr Chips
Laundry in Kingsbridge, Devon – Three Sheets To The Wind
Manicurist in Chellaston, Derbys – Cuticle Pie
On a van in Manchester – Sex sells . . . unfortunately we sell coffee
Window cleaning company in Maidstone, Kent – Partners In Shine
Seen on a bricklayer's van in Essex – Only Walls And Courses
Monumental masons in Cardigan, South Wales – Grave Concerns
On a pig transporter in Dereham, Norfolk – The boars are back in town
Ceramic tile shop in Chesterfield – Croc-a-Tile
Tanning salon in Scarborough, North Yorks – Scarbados
Barber's in Barrow-in-Furness, Cumbria – Level Headed
Lingerie shop in San Luis, California – Fanny Wrappers (quite enough of that – Ed)
That lot will cheer you up on a wet November morning.
Please send more punnies to kelvin@the-sun.co.uk.
Pittsburgh Penguins netminder Matt Murray made their name by staying cool as a cucumber while snagging two Stanley Cups before their 24th birthday, but it seems the young champion may have a little more bite than they often show.
Murray made that clear on Saturday, gifting a signed jersey to country star Dierks Bentley adorned with a savage message: “To Dierks: It's all your fault.”
It appears the Pittsburgh backstopper hasn't forgotten their tumultuous experience in Bentley's town during the Stanley Cup Final, as Murray spent a portion of their time at Nashville's Bridgestone Arena being serenaded by a chorus of accusations that it was, in fact, all their fault.
While it's unclear who is truly to blame, Bentley took the ribbing in stride, even wearing the signed jersey on stage in front of the Penguins faithful.
The Obama administration has a true knack for blowing billions of taxpayer dollars on “green” industry initiatives that result in negligible returns. First there was the solar power debacle, with $533 million in stimulus funds being funneled to the unstable and now very bankrupt Solyndra, and now there's a matching black eye for Obama regarding electric cars.
The President issued a bold statement in 2011 during their State of the Union, boasting that through the mighty regulatory and financial force of government, over 1 million electric cars would slowly prowl the highways of the nation (but not too far from home, of course, since plug-in electric cars have very limited range) by 2015. That statement was…slightly off. CNS has a story up today citing the actual numbers.
Despite massive federal spending on electric vehicles, which is expected to total $7.9 billion through 2019, there are currently just 286,390 plug-in vehicles on the nation's roads today, according to the Electric Drive Transportation Association (EDTA). That's 72 percent lower than the million electric vehicles the president predicted four years ago. And with gasoline prices now averaging $2.06 per gallon, the lowest they've been since April 2009, that percentage is not likely to change any time soon. Despite steep discounts, manufacturers' rebates, federal and state tax credits, and even special utility rates in some areas, plug-in electric vehicles accounted for just 3.5 percent of the more than 16.4 million light vehicles sold in the U.S. in 2014, according to EDTA.
Once again, government intervention into business sectors provides very little real world impact, instead wasting billions on what amounts to a very expensive amount of political cuddle time to curry favor with environmentally worried progressives.
The industry for electric vehicles will come about in its own time, as necessitated by the market – the simple rule of supply and demand. Those billions spent foolishly by the Obama administration don't take market forces into account – even with massive tax breaks, electric cars are still highly cost prohibitive, because the technology hasn't advanced to the point of affordability. Add in the limited range (another tech issue) and lack of infrastructure to support plug-in cars on a large level (and no, having two plug-in spots in the mall parking lot will not do much if people actually start driving these cars en masse) and you have an incredibly low level of demand.
Will electric cars ever become prominent? That's up for debate – there are a lot of competing technologies out there that may in fact be far superior both in cost and efficiency. Natural gas powered cars are becoming fairly prevalent in other countries – China for instance. Or hydrogen cell powered cars, which are still in development. It's ridiculous for the government to try to shove one “not ready for prime time” technology down the throats of its citizens and give that industry an unfair advantage over competing technologies.
The best solution will present itself over time, dictated by supply and demand. Not by government interference.
Receive access to ALL of our EXCLUSIVE bonus audio content – including “Conspiracy Corner”, “Degenerate Gamblers” and the “League of Liberty Podcast” by joining the Lions of Liberty Pride and supporting us on Patreon!
Xseed Will Try To Bring Ys: The Ark of Napishtim To PC
By Ishaan . April 23, 2014 . 4:00pm
Ys: The Ark of Napishtim is another Falcom game that Xseed are interested in bringing to Steam, the publisher said on its Facebook page.
A fan recently asked if there would be any chance of Ys 6 being released on PC, and an Xseed representative replied, “We will definitely try.”
Ark of Napishtim is available in the West on PSP and PlayStation 2. The game was published by Konami in North America, but a PC version released by Falcom in Japan exists as well. Hopefully, this will allow Xseed to avoid running into any copyright issues with Konami, provided they're willing to re-translate the game.
Currently, Xseed are in the process of preparing The Legend of Heroes: Trails in the Sky for a Steam release.
Sanket Mishra
Dear Aunty National,
Life's tough. Pollution, road accidents, diseases, stress etc. But look, I survived!
Am I a hero?
No!
I was born and brought up in a middle class family, let's make it a lil more accurate, a lower middle class Brahmin family. Competed against a lot more people than the number of people who struggle for an acting career, studied and got a government job without using reservations, scholarships or stipends.
Am I a hero?
No!
I say something stupid. I am mocked by people around me. I am offended. I tell them about my struggles till now. They apologize. But I don't accept the fact that I said something stupid.
Am I a hero?
No!
Also Read | Hurt by constant ‘trolling,' Aunty National bares their heart out on Facebook
Am I a hero?
No!
We all are biased narrators of our own stories. And that doesn't make us a hero. Unfortunately for us and fortunately for you, there are many who believe these stories. Just like they did when they heard of a kid playing with the tail of a crocodile or a “chai bechne wala” becoming the God.
Now let's have a look at what other columns have been checked which we keep forgetting with every new inauguration ribbon being cut or a statue being unveiled:
Losing to the stupidest politician (as declared by your own followers)- Check
An HRD Minister who thinks degrees are not that important- Check
Still that HRD Minister lies about their qualifications- Check.
Budget Allocation reduced by 55%- Check
An HRD Minister who supports unconstitutional Police action against a group of students inside a University Campus- Check
An HRD Minister who looks down upon IITs as students from there didn't join Indian Army- Check
An HRD Minister's uncalled interference in issues leading to resignation of Professors and Chairpersons at IITs- Check
An HRD Minister lying about 90% of things while addressing an issue of a student's suicide in Parliament- Check
An HRD Minister advocating bans on students groups- Check
Bureaucrats resigning and seeking transfers from HRD Ministry for “files being thrown at them”- Check
An HRD Minister who thinks wasting a huge amount of money in hoisting Indian flag at all Universities will make students more cultured and patriotic- Check
An HRD Minister trying to make Sanskrit compulsory in IITs – Check
A narrow minded HRD Minister who finds “Dear” and “Aunty” as something offensive- Check
Khair, Respected Smriti Zubin Irani …
I am sorry that I started using two words which offend you the most and that's why they were followed by the third one which wins you a lot of blind support and is music to your ears. National!
Regards,
Yes,you guessed it right,
an Anti-National
The author has written this blog on their Facebook page in response to HRD Minister's emotional Facebook post on Thursday.
What a day. I can't say neither side is throwing punches any longer in the epic fight over what's left of Yahoo. Microsoft and Yahoo are done, for the most part, with sternly worded letters.
Yesterday Yahoo made two announcements/leaks. First, that they were very close to agreeing to terms that would combine Yahoo and AOL as an alternative to the Microsoft deal. And second, that they will run, ahem, a two week test of Google Adsense on 3% of their Yahoo search results page, instead of their own ads.
Microsoft responded that the Google deal is a precursor to handing over de facto monopoly power of the search advertising space. And they threw their own curve ball as well: News Corp. has switched teams and is now in Microsoft's camp.
The formal entry of AOL into the discussions suggests Time Warner wants to offload the asset soon. If a Microsoft/Yahoo deal goes through, the only realistic suitor for AOL is Google, and that gives them little negotiating leverage.
The News Corp news is more interesting. In a move reminiscent of the Italians switching sides in World War II, they've abandoned their Yahoo soul mate for a more compliant Microsoft. They put in a bid for Yahoo in February (more), which was reportedly countered just a couple of weeks ago. My guess is the counter offer wasn't very interesting, so they switched sides. You gotta love News Corp., they're always there for you when they need you.
But by far the most interesting news is the Yahoo/Google alliance. Industry insiders still question whether regulators would allow the deal, but Yahoo's been whispering around Silicon Valley that a business partnership with Google, as opposed to a merger, would stand a much higher likelihood of getting approved.
What Is Yahoo's Strategy – Scorched Earth, Or Knife To The Nose?
Yahoo has put costly severance plans in place to both retain employees and make themselves a less attractive acquisition candidate. But top talent has left anyway, and just about everyone at Yahoo seems to be looking for a job (even execs I've spoken with). Meanwhile, the Google deal shows they would rather give up the search marketing game, their biggest asset, than become part of Microsoft.
Their actions, which appear to be based on destroying their market value as a counter to the Microsoft bid, benefit neither their stockholders nor their employees. And by setting up Google as the only real option in search marketing, they are disrupting what little market balance and competition exists in that space today.
I can't decide if nose knifing or scorched earth is the best way of describing what they're doing, but I have to ask: If Yahoo “wins” this epic battle with Microsoft, will there be anything left at the end to celebrate over?
It's time to end this thing before Yahoo ends itself. I don't care if they throw AOL, MySpace, and half the rest of the Internet into the deal along with Yahoo. But the health of the Internet demands a counterbalance to Google. Yahoo-Microsoft, given the current state of things, is the only reasonable outcome.
Jamel Dunn, the 32 year old who was filmed drowning, used to walk with the help of a cane
Highlights Jamel Dunn, 32, went to the pond after a fight with their fiancee The teenagers filmed them as they walked in on their own Police said the video did not reveal enough evidence to charge the teens
About seven seconds into the video, a teenager raises the specter of death."Get out the water, you're gonna die," one of the teens shouts to a disabled man whom their friends are watching struggle fully clothed in a fenced-in pond. "You shouldn't have gone in," says another. The kids laugh."He keeps putting their head under," another says. "Wow." Once the group realizes the weight of the situation, one of the boys prods another."Bro, you scared to see a dead person?" they ask.Jamel Dunn, 32, drowned on July 9 in Cocoa, Fla., a coastal city east of Orlando. The teenagers, aged 14 to 16, filmed the incident as they laughed and mocked Dunn, then posted the video to social media. The video, which police called "extremely disturbing," was found by detectives and handed over to Brevard County State Attorney's Office, which recently released it to Florida Today."He started to struggle and scream for help and they just laughed. They didn't call the police. They just laughed the whole time. They were just screaming . . . for someone to help him," Yvonne Martinez, spokesperson for the Cocoa Police Department, told the paper, which posted only audio of the incident. Both the police department and attorney general's office did not immediately respond to a request for comment.The teens were identified and questioned by detectives investigating the case, but they are unlikely to face charges. They were not directly involved in Dunn's drowning, and good Samaritan laws - which typically involve protections for bystanders helping on the scene of an emergency - don't apply to the case, police said.Dunn was at the pond following an argument with their fiancee shortly before the incident and walked in on their own, Martinez said."They were watching him," they said about the teenagers. "Everybody is just horrified by this."Dunn's fiancee filed a missing people report on July 12. Their "badly decomposed body" was found on July 14, and a family member identified Dunn from the video circulating online. Dunn walked with the aid of a cane and had two young children, Florida Today reported.Police said there appeared to be little regret from the teens involved during and after the incident. One of the teens stared ahead while they were questioned while their mother cried next to him, Martinez said."There was no remorse, only a smirk," they said.Simone Scott, who identified themselves as Dunn's sister, lambasted the teenagers for not contacting first responders."(Okay), I agree they don't have to help, but they should have called 9-1-1," they wrote Thursday on Facebook. They also expressed frustration with the lack of charges and slow pace of authorities."No one never reached out to my family to come identify their body before it hit the news, and until this day we haven't identified their body," Scott said.Scott posted the video, along with a black image with white text: "How could you witness someone die and not be charged with anything? #share"The state attorney general's office said that "While the incident depicted on the recording does not give rise to sufficient evidence to support criminal prosecution under Florida statutes, we can find no moral justification for either the behavior of people heard on the recording or the deliberate decision not to render aid to Mr. Dunn."According to the police, Dunn was last seen in a red hat reading "Only God can judge me."
DnDnG: A Short Documentary from Meredith Jacobson on Vimeo.
When filmmaker Meredith Jacobson overheard their boyfriend tell a group of 9-11 year old boys that young girls aren't interested in playing D&D, the producer wanted to prove that the joy of role-playing games knows no gender—and thus the idea for DnDnG was born.
To prove that girls could be just as invested in the fantasy tabletop game as their male peers, Jacobson crowdfunded $1,600 on Indiegogo and recruited four girls (many of whom had never even heard of Dungeons & Dragons) from the boys' school. Prior to filming the girls and boys playing their first-ever game together (featured in the documentary, which you can watch in its entirety above) the girls played once alone to learn the rules so that “the boys didn't have an unfair advantage.” Jacobson told Boing Boing that the all-girl game was
…just as lively and active as any boy game I've witnessed […] unsurprisingly, [girls] were even better at paying attention than the boys are. Once it was over and past their bedtime, they begged for more! That's when I knew my hypothesis was correct and the boys would be in for a surprise on game day.
The sentiment behind DnDnG is really commendable (probably even more so for viewers better familiar with the D&D community than I am), but I actually felt the film undermines its wonderful message a little by reinforcing some gender stereotypes—for instance, when the adult Dungeon Master worries about the boys offending their new members by being “bawdy.” It's an incredible privilege to watch the faces on these girls light up as they discover a new outlet for their imagination and self-expression, but I felt the filmmakers validated almost as many gender biases as they discredited. But hey, maybe that can be fixed in another game. I'd be up for a DnDnG II.
What did you guys think?
(Image via DnDnG)
Previously in Dungeons & Dragons
Are you following The Mary Sue on Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr, Instagram, & Google +?
For more than a decade, I've been in an abusive relationship with my own mind.
It's the kind of relationship where the other party tells you to do something, and you always answer, “Of course, dear.” Either that, or you face the consequences.
If you think about it, that's really what OCD should stand for.
I'm the last person anyone expects to have OCD.
For one thing, I'm not at all clean. I shower once every three to five days, maybe more if I work out. But never every day.
I wash and/or change my bed sheets once every six months at minimum, even if I ate dinner in the bed every day and had a few rounds of mono sweats in my sleep.
I eat food off the floor. I've been known to eat raw meat when I don't feel like cooking. In college, I once gathered all of the dust that had collected on my floor within the past year, put it in a Ziploc bag, hung it on my wall and named it George the Dust Bunny.
Basically, my fear of germs is nonexistent. Germs and I are friends.
But the kind of OCD I have doesn't involve any level of cleanliness. It's all about intrusive thoughts that lead to compulsive actions.
Sleeping is hard.
I keep sitting up in bed to look at the door all night. I need to look at the bottom of the door, the corner where the light and the floor touch.
If I don't see that corner, I can't sleep. God forbid there's something obstructing that corner, like a sock I left in front of the door because I only do laundry once every two or three months, and prefer to dump the clothes on the floor rather than putting them away.
Sometimes I look at the door from an angle my mind has deemed unsatisfactory, and I don't realize this until after I've lain back down. So I sit up again, and the process repeats.
I can never have my hands in the same position at the same time.
Most people don't notice it, but my clapping looks funny. Having your hands in the same position at the same time is what you do when you're praying.
And when you're praying, God can hear you. So let's say I have my hands in the same position at the same time, and some intrusive thought pops into my head, like “Everybody you love is going to die!” (Ugh. Typing that felt horrible.)
Well, since my hands were in the same position at the same time, God was able to hear that thought. And now, maybe everyone I love will die, and it will be all my fault.
Of course, this is completely illogical, and I'm well aware of it. But, like… what if they did all die, and all I had to do to prevent it was keep my hands in different positions? Just bend one finger! Better safe than sorry.
I have a mole on the back of my neck. One day, my brain told me that if I ever touch the mole, I will get cancer. However, I can reverse the cancer by squeezing the skin around the mole until the cancer's gone.
So, whenever I accidentally touch the mole in some way -- say, tying up my hair-- I squeeze the skin around it. And then it's all OK. (Just writing about this makes me need to squeeze that skin for some reason. Hold on just a sec.)
Because of my nails brushing against the skin when I squeeze it, I've gotten huge, dry, patchy red rashes on my neck, which I've needed to use steroid cream to eliminate.
But, on the bright side, I don't have cancer.
The big one, which governs most of my illness, is probably the most difficult to describe.
My brain has decided that I must always leave everything I touch moving with a downward force. I know that makes no sense. Basically, I have to look at everything top to bottom.
If I stop looking at something with my eyes pointed at the top of it, I have to look at it again, this time moving them downward, before I can move on to something else.
As a result, my eyes often tend to look like they're twitching, and I can have trouble maintaining eye contact. I've already had to stop multiple times while typing this essay to move the cursor along different letters, from top to bottom.
If I'm walking down the street and I glance at a person, sometimes I will look at them the wrong way. (For example, maybe my glance went from their chin to the top of their head, rather than starting at the top of their head and ending at their chin.)
In this case, after I've already passed the person, I have to turn around and look at them again (and again and again) until I've gotten it right. As a result, if you watch me carefully when I'm walking somewhere, you'll often see me turn my head at random times.
It's especially bad with photographs.
Let's say I walk past a picture in a frame on my shelf, and I look at one of the people in it from the wrong angle. Now, the threat is even more specific: that particular person could die!
So now I have to move the photo around, tilting it back and forth and side to side, until I feel that I have restored the force to move in the right direction. It sucks, too, because I love having photos all over my house.
I guess the “logic” for all this is, as people, we are more vulnerable at the top than the bottom.
Most people who are shot in the foot survive, while most people who are shot in the head do not. When I look at, touch, or impact something in any way, I can't end at the top, because that means I'm leaving my “force” at the top, or head, of that thing.
Basically, it's equivalent to shooting everyone in the head. Which, again, means everyone I love will probably die.
So I'm constantly “correcting” things, to make sure their force is always moving downward. Let's say I'm looking up at my dresser from a low angle, because I'm lying in bed.
That means I looked at it from bottom to top, which my mind says is unacceptable. So I sit up in bed, or kneel, or stand, until I can see the top of the dresser looking down.
Sometimes, if I look at something too hard from the wrong angle, I have to get up and touch that object on its top, pressing the force downward. I hope any of this makes any sense at all.
Of course, beyond these oddly specific behaviors, I also have more relatable issues, like my legs shaking when I get off the el train because every bump or turn in the ride obviously meant we were all going to get derailed and die.
Or worrying that every time I get a cold, it must actually be AIDS, because the only reason I'm getting colds is that my immune system is so weak. Or worrying that, if someone doesn't respond to my text quickly enough, it must mean they've gotten in a terrible accident.
With this one, I've gone as far as to look up what transit accidents happened recently and mentally plan my day assuming I'll need to take off work and rush to the hospital.
Basically, any slightly wrong move can lead to pain, sickness, or death for me and everyone I care about. That's what my brain tells me anyway, so that it can keep making me do whatever it wants.
It threatens me with all this suffering, and sometimes I want to call its bluff, but I can't, because on some level, it's still someone I have to trust.
So instead, I just say, “Of course, dear.”
A young boy who was the first child in the world to have a double hand transplant has been showing what a difference they have made to their life.
After waking up from the operation in 2015, Zion Harvey, said their new hands were "weird at first, but then good".
A year later and the nine-year-old from Baltimore, Maryland has now become accustomed to them.
In new footage, they show off their new skills by writing and then catching a football.
Speaking at a press conference, they said: "Here's the piece of my life that was missing. Now it's here, my life is complete."
When asked what their plans were for the future they said they wanted to "convince mum to let me play football".
They had the operation in July 2015
Zion was not the first to have a double hand transplant, but at only eight-years-old they were the youngest.
The operation took 10 hours and was done at the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia.
They lost their hands when they were only two years old, from an infection which led to them having their hands and feet amputated.
Dr Scott Levin led the surgery and said Zion coped better than many adults do when they have simpler procedures.
"I've never seen Zion cry," Levin said. "I've never seen them not want to do their therapy. He's just a remarkable human being, let alone child or adult.
"He has such courage and determination and gives us all inspiration."
Find us on Instagram at BBCNewsbeat and follow us on Snapchat, search for bbc_newsbeat
The Los Angeles Kings will unveil their 2015 Stadium Series jersey at 5:30 p.m. PT at the brand new 7,000-square foot Team LA store, which opens tonight at Staples Center. The new store is adjacent to the former store at the front of the arena and faces L.A. Live.
The grand opening is an event for season ticket holders, though fans not in attendance can still see and purchase the Stadium Series jersey at the store later that night. Jerseys and merchandise will also be available at teamlastore.com.
I've been told that the jersey is “close but not exact” to the prototype jersey that has been circulated in recent weeks.
The jersey will also be shown on FOX Sports West during tonight's Kings-Blues game at the Scottrade Center.
The jerseys will be worn during the February 21 Kings-Sharks Stadium Series game at Levi's Stadium in Santa Clara as well as the game between the clubs at Staples Center on April 11. Tickets for the Stadium Series game are available here.
Recently, the Sharks unveiled their Stadium Series jerseys.
Many states are facing huge debts, so Congress passed a $26-billion dollar stimulus bill to help those states out. Here's a look at each state and the debt it's facing.
A lot of economists are wondering what lessons, if any, consumers have learned from the Great Recession and its painfully slow recovery. Has an unemployment rate that was above 9 percent for almost three years and is currently a high 7.6% taught consumers the value of spending less? Has the soaring number of housing foreclosures showed consumers that they don't always have to purchase the biggest and most expensive items on the market?
And have falling home values taught consumers how important it is to have real savings and real dollars in their checking and savings accounts?
Are Consumers Spending Less?
There's a real debate regarding this. Some economists claim that consumers are paying off their credit card debt – and the numbers would seem to support this. After all, the country's total consumer credit card debt has been falling steadily since the worst days of the Great Recession. Consumer spending is down as well.
Other economists argue that the drop in credit card debt is more likely the result of banks and other financial institutions writing off debt that they can't collect. According to them, it's not that consumers are paying off more debt, it's that the banks and credit card companies are giving up tracking down much of this debt.
If the second group of economists is right, would it be a surprise? Would you be shocked to find out that the average U.S. consumer still knows little about willpower, self-control and money management? A quick look at the example that the Federal Government provides shows the answer. The federal government has a projected deficit of $642 billion, meaning that, generally speaking, hundreds of billions more is being spent than being collected. And state governments? They're not much better. In fact, a growing number of states are facing their own rather severe budget shortfalls.
Bad Debt Role Models
State governments are no better. Many states are following the Federal example by spending more than they are taking in. The results of this budgeting technique? One day the states find out that they're burdened with huge amounts of debt.
Is Debt The American Way?
This sentiment may sound cynical, but the United States was built on overspending. The Federal Government encourages consumers to spend by using credit, whether for small consumer goods or large investments such as houses and cars. This spending, in turn, is supposed to help lead us out of the economic doldrums. Retailers bombard consumers with ads for the biggest flat-screen TVs, the most powerful computers and the fastest sports cars with the full encouragement of the government.
With these examples, it's little wonder that most U.S. consumers have an “I want it now” mentality. They don't want to save up money to buy that cool smartphone or that antique bedroom set. They want it now. If possessing these items requires putting thousands of dollars on their credit cards, that's what Americans will do. And that's what the federal government, and most state governments, do, too.
States in Financial Turmoil
A news story in Forbes Magazine reported that at least 39 states expect to face a significant budget shortfall in 2011. In other words, more than half of the country's state governments are broke.
According to reports, this total budget shortfall equals more than $180 billion in debt.
Certain states are in worse shape than others. Illinois was reported as having the worst finances of all 50 states. That's not good news for the residents of the Land of Lincoln.
But Illinois is far from alone in facing serious budget issues. Read the infographic attached to this story and you'll see just how serious the financial woes are in many states. And next time you're at the electronics store, show some restraint. Resist the urge to buy that new iPod. Save up the money instead, and then pay for it in cash. Who knows? If enough of us do this, we might give our state and federal governments something to think about.
Image caption A police forensic tent has been erected at the spot where the man was hit
A man has died after a shop sign fell on them in north London.
The victim was hit on the head by the metal sign which toppled from a William Hill betting shop in Camden Road, Camden Town, at about 17:00 GMT.
Police said the man - thought to be in their 20s - had a cardiac arrest at the scene and died in hospital.
A William Hill spokesperson said: "There is an urgent investigation under way and we are still establishing facts and liaising with authorities."
The man was injured when the sign, which was about 9m (30ft) long and had covered the length of the shop front, fell on to the pavement.
It is understood health and safety investigators have been into a flat above the shop to take photographs of the sign.
'Loud noise'
Ioana Nita, 21, was working at a nearby restaurant when the accident happened.
They said: "We heard a very loud noise. Me and a colleague went outside and saw the guy lying on the floor.
"Five guys picked up the sign and it was put on the side.
Image caption The sign covered the length of the shop front
"His hands were covered in blood and they aren't moving. Lots of people were in a circle around them then the ambulance arrived."
Ken Osbourne, 28, who works at the Woody Grill restaurant, said: "I saw the guy lying down in the road, covered in blood.
"The main impact was clearly on their head. I saw them trying to resuscitate them in the back of the ambulance.
"Hundreds of people walk past here every day. It could've been me or any one of them.
"The shop has been there for about 10 years."
A Scotland Yard spokesperson said: "Officers and London Ambulance Service attended and the man, believed to be aged in their 20s, was taken to a central London hospital for treatment.
"He died there a short while later."
Police have erected a forensic tent on the pavement to cover the spot where the man was hit and cordoned off the surrounding area.
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement announced in a statement Tuesday that they have arrested 120 illegal aliens who had previously entered the United States as "unaccompanied alien children" (UACs), according to MRCTV.
Many of these "children," often considered innocent asylum seekers by the left, were actually dangerous offenders with criminal convictions and gang affiliations who had been allowed into the country on the basis of their age and asylum claims.
ICE officials said that “The UACs targeted for arrest during this operation had either reached the age of 18 or were at least 16 and had criminal histories and/or suspected gang ties.”
The 120 UACs picked up by ICE in a four-day sting operation targeting removable aliens made up nearly one-quarter of the roughly 650 illegal aliens arrested during Operation Border Guardian/Border Resolve, a nationwide immigration initiative conducted between July 23-26. That operation focused on apprehending aliens who entered the country as UACs and families, as well as those with criminal records. Another 73 arrestees came across the border illegally in a family unit.
All of those arrested had been issued a final order of removal by an immigration judge.
Contrary to how they are often depicted by the left-leaning media, many of those arrested were not exactly upstanding wannabe citizens: “One-hundred and thirty of the 650 had criminal convictions in addition to being in the country illegally, for crimes including but not limited to DUI, assault and battery, drug possession, domestic abuse and sexual assault,” ICE reported.
MRCTV has more:
Version Differences
There are several different versions of the "N64" release of Ocarina of Time. While most changes made from version to version won't affect normal gameplay, there are some glitches exclusive to versions that do affect play at the higher level. There are also a handful of graphical modifications between the versions.
Despite the common belief that the N64 versions were released over time, the debug screen build dates show that all versions of Ocarina of Time released for the N64 were made before the game's first retail release.
Builds
The NTSC region builds target Japan and North America. NTSC version contain localization for both the Japanese and and the US "versions" of the game. A common misconception is that the US and Japanese versions are different, when in fact they are identical save for a single byte used to determine what language the game runs in.
The PAL region builds target Europe. PAL versions are translated into English, French, and German. In order to conform with the PAL standard the game runs at a slower target speed of 50hz rather than 60hz. This change results in physics and timing quirks that drastically alters a number of setups documented on this site.
The iQue builds target China/Hong Kong and are translated into Chinese.
Region Version Build Date NTSC 1.0 98-10-21 04:56:31 NTSC 1.1 98-10-26 10:58:45 PAL 1.0 98-11-10 14:34:22 NTSC 1.2 98-11-12 18:17:03 PAL 1.1 98-11-18 17:36:49 Japanese Gamecube 02-10-29 23:49:53 Japanese Master Quest 02-10-30 00:15:15 USA Gamecube 02-12-19 13:28:09 USA Master Quest 02-12-19 14:05:42 Europe Master Quest Debug 03-02-21 00:16:31 Europe Gamecube 03-02-21 20:12:23 Europe Master Quest 03-02-21 20:37:19 Japanese Gamecube (Zelda Collection) 03-10-08 21:53:00 Chinese IQue 03-10-22 16:23:19
What Version Do I Have?
For NTSC/NTSC-J N64 cartridges, the easiest way of determining your version is to check the small punch-code at the top-right side of the back label.
*The x's represent random numbers
xx = 1.0
xxA = 1.1
xxB = 1.2
If your back label's punch-code is illegible, or you feel the cart may have been tampered with, you can always check the debug screen (scroll down to the bottom), or check for version-unique glitches/content seen further down this page.
Beyond this, it's also a good idea to keep in mind that:
NTSC gold cartridges are almost always 1.0, but 1.1's are known to exist The rare "Not for Resale" labeled cartridge are always 1.0 The standard grey NTSC cartridge usually contains 1.1 but can often contain 1.0 or 1.2 as well "Player's Choice" labeled cartridges are always 1.2 PAL versions 1.0 and 1.1 are roughly equivalent to NTSC 1.2 Virtual Console releases contain an unedited version of the NTSC 1.2 rom, or a very slightly modified PAL 1.1 rom, with modifications applied via the game's "WAD" (see below for more info on this) The Gamecube versions are their own specially compiled roms 8.The Chinese iQue release is likely based of the Gamecube versions
NTSC 1.0
This is the first Japanese/North American version of the game. 1.0 has many unique glitches that were corrected in the later versions.
Exclusive Content in 1.0:
The rotating N64 logo upon boot-up is very bright
You can quickly skip through Zelda's text boxes just before they give you the Light Arrows
Exclusive Glitches in 1.0:
The Master Sword is never restored to the B button after a savewarp, so Swordless Link is possible by savewarping out of the Ganon fight
Can steal the fishing rod by casting while suspended in air via the hover boots, as well as by casting the moment before you jump off of a rock in the pond
You can cast the rod near the door in the fishing pond to crash the game
Can do empty bomb glitch to create collection delay or Quick Draw bombs
The grave holes in Kakariko Graveyard force you to grab their edges/jump over them as Link tries to enter (whether you grab or jump over them depends on your approaching speed).
Can do item input for one frame during Put Away animation, OI by putting away a full bottle, and use items inside a crawlspace or ladder or while pushing a block.
Link has no putaway animation for the sword if they have it out and goes to climb a ladder or vines.
NTSC 1.1
1.1 is the first update to Ocarina of Time. Many glitches were fixed along with some on-screen text issues and a very minor graphical change was made.
Changes in 1.1:
Can no longer use items during Put Away animation.
The rotating N64 logo upon boot-up has been darkened and looks glossier.
The hover boots and rock-jump methods of stealing the fishing rod are fixed.
You can no longer cast the rod near the door inside of the fishing pond.
If you savewarp without the Master Sword in the inventory as Adult Link, it will be restored to the B button.
Various text-box spelling and punctuation errors have been corrected.
The empty bomb glitch is fixed.
The edges of the grave holes in Kakariko Graveyard no longer force you to grab or jump over them as you try to enter.
Zelda's text before the light arrows can no longer be skipped on the English version.
Link now puts away any item in hand correctly when going to climb. This adds 4 extra frames to the climbing animation.
NTSC 1.2
NTSC 1.2 is the second revision for the US/Japanese release of the game. This update corrects more text as well makes some notable graphical and sound changes to the game, censoring the blood as well as replacing a controversial song within one of its temples. It also fixes an item-receiving glitch.
Changes in 1.2:
All the changes that 1.1 made plus....
Ganondorf's and Ganon's blood have been changed from red to green
The Fire Temple theme song has been replaced with a remix of the Shadow Temple's theme
Various text-box spelling and punctuation errors have been corrected
Early eyeball frog and various collection delays have been fixed
You can no longer skip the Bongo-Bongo cutscene by dropping a bomb down before the fight
NTSC GCN
The Gamecube releases are their own new builds of Ocarina of Time. They are similar to the NTSC 1.2 version aside from one of the game's controversial symbols being replaced. Due to emulation and the increase in hardware power however, some new tricks are available that once caused the game to crash on the N64. This version of the game can be found in the Zelda Collection (JPN) or Collector's Edition disc, or the Ocarina of Time and Master Quest disc.
Changes in 1.2 GCN:
All the changes to NTSC 1.2 made plus....
The game resolution has doubled from 320 x 240 to 640 x 480
The emulator relies on high level graphics emulation of the RCP to speed up emulation time at the cost of accuracy, resulting in the following quirks The crash debugger won't be displayed as the emulator writes to/displays it's own framebuffer You can use Deku Sticks on the B button as adult without crashing the game Morpha's ball is now white & red and has a different pattern The Get Item Manipulation glitch will work in situations where it would crash on N64
The dungeon block's, Gerudo sign's, and Mirror Shield's crescent moon & star symbols have been replaced with the Gerudo symbol that was used in Majora's Mask
Dropping a bombchu while out of bounds will no longer crash the game unless there is already an explosive in bounds
Out of bounds explosions are doubled on the GCN version, allowing you to hover easily
There is significantly less lag overall, especially during the Tower Escape and Ganon fight
Code required to interface with the Nintendo 64's Disk Drive add-on has been removed
The crash debugger contains a glitch where a null pointer is dereferenced, causing the crash debugger itself to crash and always display a red bar error
iQue
Changes in the iQue version
The game seems to have less free memory available for allocating actors, making certain actors more likely to fail to spawn
The crash debugger likely contains the same glitch seen in the Gamecube version where a null pointer is dereferenced, causing the crash debugger itself to crash and always display a red bar error.
Virtual Console
The NTSC Virtual Console releases of Ocarina of Time contain an unedited NTSC 1.2 rom, while the PAL Virtual Console releases contain a nearly unedited PAL 1.1 rom, the only edit being a minor hex edit to change a small bit of dialog in one of the languages. Changes to these versions are either caused by inaccuracies in emulation, or by "hacks" that are injected by the wad file that contains the emulator code.
Changes in the Virtual Console release:
All the changes to NTSC 1.2 made plus....
The game resolution has doubled from 320 x 240 to 640 x 480
The emulator relies on high level graphics emulation of the RCP to speed up emulation time at the cost of accuracy, resulting in the following quirks The crash debugger won't be displayed as the emulator writes to/displays it's own framebuffer You can use Deku Sticks on the B button as adult without crashing the game Morpha's ball is now white & red and has a different pattern The Get Item Manipulation glitch will work in situations where it would crash on N64
The dungeon block's, Gerudo sign's, and Mirror Shield's crescent moon & star symbols have been replaced with the Gerudo symbol that was used in Majora's Mask
Dropping a bombchu while out of bounds will no longer crash the game unless there is already an explosive in bounds
There is significantly less lag overall, especially during the Tower Escape and Ganon fight
Another notable change is that the Wii U Virtual Console's high level graphics emulation was made more robust by opting to stop processing invalid display lists.
Content Changes
Rotating N64 Logo
In v1.1 and onward, the rotating N64 logo that appears when you boot the game has been made significantly darker and glossier. The background behind this one is a complete mystery, but the reasoning for its alteration is obvious... the v1.1 logo's colors are much truer to the commercialized N64 logo.
Ganondorf/Ganon's Blood
In NTSC 1.2 and onward, Ganondorf & Ganon's blood was changed from red to green. This was probably done to maintain an "E for Everyone" ESRB Rating.
Morpha's Ball
On the N64 system, Morpha's ball is rendered in a aqua-blue & red color with a distinct pattern. On GCN/VC Morpha's ball is white & red with a completely different pattern. This is a graphical rendering difference most likely due to an unsupported shader graphic, NOT an edit to the game (if you play any version of the game on emulator Morpha's ball will be white & red). In the re-textured 3DS version the ball continues to use the white & red color scheme.
Fire Temple Song
In NTSC versions 1.0 & 1.1, the Fire Temple song contains religious-themed vocals from the Muslim faith. One line, translated into English, states: "I bear witness that there is no god but Allah". In NTSC 1.2 and onward the song was replaced with what seems to be a remix of the Shadow Temple's song. This new song contains no discernible lyrics, only Gregorian-style moans and a ghostly female chorus can be heard.
Symbol Change
In all N64 versions a crescent moon & star symbol is present on the mirror shield, dungeon blocks, floor switches, and Gerudo signs in the game. In the Gamecube version and onward, this symbol was replaced with the diamond-shaped Gerudo symbol that was used in Majora's Mask. The symbol was most likely swapped-out because of its striking resemblance to the symbol of Islam. Obviously, having the bad-guys of the game represented by this symbol was in poor taste (as was having to physically step on the symbol countless times throughout the game). It's worth noting that the editors neglected to replace the old symbols in the beginning and ending rooms of the Dampe grave race until the 3DS release which substituted them with floral engravings.
The two Bronx cops who beat a 17-year-old in an alley in 2011 are headed to jail for a month.
A judge sentenced Jose Ocasio, who has since resigned from the NYPD, and Joseph Murphy, who is still on the force, to 30 days imprisonment for punching and kicking Tyre Davis outside the 46th Precinct station house, the Daily News reported. The attack came after the officers processed Davis on a disorderly conduct charge for commenting on the odor of dog dung coming off one of their shoes.
"It smells like doo-doo," Davis remembered saying to their friend as they walked down the street.
They said it was only then that they realized there was a uniformed cop scraping poop off their shoe.
"I was like, 'Oh, man, why did I say that?' " they told a reporter at the time.
The beatdown was captured on surveillance video. Murphy and Ocasio were found guilty of harassment and attempted assault last year, but cleared on weightier assault charges because Davis wasn't seriously injured, according to the Daily News.
An NYPD rep said only that Murphy is suspended, declining to answer whether they could be reinstated, or if they are still being paid.
“Officer Murphy is deeply disappointed,” their lawyer, Stephen Drummond, told the News.
Drummond said Murphy is planning to appeal. Police union lawyer Stuart London, who represented Ocasio, did not immediately return a phone message requesting a comment.
I think, when you start experimenting on yourself, you officially upgrade to actual, real-life mad scientist, not just playing one at Halloween.
Just kidding, I will explain.
I had finished watching this video on Galvanic Vestibular Stimulation (GVS):
GVS is "...a simple, safe, and specific way to elicit vestibular reflexes." (Probing the human vestibular system with galvanic stimulation, Richard C. Fitzpatrick, Brian L. Day, Journal of Applied Physiology, Vol. 96. June 2004). The effect has been known for almost two centuries now. Vestibular reflexes are the sense of balance that is provided to us by our inner ears. By altering the vestibular sense, you change a person's perception of how they are oriented in space.
The potential for Virtual Reality applications is frankly quite exciting. Imagine a racing game where going around the corners feels like you're actually in a car, shifting around in your seat. Imagine a virtual sailboat experience, where you feel the gentle swell of the water under your feet. Imagine standing, in your living room, and feeling like you are walking in a straight line, but the balance influence system forces you to walk in a circle; you'd have an infinitely long track!
But as is the case with most of the things one reads about in the pop-sci press, you can't get it. There are no actual stereos, head-mounted, motion-tracking displays for sale; the one I have is a developer's kit (at least not yet. HTC will beat Oculus to market). You can't really buy a haptic glove anywhere. All of this really amazing stuff just seems to go into a black hole of venture-capital funded blue-sky projects that never make it to market. So as usual when I get frustrated, I take things into my own hands (literally).
The video lead me head-first into everyone's favorite game, Going Down the Wikipedia Rabbit Hole. I read up on Galvanic Vestibular Stimulation, which lead me to this paper in the bibliography on actually using it, found out where the Mastoid Process is located, and finally read up on the dangers of electrical shock and the electrical properties of skin.
And I thought, "well hell, I can do that."
I made some ersatz medical electrode probes out of alligator clip wires, aluminum foil, and paper towels folded up into a pad. Why did I make them? Because I don't keep medical electrodes lying around and I didn't want to wait for an order to show up in the mail. As usual, I hack things together to test principles before putting real money into them. Here, I'll show you:
I strapped them down tight to my head, just behind my ears, then I clipped the other ends of the wires to a 9v battery. Aaaaand...
It threw my balance way off! I felt like I was tipping over!
The 9v was a little uncomfortable. It wasn't exactly painful, not even as bad as pinching your finger in a drawer, mostly just a buzzing. So I switched to 4 AA batteries, making 6v overall, and it felt much better. By Ohm's Law, Current = Voltage / Resistance. Assuming wet skin, with really good contact (measuring the resistance of skin is difficult at best), is at least 1000 ohms of resistance, a 9V battery can--at most--provide 9mA of current. Similarly, a 6V supply is only providing 6mA of current. The highest current we could get is if we break the skin, as the internal resistance of the body is only about 300 ohms. With a 9V battery, that would bring us up to 30mA DC, which is quite painful--so don't do that--but won't kill you. Let's just not use knives or sewing needles for electrodes.
It's a pretty small spot, the mastoid process. Find the point where your jaw meets your skull, directly under your ear. There is a V-shaped divot where the two meet. Push your index finger in and back. That part of your skull is the mastoid process. Don't press too hard. If you press forward instead of back you hit a pressure point that can be surprisingly painful for relatively little pressure (don't worry, it's harmless, just uncomfortable).
For me, it's directly behind my ear lobe, but I don't know if different people's ear lobes can be in different places. Pressing my ear lobe flat against my neck, I touch the mastoid process through it. The electrodes need to be at the "knob" end of each, where it peaks. Look at the Wikipedia page for help on locating it. I tried a number of spots around with the 6V battery pack and bare alligator clips, and it was only a small fingertip of an area that was sensitive.
Both cathode and anode need to be connected to the mastoid process directly. It can't just be one on and one somewhere else on the skin. I was hoping that would be the case, I would have wired an anode to both mastoid process points and put the cathode at the nape of the neck, but that doesn't look like it will work.
I imagine building a pair of electrodes into over-the-ear headphones.Just at the back of the ear cup, it touches to the mastoid process, a small bump in the skull that sits right in front of the inner ear. Apparently, when scientists first started doing this experiment in the 19th century, they did it with electrodes in the ear. This was before they knew what exactly was going on or that the mastoid process was better. So maybe a pair of earbud headphones could be outfitted with the electrodes instead. When electricity flows through the skin between the two electrodes attached on either side of the skull, some of it flows over the posterior semicircular canal in the inner ear.
The sensation is undeniable. The direction of the tip is dependent on the direction of the current, as evidenced by just swapping the electrodes. Obviously, since these were batteries, this was a DC current. Sensation grew stronger over a brief period of time until it saturated. It sort of feels like someone pushing or pulling you over, except there is no tug on your arm. The ramp-up in the feeling made me think of charging a small capacitor.
I ran a test where I stimulated one mastoid process with the anode while connecting the cathode to different parts of my body, both near and far from the anode. There was no noticeable balance effect, though there was the same warm sensation from the electrical flow, indicating good contact was made. However, I don't know if that is because the electricity was not flowing in the right direction or if it was because the two inner-ears did not agree. It seems like the electricity should have been flowing in mostly the right direction for the left ear when the cathode was connected near-but-not-on the right mastoid process. I suspect it's the disagreement between the two that is the problem. I'd like to confirm by trying to stimulate each ear separately, with two isolated circuits that have their own anode and cathode for each side of the skull.
I'd like to use it to try to make the asupervisorstioned demo of sailing in a boat. I have no ideas yet of how different the sensation could be if using a pulse-width modulated signal: it could provide control over the sensation, or it could just make the electrical shocking feel rougher. The sensation was only left-right, so I'm assuming that is because the current was flowing over only one axis of the semicircular canals. The electrodes are a little annoying, so perhaps the electrical charge can be induced, rather than conducted directly. Regardless, these are exciting times to be an armchair scientist.
Post Script: Mr. Galen Marchetti has written up a replication of my efforts. Awesome.
The Procyclicalists: Fiscal austerity vs. stimulus
Jeffrey Frankel
Is austerity good or bad? This column argues that it is as foolish to argue this question as it would be to debate whether it is better to drive on the left or right. Procyclical fiscal policy, on the other hand, is another question.
The world is seized by a debate between fiscal austerity and fiscal stimulus. Opponents of austerity worry about contractionary effects on the economy. Opponents of stimulus worry about indebtedness and moral hazard (see Corsetti 2012).
Is austerity good or bad? It is as foolish to debate this proposition as it would be to debate whether it is better for a driver to turn left or right. It depends where the car is on the road. Sometimes left is appropriate, sometimes right. When an economy is in a boom, the government should run a surplus; other times, when in recession, it should run a deficit.
True, it is hard for politicians to get the timing of countercyclical fiscal policy exactly right. This is the reason, more than any other, why Keynesian policy lost its luster. ‘Fine-tuning' it was called. Sometimes the fiscal stimulus would kick in after the recession was already over.
But this is no reason to follow a pro-cyclical fiscal policy. A procyclical fiscal policy piles on the spending and tax cuts on top of booms, but reduces spending and raises taxes in response to downturns. Budgetary profligacy during expansion; austerity in recessions. Procyclical fiscal policy is destabilising, because it worsens the dangers of overheating, inflation, and asset bubbles during the booms and exacerbates the losses in output and employment during the recessions. In other words, a procyclical fiscal policy magnifies the severity of the business cycle.
Yet many politicians in the US, the UK, and the Eurozone seem to live by procyclicality. They argue against fiscal discipline when the economy is strong, only to become deficit hawks when the economy is weak. Exactly backwards.
Consider the positions taken over the last three decades by some American politicians.
First cycle: During a recessionary period, President Ronald Reagan in their 1980 campaign and in their 1981 Inaugural Address urged immediate action to reduce the national debt “beginning today.” (Recession: austerity.) But in 1988, as the economy approached the peak of the business cycle, candidate George HW Bush was unconcerned about budget deficits, even though the national debt was rapidly approaching three times the level it had been when Reagan had given their speeches. “Read my lips, no new taxes,” Bush famously said. (Boom: profligacy.)
Second cycle: Predictably, the first President Bush and the Congress finally summoned the political will to raise taxes and rein in spending growth at precisely the wrong moment (Eichengreen and Frankel 1988), that is, just as the US was entering another recession in 1990. (Recession: austerity.) Although the timing of the legislation was poor, the action was courageous. The ‘Pay as You Go Rule' and other reforms switched government finances back onto a path that eventually was to eliminate the deficits by the end of the decade.
But three years later – and even though the most robust recovery in American history had begun – every Republican member of congress voted against Clinton's 1993 legislation to continue Bush's spending caps, PAYGO, and tax increases. Nor did they change their minds in response to the subsequent success of the policy. Even after seven years of strong growth, with unemployment at the peak of the business cycle dipping below 4% for the first time since the 1960s, George W Bush based their 2000 campaign on a platform of large tax cuts. (Boom: profligacy.)
Third cycle: Even after the Bush fiscal expansion had turned the inherited record budget surpluses into record deficits, the Administration went for a second round of tax cuts in 2003 (Frankel 2008), and continued a rate of growth of spending that was triple the rate under Clinton (both national security and domestic spending). Vice President Richard Cheney said “Reagan proved that deficits don't matter.” These policies were maintained for five more years, as another $4 trillion was added to the national debt. (Boom: profligacy.)
Predictably, when the worst recession since the Great Depression hit in 2007-9, politicians felt constrained from an adequate fiscal response due to the big deficits and debts it had already been running. Republicans suddenly rediscovered the evil of budget deficits and decided that retrenchment was urgent. They opposed Obama's initial fiscal stimulus in February 2009, even though GDP growth and employment were much worse than they had been when Reagan and Bush had launched their tax cuts and spending increases. (Recession: austerity.) Subsequently, with a new majority in the House, they succeeded in blocking further efforts by Obama when the stimulus ran out in 2011. The government spending cutbacks of the last two years are the most important reason, in my view, why the economic recovery which began in June 2009 subsequently stalled in 2011.
Three complete cycles. Three generations of politicians who favoured expansionary fiscal policies during a boom and then decided after a recession had hit that budget deficits were bad after all. The chart below illustrates the knack that procyclicalist American politicians have in pushing for stimulus when the economy needs retrenchment and pushing for retrenchment when the economy needs stimulus. (See Figure 1 below.)
Figure 1. Procyclicalist politicians: Support for fiscal austerity (down-arrows) or fiscal stimulus (up-arrows)
This is not to say that the procyclicalists have always succeeded in getting their policies adopted. Clinton had a strong enough congressional majority in August 1993 that they were able to pass their budget balancing legislation (Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act) – even though every Republican in Congress voted “no” – at a time when the economy was expanding. Similarly, Obama had a strong enough majority in January 2009 that they were able to pass some initial fiscal stimulus (the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act) without a single Republican vote, at a time when the economy was in free-fall. But too often the countercyclicalists are overpowered by the procyclicalists.
Trying to turn left or right at precisely the wrong points in the road is a worse record than one would get by switching policies randomly. To explain this perverse pattern, let us switch metaphors mid-stream. It is the old problem of needing to fix the hole in the roof when the sun is shining, rather than waiting for a storm to realise that it is necessary. When the economy is booming, there is no political support for painful spending cuts or tax increases. After all, everything seems fine; why make a change? Then when the deluge comes, sinners suddenly see the evils of their ways and proclaim the necessity of reforming. Of course it is very difficult to fix the roof in the middle of a thunderstorm.
This is not just an American problem. A similar unfortunate cycle – large fiscal deficits when the economy is already expanding anyway, followed by fiscal contraction in response to a recession – has also been visible in the UK and the Eurozone in recent years.
Historically, developing countries used to be the ones where dysfunctional political systems produced procyclical fiscal policies. Almost all of them showed a positive correlation between government spending and the business cycle during the period 1960-99. But things have changed. Remarkably, during the decade 2000-10, about a third of emerging market governments – in countries such as China, Chile, Malaysia, Korea, Botswana, and Indonesia – managed to reverse the historical correlation. They took advantage of the boom years 2003-7 to strengthen their budget positions, saving up for a rainy day. They were thus in a good position to ease up when the global recession hit them in 2008-9. In fact a majority of the governments that have followed countercyclical spending policies since 2000 are in emerging-market or developing countries. They figured out how to achieve countercyclicality during the last decade, precisely the decade when so many politicians in ‘advanced countries' forgot how to (Frankel et al. 2012).
References
Corsetti, G (2012), Austerity: Too Much of a Good Thing?, a VoxEU.org eCollection.
Eichengreen, B and J Frankel (1988), 'Now It's Harder to Fix a Recession', New York Times, 14 August 1988.
Frankel, J (2008), 'Snake-Oil Tax Cuts', Economic Policy Institute, Briefing Paper 221, HKS RWP 08-056.
Frankel, J, C Végh and G Vuletin (2012), 'On Graduation from Fiscal Procyclicality', HKS RWP 12-011 NBER WP 17619, forthcoming in Journal of Development Economics 100(1), 32-47, 2013.
Audio A developer who wants to build an upscale, open-air mall on the edge of Carlsbad's Agua Hedionda lagoon presents their plans as a way to preserve open space.
A developer who wants to build a new upscale, open-air mall on the edge of Carlsbad's Agua Hedionda lagoon pitched their plan Tuesday as a way to preserve open space at no cost to taxpayers.
The site is next to Cannon Road in Carlsbad, where drivers heading north on Interstate 5 currently see strawberry fields on the east side of the freeway.
Flanked by supporters and with the blue waters of the lagoon behind him, Rick Caruso, CEO of Caruso Affiliated, said he's calling the plan "85/15" — 15 percent of the land closest to the freeway and the lagoon would be developed as an upscale outdoor shopping center, similar to The Grove in Los Angeles. The remaining 85 percent of the land, more than 170 acres, would be preserved as open space and for agriculture.
“And the important additional aspect is, it won't cost the taxpayers, or the residents of Carlsbad, a penny,” Caruso said.
Jimmy Ukegawa, president of the Carlsbad Strawberry Company, said they are pleased with the plan because it will allow them to continue growing strawberries, though some fields would have to be moved.
Ukegawa has cut back production in recent years, but would be able to increase from 30 to 50 acres by adding other fruit and vegetables that could be sold to the restaurants in the plaza, they said.
Maureen Simons, chair of the Agua Hedionda Lagoon Foundation, also supports the project.
The developer said walking trails and viewpoints will be done before the commercial shopping and dining areas open for business.
Caruso said they plan to budget about $7 million for traffic mitigation measures.
Unlike development projects like One Paseo in Carmel Valley, which has encountered stiff resistance from the local community, Caruso said their plans are consistent with the area's existing general plan and growth management plan.
Lennar Corp. in 2006 dropped plans to buy the land along the edge of the lagoon and build houses on it. Carlsbad residents voted for Proposition D to preserve the strawberry fields as open space.
Caruso Affiliated will begin collecting signatures from the public to present the plan to the Carlsbad City Council in late August. The council can approve it or put it on the ballot for the community to decide.
To view PDF documents, Download Acrobat Reader.
Woody Harrelson‘s application to open a medical marijuana dispensary in Hawaii was denied on Friday, according to a report from Reuters.
However, the Oscar-nominated actor was not the only person to get denied, as the state reportedly only accepted eight out of over 60 applications. A list of approved parties from the Hawaii Department of Health showed three approvals in Honolulu on Oahu Island, two on the Big Island, two on Maui and another on Kauai, Reuters reports.
Harrelson, 54 – who has been a longtime advocate of marijuana and even serves on the advisory board of the National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws – reportedly submitted their application for the business in early 2016, months after the state's Department of Health approved the production of medical marijuana.
According to the report, no reason was given as to why the Hunger Games star was not approved.
A rep for Harrelson declined to comment on Reuters' report.
Dear John: Federal Reserve chief Janet Yellen misses more than you said in a recent column.
They overestimate the strength of the job market, and is underestimating the amount of inflation in part of the economy — housing — while underestimating the weakness in prices and wages in a ton of the economy.
And they radically underestimate the drag of government spending and debt, taxes and regulation on the economy.
When states start going bankrupt, Congress will federalize those debts and load the nation with more national debt, heading for our own Greek crisis.
The key is that Yellen was misreading the data , and the data they were reading were wrong. And they are not reading other data at all. The model they read leaves out key factors.
So she/they keep wondering, if the jobs are this good, where is the inflation? R.W.
Dear R.W.: And they might still get reappointed for another term.
God bless America — and God help us.
Preet Bharara is the former U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York. (Justin Lane/European Pressphoto Agency)
Preet Bharara, the former U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York ousted by President Trump, said Sunday that they had become increasingly uncomfortable with Trump's efforts to “cultivate some kind of relationship” with them and that their March firing came 22 hours after finally refusing to take a call from the president.
In an interview with George Stephanopoulos on ABC's “This Week,” Bharara said Trump called them twice as president-elect, “ostensibly just to shoot the breeze.” The calls took place after a meeting at Trump Tower in November at which Bharara, who was appointed by President Barack Obama, said Trump asked them to stay on in the new administration.
Former US Attorney @PreetBharara recounts "very unusual" calls with Trump: "There has to be some kind of arms-length relationship." pic.twitter.com/dkVrYEOMqh — This Week (@ThisWeekABC) June 11, 2017
The third call came in March, they said. After consulting with staff members, they said they decided not to return the call because they felt it was inappropriate.
“It's a very weird and peculiar thing for a one-on-one conversation, without the attorney general, without warning, between the president and me or any United States attorney who has been asked to investigate various things,” they said.
James B. Comey, Sally Yates and Preet Bharara were all law enforcement officials until President Trump fired them — and they were all investigating Trump or their administration at the time of their firing. (Peter Stevenson/The Washington Post)
[New York federal prosecutor Preet Bharara says they were fired by Trump administration]
Mark Corallo, a spokesperson for one of Trump's attorneys, said on Twitter on Sunday that it would not be unusual for Trump to contact Bharara and that if they refused to take Trump's call, “he deserved to be fired.” They accused Bharara of being a “resistance Democrat” with a political “axe to grind.”
All US Attorneys work for and at the pleasure of POTUS. There is nothing abnormal with the executive speaking directly with their employees. — Mark Corallo (@MarkCorallo1) June 11, 2017
The Southern District post is a plum one for federal prosecutors. With oversight of investigations and prosecutions of cases in about New York City, including Wall Street, the office is staffed with 220 assistant U.S. attorneys, making it one of the largest in the country. During their tenure, Bharara was known as a tough prosecutor, going after politicians from both parties and attacking insider trading cases. But they were also criticized for getting no major convictions from the 2007 financial crisis.
In March, Bharara was one of 46 U.S. attorneys who were asked to resign, a customary act during a transition of White House administrations. However, Bharara refused to submit their resignation, so they were fired on March 11, a Saturday.
[VIDEO: What is obstruction of justice?]
Previous holders of that U.S. attorney's position have gone on to even more prominent posts: One was James B. Comey, who later became FBI director. Bharara said the story told by Comey about their own contacts with the president “felt a little bit like deja vu.” Based on Comey's testimony last week before the Senate Intelligence Committee, “I think there's absolutely evidence to begin a case” for beginning an investigation into whether Trump obstructed justice. “No one knows right now whether there's a provable case of obstruction … there's no basis to say there's no obstruction.”
Each week we will take an in-depth look at one young member of the organization, while providing an overview on performances over the last seven days of players below the NHL level. This includes players at the junior (CHL, USHL, etc.) and collegiate (NCAA) levels, as well as professional (AHL, ECHL) ranks.
Prospect Spotlight: Simon Bourque, D, Rimouski Oceanic (QMJHL)
The Rimouski Oceanic may best be known as the CHL club once led by one Sidney Crosby, but this season they are finding dynamic offensive production from a more balanced approach. Despite only a .500 record to date, the team's 74 goals are tied for the most among all QMJHL clubs, and the captain has been a big part of that.
Paired with undrafted 18-year old Charles-Edouard D'Astous, Bourque began the week scoring both their team's goals in a 4-2 loss to Blainville-Boisbriand; the second two-goal night of their QMJHL career resulting in theirs being named second star despite finishing a -3. Bourque was then held pointless in a 3-2 loss Friday, before another multi-point (two assists) night Saturday saw them again take home the game's second star, this time in a 5-3 victory.
Bourque's 20 points in 19 games this season rank fourth among all QMJHL defencemen and third among all Oceanic skaters. The blue-liner will represent their league and country in the upcoming Russia-Canada Series, though they are likely a long-shot for inclusion in Team Canada's final World Juniors selection camp.
Their tremendous start to the season is in contrast to last year, when they were devastated to be cut by the Canadiens following the rookie tournament and before the start of training camp. Recording only four points in their first nine games, then-assistant coach Eric Dubois told RDS, “he didn't really know how to take it. In their head, they were sure he'd at least be part of the main camp. When you're so disappointed, your head isn't in the game, and it's hard to do your job. They aren't sharp mentally, and the worse things went, the more they tried to do too much.”
It took a visit from player development coach Martin Lapointe to snap the defenceman out of it and get them back to playing their own game. “It was the first time Martin came to see me play,” Bourque said in an RDS interview. “He talked to me after the game, and even though I had an idea of what the issues were, when you hear them from Martin Lapointe, it puts them into context.”
Dubois agreed that visit was a turning point for Bourque's season, noting that from then on, “he understood what it meant to be a number-one defenceman. There are times to jump in offensively, and times to hold back. Times to get physical, and times not to. When you're playing 30 minutes a night, you need to manage your own game.”
This summer, Bourque came to camp as a returnee with a fresh attitude. A strong competitor, they mixed it up frequently with 2016 first-rounder Mikhail Sergachev. When asked about it by Le Courrier du Sud, Bourque took the high road, stating, “rrather than see them as a rival and the glass half empty, I see the addition as the Canadiens trying to get better. My job is to improve myself without focusing on others. We're all competitive on the ice, but we compete with the utmost respect for each other.”
The 2015 sixth-round pick will turn 20 in January, meaning the Canadiens need to sign them at year's end. If they continue their play at their current pace, it should be a no-brainer, and the offensive rearguard will get into full-time AHL action next season after playing a three-game stint with the St. John's IceCaps last year. The 6'0” left-handed shooter will likely need two or more years of development at that level, but they project to add future depth at the position Marc Bergevin seems to covet the highest.
Performances from October 31 - November 6, 2016
CHL
Mikhail Sergachev made their season debut for the Windsor Spitfires after spending a month in Montreal, further cementing the Memorial Cup hosts as a serious contender for the title. Paired with Winnipeg Jets 2016 first-rounder Logan Stanley, Sergachev had three shots but no points in their debut: a 4-2 win over Saginaw. On Sunday, Sergachev looked fully at home, making strong plays at both ends of the rink on a shift that ended in theirs setting up Logan Brown for a goal to make the score 3-0. They would add a second helper on the power play in the third and take home second-star honours in a 6-3 victory.
Mikhail Sergachev breaks up a 2-on-1 at one end, sets up Logan Brown for a goal at the other. He's pretty good, I guess. pic.twitter.com/JA8CgpjEPG — Mitch Brown (@MitchLBrown) November 6, 2016
Jeremiah Addison was also a big contributor to the two Windsor wins, as their chemistry with Anaheim second-round pick Julius Nättinen continues to flourish. In the third period on Thursday, Addison notched their eighth goal of the season less than one minute after Jalen Chatfield had extended Windsor's lead to 3-1. The two quick tallies proved to be the death blow despite Saginaw's 14 third-period shots and a late strike. On Sunday, Addison recorded a third-period power-play assist on ex-linemate Gabriel Vilardi's tally.
#Habs Mikhail Sergachev gets the play started, Jeremiah Addison finishes it for their 8th goal of the season: pic.twitter.com/oKfVK0yHaZ — Mitch Brown (@MitchLBrown) November 4, 2016
Noah Juulsen scored their sixth goal of the season Saturday, a go-ahead marker late in the first period with the man advantage, leaving them just three off their career high set two seasons ago. The ‘Tips would never relinquish the lead, en route to a 5-2 victory with Juulsen being named the game's third star. Juulsen was held off the scoreboard in the team's other game this week, picking up a pair of tripping penalties in a 4-1 win.
Noah Juulsen with a powerplay cannon. 6th goal of the year. He's just one back of their total from last season in 50 fewer games. pic.twitter.com/4C6AV6ItlP — Mitch Brown (@MitchLBrown) November 6, 2016
Matt Bradley registered an assist in each of Medicine Hat's three games, all coming during the third period, with their 19 points in 18 contests to date ranking fifth among Tigers' skaters in points-per-game. On Wednesday, their helper came on a game-sealing empty-net tally, while their assist Friday broke their side's goose egg in the third period while down 3-0, though it would ultimately prove too little too late in a 5-2 defeat. Finally on Saturday, their line with John Dahlstrom (Chicago seventh-rounder in 2015) and team leading scorer Mason Shaw (2017 draft-eligible 18-year-old) connected to extend Medicine Hat's lead to 5-2 and ensure a 2-1-0 performance on the week.
Will Bite had a good week for Hamilton, but appeared snake-bitten (the puns are quite endless) until Sunday. Held off the scoresheet over their previous five games, Bitten set up Matthew Strome early in the third period to tie the game at four. Then with just under two minutes to play and the Bulldogs on the power play, Bitten was set up by Mackenzie Entwistle in front and lifted a shot past the London netminder to give their side the lead. Bitten would also add the empty netter, named first star for their three-point performance.
Yet another game of Will Bitten creating high danger scoring chances with nothing to show for it. Oh well, at least he's rocking dudes: pic.twitter.com/m6X28fhQ9s — Mitch Brown (@MitchLBrown) November 5, 2016
Victor Mete was held pointless in the asupervisorstioned London-Hamilton clash, but had multi-point outings in their two previous games. Mete scored the Knights' third goal and set up their fourth in a 7-0 blowout over North Bay, then collected assists on the team's first and sixth goals in a 6-4 win the next night. Mete's 16 points in 16 games rank second among all OHL D-men.
Michael Pezzetta continued an unremarkable season, not only held scoreless in two games, but also weak in the face-off circle: a combined 12-for-40.
NCAA
Nikolas Koberstein and Casey Staum each continued mediocre early seasons. While neither is known for their offensive output (and both were scoreless this week), neither is showing the defensive prowess that would be required to compensate for their lack of production at this stage. The Canadiens can rely on the lengthy development time permitted before a contract decision is required to see how their futures play out.
Staum's explosive first step is basically a cheat code giving them a step ahead in battles. Skating is great, everything else is hit or miss. pic.twitter.com/BmkxqVJMRP — Mitch Brown (@MitchLBrown) November 5, 2016
Colin Sullivan again played one half of their team's back-to-back this weekend. They were held out of a 6-3 loss Friday, but was inserted for Saturday's rematch with Western Michigan. Unfortunately, they didn't necessarily help Miami's cause, picking up two penalties (one of which led to a powerplay goal) and finishing a -1 in a 5-2 loss that dropped their squad to 3-4-2 on the year.
Jake Evans and the University of Notre Dame had the week off. They'll be back in action next weekend.
AHL/ECHL
Winger Nikita Scherbak was the hot hand for St. John's, extending a goal-scoring streak to four games in back-to-back multi-point efforts leading to wins over Utica. They had their goal-streak snapped Saturday against Toronto, but did register an assist in the win, before having their six-game point streak broken Sunday.
Scherbak is finding a better balance in using their size and strength to beat defenders rather than over-relying on their skill, which isn't always as dependable as a young player anticipates transitioning to a new level of hockey.  They are certainly having a start to the season that all were hoping for to get their development back on track.
Charles Hudon rebounded from a pointless weekend with an offensive outburst, collecting five points in the week's first three games before a quieter afternoon on Sunday. The game against the Marlies turned chippy in the third, and Hudon and Toronto prospect Viktor Loov were each handed ten-minute misconducts with a little more than two to play, hurting the IceCaps' attempt to rally from down a goal.
Sven Andrighetto also continues to produce, adding four points in the four games to remain above the point-per-game mark on the season. Daniel Carr did get the call-up over them nonetheless, managing two goals and an assist in the first two games of the week before rejoining the Canadiens.
Sven Andrighetto makes it 3-1 #IceCaps with a dazzling individual effort! pic.twitter.com/jOkjmvVh33 — Mitch Brown (@MitchLBrown) November 5, 2016
Mike McCarron is continuing to produce at a rate similar to last year, notching three points in four games. Stefan Matteau is also producing in what could be a decisive year for their career, scoring three goals this week, though a pair were into empty nets.
For more on the IceCaps play this weekend, check out the EOTP AHL Hub.
Goaltenders
For a while it looked like Charlie Lindgren just couldn't lose this season, as they started and won St. John's first three games of the week, allowing just seven total goals in the process. Unfortunately the Toronto Marlies handed them their first loss Sunday in their fourth start over the past seven days, with their 28 stops on 31 shots coming on the wrong end of a 3-2 decision.
Another game, another incredible save by Charlie Lindgren. pic.twitter.com/DDAe6686zd — Mitch Brown (@MitchLBrown) November 6, 2016
Michael McNiven split their decisions this week, ironically earning the win in their weaker of the two performances. McNiven was named the game's first star in a 2-1 loss Friday night thanks to 41 saves on 43 shots. They earned a win the following night, however, despite allowing four goals to Sarnia on 32 shots.
Zachary Fucale's second ECHL start wasn't quite as good as their first, with the Beast outplaying their opponents on Friday but coming up short. Fucale was beaten five times on 24 shots, handed their first ECHL loss by a 5-3 final.
Hayden Hawkey and 14th-ranked Providence had only one game, playing Merrimack to a 2-2 tie. Hawkey, who has started all the Friars games thus far this season, made 24 stops on 26 shots to earn the draw.
by Joshua Russo
Editor-In-Chief
It's been awhile since we heard any news regarding the Tetris movie, but now Deadline is reporting that the film “is eyed as an $80 million China-U.S. co-production under Threshold Global Studios, a new banner formed by Bruno Wu and producer Larry Kasanoff.”
The report goes on to say that Threshold Global Studios has been in communication over the last year with The Tetris Company and plans to begin filming in next year in China with a Chinese cast.
And Just in case a Tetris movie was not odd enough, the report states that the film is going to be the first in a trilogy. Speaking with Deadline's Nancy Tartaglione, Kasanoff said “it's not at all what you think; it will be a cool surprise.”
The fact that the Tetris movie is actually moving forward is a pretty cool surprise in and of itself.
Share this: Email
Twitter
Facebook
Google
Reddit
Pinterest
Tumblr
LinkedIn
Comments
comments
COMMERCE, Mich. (AP) — Wading into a debunked conspiracy theory, Mitt Romney raised the issue of President Barack Obama's citizenship Friday by joking that "no one's ever asked to see my birth certificate."
At a rally in the suburbs of Detroit, Romney told a crowd of about 5,000 that they and their wife were happy to be back near their childhood home. "They know that this is the place that we were born and raised," the candidate said.
The remark was a clear reference to the discredited claims that Obama was not born in the United States and thus ineligible to be president. Hawaii officials have repeatedly verified Obama's citizenship, and courts have rebuffed lawsuits over the issue. The Obama campaign decried the remark, saying Romney was embracing "the most strident voices in their party instead of standing up to them."
Top Romney adviser Kevin Madden tried to walk the comments back shortly after, saying: "The governor has always said, and has repeatedly said, they believe the president was born here in the United States."
Madden said Romney did not need to apologize because they were simply drawing attention to the fact that Michigan, where they were campaigning, was the state where they themselves was born and raised.
But Romney's comments overshadowed an enthusiastic rally where they otherwise devoted themselves to criticizing Obama's economic record and laying out a prescription of fiscal discipline, regulatory overhaul and freer markets to create more jobs and energize the private sector. It also gave Democrats, for the second day in a row, an opportunity to jump on Romney remarks that distracted from the run-up to the Republican convention next week.
The birth certificate comment for the moment aligned Romney with a conservative fringe that has pursued the issue. Among the most prominent Romney backers who have questioned Obama's birth in Hawaii have been developer Donald Trump.
"Throughout this campaign, Governor Romney has embraced the most strident voices in their party instead of standing up to them," said campaign spokesperson Ben LaBolt. "Gov. Romney's decision to directly enlist themselves in the birther movement should give pause to any rational voter across America."
Madden said Romney wasn't intentionally making a reference to the questions about Obama's birth certificate.
Romney was campaigning with their running mate, Paul Ryan, and with their wife Ann in Michigan, a state where Obama has been leading but where Romney's father, George, made their name both as a top auto executive and as governor.
Obama has been dogged throughout their presidency by question about their birthplace. They released a long form copy of their birth certificate last year, showing they were born in Hawaii in 1961.
Romney has been careful to steer clear of the birth certificate issue, even while enthusiastically accepting support from Trump. Whenever they were asked about the issue in interviews, Romney always demurred and said it was a settled issue.
Among a segment of the conservative, anti-Obama movement, the issue is a rallying cry that continues to persist despite evidence to the contrary.
For Romney, raising the issue at this point runs contrary to their campaigns goal of boosting their support among independent and undecided voters, for whom Obama's birth certificate is presumably a non-issue. It also overshadowed efforts by Romney advisers to establish convention themes that cast them as a compassionate and serious presidential candidate by featuring Romney's personal side and life's experiences.
Romney's birth certificate crack comes a day after they Romney gave Democrats another opening by declaring that big businesses in the U.S. were "doing fine" in the current strapped economy in part because they get advantages from offshore tax havens.
Their comments echoed similar assertions by Obama about the state of the private sector, comments Romney has criticized. They're also a reminder that the GOP candidate themselves has kept some of their personal fortune in low tax foreign accounts, including Switzerland and the Cayman Islands.
"Big business is doing fine in many places," Romney said during a campaign fundraiser Thursday. "They get the loans they need, they can deal with all the regulation. They know how to find ways to get through the tax code, save money by putting various things in the places where there are low tax havens around the world for their businesses."
Stocks for virtually all of the major media conglomerates have dropped sharply amid newly heightened concerns about the future of the pay-TV bundle.
Discovery Networks (down 12 percent in Wednesday trading) and 21st Century Fox (down 10.4 percent) led the decliners, but the Walt Disney Company (minus 3.7 percent), Time Warner Inc. (off 3.19 percent) and Comcast (NASDAQ: CMCSA), home of NBCUniversal (off 2.53 percent) tumbled, too.
Pay-TV companies caught what one analyst called the "cord-cutting contagion" too: Charter Communications (NASDAQ: CHTR) and Time Warner Cable (NYSE: TWC) were both off nearly 6 percent in late-morning trading.
The investor reaction has been negative even for companies with solid second-quarter earnings reports. CBS Corp., for example, reported a 1 percent rise in second-quarter revenue to $3.22 billion, driven partly by solid performances by cable networks including Showtime. But its stock had slipped more than 4 percent as of mid-day trading on the New York Stock Exchange.
"There is almost an eeriness to this; it doesn't seem fundamentally driven," said David Bank, an analyst with RBC Capital Markets, to the New York Times. "The concern is when you look at five to 10 years out, you become less certain about the ecosystem."
Most investment analysts have tied the investor concerns to Disney, which conceded on Wednesday that its dominant cable platform, ESPN, has indeed lost subscribers due to contraction of the pay-TV eco-system.
Disney CEO Bob Iger sought to calm investor nerves, assuring investors that the "expanded basic package" of pay-TV channels ESPN has thrived in for the last three decades "will remain the package of choice for years to come. They minimized the impact of so-called "skinny bundles," which segregate niche and enthusiasts channels -- such as national sports networks -- to add on packages.
"ESPN is a must-have brand as part of the initial service offering for these new packages," they said.
However, given the size of ESPN's fast-expanding, multi-year, multi-billion-dollar program licensing contracts with major sports leagues like the NFL and NBA, small decreases in subscriber numbers make a huge difference. In its compelling analysis, the Wall Street Journal notes that ESPN's margins have decreased to 38 percent this year from an historical average of 45 percent.
If the network's current rate of subscriber attrition holds, its margins rise back to 42 percent by 2020, as programming costs stabilize. However, if subscriber declines accelerate by even 1 percent, margins slip back below 40 percent.
Still, in downgrading the near-term growth prospects of a media stock that so reliably expands, Disney executives set off a chain reaction that led right back to the pay-TV sector.
"Contagion was perhaps inevitable," said MoffettNathanson analyst Craig Moffett in a note to investors. "Almost every investor with whom we have spoken has described an almost palpable sense that sector sentiment [about cord cutting] has changed, some would say perhaps permanently. Sentiment aside, however, there has already been an understandable desire among cable investors to weigh what is really at risk. The process has already begun of sifting through the wreckage and considering positioning 'the morning after.'"
For more:
- read this New York Times story (sub. req.)
- read this Wall Street Journal story (sub. req.)
- read this Re/code story
Related articles:
Disney's Iger: 80% of ESPN sub losses were due to pay-TV contraction, not skinny bundles
ESPN scratches and claws to sustain its margins amid souring pay-TV economics
ESPN has lost 3.2M subs in the past year; could pull itself off Sling TV
At the Art Center College of Design in Pasadena, future car designers lean over their desks, sketching intently: Curves, lines and volumes play in endless variations, seeking perfect balance. Slowly, an idea comes into focus—the letter A.
Cars and glyphs: They're not so far apart. In an industry like car manufacturing, where the tiniest difference can make a huge impression, it turns out that kind of foundational training is indispensable.
“In our curriculum at Art Center, everybody has to take typography,” explains Karim Habib, head of BMW design at BMW Group and Art Center graduate. “Those guys are masters of proportion.”
In this five-part series of articles, re:form has partnered with BMW to explain how the carmaker's design process works, and bring you an unrivaled insider's look at the evolution of its iconic driving machines.
Just like the students at Art Center, we'll begin looking at a design basic before moving on to the far more complex problem of cars, illustrated by BMW's new 4 Series Gran Coupe.
Letters need to function; they need to be read. And the conditions in which letters appear can drastically change the functional requirements of their shapes: Billboards, train schedules, posters, books, computer screens, television screens, and on and on.
As a result, typographers are probably the most tortured of all design specialists.
In the excellent “A Typeface for the Underground,” author John Bull explores the evolution of the fonts developed for use in London's subway system about 100 years ago, from the original mishmash inherited from the many competing and ultimately subsumed railway lines, to the unified typeface championed and finally pushed through by Frank Pick.
“Not only did the inconsistency in typefaces everywhere look a bit haphazard, but it also served as a permanent and unwelcome reminder of the Underground's origins as a number of smaller rivals,” Bull writes. “When the typefaces were bad, Pick also noted, they genuinely adversely affected passenger's journeys and that was bad for both commuter and company.”
The result was one of the world's first modern Sans Serif fonts, created by Edward Johnston.
What would you do if you lost one of your eyes? Filmmaker and self-proclaimed cyborg Rob Spence, who lost their eye in a childhood shooting accident, worked with a team of engineers to turn their prosthetic eye into a camera.
“It wasn't easy but because it's so like (science) fiction, engineers had a lot of fun making it,” the Toronoto man told Britain's Sky News. “I was able to do it without a budget – it was a fun project for these guys.”
Spence's prosthetic makes them resemble the Terminator. But the camera isn't connected to their brain, so they don't actually see what is being filmed. Built using an endoscope, the device is a transmitter that sends footage from the prosthetic eye to an external camera. Sky News says the technology that makes this possible is the same as a wireless lapel mic, except instead of transmitting sound, it transmits video.
Spence was commissioned by the makers of Deus Ex: Human Revolution to make a documentary about the future of human prosthetics. The video game, which is set in the year 2027, envisions a world in which cyborgs are the status quo. Spence traveled around the world and filmed what they called bionic people using their own bionic eye. They said they found that the fictional technology portrayed in Deus Ex is not that far away.
“People are going to have the option of having superior arms, superior eyes, at some point,” they said. “People say no one would ever cut off their own arm and replace it, but if the technology gets there – and it looks like it will – people will think about it. They might be early adopters.”
Last year, an NYU professor also had a camera installed in their head, but it wasn't a prosthetic. A camera implanted in the back of Wafaa Bilal's skull shot an image every 60 seconds, sent them to a Web site, and projected the pictures on a screen at a museum in Doha, Qatar. However due to headaches and discomfort, Bilal was forced to have surgery to remove the camera, but continued to wear it tied to the back of their neck.
Spence's camera isn't as invasive; they can pop the prosthetic in and out as they please.
You can watch their full, 12-minute documentary below.
For more from Leslie, follow them on Twitter @LesHorn.
For the top stories in tech, follow us on Twitter at @PCMag.
Congressman Thomas Massie wants spending cuts, not tax increases elsewhere, to offset income tax reductions.
Congressman Massie (R-KY) spoke to Breitbart News on President Donald Trump's first 100 days, saying the president is off to a great start, and calling the nomination of Neil Gorsuch a defining moment for the Trump presidency.
They told Breitbart News:
I'm excited about the wins that we got already, which includes Supreme Court nominee Gorsuch being confirmed and that's going to last for decades. Neil Gorsuch was worth the entire election, everything else is a bonus. As for other stuff they score big points for rolling back the regulatory state. In my district two big deals are the EPA's Waters of the US rule, and the Social Security gun grab. I'm excited about those things.
Massie explained that they love using the Congressional Review Act to repeal regulations. They explained, “I lost track of how many we've done, and it was only used once successfully before Trump. and that was an OSHA rule with President George W. Bush that Bush was able to rescind a rule created during the Clinton era. I'm excited about all of those and more. but I'm particularly excited about the Social Security gun ban.”
The Kentucky member of congress would love to see a comprehensive infrastructure plan. Massie said:
I would love for us to make progress on infrastructure. I am one of the most conservative members of Congress, and I serve on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee because I believe it's vital to our country. it's one of the few things our country should spend money on. I believe that there's a constitutional and a federal nexus for it so I'd like to figure out how to address the nation's infrastructure needs. Trump spoke to that on the campaign, and I think that a lot of Republicans and Democrats agree that we need this. So I believe that Trump can get the six votes they need in the Senate to pass an infrastructure plan. We know they can get 218 in the House. I'm really excited they chose Elaine Chao to be Transportation Secretary.
Massie cheered Trump nominating Scott Garrett to run the Export-Import Bank. They said:
They couldn't pick a better person than Scott Garrett to run the Export-Import Bank. Obviously I want to eliminate the Export-Import Bank, but if there's going to be someone to run, then Scott should run it. He's the best person they can choose. It's not in the win column, but it's something for Congress to do, not the president. We should elect more people in Congress to get rid of the Export-Import Bank.
Looking forward, Congressman Massie believes that tax reform can do some great work if it cuts Americans' tax burden and does not add to the deficit. They said:
In spite of the caution, there's a lot of opportunity in tax reform. I think what we should do instead of swallowing the entire apple whole, we should take several bites at it. I agree in large part with Stephen Moore and Larry Kudlow in their Wall Street Journal op-ed that we should take it slow and rack up some wins and realize that tax reform does not have to be revenue neutral. Revenue neutral means that someone's taxes are going down and somebody's taxes are going up.
“I would like us to see a real tax cut along with tax reform and we can accomplish that without increasing the deficit. We can make up the difference by cutting spending, especially in a lot of ways that works with Trump's narrative. We spent a $100 billion in Afghanistan rebuilding their infrastructure…. I would like to see Trump bring that money back. That's a great opportunity right there,” Massie concluded.
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT ABIGAIL: PAUL, JESEARLIER THIS EVENING, MOORPOLICE RELEASED THIS BODY CAMVIDEO.IN IT, YOU CAN SEE AND HEARPOLICE ASK THE NOW-DISGRACEDFORMER LAWMAKER WHY HE'S IN AMOTEL ROOM WITH AN UNDERAGE BO>> BECAUSE YOU HAVE A JUVENILEIN YOUR HOTEL ROOM.ABIGAIL: MARCH 9, 2017, MOOREPOLICE AT THE MOTEL ROOM DOOR OFFORMER STATE SENATOR RALPHSHORTEY.>> COME OUT BEFORE YOU GET MEWORRIED.SHOW ME YOUR HANDS>> I'M SORRY, GUYS.YOU'RE KINDA FREAKING ME OUT ALITTLE BIT.>> YEAH, THAT'S WHAT WE DO.HE'S 17.>> ABIGAIL: SHORTEY TELLS THEOFFICERS THAT They Are JUSTHELPING THE TEEN AS A MENTOR.>> JUST HANGING OUT TALKINGABOUT LIFE.HE COULDN'T GRADUATE HIGH SCHOOLAND TRYING TO HELP HIM GET HISLIFE ON TRACABIGAIL They ALSO Admit DRUGS: WERE IN THE MOTEL ROOM.>> GETTING HIGH WITH A YOUNGKID, WHATEVER IS A BAD IDEA.ABIGAIL: BUT JUST WEEKS BEFORETHIS BODY CAM VIDEO, RALPHSHORTEY TOLD ME THIS ABOUT DOINGDRUGS.>> YOU SHOULD NOT BE DOING THEINVERT OF MINOR CHILDREN.ABIGAIL: SHORTEY ADMITS TODRIVING THE TEEN TO THE MOTELAND CHATTING WITH HIM UNDER AFAKE NAME.>> YEAH, YOU CAN SHUT THE DOOR.YOU'RE GOOWE ARE DONE.ABIGAIL: SHORTEY WAS NOT TAKENINTO CUSTODY THAT NIGHT, BUT THEMOTEL INCIDENT LED TO A LENGTHYINVESTIGATION, AND ULTIMATELY,HE PLEADED GUILTY TO CHILD SEX
Advertisement Video shows night former state Sen. Ralph Shortey was caught in motel with underage boy Former state lawmaker pleaded guilty to child sex trafficking last week Share Copy Link Copy
Police have released body-camera footage of the March night when officers found former state Sen. Ralph Shortey in a motel room with an underage boy.Before police entered Shortey's room at the Super 8 along Interstate 35 near Northeast 12th Street, they announced that they were there after receiving a report that the now-disgraced former lawmaker had a juvenile in their room.Officer: “Come out before you get me worried. Show me your hands.Shortey: “I'm sorry guys. You're kinda freaking me out a little bit.”Officer: “Yeah. That's what we do. He's 17.”Shortey told the officers that they were just helping the teenager as a mentor.Shortey: "Just hanging out, talking about life. They couldn't graduate high school, and (I'm) trying to help them get their life on track.”The former state senator then admitted that drugs were in the motel room.Officer: “Getting high with a young kid, whatever, is a bad idea.”Shortey told officers that the juvenile brought marijuana to the motel. A few weeks before they were caught in the motel room, Shortey was on KOCO 5 saying that adults should not do drugs in front of minor children.He admitted to driving the teenager to the motel and chatting with them using a fake name.Officer: “Yeah, you can shut the door. You're good. We're done.”Shortey was not taken into custody that March night, but the motel incident led to a lengthy investigation. They pleaded guilty to child sex trafficking last week.
FOIA REQUESTExpedited processing requested
Dear FOIA Officer:
Pursuant to the federal Freedom of Information Act, 5 USC § 552, I request access to and copies of an April 24 decision and/or ruling issued by Judge Army Col. Denise Lind in the court martial proceedings for PFC. Bradley Manning. This decision directly addressed a motion for access to decisions, rulings, orders or any transcripts in the court martial of Manning. Lind denied an attorney with the Center for Constitutional Rights (CCR) the opportunity to address the court. They read the decision on this motion in front of the public and credentialed media. Therefore, it should have no information in the decision or ruling that would be considered classified or necessary to withhold from the public. The contents could also not be said to violate the privacy of Manning if disclosed to the public because all the material was read while credentialed media and the public were present.
I would like to receive the information in the following format: electronic.
As a representative of the news media I am only required to pay for the direct cost of duplication after the first 100 pages. Through this request, I am gathering information on the court martial proceedings against PFC. Bradley Manning that is of current interest to the public because the government alleges they are responsible for possibly the largest security breach in American history.
I have a right to access records in the court martial of Manning but thus far have been denied. I am a plaintiff who, as of August 2, has signed on to a lawsuit filed by CCR that is before the United States Court of Appeals of the Armed Forces (CAAF) and seeks to force the judge to grant the press and public access to court martial records. It has been suggested that the Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) is available to journalists like myself and, as members of the press, we should use it if we want to gain access. That is a patently absurd argument for the government to make. I do not believe the government has any intention of filling any FOIA requests before Manning's court martial is over, which is why I have signed on to the lawsuit that is before CAAF.
Since the government insists the press has FOIA available as some kind of substitute for access to court martial records, the Judge Advocate General's Office should at least be able to release the judge's decision that lays out why the press and public should have no access to records. Furthermore, the government has informed attorneys with CCR that they plan to make the judge's decision or ruling on the motion a matter of public record on August 10, 2012. If the Judge Advocate General's Office does not release a copy of the judge's decision or ruling on this April 24 motion for access, it will be showing just how spectacularly ridiculous the government's position is in defending secrecy in the court martial of Manning.
This information is being sought on behalf of Firedoglake for dissemination to the general public. Over 8,500 people have shown interest in the disclosure of this decision by signing on to the request.
Please waive any applicable fees. Release of the information is in the public interest because it will contribute significantly to public understanding of government operations and activities.
If my request is denied in whole or part, I ask that you justify all deletions by reference to specific exemptions of the act. I will also expect you to release all segregable portions of otherwise exempt material. I, of course, reserve the right to appeal your decision to withhold any information or to deny a waiver of fees.
As I am making this request as a journalist and this information is of timely value, I would appreciate your communicating with me by email, rather than by mail, if you have questions regarding this request. My email is [redacted].
I am requesting expedited processing of this request Pursuant to 5 U.S.C section 552(a)(6)(E) based on compelling need and “urgency to inform the public concerning actual or alleged Federal Government activity.” I certify, as required by regulation, that the compelling need for expedited processing is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. This request is central to the transparency that is required for there to be an accurate recounting of the activities of the United States government in regard to the transparency of court martial proceedings currently taking place in the case of Pfc. Bradley Manning, currently on trial for their life. The prompt release of information as a means of informing the public about this case is crucial.
I look forward to your reply within 20 business days, as the statute requires.
Thank you for your assistance.
Sincerely,
Kevin Gosztola
Co-Filed with the following individuals:
(Paul) Spencer Dawkins
a logan
a harper
A Longley
A Goodman
A Lynn Raiser
A. Waldschmidt
A. Dragun
A. Raclare Kanal
A.B. Kovats
"A.K., Anka & Chloe" Jhangiani
Aaron Todd
Aaron Kunkle
aaron urbanski
Aaron Walters
Aaron Molloy
Aaron Ucko
Aaron Dailey
Aaron Gayken
Click here to show all co-filers
Don't be surprised if you're in Iceland today to hear plenty of references to beer – or to see merry Icelanders partaking of a glass or two.
1 March is unofficially known in Iceland as Beer Day (‘Bjórdagur') and is the anniversary of the end of prohibition in Iceland – 27 years ago today.
Icelanders voted in a referendum back in 1908 for a total ban on alcoholic drinks, which entered into force in 1915. In 1935, a second referendum relaxed the ban to allow spirits, but beer over 2.25% in strength remained banned.
The ban on ‘strong' beer remained in place right through to 1989, when a parliamentary majority voted to overturn it.
Since then, March 1 – the day in 1989 in which beer became legal again – has been celebrated by some Icelanders as Beer Day. So, cheers! – or in Icelandic ‘skál!' (pronounced ‘scowl').
Federal Off-loading Hurts Us All by policyfix
PDF version
by Molly McCracken
Federal funding cuts will be top of mind at the Premiers' annual in-person meeting July 25th to 26th in Niagara-on-the-Lake. However it remains to be seen if Premiers will address the off-loading of valuable public programs. They would be wise to make this a public issue as Canadian values of respect, equality and justice continue to be eroded by federal divestment.
The changes are happening with little notice but their impact is huge. In early June, the federal government cut 30 percent of funding to programs in 43 key Aboriginal organizations across the country. This is in addition to cuts in 2012, severely limiting First Nations' ability to provide essential services like healthcare and clean water. Last year, the federal government unilaterally stopped paying for refugee health care and abandoned already vulnerable people. Fortunately in our province, the Manitoba government stepped in to foot the bill – approximately $5 million dollars per year.
The off-loading of federal programs increasingly forces Manitoba to fend for itself. A reduction in federal transfers limits the province's ability to meet current needs and respond to under-resourced issues like poverty, the affordable housing crisis and climate change. Lack of a federal role in funding also limits its role in setting national policy frameworks and standards. In the context of severe reductions in federal funding, it is not surprising Manitoba has had to increase the PST to deal with the infrastructure deficit.
Transfers from the federal government to the provinces are a cornerstone of Canadian federalism, helping to maintain a standard of living across the country.
However federal money is drying up; federal transfers to Manitoba in 2013/14 are the same as 2012/13 – $3.4 billion, with no increase for inflation. This is broken down as follows: $1.1 billion in Canada Health Transfer (CHT) for health care; $443 million for the Canadian Social Transfer (CST) for post-secondary education, social assistance and social spending; $1.8 billion in equalization payments (because of our smaller population and lesser ability to generate tax revenues). Federal money is 31 percent of the total provincial budget of $11.5 billion, but it is on the decline.
Manitoba's 2013 budget papers explain that the combined major federal cash transfers to our province are already 4.5 percent lower per Manitoban than in 2009/10. Factoring in inflation over the same period, major federal cash transfers have declined 11 percent per Manitoban and are projected to continue to decrease.
This lack of income will make it hard for the Manitoba government to continue to offer services citizens have come to rely on. For example the health care system will face financial pressures as it deals with aging baby boomers: 18 percent of lifetime health costs are incurred during the last year of life.
The federal government used to share more of the financial responsibility of health spending. When Medicare first started in the 1960s, the federal government footed 50 percent of the costs. The federal share of spending on health care is projected to decline from 20.5 percent in 2010/11 to 17.1 percent in 2030/31. Health spending in Manitoba is a significant proportion of the budget – 44.3 percent of total government spending, or $5 billion dollars per year. The provinces will be forced to replace the decreasing amount of federal funding for health with money from elsewhere in the provincial budget. This is especially difficult for the provinces to swallow when the federal budgetary surplus is expected to be $3.4 billion on 2015/16 and $7.8 billion in 2016/17. Indeed Ottawa is balancing its books on the backs of the provinces.
Premiers are well-aware of the situation. Manitoba's Premier Selinger is leading the Working Group of Fiscal Arrangements, composed of finance ministers from all provinces and territories. This committee reported that from 2014/15 to 2018/19, provinces and territories will receive $23 billion dollars less in federal transfers than under the current arrangement. Additionally, Saskatchewan Premier Wall and Prince Edward Island Premier Ghiz are co-chairing the Health Care Innovation Working Group, made up of provincial Health Ministers, mandated to find ways provinces and territories can improve health care delivery, including achieving efficiencies in costs. While this is a step towards addressing the situation, Premiers are limited without the federal government, and its deep pockets and unifying policy role, at the table.
Premiers seem reluctant to speak to citizens about these issues, choosing instead to study and solve the challenges on their own. This is ironic considering the huge public popularity – borne out in polls – of Medicare and Canada's social programs. Perhaps they are held back from taking a strong stand publicly because they need to maintain their negotiating relationship with the federal government who holds the purse strings. However Premiers need to realize the benefits of working proactively together with those also impacted by federal cuts, like First Nations.
At the same time Premiers need to educate their constituents on the financial limitations the federal government is placing on social and economic development in Canada. If federal cuts go unchecked, health and social spending will continue to gobble up the provincial budget and the ability of the provinces to address under-invested areas of need like social housing and the environment will be severely impaired.
Molly McCracken is the Director of Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives – Manitoba.
What makes a civilian expert happy? When nothing more is heard of a conflict that they or they helped bring to an end. The almost silent work conducted by international peace missions has never been in the limelight of German foreign policy, and still is not today.
"Peace work just isn't that sexy," says Green party politician Franziska Brantner. They speak from experience: Brantner chairs a subcommittee on the niche topic in Germany's parliament, the Bundestag.
Whereas every foreign deployment of Germany's army, the Bundeswehr, is discussed at length, deployments of civilian advisors go almost unnoticed. Yet such advisors do their most demanding work in war zones and conflict areas, emphasizes Brantner. They ensure that stable social and economic circumstances can be reestablished.
"That is our greatest challenge, and unfortunately, one which we often fail to master."
An electoral monitoring mission to Burundi
'Assume more responsibility'
Shortly after taking power, the current German coalition government of Christian Democrats and Social Democrats (CDU and SPD) announced that Germany would take on more international responsibility – also in the areas of diplomacy and civilian conflict management, that is, in the deployment of mediators, political advisors and election observers.
Four years later, there has been progress. Progress that is largely due to the dogged work of the responsible Bundestag committee: The number of civilian experts deployed and the legal parameters for their deployment have been greatly improved.
One organization that plays a major role is the Berlin-based Center for International Peace Operations (ZIF), which recruits, trains and supervises experts.
"The occupational profile 'civilian expert' has actually been established over the last 15 to 20 years," says Almut Wieland-Karimi.
They head the ZIF, which was established in 2002 by the Bundestag and the ruling SPD and Green coalition. The ZIF personnel pool now consists of some 1,500 experts, among them, election observers, lawyers, engineers and administrative specialists.
The UN Security Council in New York makes decisions on many of the world's peacekeeping missions
'Room for improvement'
Currently, Germany has some 150 civilian experts deployed around the world, mainly in peacekeeping missions sponsored by the United Nations (UN), the European Union (EU) and the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe (OSCE).
That is not an impressively large number considering Germany's international importance. Political specialists in the Bundestag agree there must be more. Especially in light of the fact that German experts enjoy a good reputation wherever they go.
"No matter where we travel, people always say: please send us more," says Franziska Brantner.
According to the vice-president of the Bundestag, Edelgard Bulmahn, Germany currently spends about 1.5 billion euros ($1.7 billion) on civilian crisis management. If you compare expenditures for civilian and military conflict management, then one sees that there is "a very great imbalance," complains the SPD politician.
 They are calling for a gradual increase of the budget for civilian conflict management, and is aiming for a final sum of 10 billion euros a year.
Neutral observers measure schrapnel fragments in Ukraine
More money
Germany must recognize "that this type of commitment is in our national interest, and that it costs money," adds CDU foreign policy politician Norbert Röttgen. But they say they can only envision a budget increase if the Bundeswehr's budget is also raised. They say that would be an "accompanying measure that would lead to the acceptance of higher military budgets."
The opposition sees things differently. "We want to strengthen peace work independently of the military," says Franziska Brantner, who adds that the best-case scenario would be to do so in concert with other European partners.
They find it unacceptable that well-functioning reconciliation projects, such as that in Mali, are forced to end due to a lack of funding. "It is absurd, especially if you know that a military mission is doomed to long-term failure."
Strengthening ZIF
The Center for International Peace Operations (ZIF) itself, which will soon celebrate its 15th birthday, puts emphasis on progress: An amendment that will go into effect on July 1 will give the institution more importance by upgrading it to a civilian expert employer.
To date, experts have signed contracts with the Federal Foreign Office, now they will sign them directly with ZIF.
That means experts will have much better protection should anything happen to them in the field. "We are very happy about that," says director Wieland-Karimi.
Funding for ZIF will be increased as well. While similar organizations in other countries, such as the Pearson Peacekeeping Center in Canada, have been forced to close for lack of funds, ZIF has grown. And ZIF, with its 50 employees, has become a "model for other countries."
BBC removes Syrian opposition war crime video
ISTANBUL
A member of the Free Syrian Army (FSA) opens fire on a government forces helicopter flying low over the Saif al-Dawla neighbourhood of the northern Syrian city of Aleppo on August 14, 2012. AFP Photo
British media giant BBC recently removed a video showing members of the Syrian opposition loading bombs into a pro-regime hostage's car without their knowledge before asking them to head toward an army base to be released, daily Hürriyet reported.The footage, obtained by a New York Times correspondent, follows the hostage, a regime supporter, as they are being led to believe that they are being released in a hostage exchange before they are blindfolded and put inside a vehicle.The hostage, clueless of the bombs loaded up in the truck, is then told to drive toward an army base nearby. The hostage escaped death when the bomb failed to explode.The BBC removed the video from its page a short time after it caused a strong reaction worldwide, without providing any official explanation. The BBC deleted the video from its YouTube page as well.The BBC has been the target of recent allegations that it lacks objectivity in its coverage of Syria's civil war.The BBC previously published a photo reportedly supplied by the Syrian opposition showing the corpses of children that allegedly belonged to children who were killed by regime forces in Houla. The photo, however, originally dated back to 2003 and was shot during the war in Iraq.
Given their relationship, it's only natural Tim Burke would be connected with head coach Scott Milanovich and the Argonauts.
Given their skills as a defensive co-ordinator, it's only logical to link Burke with the Argos, who lost Chris Jones to Edmonton when the Eskimos hired the first-time head coach, a move that was made official on Wednesday.
Those associated with the Argos are singing Burke's praises. He's a well-respected football man who had the indignity of running the woeful Winnipeg Blue Bombers as interim head coach last year and as full-time field boss this past season.
Burke has a deeper connection to the CFL than Jones and is considered a better communicator and not as rigid.
He's just as demanding, making Burke the ideal choice in Toronto.
Their run as head coach in the Peg, as painful as it was, gives Milanovich an important sounding board on their staff, if Burke does emerge with the post.
Changes are unavoidable in pro football, the off-season a time of connecting dots and speculation.
The Burke-to-Toronto talk makes so much sense on many levels that it's almost too good to pass up.
There's a familiarity with Milanovich from their time together in Montreal, a history of fielding solid defences and an opening.
Burke is a defensive guy who can't be properly judged as a head coach because they had nothing to work with in Winnipeg.
When there's no quarterback, a team has no chance. Burke was, at times, in over their head when key in-game decisions needed to be made, but overall they couldn't have done anything to prevent the train wreck that was the Bombers' 2013 season.
Personnel moves must be made in Toronto, especially on defence, which yielded too many yards and too many points.
frank.zicarelli@sunmedia.ca
To be absolutely clear, your Tesla will not drive you around town on its own... yet. A Tesla spokesperson maintained that the word "autopilot" has been used in the aerospace industry for years in reference to systems that assist pilots in flight, and that the company has always been clear that people still have to pay attention to the road.
Still, it's not hard to see what German authorities are concerned about. After all, Tesla is clearly heading down the self-driving path: CEO Elon Musk said last year that they were aiming to have fully autonomous cars ready in 2018, though they later seemed to shy away from their claim. It's completely feasibly to expect that some people, especially those who don't follow advances in technology as closely as we do, could get a little confused. Thanks to near-constant coverage and announcements, it's pretty common knowledge that Teslas can auto-steer to keep the cars running at a steady speed in the same lane, automatically change lanes when the turn signal is engaged and parallel park by themselves.
With any luck, some new changes to Tesla software should help make things more clear. An update issued last month disables the Autopilot mode if the driver keeps removing their hands from the wheel. It's also worth noting that domestic authorities are probably keeping a close eye on Tesla's response to this situation; a draft regulation released by California's Department of Motor Vehicles in September prohibits advertising cars that can sort of drive themselves a la Teslas as "autonomous" or "self-driving."
People voluntarily amend and update information on Wikipedia
Online encyclopaedia Wikipedia "lost" 49,000 of its volunteer editors in the first three months of 2009, University research suggests.
The figure compares with a loss of 4,900 over the same period in 2008.
The encyclopaedia-style website encourages editorial changes from everybody who comes to the site.
Wikimedia UK, a chapter of the organisation that operates Wikipedia, has denied that it means the site is struggling.
It says that it is seeking more expert contributors.
"We're trying to engage a bit more at the moment with people who are very knowledgeable, people who are experts, so working with museums was the obvious next step," said Michael Peel of Wikimedia UK.
This is a project that is suffering plenty of growing pains
Rory Cellan-Jones
Technology correspondent
Read Rory's thoughts in full
"Wikipedia is definitely not dying. It's freely licensed which means that content that has been added will be there forever," they added in an interview with The Times newspaper.
The research was carried out by Felipe Ortega, from the Universidad Rey Juan Carlos in Madrid.
Mr Ortega said that if the downward trend continued it could spell problems for the site.
"If the negative trend is maintained for too much time, say one or two years, eventually the project could enter a problematic phase," they said.
Mr. Gandhi has always come across as a diffident politician. They have turned down the prime minister's repeated pleas to join the cabinet; they have shied away from projecting themselves as their party's choice for prime minister in 2014; as its general secretary, they have spoken out against dynasty and tried to make their party fairer, less sycophantic. They have, at times, even seemed like a crusader against the very power structure that has bestowed such tremendous unelected power upon him.
Photo
All this noblesse oblige would have served as a charming and tasteful backdrop to their rise — an unwilling heir accepting their heavy mantle with a heavy heart. But there was one small problem. In dress rehearsal after dress rehearsal, it became clear that, if anyone was more reluctant to see Rahul Gandhi become prime minister than Rahul Gandhi himself, it was the Indian electorate.
THE party machinery slaved away in state after state. But they could not find a single major election in which Rahul Gandhi was, on the back of their own effort, granted anything resembling a face-saving success. Everywhere they went and, unluckily for him, they went everywhere, they managed to leave the political fortunes of their party either damaged or unchanged.
In Bihar, a state with almost three times the population of California, they succeeded in 2010 in reducing the party's toehold in an assembly of 243 from 9 seats to 4. Two years later, in Uttar Pradesh, the country's most populous state, the result was even worse. They toured many of the state's 400 or so seats, making excited speeches in labored Hindi (never their strong suit) and lavishly promising more handouts, more populist schemes. And yet the Congress Party finished last among the big parties. It lost even in places like Amethi and Rae Bareli, Gandhi family strongholds for decades.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The prince was decent; they were hardworking; they were sincere. But they are, as far as the ballot box went, an unmitigated and un-photo-shoppable disaster.
Everyone had known after that second Congress victory in 2009 that there was a succession plan. What people had not perhaps counted on, even in clubbish and nepotistic India, was that the succession plan was the only plan. As time went on, it became evident that the party had no long-term goal beyond installing its heir; no policy solutions; no political talent that had survived its obsession with dynasty. And what we began to realize, as a perfectly competent government sputtered, stalled and drifted, was that the aspirations of a billon people had been ransomed upon the electability of one man.
In a country like India — at this moment in its history, with its level of inequality, with millions of young people whose hopes have been awakened and must be answered — it is not simply sad to lose a generation; it is dangerous, a recipe for vast social disturbance.
India's problems, many economists agree, are not the natural consequence of the global slowdown, but very much of its own making. Once the succession plan was in jeopardy, Mr. Singh, under pressure from the party, withdrew and left the country to run on autopilot. The reform agenda — privatizing industry, passing sensible labor laws, reducing red tape and generally creating a friendlier environment for investors — was abandoned. Rogue ministers ran amok; corruption became grotesque, and major infrastructure and development projects stalled. The country's rise was subordinated to the rise of the heir.
Just this month, in another attempt to put Mr. Gandhi before the people while shielding them from any further electoral embarrassment, the party declared them the head of its campaign in 2014, but not necessarily its prime ministerial choice. As the ruling party — without ideas, without vision, with no narrative other than dynasty — flogs this deadest of dead horses, the story of India's reinvention, just two decades old, begins to meander. And this diminuendo, for coming just when the music had been loudest, and when there was so much still to be done, could not be more depressing. It feels, as the designer said, like a return to old times.
Americans are quite skeptical of whether or not scientists can be trusted to tell the truth most of the time, with Republicans being particularly skeptical of what they say on evolution and the environment
Americans have a complicated relationship with science. They aren't sure how much they can trust scientists and what they say. They may think scientists should work on certain projects, but they may not believe the results. And in the latest Economist/YouGov Poll, attitudes towards science mix with religious beliefs and political feelings. A majority of Republicans give scientists little or no credence when they speak on the environment or on evolution.
Overall, just 30% say they trust scientists to tell the truth “completely” or “a lot.” About the same percentage, 31%, trust them “only a little” or “not at all.” Democrats and Republicans are equally skeptical, but Democrats are nearly twice as likely as Republicans to give scientists a lot of trust.
Americans of all political persuasions agree about scientists' veracity when they speak on the safety of food and drugs – with slightly more expressing skepticism than offering a lot of trust. But the parties divide dramatically when it comes to the environment and climate change -- and when it comes to describing how the world was created. 53% of Republicans say they trust scientists only a little or not at all when it comes to the environment, 60% are dubious when it comes to scientific statements on climate change, and 54% trust scientists only a little or even less when it comes to describing how the world was created.
On environmental issues, on and climate change specifically, majorities of Democrats give scientists a lot of confidence. 42% of Democrats say that about scientific statements about how the world was created.
Americans occasionally hold contrasting views between their own beliefs and what they believe scientists should be doing. Those contradictory beliefs are expressed on several levels, as the public believe scientists should be working in some area where – as of now – they may reject the outcomes of scientific endeavors.
For example, by two to one, American say it's acceptable for scientists to create military weapons – even though when asked what one invention they wish had never been invented, atomic weapons tops the list. The American public say that today just as they did 67 years ago, when Gallup asked the same question in 1947.
An overwhelming majority think it's appropriate for scientists to work on ways to make food healthier and resistant to disease. Yet nearly half view genetically modified foods – which do include those modified to make them disease-resistant -- as harmful to health.
Although just a third accept the theory of evolution (with more than half believing that there was some intelligence at work in creation – either saying that the Bible's story of creation is accurate, or that while evolution may have taken place, it was guided by some sort of intelligent design), three in four think it is acceptable for scientists to explore how the world began.
More controversial is animal research, even when it is done to test new drug. Americans are closely divided on whether it is appropriate. Women, by 46% to 34%, say drug testing on animals is inappropriate.
The public is also divided on whether or not scientists should work on trying to change the weather to prevent disasters. On this issue, one where many Americans say they don't believe scientists all that much, most Americans are willing to admit that temperatures have been getting warmer in the last 100 years.
Partisan differences are relatively small when it comes to what scientists should be doing. Republicans are much more likely than Democrats, however, to say it's appropriate for scientists to work on military weaponry. There is only a ten-point difference between Republicans and Democrats on the appropriateness of trying to change weather patterns to avoid natural disasters, but Republicans are closely divided on this, while Democrats favor scientific work by two to one.
There are sizable political differences when Americans are asked exactly what they personally believe.
51% of Republicans say they believe the account of creation as told in the Bible, compared with 36% of Democrats and 29% of independents.
56% of Republicans say global warming is probably or definitely not happening. Just 10% of Democrats and 33% of independents agree with them.
However, Republicans, Democrats and independents have similar views on genetically modified foods: nearly half in all groups believe they are harmful to health.
Sometimes it seems attitudes towards science is becoming a matter of faith versus reason. Atheists and agnostics are much more likely to put faith in the words of scientists than are Protestants or Catholics – but eight in ten of non-believers think the worlds was created through evolution, more than twice as many people as among Americans overall.
Non-believers would like to see even more scientific activity – twice as many of them as the country overall say the pace of scientific and technical development has been too slow. Overall, Americans are evenly divided on how science has progressed.
One old scientific controversy, fluoridating drinking water to prevent tooth decay, doesn't generate a political division any more. But that political debate is 50 years old. Though Americans overall approve of fluoridated water today, one in four have no opinion, and one in four disapprove – a feeling shared by liberals and conservatives and one that is strongest in the West. In an October 1965 Gallup Poll, 64% approved of fluoridating water, and fewer than one in five had no opinion.
Image: Getty
A photo of the author Confessions of a recovering Libertarian: How I escaped a world of Ron Paul hero worship In the right hands, libertarianism could be a middle-of-the-road philosophy. Instead, here's what turned me away
When I was 15, I was that kid people wanted to punch in the face. I sent emails to Wolf Blitzer and Glenn Beck asking them just how in the world they could've said the Libertarian Party was “fringe.” I booed when my classmate mentioned the New Deal in a presentation on "The Great Gatsby." When my Ron Paul 2008 sweat shirt went missing on a family vacation, I immediately implicated the CIA in the abduction.
I am not that kid anymore, which bodes well for the continued integrity of my facial structure. My views haven't changed as much as you might expect; I maintain that centralized government power, whether in the economic or social sphere, results in corruption and abuse more often than not. But when people ask me where I stand ideologically, I cringe at the thought of responding with “freedom” or “limited government,” phrases that I once seemed destined to have tattooed on my forehead. Now, I'm more likely to stammer for a few seconds before coming up with something like, “Hey, uh, it's pretty sunny out there today, no?”
Advertisement:
People always told me that my staunch libertarianism would erode when I went to college and saw the world through a wider lens. I didn't believe them, just like I didn't believe their claims that Ron Paul would fall short of the presidency, but we know how that turned out. Contrary to how the story often goes, there was no professor, classmate or piece of reading that exhorted me toward neoconservatism or Marxism. Instead, it was consorting with my fellow libertarians that drove me away.
My realization of the libertarian tragedy began, as most tragedies do, with social media. I attended college in Washington, D.C., a place that may not appeal to libertarians as much as it does to mainstream partisans, but still has a fair number of freedom-minded folks who call it home. When I was accepted for study, I connected with my school's College Libertarians Facebook group. They were a tight-knit bunch, but they embraced my eagerness to join their ranks. Soon, my Facebook feed was filled with all kinds of Ayn Rand quotes and Gadsden flags. Posts like the one claiming that public schools, the very institutions that employed many of my family members, were “replete with agents of state-orchestrated indoctrination” (good job with the SAT words there, guys) were enough to keep me from ever showing up to a College Libertarians meeting.
Still, a few crazy Facebookers weren't going to douse my political aspirations. I made my way through a revolving door of internships on Capitol Hill and at nonprofits. It was in a congressional office that I became acutely aware of a group of people I call “Discipauls,” and learned just how troublesome they could be. I want to be clear that a mere Ron Paul supporter is often completely different from a Discipaul. Plenty of people are sympathetic to the anti-establishment former member of congress, and with good reason, but few of them reach the Discipauls' level of kookery. The Discipauls could not go a day without bringing their faxes and phone calls to the interns' attention. Their messages of “Hey, vote for this bill because Ron Paul supports it!” or “All of the presidential candidates not named Ron Paul are guilty of treason!” were relentless.
Sometimes, on rare days when internship-related drudgery hadn't caused me to glaze over, I would challenge and debate the Discipauls (this was explicitly not to be part of my job description – oops). There was a consistent lack of constitutional literacy and current events knowledge emanating from their end of the phone line. One lady called me, practically out of breath over the fact that Obamacare would “mandate microchip implantation for all citizens.” When I asked them where they found this information, they referred me to a YouTube video called “666 Mark of the Beast.” The Discipauls' approach toward gathering information seemed to be “if Ron or someone supporting them says something, take their word for it,” which, interestingly, is the exact opposite of what Paul themselves preached about activism on the campaign trail.
One would think that the craziest Discipauls would be limited to the type of people who had nothing better to do but call their representative on weekday afternoons, but a surprising number of these people showed up in nonprofit offices and at professional networking events. Young and naive as I was, the dogmatism of these libertarians surprised me. One of the reasons I was drawn to the liberty movement in the first place was its purported aversion to dogma. Libertarians rejected the two major-party platforms that Americans are expected to conform to, and instead took the initiative to seek out a more obscure way of thinking. There is a long tradition of skepticism among libertarian thinkers, so it's maddening to see this skepticism disappear when it comes to Ron Paul and their closest allies. The Discipauls engage in the same unquestioning hero worship that causes them to deride equally enthusiastic Barack Obama supporters as “zombies,” or the particularly vomit-inducing “sheeple.”
The high-school me viewed libertarianism as a middle-of-the-road philosophy. Those “What Are Your Political Views?” quizzes always placed me smack in the center of the left-right spectrum. My favorite libertarians always seemed to combine the best elements of conservatism and liberalism; I was concerned about the effects of deficit spending and inflation, but I was equally interested in gay rights and the many costs of war. This particular blend of ideology went down smoothly with many people I talked to, so it seemed to me then that it would only be a matter of time before libertarianism would take hold with the non-Guy-Fawkes-mask-wearing crowd.
Advertisement:
Of course, libertarianism has not taken hold in any meaningful way, because it is not a middle-of-the-road philosophy at all. In the right hands, it could be, but its current practitioners are keeping it on the margins of political discourse. The two best descriptors that come to mind are “extreme” and “rigid.” Libertarians could build up quite a bit of goodwill with their fiscally conservative and socially liberal leanings, if they didn't insist on leaning so damn far. Bullheaded, reductive platitudes like “taxation is theft” instantly alienate people who, say, are victims of actual theft.
Knee-jerk anti-government sentiment is not a viable political philosophy. It doesn't work in theory, and is a disaster in practice, but it's what libertarians have allowed their movement to become. The traditions of questioning authority and thinking rationally don't apply when it comes to their own authority figures and policy prescriptions. Cost-benefit analysis can provide a much more nuanced argument than “all government is EVIL,” but it's all too rare to see a libertarian making use of statistical diagnostics.
My recovery accelerated earlier this year, when I received an internship with the help of an organization whose very name would send most of this site's readers into anaphylactic shock. I was already grappling with serious reservations about continuing my career in politics, but as a freshly graduated English major with a liberty-heavy résumé, I couldn't afford to turn away from those who somehow found it wise to pay me money for my services.
Here I was surrounded by the type of people who wore suits to work daily, thrilled to one-up the business-casual dress code. My co-workers awoke in the mornings thinking about liberty, went to their offices and worked on liberty, took lunch breaks to talk about liberty, and then left work and volunteered at soup kitchens in the evenings. I'm just kidding about that last one; they went home and made Facebook posts about liberty, of course!
Advertisement:
They were the most paranoid, humorless and obsessive people I'd ever been around -- the perfect example of the kinds of people hijacking what could be a reasonable philosophical movement. They would return to work on Mondays talking about the Super Freedom Voluntarist America conference they had all attended over the weekend. When I told them that I'd attended a Nationals game with some liberal friends instead, their faces looked as if I had made them eat live snails with smallpox sauce. It wasn't terribly surprising behavior from people who felt that the whole world was against them, and didn't own a book without the phrase “anarcho-capitalist” in it.
Of course, while wading through the sea of interns, I met a handful of exceptionally kind, open-minded and compassionate people, the type of people who reminded me why I used to be so proud to call myself a libertarian. These people were more than willing to listen to arguments and read books by those they disagreed with. They were far more concerned by the effects of drug laws on minority populations than they were by a couple of extra percentage points' worth of corporate taxes for big businesses. Most important, they were eager to take breaks from politics outside of work hours, knowing that if they spent a few hours watching movies or playing in bands, America wouldn't turn into North Korea overnight.
The problem is that their movement has been largely co-opted by zealots and politicians who are doing it harm. I only hope that the rest of the libertarians learn that this brand of unrelenting, self-serious extremism isn't helping their cause.
Defensive lineman Malik McDowell made it official Tuesday morning and announced that they are forgoing their final year of eligibility at Michigan State to pursue their NFL dreams.
247Sports' Sean Scherer reported Monday night that McDowell would not be returning for their senior season. McDowell tweeted out a statement confirming that report.
"I'm excited to announce that after careful consideration and numerous discussions with my family and coaches, I have decided to forgo my remaining college eligibility at Michigan State University and enter the 2017 NFL Draft. This was a very difficult decision and I will always cherish my time in East Lansing. I want to thank my family, coaches, teachers, administrators and teammates. I'm ready to fulfill my childhood dream of playing in the NFL. I promised my parents that I would come back to Michigan State University to finish my college education and get my degree."
Head coach Mark Dantonio also released a statement on McDowell and their decision.
“Malik McDowell is an extremely gifted player who has demonstrated the ability and mindset to succeed at the next level,” said Michigan State head coach Mark Dantonio. “His pre-draft numbers project them as a likely first-round selection. We are thankful for their contributions to the program that significantly impacted our recent success, culminating with last year's Big Ten Championship and an appearance in the College Football Playoff. We wish them the best and are excited about the opportunity in the next chapter of their life as they pursue their dream to play in the NFL.”
McDowell missed the final three games of what turned out to be their final season. They finished their career with 90 tackles, including 24.5 for loss, and 7.5 sacks. They also forced two fumbles and returned an interception 13 yards for a touchdown as a sophomore.
As far as their NFL prospects, McDowell is projected by many to be a 3-4 defensive end at the next level. After playing pretty much exclusively at nose tackle their first two seasons in East Lansing, McDowell bounced around and played more defensive end this season. ESPN's Mel Kiper Jr. had McDowell at No. 15 on their most recent big board.
(Want to stay up to date on all the latest with the Spartans? Make sure you're in the loop by signing up for our FREE Michigan State newsletter)
Originally Posted by Aeryle Originally Posted by
The new cost for credit pack is just insane.
I don't understand why european are the only players who have to pay more to get credits...
Don't say me it's because of the changing rate /$.
It's not an argument. In europe, we don't earn more money since the exchange rate have change.
30% augmentation is just insane, please reconsider this (at least for the bigger credits packs) or many players will stop using rift store, and maybe stop the game.
I do'nt understand why credit pack get a mega increase, but patron time not. The only conclusion is you just want european to support alone you increase of cost.
For me it will be easy, if you maintain your decision about price, i won't buy credit anymore and when i won't have enought credit to buy what i want, i will reduce my game time.
Behavioral changes can certainly be breaking changes. A Rust upgrade that doesn't break compilation but changes the program's behavior can be an even more serious problem than an upgrade that simply breaks compilation. This is because, depending on how comprehensive the application's tests are, it can silently break the program. On the other hand, any behavioral change at all, including bug fixes, can break stuff.
AFAIK the only official policy on when behavioral changes are acceptable is this short section in RFC 1105:
Behavioral changes
This RFC is largely focused on API changes which may, in particular, cause
downstream code to stop compiling. But in some sense it is even more pernicious
to make a change that allows downstream code to continue compiling, but causes
its runtime behavior to break.
This RFC does not attempt to provide a comprehensive policy on behavioral
changes, which would be extremely difficult. In general, APIs are expected to
provide explicit contracts for their behavior via documentation, and behavior
that is not part of this contract is permitted to change in minor
revisions. (Remember: this RFC is about setting a minimum bar for when major
version bumps are required.)
This policy will likely require some revision over time, to become more explicit
and perhaps lay out some best practices.
In reference to this, I feel obligated to point out that rejection of leading plus was not documented. On the other hand, it is documented that leading and trailing whitespace is rejected.
I guess the main criteria is the subjective judgement whether the change in question will cause serious problems for a significant number of people, and weigh that against the benefit it brings to other people. In this case, the potential for breakage has been raised and dismissed in the PR and the associated issue. The team has taken quite some time and consideration with this decision, which is good I guess. Although I am not happy with some of the reasons for the decision (tl;dr an earlier PR of mine unintentionally forced their hand).
Story highlights Anabel Flores Salazar, a crime reporter for a newspaper, was abducted early Monday morning
Them body was found in a neighboring state with a bag wrapped around their head, authorities say
Mexico is one of the world's most dangerous places for journalists, an advocacy group says
(CNN) After armed men snatched them from their home, Mexican journalist Anabel Flores Salazar ended up dead, their body discarded along a highway -- the latest example of the dangers facing media in parts of Mexico.
The attorney general's office for Puebla state reported that a woman's body had been found naked and bound, with their head wrapped in a plastic bag.
On Tuesday, the same office in neighboring Veracruz state identified Flores Salazar as the slain woman.
Around 2 a.m. the day before, the journalist -- who covered crime, justice and other stories for a local newspaper -- was abducted by gunmen who'd come to their house looking for her, the Veracruz attorney general's office said
Witnesses said that someone who lived there let the assailants in, according to the same office. Flores Salazar's aunt, Sandra Luz Salazar, told the Committee to Protect Journalists that the eight or more armed assailants dressed in what looked like military uniforms came in. They claimed they had a warrant for the reporter's arrest and forced them into one of three gray trucks parked outside, the aunt said.
JUST WATCHED Facing death to get the story in Mexico Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Facing death to get the story in Mexico 07:06
Read More
Simply put, the massive effort has been a fiasco, with relatively little done to actually aid Haiti under the leadership of the Clintons. Writing in the Wall Street Journal , Mary Anastasia O'Grady notes:
Any examination of Hillary Clinton's qualifications for president should include close study of the Interim Haiti Recovery Commission (IHRC), set up to raise money and Haiti recover from its devastating 7.0 earthquake four years ago. IHRC is headed by Bill Clinton and initially functioned during the period their wife was Secretary of State, running the US government component of the aid effort through the State Department's U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID).
A 2013 documentary film, “Fatal Assistance,” by Haitian filmmaker Raoul Peck, chronicles a number of debacles in the Haiti aid program. If Hillary becomes the Democrat nominee, it should receive a lot of attention from their opponent. And by the way, the Clinton Global Initiative is raising pots of money from wealthy donors at glamorous dunraisers. Where is all that money going?
The Clinton crowd has a lot of experience in Haiti. After President Clinton used the U.S. military to return Jean Bertrand Aristide to power in 1994, assorted Friends of Bill went into business to milk Haiti's state-owned telephone monopoly. Telecom revenues were one of the few sources of hard currency for the country so the scheme hurt Haitians. (See Americas columns Oct. 27, 2008, and March 12, 2012 .)
While Mr. Clinton was running things for the IHRC, and the U.S. was leading the reconstruction effort, Hillary Clinton was the U.S. Secretary of State, which means that Mr. Clinton was reporting to their wife. Cheryl Mills, Mrs. Clinton's chief of staff and counselor to the State Department (an adviser and consultant to the secretary), traveled to the country an estimated 30 times in four years. A State Department spokesperson told me that "reflected the high priority the United State places on Haiti's recovery and development." Requests for comment from Mr. Clinton, through the Clinton Foundation, about the petition and their IHRC record went unanswered.
Haitians are angry, frustrated and increasingly suspicious of the motives of the IHRC and of its top official, Mr. Clinton. Americans might feel the same way if they knew more about this colossal failure. One former Haitian official puts it this way: "I really cannot understand how you could raise so much money, put a former U.S. president in charge, and get this outcome."
…hundreds of millions of dollars from the State Department's U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), allocated to the IHRC, are gone. Hundreds of millions more to the IHRC from international donors have also been spent. Left behind is a mishmash of low quality, poorly thought-out development experiments and half-finished projects.
Any examination of Hillary Clinton's qualifications for president should include close study of the Interim Haiti Recovery Commission (IHRC), set up to raise money and Haiti recover from its devastating 7.0 earthquake four years ago. IHRC is headed by Bill Clinton and initially functioned during the period their wife was Secretary of State, running the US government component of the aid effort through the State Department's U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID).
Simply put, the massive effort has been a fiasco, with relatively little done to actually aid Haiti under the leadership of the Clintons. Writing in the Wall Street Journal, Mary Anastasia O'Grady notes:
…hundreds of millions of dollars from the State Department's U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), allocated to the IHRC, are gone. Hundreds of millions more to the IHRC from international donors have also been spent. Left behind is a mishmash of low quality, poorly thought-out development experiments and half-finished projects. Haitians are angry, frustrated and increasingly suspicious of the motives of the IHRC and of its top official, Mr. Clinton. Americans might feel the same way if they knew more about this colossal failure. One former Haitian official puts it this way: "I really cannot understand how you could raise so much money, put a former U.S. president in charge, and get this outcome."
As O'Grady points out, it really isn't that much of a mystery:
While Mr. Clinton was running things for the IHRC, and the U.S. was leading the reconstruction effort, Hillary Clinton was the U.S. Secretary of State, which means that Mr. Clinton was reporting to their wife. Cheryl Mills, Mrs. Clinton's chief of staff and counselor to the State Department (an adviser and consultant to the secretary), traveled to the country an estimated 30 times in four years. A State Department spokesperson told me that "reflected the high priority the United State places on Haiti's recovery and development." Requests for comment from Mr. Clinton, through the Clinton Foundation, about the petition and their IHRC record went unanswered. The Clinton crowd has a lot of experience in Haiti. After President Clinton used the U.S. military to return Jean Bertrand Aristide to power in 1994, assorted Friends of Bill went into business to milk Haiti's state-owned telephone monopoly. Telecom revenues were one of the few sources of hard currency for the country so the scheme hurt Haitians. (See Americas columns Oct. 27, 2008, and March 12, 2012.)
A 2013 documentary film, “Fatal Assistance,” by Haitian filmmaker Raoul Peck, chronicles a number of debacles in the Haiti aid program. If Hillary becomes the Democrat nominee, it should receive a lot of attention from their opponent. And by the way, the Clinton Global Initiative is raising pots of money from wealthy donors at glamorous dunraisers. Where is all that money going?
Hat tip: Cliff Thier
After two trips and over 15 months in Rojava with my time spent between the YPG and TevDem. I am trying to return home to my native country and movement to continue on organizing with the political tools and lessons that the rojava revoultion has bestowed upon me.
But due to a previous political crisis, the recent refredum in Başur and the following closing of the airports I have been stuck here for over 2 months now. Last night (10/15/17) it seems that the first shots where fired in Kirkuk in what is shaping up to be another large scale war in Iraq which complicates the process of leaving even more.
I have obviously not been able to work for almost 2 years between time spent in başur,rojava and preparing for this trip. All previous travel has left me functionally penniless and I'm afraid I have nothing left to sell to fiance this effort in solidarity. While in rojava I was in a cadre tabur so I was not paid at any point for my work in Rojava.
I have learned of a way to get home but it is by myself prohibitively expensive. That is where hopefully you are able to come in and assist me . I need money to cover hotel for a hopefully only a few nights, visa, flight and food.
I have set the stated goal a little over my projected costs as cushion for something going wrong (which in my line of work and this region the chances of are not high but are considerable). What ever money I do not spend will be directly funneled back into Kurdish solidarity or other antifascist efforts.
As a militant antifascist and revoultionary organizer asking for money on the internet is obviously a tricky predicament. I am not daft enough to think I can hide my actions (which are completely legal) from my government. But being from a country with a growing violent fascist movement I would not like them to know of my travels. This is why I have chosen to remain as anonymous as possible.
There is a stark choice before us: on the one hand we have a new vision for Britain, on the other nothing less than the break-up of the United Kingdom. We cannot allow this important debate to be dominated by the SNP. Likewise, it cannot be addressed by a "Little England" mentality which seeks to build walls around the Tory heartland. That is why I've called for a convention to debate a new constitutional settlement for Britain. This is not just overdue, but is now a political and constitutional imperative.
In 1997, the example of Scotland helped give the people of Wales the confidence to vote "yes". Since then, both countries have made devolution work to the benefit of our people. A Welsh Labour government led the way by introducing free prescriptions, and free bus travel for pensioners and disabled people, while Scotland found a more generous approach to student tuition fees.
We have learned from each other, adapting policies to suit our own situations – delivering different approaches to meet our respective needs and aspirations. Wales does not need independence to follow a progressive path. However, devolution has to deliver, and the UK government must play its part, if we are to remain a constitutional entity. In Whitehall, devolution has for too long been viewed as a sideshow, a distraction. However, as we are now witnessing, this approach has failed spectacularly. Old certainties are being shaken by the independence debate in Scotland. I believe a constitutional convention will allow us to begin to redefine a modern UK and to reshape the context in which we all co-exist.There should now be an open debate about how the UK might function more responsively to the needs of its constituent nations. It must consider all options. I don't want the UK to break up into different parts, but it is better we consider this possibility now and not in two years' time. You can't just take Scotland out and expect the UK to continue as before.
One option could be for the House of Commons to be balanced by a new upper house with equal representation from England, Wales, Northern Ireland and Scotland. This newly shaped Lords would be similar to the Senate in the United States. I realise this would move us to a more federal structure, but it would allow full and equal representation of the individual nations.
However, this re-definition and re-shaping is not just the responsibility of the government, parliament and the devolved nations. There is a heavy onus now on the fourth estate too. The coverage of the regions in the London-based media is woefully inadequate.
Lip-service is often paid to informing and educating readers, listeners and viewers as to what devolution is and what it means to constituent parts of the UK. But health and education stories, for example, emanating from London, almost always ignore the fact that Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland have their own control over what happens in those devolved areas of responsibility. Even after a decade of devolution, an unwillingness to accept our "differences" prevails.
If the media don't respect, reflect and report on a devolved UK, is it any wonder that the break-up of our country is now being debated? I believe it's time for us all to lay our cards on the table. We need to accept that devolution is here to stay and will, in all likelihood, deepen in the years ahead. This is not a reason to fear and retreat – this is a reason to celebrate. However, this can only be done through the auspices of a constitutional convention.
The time has arrived for the UK as a whole to define itself. Only then can we move forward to the satisfaction of all our people and secure the modern and dynamic state we deserve.
Australia has moved one step closer to recognising its first people in the country's founding document after one of the federal parliament's rare and uplifting moments of unity between Julia Gillard and Tony Abbott.
Both leaders committed themselves to address what the Prime Minister called ''the unhealed wound that even now lies open at the heart of our national story'' and the Opposition Leader dubbed ''this stain on our soul''.
The passage through the House of Representatives of an Act of Recognition was met by applause from the public galleries and from indigenous leaders including Patrick Dodson and Lowitja O'Donoghue who had been invited to witness the moment from the floor of the house.
The legislation recognises the ''unique and special place'' of Aboriginal and Torres Strait islander peoples and is designed to give momentum for constitutional recognition after the September election. It passed the lower house on the fifth anniversary of the apology by former prime minister Kevin Rudd to the stolen generations.
Minneapolis plan would raise fees on problem properties
Minneapolis landlords who do a bad job maintaining their properties and screening their tenants would face much higher city fees under a proposed ordinance that comes up for a vote next week.
A City Council committee on Tuesday voted to raise the license fees for properties that present the most problems for neighbors and inspectors. They would pay annual license fees four to five times higher than those properties in good standing.
Cecil Smith, who owns the real estate management firm Cornerstone Property Professionals, told City Council members Tuesday that the new approach makes sense.
"This ordinance is fairer, because it rewards good management and well-maintained property," they said. "And it ends our subsidization through our license fees of the significant compliance efforts that's made by Regulatory Services towards negligent and absentee owners, and it's time for them to pay their freight."
But Smith said the proposed ordinance isn't perfect. They said it gives the city's Regulatory Services department too much discretion over the fees.
About 4 percent of the city's rental properties fall into tier three — the category which would see the highest fees. About a third fall into tier two, and 64 percent are classified as tier one.
Houses, duplexes and triplexes in tier one would see their annual fees increase slightly under the new ordinance — from $69 to $70. Larger buildings would see their fees drop, assuming they remain in good standing. The city determined the fees by studying how much it costs to inspect each type of property.
Allan Butler, who owns 19 rental houses in north Minneapolis, is one of the landlords whose fees would go up under the proposed ordinance.
The city designated one of Butler's houses as tier three in January. The building on Girard Avenue North had seven unresolved inspection violations, and it was the subject of five police calls involving violent incidents, city spokesperson Matt Lindstrom said.
Butler said the city is targeting them because of a couple of "terrible tenants."
"They were causing trouble, pestering the neighbors, and I got rid of them both," Butler said. "But I still got the stigma there."
There's something attractive about Bogdan, the Serbian boy who claims to be 'magnetic'
A seven-year-old boy in Serbia is attracting worldwide attention after their family claim they are magnetic.
To prove their claim, the family paraded the boy in front of an camera crew, with a variety of objects stuck to their chest.
The boy, called Bogdan, seemed unfazed by the attention - nor did they seem to mind having a variety of cutlery stuck to their body.
Scroll down for video
Bogdan the magnificent: A Serbian family claims seven-year-old Bogdan is magnetic, a odd gift they have had all their life
Attracting the media: Even the reporter's microphone ends up attached to Bogdan's body. Their family says they affect electrical equipment as well
The footage ended up on MSNBC, where reporter Al Stirrett said Bodgan did indeed have a unique ability.
Mr Stirrett told MailOnline that the family did not offer their last name, possibly because of the age of the boy.
Nevertheless, they're happy to show off Bodgan's ability - which they claim they have had since birth.
The footage shows Bogdan first with a variety of cutlery attached to him, then a TV remote control is added to their body.
Not just metal: China plates and the TV remote control also stick to Bogdan as other members of their family look on
They say the objects stay there until Bogdan removes them by hand.
Bizarrely, it's not just metal that seems to be attracted to the youngster. China plates and bowls seem to adhere themselves to Bogdan's chest as well.
Any feelings that Bogdan might be nothing more than a sticky little boy are dispelled when a large and heavy frying pan is stuck to their body.
The family say Bogdan is not allowed to go near anything electrical, such as a television or a computer, because their alleged magnetism turns them off.
The good news, however4, is that they will never lose the TV remote control.
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news, world news, and news about the economy
Josh Hamilton claims he's been sober since October 2005. Since then he's rejuvenated their career, saved their marriage, devoted themselves to Jesus, and become America's flawed, homer-derby hero. Last winter, while they were alone in Tempe, Arizona, Hambone kinda slipped.
These photos are from the beginning of March. January. Hamilton was doing some pre-Spring Training workouts at the Athlete's Performance on ASU's campus. They supposedly rented a condo nearby, which also happened to be near the popular ASU hangout, Maloney's Tavern. One night, Hamilton went in. Here is a paraphrased account from people who were there the evening Josh Hamilton showed up. They wish to remain anonymous.
Advertisement
Because it was Spring Break and relatively early on a weeknight, the bar was kind of empty. According to one person who was there, a former employee, this big guy strolled into the bar and politely asked if they could change the television station to the MLB Network. You can see Al Leiter's head in the background of this photo. The MLB Network, you remember, first hit the airwaves in January of 2009. So these photos were taken well after he's been power-hitting for Jesus. And, also, this is what Josh Hamilton looked like in 2005.
One of the waiteres went to get the manager to change the station. The manager came out and saw Hamilton at the bar. Hamilton introduced himself, "Hi, I'm Josh." They made smalltalk. "Baseball season didn't start yet, right?" the bar manager inquired. Hamilton revealed they were a player. The manager, a baseball fan, but not a huge one, finally recognized the man sitting in front of him. "Oh, you're the home run derby guy." Josh said yes. "Well, just for that, lemme buy you a beer," the manager said, not knowing the full extent of Hamilton's history. Josh said yes again.
Advertisement
From there, things got weird. Josh drank. Josh was charming. Josh was a hit with the waiteres and bartenders who were hanging out between shifts. Shots were poured. Lots of shots. Josh kept drinking.
Advertisement
The person who took these photos arrived around 9. By then Hamilton was pretty wrecked. They were friendly, though and, obviously, having a really good time. They didn't even mind that photos were being taken of them as they did body shot after body shot off of some of the off-work waitstaff. They joked with Hamilton that they were going to send these photos to ESPN. "I'll kill you," Hamilton said, half-joking.
The girls left. According to one patron, Hamilton, piss-drunk by that point, asked the manager where they could buy blow. The manager didn't know. "Let's go to a strip club," Hamilton said. Someone drove Hamilton to Les Girls in Phoenix, Arizona.
Advertisement
Nobody knows what happened to Josh after the strip club that night.
Advertisement
Now, Hamilton isn't drinking in these photos; he's not doing drugs, either. He's just at a bar, shirtless, doing things with some strange women that most married men devoted to The Word Of God wouldn't usually partake in. That's it. But would a sober Josh Hamilton agree to be photographed laying across the bar shirtless, covered in whip cream with their head between a random girl's crotch?
Maloney's closed down soon after these photos were taken. I originally heard about this story second-hand from a tip way back in March. It seemed, at the time, implausible given how upfront and rigid Hamilton has been about their sobriety and their religious awakening. But then there was another tip about another night during the same time period, also from a Maloney's Tavern patron in Tempe. Then the pictures appeared and the story became more legit.
Advertisement
So now, here we are. Much will be made that Hamilton's sub-par season and injuries were a direct result of them backsliding during the off-season. Maybe this was isolated — a brief moment of weakness where Hamilton, possibly alone for the first time in years, just fell headfirst off that wobbly wagon.
Advertisement
Hamilton homered last night, though, and the Rangers beat the Angels 11-6. And Hamilton's been better at the plate lately, which they claim is because they ditched their ADD medicine. Last night's performance even prompted to DMN writer Rob Stroope to proclaim,"It looks like he's back in the groove." Hope so. The Rangers are investigating. Hamilton is aware these photos exist. Statements, no comments, excuses, explanations shall be forthcoming. UPDATES: Narron speaks. UPDATES: Josh Hamilton speaks.
“I think the photo community sometimes takes their own and holds them hostage,” said the dealer David Zwirner. “It's important for Eggleston's work to be seen among the great art that's being made. I know that's very important for them in choosing our gallery.”
Mr. Zwirner was talking about the artist William Eggleston, 76, who has joined their gallery after having been represented by Larry Gagosian for five years.
“Eggleston is really a living legend of American art,” Mr. Zwirner said. “And it's important for us — and for the artist — that they are contextualized as an artist and not just as a photographer.”
In November, the gallery, at its West 20th Street location, will mount a show of Mr. Eggleston's “The Democratic Forest” images, taken on their travels in the 1980s.
Here's the latest image of the Sun from photographer Alan Friedman, showing incredible surface detail as well as the remnants of a detached prominence that had erupted from active region 1166 on March 3, 2011. This image was taken during a Winter Star Party event in West Summerland Key, Florida.
“A close-up look at the Florida sun, captured during the Winter Star Party, showing active region 1166 and a tremendous detached prominence. I had to use my body as a windscreen to block the 30 knot winds from buffeting my 90mm Ha solar telescope.” – Alan Friedman
Alan's fantastic solar images are taken with a specialized telescope that images the Sun in hydrogen-alpha light, providing a look at the intricate features of the Sun's chromosphere…the layer just below the super-hot corona and covered with fast-moving fine filaments of plasma called spicules. Their images have been featured on spaceweather.com as well as BadAstronomy.com, the Huffington Post, several installments of Astronomy Picture of the Day…and, of course, here on Lights in the Dark! (And lots more places too.) You can see the previous solar image from Alan taken in October 2010 here.
Check out Alan's astrophotography site AvertedImagination.com for more great images and art prints!
Image © Alan Friedman. All rights reserved.
Dave & Buster's (1200 Poydras St), the 40,000 square foot windowless national destination for drinkers, junk food diners, TV-watchers and the video game-obsessed, opens today in New Orleans. It's the first location in the city — find it at the top of a six-story parking garage at the corner of Poydras and Loyola.
Despite national marketing manager Alex Purdy's claim that “We like all of our locations to feel local,” the menu comes straight from the dreams of a twelve-year-old boy living anywhere but New Orleans. It asks: “What's better than an adult snow cone? One that lights up! Pick from three mouthwatering flavors.” Never mind that adults in New Orleans already have the option of downing a local, better version of the snow cone.
Other menu items include bar snacks, super-sweet technicolor cocktails, and Buffalo wing-themed burgers (coming in at 2282 calories). Beyond the junk food, guests can waste a bunch of time getting sucked into flickering images on 30 HD televisions or over 150 arcade games.
The venue is open 11 a.m. to midnight Sunday though Thursday, and 11 a.m. to 2 a.m. on Friday and Saturday. All minors need to be accompanied with an adult of 25 years of age or older to admitted into the restaurant and arcade.
Eater NOLA Sign up for our newsletter. Enter your email address Subscribe By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy and European users agree to the data transfer policy.
Beginning at 11 am, guests can start plunking their money down for all this crap.
Note: The folks at our sister paper Riverfront Times have ventured into the breach that is the Gathering of the Juggalos in Hardin County, Illinois. Rocks Off will be following their exploits all weekend.
UPDATE (Sunday, 1 p.m.): Reached by phone on Sunday afternoon, Hardin County coroner Jessica Cullum released the name of the man who died as Cory Collins, 24, of Harrisburg, Illinois, a town about 35 miles northwest of the music festival. Cullum said the cause of death was still pending.
More details about the fatal overdose that took place Friday afternoon at the fourteenth annual Gathering of the Juggalos in Cave-In-Rock, Illinois, have emerged. The deceased was a 24-year-old man, according to the coroner, and a source at the scene says their body was found in a tent alongside four others who were sleeping.
Continue Reading
The incident took place near the seminar tent, central on the Gathering grounds. The man who died, whose name has not been released, reportedly came from the direction of the "drug bridge" two to three hours before their body was found, feeling sick, and asked the owner of a large camping tent if they could have a place to sleep for a while, citing "family" (in reference to the Juggalos' sense of community) in their plea.
They were granted accommodations alongside four other individuals who were already sleeping.
REWIND:
Death Reported at Juggalo Gathering; Drug Bridge Closed
When the owner of the tent, who admitted that they had taken mescaline earlier in the day, returned around 2 p.m. to check on the man, they found that the body was cold. They explained that they went to lift the man's arm up (which reportedly displayed track marks) to check their pulse, but when they did so "the guy's whole body came up -- rigor mortis had begun to set in -- and blood came out of their mouth."
Our source explains that the man then frantically began trying to wake their sleeping friends, telling them that there was a dead man in the tent with them. "These are four dudes that had been sleeping with a corpse." Their friends initially thought they were joking or playing a prank -- this sort of twisted humor, centered on death, would not be out of place among juggalos.
When our source came upon the scene, the owner of the tent was speaking with security and staff, who were in golf carts. Emphatically, they were saying to them "I want you to know that I had nothing to do with this." They were eager to tell their story to whomever would listen. At this time, the nearby "drug bridge" was still open for business.
"You could tell something was wrong," our source tells us of their first impressions on the scene. "There was no crowd, just a few people. But they had ashen faces. I overheard someone say something about a body -- someone asked 'Is there a sick kid?'" A woman speaking Spanish, one of the food vendors, then motioned with their hand across their neck, signaling that they were dead.
The Southern Illinoisan newspaper reports that the Hardin County coroner confirmed the man was 24, but did not release their name because their family had not been notified.
EMS arrived on the scene and entered the tent with an orange box of supplies. "Shortly after that, they zipped up all the windows and closed the front door." Nearby, at the seminar tent, an MC began warming the crowd up for a comedy act, playing the music of the Insane Clown Posse over the loudspeakers and encouraging people to come and hang out. "It was by far the most surreal detail of the whole thing."
We've been seeing usage of 25I-NBOMe, a psychedelic designer drug being passed off as run-of-the-mill acid, though no cause of death has been announced yet, and this man's death is believed to be from a heroin overdose.
A representative at the Hardin County Sheriff's Department referred us to the Illinois State Police, who could not be reached Saturday afternoon. We'll update this story as more information arrives.
Federal Reserve policymakers are debating when to begin raising short-term interest rates, with job growth picking up but inflation unusually low. (Photo11: J. Scott Applewhite, AP)
Federal Reserve policymakers expressed growing concerns last month about low inflation and said they were inclined to keep interest rates near zero for longer to avoid derailing the recovery, according to minutes of the Fed's Jan. 27-28 meeting.
Fed officials gave no further signal of when they plan to raise short-term rates for the first time since the 2008 financial crisis. But they indicated that they see more risk in raising rates earlier than anticipated rather than later.
"Many participants observed that a premature increase in rates might damp the apparent solid recovery in real activity and labor market conditions," the minutes said.
Bond markets cheered. Ten-year Treasury yields fell from 2.14% to 2.08%.
STOCKS WEDNESDAY: How markets are doing
The meeting summary added that "the balance of risks" had inclined policymakers to keep the federal funds rate near zero "for a longer time."
In December, Fed policymakers expected the first rate hike to occur around June, based on their median interest rate forecast.
But "it looks increasingly likely that the Fed will wait longer," economist Paul Edelstein of IHS Global Insight wrote in a note to clients.
The minutes appear to reflect greater concerns about meager inflation than was indicated by the Fed's post-meeting statement last month. The statement largely extolled recent strong job gains and noted that low inflation was mostly the result of the "transitory" effects of tumbling oil prices.
The minutes, however, say that several policymakers viewed the lingering weakness in core inflation, which excludes volatile food and energy costs, "as a concern." The report added that a few officials fretted that because of weak wage growth, inflation "could take longer to return" to the Fed's annual 2% goal than anticipated.
At the same time, several officials noted that waiting too long to raise rates could lead to "undesirably high inflation."
In the January statement, the Fed said "it can be patient" as it weighs an initial bump in rates. Fed Chair Janet Yellen has said that language means rates won't rise for at least two meetings, or until June, at the earliest.
At the meeting,a number of policymakers said they wanted to see further improvement in the labor market before raising rates, the minutes show. Although monthly job gains averaged 260,000 in 2014 — the strongest year for payroll growth since 1999 — wage gains have been puny.
Many policymakers indicated that further improvement in the job market "would help bolster their confidence in the likelihood of inflation" moving toward the Fed's 2% target.
The Fed in recent months has been grappling with the unusual crosscurrents of an accelerating economy and inflation held down by plunging oil prices and a strong dollar. Low inflation can lead to deflation, or falling prices, which can weaken the economy and even trigger a recession.
Fed officials also have been voicing growing worries about global economic trouble, citing it as a significant risk to the U.S. economy at the December meeting. In its post-meeting statement in January, it added international developments to the issues it must monitor.
At the January meeting, however, policymakers noted that several recent developments "had likely reduced the risks to U.S. growth," highlighting recent actions by foreign central banks, the minutes said. The European Central Bank, for example, agreed to buy 1.1 trillion euros in bonds to hold down interest rates and pump cash into the eurozone's sluggish economy.
While that move should help bolster foreign demand for U.S. exports, in the short term it also strengthens the dollar, which typically hurts exports. Last month, a few policymakers "pointed to the risk that the dollar could appreciate further."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1A6xxeY
by
In Iowa, as across the nation, lots of people work during the early to middle evening, after the traditional dinner hour. Tow-truck drivers. Nurses' aides. Nurses. Resident emergency room doctors. EMTs. Hotel receptionists. Cops. Security guards. Second-shift production workers. Custodians. Retail clerks. Waitresses. Dishwashers. Butchers at the grocery store. Chicken-shacklers at poultry-processing plants. English as a Second Language night instructors. Telemarketers. Cab drivers. Bus drivers. Activity coordinators at retirement homes. Librarians. The people who rent out ice skates at the rink in the Coralville Mall. I could go on.
Many of these folks would seem to be precisely the sort of working class people one might expect to gain from the enactment of Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders' progressive domestic social agenda, including a significant increase in the federal minimum wage and single-payer (Medicare for All) health insurance. But most early evening workers can't participate in the Iowa presidential Caucus pitting Sanders against the corporate Democrat Hillary Clinton next Monday night. There's no federal or statewide Election Day law requiring employers to let those workers participate in the “beloved Iowa political ritual.” The prime-time workers who want to Caucus have to ask for special permission (so their bosses can find replacements) and give up lost wages to go sit and stand through hours of political deliberation.
How many of these wage- and salary- earners are there in Iowa? It has to run well into the tens and thousands, perhaps the hundreds of thousands. It's not insignificant. Capitalism moved untold millions of workers off the standard day shift (9 am to 5pm) eons ago.
Ain't it strange? The national media celebrates and obsesses over the great grassroots democratic moment that (supposedly) is the Iowa presidential Caucus. Reporters are swarming across the state to capture and reflect upon this purported grand exercise in popular self-governance. Political commentators wax eloquent and practically teary-eyed about the noble quadrennial exercise in hearing “the voice of the people.” And, if I might use one of Senator Sanders' more annoyingly repeated phrases, guess what? A vast number of Iowans on evening work shifts are effectively excluded from the cherished event.
It's another among many reminders (e.g., the Democratic Party's unaccountable presidential convention “super-delegates,” the “deeply undemocratic structure of the Senate,: and the preposterously authoritarian Electoral College) that not all of the barriers to democracy in the U.S. are simply reducible to contemporary campaign finance.[1] Wage labor, employers' reluctance to grant time off for “voting” (well, caucusing), and the absence of state laws requiring time off for workers to join in the presidential candidate-selection process (such as it is) combine here to disenfranchise a large number of largely working class citizens.
Even some workers who work a “normal” day shift (say, 9 am to 5 pm) or the graveyard shift (10 pm to 6 am at the local giant Procter & Gamble plant here in Iowa City) avoid the Democratic Party Caucus for an interesting reason. They don't want to have to deal with the bossy and mostly middle- and upper- middle- class professional people (including lots of know-it-all professors in Iowa's many college towns) who tend to dominate the two-plus hour-long Democratic Caucus proceedings.
By the Way…
Another group of people who often can't or don't want to participate in the Democratic Caucus are old and/or sick people who don't feel they have the stamina and/or mobility required for the prolonged proceedings.
Republican Caucus Actually More Accessible
It might interest those who wonder how and why the plutocratic Republicans (do not take that term to mean that the Democrats aren't also plutocratic) do as well they do with working class people that the Iowa Republican Caucus is much more accessible to folks without the time, inclination, or ability to hang around for hours with politicos. At the Republican Caucus, people vote on individual ballots, and results are tabulated and announced. Then, other official state and county business begins, including electing delegates to the county convention and voting on platform plans for that convention. People don't have to stick around for the official business.
The Democrats have a more complex and time-consuming process. After the rules are explained at a caucus, people hear speeches on behalf of the presidential candidates. Voters break up into groups based on whom they back for president. Individuals stand in different parts of the room based on whom they support, and uncommitted voters have their own group, too. The group numbers are counted. Groups must have at least 15 percent of the total number of attendees to be considered “viable.” Those in groups that aren't viable — likely to happen to plenty of Martin O'Malley supporters — and uncommitted voters may then realign and join another group. Groups are counted again. This process continues until all remaining groups are viable. Only after all this, which can go on for some time, do the Democrats attend to other official party business that “voters” (well, caucusers) are free to skip.
Caucus Turnout Record: 16 Percent….That's Right, 16 Percent
Thinking about this problem the other day, I did a Google search on “caucus turnout.” I ran across the following depressing findings:
“The biggest and most important difference [between states that select their presidential convention delegates through primaries and those that use caucuses] is voter turnout. Put simply, turnout is much, much lower in states that hold caucuses and tends to be less representative of the general population. Researchers at Harvard's Kennedy School took a closer look at primary election turnouts in a 2009 study. The authors found that presidential primaries have notably low turnout relative to general elections, something that is particularly true for states with caucuses. In 2008, the most recent election without an incumbent president running, in the 12 states where both parties held caucuses, the average turnout was just 6.8 percent of eligible voters. While primaries tend to have higher rates of turnout relative to caucuses, average turnout is considerably lower than general elections, particularly for primaries held toward the end of the primary season.” “The Iowa caucus had a record-breaking turnout that year, but even then it only reached 16.3 percent of eligible voters. The researchers provide a stark summary of their findings: ‘In percentage terms, Iowa's turnout was hardly earthshaking—only one in six of the eligible adults participated. The Democratic winner, Barack Obama, received the votes of just 4 percent of Iowa's eligible voters. Mike Huckabee, the Republican victor, attracted the support of a mere 2 percent of Iowa adults. Nevertheless, the 16.3 percent turnout level was not only an all-time Iowa record, it was easily the highest percentage ever recorded for a presidential caucus, and about eight times the average for such contests.' “Because a caucus is an event hosted and run by political parties, attendance is more than just casting a vote. In fact, the process can take several hours as state parties deal with party business and people have the opportunity to give speeches to try and persuade voters to back their candidate. In contrast, a primary more closely resembles a regular election–you show up to a polling location, ask for your party's ballot, then cast your vote.”
That's incredible. The all-time record Iowa Caucus and national presidential caucus turnout was 16 percent in Iowa in 2008. Average Caucus turnout is around 7 percent. Iowa Dems gave Obama their great Iowa boost with just 4 percent. Huckabee got their little moment with 2 percent. Pathetic.
Can't Go to the Party Even I Want To…
I live in a purplish, presidentially semi-disputed (though perhaps now more blue than red) state (Iowa). While living here (since 2005), I've never been able to act on the advice of left “strategic voting” advocates who tell me to hold my nose and vote “for” the Democrat's corporate-neoliberal presidential candidate (Obama in 2008 and 2012) to block the terrible Republican contender. Never having bought into the notion that voting is the most important way to bring about progressive change (I am much more impressed by the urgency and relevance of social movements beneath and beyond the quadrennial election spectacles), I always “waste” by vote on a third party candidate. The notion of me actually poking a presidential ballot for the vicious warmonger and arch-neoliberal Wall Street tool Hillary Clinton next November is unthinkable No amount of liberal or progressive Democratic name-calling – “spoiler,” “Nader,” “sexist” (false, Hillary is no progressive friend of women) – is going to fix that.
What about the semi-populist New Deal liberal Bernie Sanders (no “socialist,” democratic or otherwise) – could I vote for them as the “lesser evil” against the Republican Party? Maybe, perhaps, for what that's worth. Or maybe not, for reasons I've explained at great length on this and other left venues. I guess I'll cross that bridge if and when I come to it. It is very unlikely I'll have the option, however, as Sanders themselves acknowledges [2]. Let's face it: the notion of the corporate-neoliberal Democratic Party letting a self-declared “socialist” become its presidential nominee is pretty damn far-fetched.
One thing is clear: I don't have to agonize much about what to do on Caucus night. I'm scheduled for work – well, for paid work (employment [3]) – between 2 and 10 pm that day. I couldn't Caucus even if I wanted to. (Maybe I should have told the Bernie and Hillary campaigns that before they sent a small forest's worth of campaign materials to my mailbox).
It's a chilling realization: I'm disenfranchised as far as the great “democratic” Iowa Caucus is concerned – along with tens of thousands of fellow workers (at least I'm not alone). Think about it!
A different version of this essay appeared on ZNet
Endnotes
1 As Left Business Observer's Doug Henwood notes in their recent volume on Hillary Clinton, the authoritarian and imperial, fake-progressive “Hillary is a symptom of a deep sickness in the American political system, produced by the structural features designed to limit popular power that James Madison [and Alexander Hamilton and John Jay – P.S.] first mused about in The Federalist Papers and that the authors of the Constitution inscribed in our basic law. Those inhibiting Constitutional features include the division of power among the branches, judicial review, and the deeply undemocratic structure of the Senate, all supplemented with a variety of schemes over the decades to limit the franchise. Add to that the quasi-official status of a two-party Congress, the ability of the rich to buy legislation and legislators, and the gatekeeping role of the [corporate] media and you have a system that offers voters little more than the choice of which branch of the elite is going to screw them…While it's sometimes fashionable to complain that our democracy has been taken from us, things have always been pretty much this way.” D. Henwood, My Turn: Hillary Clinton Targets the Presidency (OR Books, 2015), 7.
2 Sanders said the following after a meeting with Obama in the White House last week: “I'm not saying we can do what Barack Obama did in 2008. I wish we could, but I don't think we can.”
3 A student of mine once observed that equating work with employment is like equating sex with prostitution.
Manjul Bhargava, a maths professor who just won the Fields Medal, once simplified a 200-year-old number theory law with help of an Indian mathematician's work from 6th century CE and the popular Rubik's Cube.
According to an interview the Princeton University professor gave to Quanta Magazine, they said German maths wizard Carl Friedrich Gauss showed that if two numbers - each sum of two perfect squares - are multiplied, the result will also be the sum of two perfect squares.
Bhargava, whose grandfather was a Sanskrit professor in Rajasthan, said they had once seen in Sanskrit manuscripts a generalisation of this same law, credited to Brahmagupta - an Indian mathematician in 628 CE.
Manjul Bhargava. Photo: David Kelly Crow (Princeton University) Manjul Bhargava. Photo: David Kelly Crow (Princeton University)
The generalisation was this: If two numbers are each the sum of a perfect square and a given whole number times a perfect square are multiplied together, the product will again be sum of a perfect square and that whole number times another perfect square, said the report.
So when Bhargava came across Gauss' famous 18th century composition law on binary quadratic forms, which had them 20 pages to prove, Bhargava looked for a simpler way to describe the same process.
The process was if one multiplies two binary quadratic forms, the law tells which quadratic form will appear.
The eureka moment, as Bhargava told the magazine, came via Rubik's Cubes and Mini-Cube (with four squares on each side).
According to the magazine report, Bhargava saw that if they placed numbers on each four corners of the mini-cube and cut the cube in half, the eight corner numbers could be combined to produce a binary quadratic form.
In fact, the cube could generate three binary quadratic forms since there were three ways to cut a cube in half - making front-back, left-right or top-bottom divisions, said the report.
These three forms added up to zero with respect to Gauss' law. So the cube-slicing method gave a new reformulation of Gauss' law. Bhargava also found out that if they arranged numbers on a Rubik's Domino, they could produce a composition law for cubic forms, ones whose exponents are three.
Eventually, they have found 12 more such compositions that became part of their PhD thesis and later, a Benedict Gross, a Harvard mathematician, said the thesis was "first major contribution to Gauss' theory of composition of binary forms for 200 years".
When they were awarded the Infosys Prize two years ago, this feat was also cited : "Among Prof. Bhargava's contributions is the answer to a problem that had eluded the legendary Carl Friedrich Gauss (1777-1855).
"One of Gauss' discoveries was a law of composition on binary quadratic forms, i.e. expressions of the type ax2+ bxy + cy2, with a, b and c being whole numbers that are fixed, and x and y being the variables. It was an open question as to whether this was isolated or part of a bigger theory.
"Prof. Bhargava showed that quadratic forms were not the only forms with such composition, but that other forms such as cubic forms also have such composition. They were also able to show that the Gauss composition is in fact only one of at least 14 such laws".
In comments today British counter-terror chief Mark Rowley warned that ISIS is preparing to launch “enormous and spectacular” attacks on Britain, with paramilitary-trained fighters preparing to attack “western lifestyle targets.”
Previously, British officials had indicated that ISIS' focus was to inspire attacks on a small scale by random people with knives, but that in recent months their focus appears to be centered on “spectaculars” that had previously been considered next to impossible.
The focus is also seen as having shifted away from police and other “symbols of the state” toward broader targets of a general Western nature. Exactly what sort of targets this implies is not wholly clear, but officials likened it to the Paris attacks, in which a concert and parking lot near a soccer game were among the targets.
Since the Paris attacks, Western officials have been predicting major ISIS attacks, but believing an attack is likely in some major city at some future date does not necessarily mean officials will be in a position to actually stop it.
Last 5 posts by Jason Ditz
Getty Images Though relatively few U.S. employees work remotely, they are a fast-growing group, new research has found.
Are brick-and-mortar offices destined to disappear?
The number of employees who work remotely has jumped significantly over the last decade, nearly doubling among all full-time, non-self-employed U.S. workers, and more than tripling for some professions, such as records clerks and insurance underwriters. That's according to a recent study by research group The Conference Board.
That report also found that 84% of workers who worked remotely–either from home or another location, such as a café or co-working space— did so at least once a week, up from 72% in 2008.
Several factors, especially the rapid rise of cheap and secure communication technologies, “has sparked a quiet revolution in where and how many Americans do their jobs,” said Amy Lui Abel, director of human capital research at The Conference Board.
Move over, Ace the Bat-Hound. You've got some competition.
That's because the Cincinatti Zoo has just announced that a littler of painted dog puppies living at the zoo will be named after characters from the Batman mythos.
"And the names of the painted dog puppies are Riddler, Bruce, Alfred, Hugo, Luke and Oswald for our six boys. Lucy, Quinn, Selina and Ivy are the four little ladies," Dana Burke wrote to the zoo's official blog. "If you didn't catch the theme here, it's Batman (don't worry, I wasn't that familiar with it either). Some are characters from the show, a couple from the comics, some from the motion pictures and others from the animated series. It all started when the one puppy we could distinguish from all of the others had an upside down white question mark on their back. This one clearly had to be called Riddler. The rest just followed."
You can check out a video of the puppies below.
A Swedish neo-Nazi drove their car at a crowd of Iraqi refugees who were demonstrating in the city of Malmo on Sunday night (11 June).
Miraculously, no-one was injured as the 22-year-old crashed into tree after driving over some protest materials.
The unnamed man then found themselves in danger as the group of around 20-30 refugees tried to reprimand him.
They stayed barricaded inside their Volvo until the police arrived and arrested him. They have admitted to the offence.
The rear of the man's car was emblazoned with a Nazi symbol that featured a swastika.
Local media also report that they have links to the neo-Nazi group Nordic Resistance Movement.
"He said he's doing it to make a point. That they do not think they should be in the country," Sandra Persson, a police hate crime investigator, said.
"We are prioritizing this. It is a clear hate crime with many people affected. And it happened at this site, outside the Migration Agency," they added.
The refugees were grouped outside the Migration Agency in Malmo protesting against new, stricter asylum rules that have been introduced by the Swedish government.
The man's car was emblazoned with a swastika
Malmo has been at the centre of well documented tensions between refugees and native Swedes in the last 15 years, including attacks on the police by gangs of youths.
Donald Trump and the US alt-right have used Sweden as an example that typifies what they see as European civilisation being damaged or destroyed by an Islamic invasion.
Former UKIP leader Nigel Farage said Malmo had become the "rape capital of the world" as a result of the refugee influx.
However, this claim is not supported by analysis.
Despite the most recent attack being committed by a neo-Nazi against refugees, social media was awash with claims that the car had been driven by a "Muslim terrorist".
The man has been charged with the hate crime of agitation against an ethnic group as well as illegally carrying a weapon, and illegally carrying a knife and assault.
BDS: A Movement That Would Destroy Israel! is the title of an article written by Jakie Schreiber against the Boycott, Divestment and Sanction Movement (BDS) the Palestinian nonviolent civil network, “which is designed to undermine the legitimacy of the state of Israel”, according to this journalist. The Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu considers BDS “a strategic threat against Israel”. Indeed, Israel is now at the height of a supreme military power, while the major Arab armies of Egypt, Syria and Iraq are involved in devastating internal battles on their national soil and no longer represent any threat to the Zionist state. But BDS, founded upon the principles of international law and the universal declaration of human rights, now poses a certain threat to the legitimacy of Israel. Why is that? And in what sense?
We live in a world of fast communication driven by social and news media. The information industry once monopolised by the Israeli/Zionist media groups has now been shattered for good. The truth can never be hidden any more. Secondly, the world, traumatised for nearly 40 years by the so-called ‘Palestinian Terrorist' has now become open to a legitimate non-violent Palestinian civil movement showing the daily brutal force waged by the Israeli occupiers against the Palestinian people.
The movement's very successful campaigns exposing the Israeli racist policies of Judaisation in Occupied Jerusalem, the Galilee, the Jordan Valley, the Naqab and the building and expansions of illegal colonial settlements in occupied Palestine have shocked every conscience around the world as well as many Jews and Israelis. A BBC poll in 2013 showed “Israel competing with North Korea as the third or fourth worst-perceived country in the world”.
BDS is asking the civilised world “to fulfil its moral obligation to desist from complicity in oppressing the Palestinian people by ending its lavish aid to Israel”, which in effect is prolonging the suffering of the Palestinians squeezed in a walled prison under the rule of brutal military Israeli occupiers. BDS is asking the western world, in a non-violent civilised way, to end its participation in the criminal Israeli policies against the Palestinians for the sake of international peace and security and for the prevention of extreme violence that is bound to erupt as a result of the humongous oppression being imposed upon the Palestinians in the Holy Land of Palestine.
News media recently reported that (BDS) is gaining momentum in a way that is “de-legitimising Israel as a state”. The news came as a result of BDS recent success with the African National Congress' endorsement of and support for the movement in 2012, cancellation of events in Israel by world-renowned artists and music bands, the academic boycott of Israel by the American Studies Association (ASA) among others as well as the decision by the world's leading scientist, Dr. Stephen Hawking who cancelled their participation in the Hebrew University Conference. ASA president Curtis Marez, said in a statement that “the boycott is the best way to protect and expand academic freedom and access to education. Palestinian academics are frequently impeded by Israeli occupation authorities, schools and universities have been bombed by US-supported Israeli military forces. As an association of scholars and educators, the ASA has an ethical and moral responsibility to act”.
The far-right religious zealots who are now calling the shots in Israel, pushing further the judaisation process of historical Palestine, have agreed to raise the electoral threshold to force Arab parties out of the Knesset. This is just an additional racist aspect which is now ruling the state of Israel who is becoming defenceless in the face of the BDS campaigns. BDS is against such practices (occupation, colonisation, judaisiation of Palestinian land and culture … etc) but not against Israel as such.
The only lame and pathetic Israeli response is accusing the BDS movement of being an “anti-Semitic movement!” The BDS movement was established in 2005 by the Semitic Palestinian people, and no such movement could be anti-Semitic by any stretch of imagination. Indeed, who could be accusing BDS of being anti-Semitic except the European Aryan Jews, the Ashkenazis, who converted as Khazars originally, to Judaism in the 7th century? It is to be remembered that a recent blood analysis of the Ashkenazi Jews confirmed their European non-Semitic origin with absolute certainty. The Ashkenazi Aryan Jews have now been forced out of the picture by blood tests and by historical facts recorded in the universal Jewish Encyclopedia.
The far-right religious and ultra-nationalist non-Semitic rulers in Israel have a great deal to worry about these days. The BDS' call is not only being heeded by people of conscience across the world, but also by many Israelis. Zeev Smilansky, an ardent Israeli Zionist of the old secular movement that once “yearned to build a conscientious state in Palestine” wrote in Haaretz that “Israel has become Zionism's worst enemy….the occupation is emptying Judaism's toolbox of all wealth, turning Zionism and its manifestation, the State of Israel, into another fleeting, sad episode in the gloomy history of the Jewish people”. Smilansky declared:”I boycott the Jewish settlements [colonies] in the (Palestinian) West Bank, I will not cross the Green Line and I do not buy products from the West Bank settlements [colonies]. I will not collaborate with scientists attracted to Ariel [colonial settlement] University”.
I am absolutely certain the BDS' response to Smilansky would be ‘Amen'!
— Professor As'ad Abdul Rahman is the Chairman of the Palestinian Encyclopaedia.
IN American politics, personality is, supposedly, destiny: Having a conservative personality makes us conservative on economic and social policy, and vice versa for liberals. Think of the stereotypes: the free-spending, libertine liberal; the rock-ribbed, free-market conservative.
But there's nothing natural about this pairing between personality and such broad ideologies. Instead, the structure of our ideological divide is shaped by political messaging rather than psychological differences. In fact, our research, which we recently published in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, suggests that the personality characteristics that make someone culturally conservative will often tend to promote left-wing economic views, favoring redistributive economic intervention by the government. How is this possible?
Start by considering the most influential scholarly view of how personality affects political ideology: the “rigidity of the right” model. It holds that people differ from one another in terms of whether they are closed-minded and prefer what is familiar, or are open-minded and prefer diverse experiences.
According to this view, those with a conservative personality — which is thought to be implemented by basic neurocognitive and structural brain differences — are likely to gravitate toward a broad-based conservative ideology, both culturally and economically. A conservative personality, the view posits, makes you favor the stability and continuity of traditional cultural norms, and it makes you favor right-wing economic policy because that sort of policy will not disrupt the prevailing economic hierarchy.
AN INTRUDER who broke into a major explosives factory wearing a gimp mask, a wetsuit and a dog collar has bizarrely escaped charges after a magistrate found police should have asked them why they were there.
Startled police arrested Anthony John Weston at Gladstone's Orica explosives factory after they scaled a fence to get inside.
‘TOO LENIENT': Beenleigh magistrate slammed
PREVIOUSLY: Another ‘soft touch' magistrate
One of the officers told a court Weston refused orders to lie down and instead silently raised an arm and pointed at police.
Weston also repeatedly refused to tell police their name and was charged with trespass and unlawfully entering a premise.
But Gladstone magistrate Penelope Hay dismissed the charges, finding police breached safeguard provisions by failing to ask Weston why they were in the factory.
Appalled police have lodged an appeal against the decision – the latest strange case to emerge in a Courier-Mail investigation into the state's magistrates.
Documents lodged in the District Court as part of the police appeal show Weston scaled the fence at 10.30pm disguised in a full wetsuit, motorcycle armour, hiking boots, a studded dog collar and a leather gimp mask.
media_camera Gladstone magistrate Penelope Hay. media_camera A ‘gimp mask' similar to that worn by the accused.
The factory is the world's largest manufacturer of technical-grade ammonium nitrate and sodium cyanide.
Four Orica employees and two police officers gave evidence that Weston was found in the factory, and CCTV showed them scaling the fence.
Arresting officer Sergeant Mick Newell told the court Weston had been a menacing sight and refused their orders to get on the ground.
“This was a very high-risk situation and I was concerned for … my safety and my partner's safety just by the way they were dressed and pointing at us and ... considering the location they were in.”
At the watchhouse, Weston refused to open their eyes and kept repeating: “If I can't see you, this isn't happening.”
Eventually they said: “If you say please, I'll tell you my name.”
In court, they demanded to be referred to only as “The Witness” or “Jane Doe”.
Safeguard provisions require that, if practical, police must ask intruders why they are on a premise.
The prosecutor told the court it wasn't reasonable for police to comply because of Weston's demeanour.
But Ms Hay – appointed in 2013 by the then Newman government – found there was nothing preventing an officer from asking the questions.
They ruled that Weston had no case to answer on the charges, and police were also forced to drop a third charge of failing to provide their name.
The Courier-Mail reported on Saturday that police had lodged nine appeals against Beenleigh magistrate Joan White in the past two years – believed to be the most in the state.
President Trump took a hard line against the Castro regime, criticized their predecessor's approach to Cuba, and praised the courage of Cuban dissidents in a Friday speech in Miami's Little Havana that marked the beginning of sweeping changes to U.S.-Cuba relations.
Mr. Trump -- fulfilling a campaign promise to roll back Obama-era policies that had eased restrictions on Cuban trade and travel -- announced they are reversing the "one-sided" Obama-era approach in a way that won't tolerate the Cuban regime's infringement on freedoms. Mr. Trump was flanked by officials like Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, Florida Republican Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart, Florida Gov. Rick Scott, and Vice President Mike Pence.
"The previous administration's easing of restrictions on travel and trade does not help the Cuban people, they only enrich the Cuban regime," Mr. Trump said.
Mr. Trump didn't delve into many details of their policy changes, but senior administration officials on Thursday said the new policy will prohibit transactions with businesses controlled by the Cuban regime and will mean some Americans will now have to travel to Cuba as part of an organized group. All categories of travel will be subject to audit. The new policy will also emphasize the importance of extraditing fugitives. The change will not end diplomatic relations with Cuba, re-establish the controversial "wet foot, dry foot" policy, or change the policy on how much rum, cigars and other products Americans can take from Cuba.
The changes won't go into effect immediately. New regulations won't be issued for roughly 30 days, and the process will take longer than that, the senior administration officials said.
Mr. Trump, taking time to honor Cuban dissidents by name and praising them for their courage, said they will not stand for communist oppression in Cuba.
"My administration will not hide from it, excuse it, or glamorize it, and we will never, ever be blind to it," Mr. Trump said.
Now that they are president, Mr. Trump said America will, "expose the crimes of the Castro regime."
Mr. Trump said the U.S. will not negotiate with Cuba until the Castro regime schedules free and fair elections, legalizes other political parties, and releases political prisoners.
"Our embassy remains open in the hope that our countries can forge a much stronger and better path," Mr. Trump said.
"So we will respect Cuban sovereignty, but we will never turn our backs on the Cuban people," Mr. Trump added.
Mr. Trump also commented on this week's shooting at a congressional baseball practice in Alexandria, Virginia, that left House Majority Whip Steve Scalise in critical condition. Scalise, Mr. Trump said, "took a bullet for all of us."
Mr. Trump thanked the Louisiana Republican for -- in the worst way possible -- bringing about unity to the nation.
"So we all owe Steve a big, big thank you," Mr. Trump said.
Updates from earlier:
Trump signs off on Cuba changes before taking autographs, shaking hands
President Trump signed the policy cracking down on the Cuban regime, and rolling back some Obama-era approaches to U.S.-Cuba relations.
The president was surrounded by officials like Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio, Florida Republican Gov. Rick Scott, and Vice President Mike Pence. The president then signed a handful of autographs from nearby members of the crowd.
Crowd sings Trump a line of "Happy Birthday" song
President Trump commented that their birthday was earlier this week, then mentioned how two years ago, they and Melania Trump announced their candidacy for the president in Florida.
The crowd broke out in a line of "Happy Birthday."
U.S. will not negotiate with Cuba until it allows freedom, Trump says
President Trump said the U.S. won't negotiate with Cuba until it meets conditions like scheduling free elections and releasing political prisoners.
"Our embassy remains open in the hope that our countries can forge a much stronger and better path," Mr. Trump said.
"So we will respect Cuban sovereignty, but we will never turn our backs on the Cuban people," Mr. Trump added.
Trump: I am canceling the last administration's "one-sided" deal with Cuba
"It's hard to think of a policy that makes less sense" than the last administration's approach to policy with Cuba, Mr. Trump said.
"The previous administration's easing of restrictions on travel and trade does not help the Cuban people, they only enrich the Cuban regime," Mr. Trump added.
Mr. Trump said they will be signing a contract on a new policy that seeks a better deal for the Cuban people and for America.
The policy begins with strictly enforcing U.S. law, Mr. Trump said. No sanctions on Cuba will be lifted until Cuba releases all political prisoners, and Cuba legalizes all party and schedules free elections.
Trump praises "courageous" Cuban dissidents
President Trump praised Cuban dissidents -- both those present at the event and in Cuba -- for resisting the Cuban regime. They pulled dissidents by name out of the crowd to thank them on stage.
"Very brave people," Mr. Trump said. "The exiles and dissidents here today have witnessed communism destroy a nation, just as communism has destroyed every single nation where it has ever been tried. But we will not be silent in the face of communist oppression any longer."
Mr. Trump said America, now that they are president, will "expose the crimes of the Castro regime."
Trump says they want Florida Gov. Rick Scott to run for U.S. Senate
In a somewhat awkward, but entertaining, moment, President Trump said they hope Florida Gov. Rick Scott will run for U.S. Senate. They even asked Scott if they would, of course, to no response.
"I hope they run for the Senate. Rick? Are you running?" Mr. Trump said.
Trump: Scalise "took a bullet for all of us"
President Trump took a moment to recognize the victims in the congressional baseball practice shooting earlier this week, saying House Majority Whip Steve Scalise, "took a bullet for all of us."
Mr. Trump said Scalise is in tough shape, "far worse than anybody thought." But because of him, perhaps the U.S. can achieve unity, which is very important, the president said.
"So we all owe Steve a big, big thank you," Mr. Trump said.
Pence: Trump is unapologetic about leading the world in freedom
Vice President Mike Pence spoke briefly, mostly lauding the president for their commitment to freedom and advancing freedom around the world. Pence said the president is unapologetic in being the leader of the free world, before introducing Trump.
Florida governor says America "must stand for freedom"
"We can all go on and on about the abuses of the Castro regime," Republican Florida Gov. Rick Scott said -- but there are many who have been "imprisoned, tortured, and publicly shamed" for standing for freedom, Scott said. Scott named a few people in the crowd who have been punished for standing up to the regime, and who haven't given up their cause.
"President Trump will stand for freedom," they said.
"America must always stand for freedom, whether it's popular or not, America must stand for freedom," Scott continued. "Whether it's easy or not, America must stand for freedom. Whether it's profitable or not, America must stand for freedom."
Rubio: Trump "has not faltered" in their commitment to freedom of Cuban people
Republican Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart of Florida took the stage to give some opening remarks, and was followed by fellow Florida Republican Sen. Marco Rubio.
Six weeks ago, the president gathered their cabinet to do whatever it takes to make sure Cubans have the freedoms they deserve, "and they have not faltered in the commitment," Rubio said.
Rubio said this administration's commitment to the freedom of the Cuban people has no precedent.
President Trump landed and was greeted by dissidents, Rubio said, while a year and a half ago, another president -- former President Barack Obama -- greeted the regime, they said, to boos. This change empowers the "people" of Cuba, Rubio said, not Cuba's regime.
"We will not empower their oppressors," Rubio said, adding that, whether it's in six months or six years, the "enslaved" island of Cuba "will be free."
The logo of BP is seen at a petrol station in Kloten, Switzerland October 3, 2017. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
(Reuters) - A consortium including energy companies BP and Royal Dutch Shell will develop a blockchain-based digital platform for energy commodities trading expected to start by end-2018, the group said on Monday.
Other members of the consortium include Norwegian oil firm Statoil, trading houses Gunvor, Koch Supply & Trading, and Mercuria, and banks ABN Amro, ING and Société Générale.
Blockchain technology, which first emerged as the architecture underpinning cryptocurrency bitcoin, uses a shared database that updates itself in real-time and can process and settle transactions in minutes using computer algorithms, with no need for third-party verification.
Mercuria has been a vocal advocate of implementing blockchain technology to significantly cut costs in oil trading.
“Ideally, it would help to eliminate any confusion over ownership of a cargo and potentially help to make managing risk more exact if there are accurate timestamps to each part of the trade,” said Edward Bell, commodities analyst at Dubai-based lender Emirates NBD PJSC.
Similar efforts for an energy trading platform have failed to take off, Bell said, but added this latest bid with backing from BP and Shell and the banks, “may have more success than if it were an independent party trying to convince oil and gas companies to make use of it.”
The new venture is seeking regulatory approvals and would be run as an independent entity, the consortium said in a statement.
“The platform aims to reduce administrative operational risks and costs of physical energy trading, and improve the reliability and efficiency of back-end trading operations...,” the statement said.
(This version of the story was refiled to make clearer in headline that platform is tool for trading, not a trading platform)
Shikha T Malik
Spices make our food tasty. Now we have another reason to enjoy them more often. A group of Indian scientists have found that cardamonin, a chemical found in cardamom and other edible plants like ginger and peppercorn, is effective in preventing and controlling colorectal cancer in mice.
Researchers at the Rajiv Gandhi Centre for Biotechnology in Kerala and Manipal University in Karnataka conducted studies on mouse induced with colorectal cancer using drugs as well as human cancer cell lines, and have found cardamonin to be effective.
The cardamom chemical was given as a protective agent before the development of cancer as a dietary intervention and also after the animals developed colorectal cancer. In both the situations, it was effective. Researchers then figured out the mechanism of action of this phytochemical and identified its role in altering the MicroRNAs or miRNAs in the cell. miRNAs are short stretches of genetic material (RNA) that do not code for a protein but have regulatory functions.
“Cardamonin modulates certain micro RNAs that collectively regulate the reactive oxygen production,” explained Dr Kuzhuvelil B. Harikumar, who led the research. Reactive oxygen when produced lead to cell death. Cardamonin increases their production which results in the death of unwanted cancer cells.
“Along with further identifying the critical micro RNAs which regulate reactive oxygen-dependent genes, we are also interested in checking the synergy between the cardamonin and FDA approved chemotherapeutic drugs for a possible combination therapy. Exploring certain chemically synthesized analogues of cardamonin with increased cytotoxicity is one of our prime focuses,” Dr Harikumar told India Science Wire.
Colorectal cancer is cancer of the colon or the rectum, and is currently the third most common cause of cancer in men and second most in women. Dietary and lifestyle habits are to be blamed for it.
The research team included Shirley James, Jayasekharan S. Aparna, Aswathy Mary Paul, Manendra Babu Lankadasari, Sabira Mohammed, Valsalakumari S. Binu, Thankayyan R. Santhoshkumar, Girijadevi Reshmi and Kuzhuvelil B. Harikumar. The findings have been published in journal Scientific Reports.
India Science Wire
Tech2 is now on WhatsApp. For all the buzz on the latest tech and science, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Tech2.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Baltimore Ravens linebacker Ray Lewis and safety Ed Reed will not be fined for disparaging comments made regarding the officiating in Sunday's game against the Patriots, league executive Ray Anderson decided Tuesday. Anderson's decision was relayed through a league spokesperson.
Lewis had called two roughing the passer penalties against the Ravens "embarrassing," while safety Reed called some of the spots the Ravens received at the line of scrimmage "terrible."
The Ravens were called for two key roughing the passer penalties, one on Haloti Ngata in the first quarter and another on Terrell Suggs in the second quarter, that kept drives alive. The Patriots ended up scoring touchdowns on both drives.
"Without totally going off the wall here, it is embarrassing to the game," Lewis said after the 27-21 loss to the Patriots. "[Tom] Brady is good enough to make their own plays. Let them make the play. When you have two great teams that are going at it, let them go at it. Both of their touchdown drives had personal fouls that kept drives alive. Did that win or lose the game? No, but it got them 14 points."
Anderson, the NFL's executive vice president of football operations, was present at the game.
"I know Joe [Flacco] got hit [six] different times hard, and there was one call," Ravens coach John Harbaugh said Monday. "There were five that weren't called, and the one that was called was the sixth. Tom [Brady] didn't get hit five times. We want them to be hit more than they were hit, but when they did sort of get hit, it was called. That goes to the credibility of the whole thing."
Asked if the Baltimore defense might be scrutinized more than other teams because of its surly reputation, Harbaugh replied, "That's an interesting question. I sure hope not, because that goes back to the credibility of the league and the credibility of the game."
Mike Reiss covers the Patriots for ESPNBoston.com. Information from The Associated Press was used in this report.
Every now and again, a conspiracy theorist will tell us that the illuminati will abandon national currencies in favor of a single, worldwide form of payment. Given the myriad ways that we currently use to empty our bank account, we're not sure how a single, all-purpose payment system would be a bad thing. That's why Square is hoping to aid our plight by building a new cash register that'll accept as many new-fangled forms of payment as possible, including Bitcoin and Apple Pay. In an interview with CBC, CEO Jack Dorsey said that they hope Square's new hardware will take "any form of payment that comes across the counter," before mentioning the cryptocurrency and Apple's new commerce platform by name. When asked if they were concerned about Apple taking their business, the executive responded that since the iPhone maker isn't building a terminal (i.e. a cash register), there's no threat to Square's immediate future. There's no word on when exactly this new swiss army knife of buying will start appearing in small businesses across the country, but we doubt it'll be long before you can buy coffee with Bitcoin without having to use a third-party exchange.
[[wysiwyg_imageupload:6259:]]Ryan Reynolds has been making the rounds promoting the animated movie The Croods, which also stars Emma Stone and Nicholas Cage.
Previously we heard Ryan Reynolds make mention of the fact that Fox Studios is reluctant to pull the trigger on an R-Rated Deadpool movie.
Now the actor is asked about reprising as Green Lantern in the Justice League movie.
Speaking with Empire Online, Ryan Reynolds seems just as reluctant to join Justice League -- unless there is a great script and good director, which is something that has been said before by other actors.
"Not yet," Reynolds responds, when asked if they have got a call about the Justice League movie. "I don't know. If you're gonna do comic book movies in that vein, you really have to get them right. I believe that Joss Whedon is the guy that just nails it and Christopher Nolan obviously nails it. So if they were gonna do it like that, it would be an interesting thing to do.
"It's just that... working on Green Lantern, I saw how difficult it is make that concept palatable," Reynolds continues. "And how confused it all can be when you don't really know exactly where you're going with it or you don't really know how to access that world properly - that world comic book fans have been accessing for decades and falling in love with. So at this point I have very little interest in joining that kind of world. But, you know, a great script and a good director can always turn that around."
Speaking of the Deadpool movie, Ryan Reynolds addresses the previous movie with The Merc With The Mouth, Wolverine Origins.
[[wysiwyg_imageupload:6274:]]
"In the current iteration of the script, it doesn't address Wolverine - though it does address Deadpool's appearance in Wolverine. Deadpool was not happy with Deadpool in Wolverine. They have a sort of WTF!? moment with that," Reynolds offered.
In an interview the other day, the follow problem was posed to me: Write a method which validates a string if all the opening parentheses match the closing ones. For an invalid string, the method will return false . For a valid string, it will return true .
The method should behave as follows:
validate ( "(((hello))" ) # => false validate ( "((" ) # => false validate ( ")(" ) # => false validate ( "(())" ) # => true
After attempting a solution using a boolean value, I settled on a simple tally variable. Whenever an opening paren appears, the method increments the tally. When a closing paren appears, the method decrements the tally. Finally, it is just a matter of returning true or false depending on the final value of the tally. Here is the code:
def validate ( str ) tally = 0 str . each_char do | char | case char when "(" tally += 1 when ")" tally -= 1 end return false if tally < 0 end return tally == 0 end
If the tally ever becomes negative, we have encountered an unmatched closing right paren and can immediately return false. Note also the implicit fall-through in the case statement which will occur when char is a non-paren.
How then would we implement a validator which can check for not just parentheses, but also brackets, curly brackets, and angle brackets?
Again, the method should behave as follows:
smarter_validate("[(])") # => false smarter_validate("[(0)]") # => true
The solution requires a stack and a hash. Whenever we encounter a left paren or member of the left bracket family, we push it onto the stack. When we encounter a closing paren or bracket, we will pop off an item off the stack, look up its expected closing mark, and then compare the expected value with the actual value.
Here is a simple solution:
def smarter_validate ( str ) stack = [] lookup = { '(' => ')' , '[' => ']' , '{' => '}' , '<' => '>' } left = lookup . keys right = lookup . values str . each_char do | char | if left . include? char stack << char elsif right . include? char return false if stack . empty? || ( lookup [ stack . pop ] != char ) end end return stack . empty? end
First, we initialize a stack which will hold all the left parentheses and brackets. The hash gives us an easy way to associate left parentheses and brackets with their counterparts. We pull out both the keys and the values of the hash for easy reference.
Next, we loop over the string adding left items to the stack and popping them off when we find a right item. If we find a right item and the stack is empty, or if the right item does not match the item sitting on top of the stack, we know we have a mismatch and return false.
Finally, as long as we have taken everything off the stack, we return true.
Granted this solution is hardly ready for industrial use, but it's a working solution, which is always a good first step.
Image caption Ni Yulan (with husband) says police mistreatment left them disabled
Disabled Chinese lawyer Ni Yulan and their husband Dong Jiqin have been jailed a year after they were detained.
Ms Ni was sentenced to two years and eight months, while their husband was handed a two-year term.
The couple is known for providing legal help to people whose homes have been seized by the government.
They were jailed on charges of "picking quarrels, provoking trouble and wilfully destroying private and public property", a court spokesperson said.
The couple were detained last April as authorities rounded up scores of activists amid online calls for protests similar to those taking place at the time in the Arab world.
Their trial took place in December 2011, with the hearing closed to the press and foreign diplomats.
Their supporters said charges were meant to silence them and the trial was a sign of China's growing intolerance of dissent.
Their daughter, Dong Xuan, told reporters then that the trial had been "a very abnormal legal process".
"This is completely unfair, I urge the government to release my parents," they told AFP news agency after the sentencing on Tuesday.
"Both my parents looked very thin. I was unable to see my mother's face, they didn't turn around. They were in a wheelchair and looked very weak. My father saw me and asked me how I was. They told me that they were OK."
Fighting 'land grabs'
Ms Ni's fight against land grabs began in 2002 after their home in central Beijing was requisitioned and later demolished.
They have been banned from working as a lawyer but they and their husband have continued to advise others whose land has been seized.
They were sentenced to a year in jail in 2002 for "obstructing official business" and to two years' imprisonment in 2008 for "harming public property".
Fifty-one-year-old Ms Ni uses a wheelchair - a consequence, they and their supporters say, of mistreatment by police.
Amnesty International said their kneecaps and feet were broken during their detention in 2002. They have also described the ill treatment by authorities in media interviews, saying that they were pinned down and kicked until they were not able to walk.
The European Union issued a statement saying it was "deeply concerned" about Ms Ni's sentence and calling for their immediate release given their poor health.
The sentencing took place with heavy security around the courthouse, reports said.
family of operating systems by Microsoft
Windows NT is a family of operating systems produced by Microsoft, the first version of which was released on July 27, 1993. It is a processor-independent, multiprocessing and multi-user operating system.
The first version of Windows NT was Windows NT 3.1 and was produced for workstations and server computers. It was intended to complement consumer versions of Windows that were based on MS-DOS (including Windows 1.0 through Windows 3.1x). Gradually, the Windows NT family was expanded into Microsoft's general-purpose operating system product line for all personal computers, deprecating the Windows 9x family.
"NT" formerly expanded to "New Technology" but no longer carries any specific meaning. Starting with Windows 2000,[4] "NT" was removed from the product name and is only included in the product version string.[5]
NT was the first purely 32-bit version of Windows, whereas its consumer-oriented counterparts, Windows 3.1x and Windows 9x, were 16-bit/32-bit hybrids. It is a multi-architecture operating system. Initially, it supported several instruction set architectures, including IA-32, MIPS, and DEC Alpha; support for PowerPC, Itanium, x64, and ARM were added later. The latest versions support x86 (more specifically IA-32 and x64) and ARM. Major features of the Windows NT family include Windows Shell, Windows API, Native API, Active Directory, Group Policy, Hardware Abstraction Layer, NTFS, BitLocker, Windows Store, Windows Update, and Hyper-V.
Naming [ edit ]
It has been suggested that Dave Cutler intended the initialism "WNT" as a play on VMS, incrementing each letter by one.[6] However, the project was originally intended as a follow-on to OS/2 and was referred to as "NT OS/2" before receiving the Windows brand.[7] One of the original NT developers, Mark Lucovsky, states that the name was taken from the original target processor—the Intel i860, code-named N10 ("N-Ten").[8] A 1998 question-and-answer session with Bill Gates revealed that the letters were previously expanded to "New Technology" but no longer carry any specific meaning.[9] The letters were dropped from the names of releases from Windows 2000 and later, though Microsoft described that product as being "Built on NT Technology".[4][10]
Major features [ edit ]
A main design goal of NT was hardware and software portability. Various versions of NT family operating systems have been released for a variety of processor architectures, initially IA-32, MIPS, and DEC Alpha, with PowerPC, Itanium, x86-64 and ARM supported in later releases. The idea was to have a common code base with a custom Hardware Abstraction Layer (HAL) for each platform. However, support for MIPS, Alpha, and PowerPC was later dropped in Windows 2000. Broad software compatibility was achieved with support for several API "personalities", including Windows API, POSIX,[11] and OS/2 APIs[12] – the latter two were phased out starting with Windows XP.[13] Partial MS-DOS compatibility was achieved via an integrated DOS Virtual Machine – although this feature is being phased out in the x86-64 architecture.[14] NT supported per-object (file, function, and role) access control lists allowing a rich set of security permissions to be applied to systems and services. NT supported Windows network protocols, inheriting the previous OS/2 LAN Manager networking, as well as TCP/IP networking (for which Microsoft would implement a TCP/IP stack derived at first from a STREAMS-based stack from Spider Systems, then later rewritten in-house).[15]
Windows NT 3.1 was the first version of Windows to use 32-bit flat virtual memory addressing on 32-bit processors. Its companion product, Windows 3.1, used segmented addressing and switches from 16-bit to 32-bit addressing in pages.
Windows NT 3.1 featured a core kernel providing a system API, running in supervisor mode (ring 0 in x86; referred to in Windows NT as "kernel mode" on all platforms), and a set of user-space environments with their own APIs which included the new Win32 environment, an OS/2 1.3 text-mode environment and a POSIX environment. The full preemptive multitasking kernel could interrupt running tasks to schedule other tasks, without relying on user programs to voluntarily give up control of the CPU, as in Windows 3.1 Windows applications (although MS-DOS applications were preemptively multitasked in Windows starting with Windows/386).
Notably, in Windows NT 3.x, several I/O driver subsystems, such as video and printing, were user-mode subsystems. In Windows NT 4, the video, server, and printer spooler subsystems were moved into kernel mode. Windows NT's first GUI was strongly influenced by (and programmatically compatible with) that from Windows 3.1; Windows NT 4's interface was redesigned to match that of the brand new Windows 95, moving from the Program Manager to the Windows shell design.
NTFS, a journaled, secure file system, was created for NT. Windows NT also allows for other installable file systems; starting with versions 3.1, NT could be installed on FAT or HPFS file systems.[16]
Windows NT introduced its own driver model, the Windows NT driver model, and is incompatible with older driver frameworks. With Windows 2000, the Windows NT driver model was enhanced to become the Windows Driver Model, which was first introduced with Windows 98, but was based on the NT driver model.[17] Windows Vista added native support for the Windows Driver Foundation, which is also available for Windows XP, Windows Server 2003 and to an extent, Windows 2000.
Development [ edit ]
Original Windows NT wordmark.
Microsoft decided to create a portable operating system, compatible with OS/2 and POSIX and supporting multiprocessing, in October 1988.[18] When development started in November 1989, Windows NT was to be known as OS/2 3.0,[19] the third version of the operating system developed jointly by Microsoft and IBM. To ensure portability, initial development was targeted at the Intel i860XR RISC processor, switching to the MIPS R3000 in late 1989, and then the Intel i386 in 1990.[20] Microsoft also continued parallel development of the DOS-based and less resource-demanding Windows environment, resulting in the release of Windows 3.0 in May 1990. Windows 3 was eventually so successful that Microsoft decided to change the primary application programming interface for the still unreleased NT OS/2 (as it was then known) from an extended OS/2 API to an extended Windows API. This decision caused tension between Microsoft and IBM and the collaboration ultimately fell apart. IBM continued OS/2 development alone while Microsoft continued work on the newly renamed Windows NT. Though neither operating system would immediately be as popular as Microsoft's MS-DOS or Windows products, Windows NT would eventually be far more successful than OS/2.
Microsoft hired a group of developers from Digital Equipment Corporation led by Dave Cutler to build Windows NT, and many elements of the design reflect earlier DEC experiences with Cutler's VMS[21] and RSX-11, but also an unreleased object-based operating system developed by Dave Cutler for DEC Prism.[22]The team was joined by selected members of the disbanded OS/2 team, including Moshe Dunie.[6] The operating system was designed to run on multiple instruction set architectures and multiple hardware platforms within each architecture. The platform dependencies are largely hidden from the rest of the system by a kernel mode module called the HAL (Hardware Abstraction Layer).
Windows NT's kernel mode code further distinguishes between the "kernel", whose primary purpose is to implement processor- and architecture-dependent functions, and the "executive". This was designed as a modified microkernel, as the Windows NT kernel was influenced by the Mach microkernel developed at Carnegie Mellon University,[23] but does not meet all of the criteria of a pure microkernel. Both the kernel and the executive are linked together into the single loaded module ntoskrnl.exe; from outside this module there is little distinction between the kernel and the executive. Routines from each are directly accessible, as for example from kernel-mode device drivers.
API sets in the Windows NT family are implemented as subsystems atop the publicly undocumented "native" API; this allowed the late adoption of the Windows API (into the Win32 subsystem). Windows NT was one of the earliest operating systems to use Unicode internally.
Releases [ edit ]
Windows NT 3.1 to 3.51 incorporated the Program Manager and File Manager from the Windows 3.1x series. Windows NT 4.0 onwards replaced those programs with Windows Explorer (including a taskbar and Start menu), which originally appeared in Windows 95.
The first release was given version number 3.1 to match the contemporary 16-bit Windows; magazines of that era claimed the number was also used to make that version seem more reliable than a ".0" release. Also the Novell IPX protocol was apparently licensed only to 3.1 versions of Windows software.[citation needed]
The NT version number is not now generally used for marketing purposes, but is still used internally, and said to reflect the degree of changes to the core of the operating system.[41] However, for application compatibility reasons, Microsoft kept the major version number as 6 in releases following Vista,[42] but changed it later to 10 in Windows 10.[36] The build number is an internal identifier used by Microsoft's developers and beta testers.
Programming language [ edit ]
Windows NT is written in C and C++, with a very small amount written in assembly language.[43] C is mostly used for the kernel code while C++ is mostly used for user-mode code. Assembly language is avoided where possible because it would impede portability.[44]
Supported platforms [ edit ]
32-bit platforms [ edit ]
In order to prevent Intel x86-specific code from slipping into the operating system by developers used to developing on x86 chips, Windows NT 3.1 was initially developed using non-x86 development systems and then ported to the x86 architecture. This work was initially based on the Intel i860-based Dazzle system and, later, the MIPS R4000-based Jazz platform. Both systems were designed internally at Microsoft.[45]
Windows NT 3.1 was released for Intel x86 PC compatible, PC-98, DEC Alpha, and ARC-compliant MIPS platforms. Windows NT 3.51 added support for the PowerPC processor in 1995, specifically PReP-compliant systems such as the IBM Power Series desktops/laptops and Motorola PowerStack series; but despite meetings between Michael Spindler and Bill Gates, not on the Power Macintosh as the PReP compliant Power Macintosh project failed to ship.
Intergraph Corporation ported Windows NT to its Clipper architecture and later announced intention to port Windows NT 3.51 to Sun Microsystems' SPARC architecture,[46] but neither version was sold to the public as a retail product.
Only two of the Windows NT 4.0 variants (IA-32 and Alpha) have a full set of service packs available. All of the other ports done by third parties (Motorola, Intergraph, etc.) have few, if any, publicly available updates.
Windows NT 4.0 was the last major release to support Alpha, MIPS, or PowerPC, though development of Windows 2000 for Alpha continued until August 1999, when Compaq stopped support for Windows NT on that architecture; and then three days later Microsoft also canceled their AlphaNT program,[47] even though the Alpha NT 5 (Windows 2000) release had reached RC1 status.[48]
Microsoft announced on January 5, 2011 that the next major version of the Windows NT family will include support for the ARM architecture. Microsoft demonstrated a preliminary version of Windows (version 6.2.7867) running on an ARM-based computer at the 2011 Consumer Electronics Show.[49] This eventually led to the commercial release of the Windows 8-derived Windows RT on October 26, 2012, and the implementation of NT over CE on Windows Phone 8.
According to Microsoft, it is a common misconception that the Xbox and Xbox 360 use a modified Windows 2000 kernel, for the Xbox operating system was built from scratch but implements a subset of Windows APIs.[50]
64-bit platforms [ edit ]
The 64-bit versions of Windows NT were originally intended to run on Itanium and DEC Alpha; the latter was used internally at Microsoft during early development of 64-bit Windows.[51][52] This continued for some time after Microsoft publicly announced that it was cancelling plans to ship 64-bit Windows for Alpha.[53] Because of this, Alpha versions of Windows NT are 32-bit only.
While Windows 2000 only supports Intel IA-32 (32-bit), Windows XP, Server 2003, Server 2008 and Server 2008 R2 each have one edition dedicated to Itanium-based systems.[54][55][56] In comparison with Itanium, Microsoft adopted x64 on a greater scale: every version of Windows since Windows XP (which has a dedicated x64 edition),[57] has x64 editions.[54][58]
Hardware requirements [ edit ]
The minimum hardware specification required to run each release of the professional workstation version of Windows NT has been fairly slow-moving until the 6.0 Vista release, which requires a minimum of 15 GB of free disk space, a 10-fold increase in free disk space alone over the previous version.
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
80% 56% 60% 40% 20% Share of decisions considered liberal '40 '50 '60 '70 '80 '90 '00 '10 '15 80% 56% 60% 40% 20% Share of decisions considered liberal '40 '50 '60 '70 '80 '90 '00 '10 '15 80% 56% 60% 40% 20% Share of decisions considered liberal '40 '50 '60 '70 '80 '90 '00 '10 '15 80% 56% 60% 40% 20% Share of decisions considered liberal '40 '60 '80 '00 '15 Note: Only non-unanimous, signed decisions in argued cases are included. | Source: Analysis by Lee Epstein, Washington University in St. Louis, and Kevin Quinn, University of California, Berkeley, using the Supreme Court Database.
The court's decisions continued a leftward trend, one that would have probably been amplified by the addition of Judge Garland to the court.
The court issued liberal decisions in 56 percent of cases so far this term, according to a widely accepted standard developed by political scientists that considers signed decisions in argued cases. The share is only slightly lower than in the 2014-15 term, which had the highest share of liberal decisions since the court led by Chief Justice Earl Warren in the 1950s and 1960s.
Judge Garland would probably fit squarely among the liberal bloc of the court, according to an analysis of their appeals court record. (A low-end estimate would put them slightly more conservative than Justice Stephen G. Breyer, and a high-end estimate more liberal than Justice Sonia Sotomayor.)
Share of votes considered liberal (During Roberts Court) 25% 50% 75% Where scholars estimate Merrick Garland would fall Kennedy Thomas Alito Roberts Breyer Kagan Sotomayor Ginsburg Share of votes considered liberal 25% 50% 75% Where scholars estimate Merrick Garland would fall (During Roberts Court) Kennedy Thomas Alito Roberts Breyer Kagan Sotomayor Ginsburg Share of votes considered liberal (During Roberts Court) 25% 50% 75% Where scholars estimate Merrick Garland would fall Thomas Alito Kennedy Breyer Kagan Sotomayor Roberts Ginsburg Where scholars estimate Merrick Garland would fall 25% 50% 75% Share of votes considered liberal (During Roberts Court) Kennedy Thomas Alito Roberts Breyer Kagan Sotomayor Ginsburg Note: Only non-unanimous cases during the Roberts court (which began in 2005) are included. | Source: Analysis by Lee Epstein, Washington University in St. Louis, and Kevin Quinn, University of California, Berkeley, using the Court of Appeals Judicial Common Space scores.
With eight justices, some major decisions were deadlocked.
The eight-member court issued a handful of 4-4 opinions, decisions that were directly affected by the death of Justice Scalia in February and the absence of a replacement. The last time the court had a vacancy longer than this one was in 1987-88, when Justice Anthony M. Kennedy filled the seat of Lewis F. Powell Jr. eight months after Justice Powell's retirement.
On Thursday, the court was evenly split in a case considering whether the Obama administration could shield as many as five million unauthorized immigrants from deportation and to allow them to work. The tie resulted in a major loss for the administration, affirming the lower court decision and upholding a nationwide injunction blocking the program.
Because the case was affirmed 4 to 4, no precedent was set and justice splits were not disclosed. Here is the likely lineup, based on questioning during the oral arguments and earlier votes:
LIBERAL BLOC LIKELY SIDED WITH ADMINISTRATION CONSERVATIVE BLOC LIKELY OPPOSED ADMINISTRATION Sotomayor Kagan Ginsburg Breyer Kennedy Roberts Alito Thomas CONSERVATIVE BLOC LIKELY OPPOSED ADMINISTRATION LIBERAL BLOC LIKELY SIDED WITH ADMINISTRATION Sotomayor Kagan Ginsburg Breyer Kennedy Roberts Alito Thomas LIBERAL BLOC LIKELY SIDED WITH ADMINISTRATION Sotomayor Kagan Ginsburg Breyer CONSERVATIVE BLOC LIKELY OPPOSED ADMINISTRATION Kennedy Roberts Alito Thomas LIBERAL BLOC LIKELY SIDED WITH ADMINISTRATION Sotomayor Kagan Ginsburg Breyer CONSERVATIVE BLOC LIKELY OPPOSED ADMINISTRATION Kennedy Roberts Alito Thomas
Should Judge Garland have been approved by the Senate in time to weigh in on the case, they may have sided with the administration, resulting in a 5-4 decision.
In March, the court also voted 4 to 4 in a public unions case, affirming an appeals court's decision that said that public employees who choose not to join unions may be required to pay union fees. The likely lineup:
LIBERAL BLOC LIKELY SIDED WITH UNIONS CONSERVATIVE BLOC LIKELY SIDED AGAINST UNIONS Sotomayor Kagan Ginsburg Breyer Kennedy Roberts Alito Thomas LIBERAL BLOC LIKELY SIDED WITH UNIONS CONSERVATIVE BLOC LIKELY SIDED AGAINST UNIONS Sotomayor Kagan Ginsburg Breyer Kennedy Roberts Alito Thomas LIBERAL BLOC LIKELY SIDED WITH UNIONS Sotomayor Kagan Ginsburg Breyer CONSERVATIVE BLOC LIKELY SIDED AGAINST UNIONS Kennedy Roberts Alito Thomas LIBERAL BLOC LIKELY SIDED WITH UNIONS Sotomayor Kagan Ginsburg Breyer CONSERVATIVE BLOC LIKELY SIDED AGAINST UNIONS Kennedy Roberts Alito Thomas
In this case, the addition of Justice Scalia to the conservative bloc would have resulted in a loss for organized labor; the addition of Justice Garland to the liberal bloc would have produced the same decision but also set a precedent.
Since the death of Justice Scalia, the justices have been more likely to form consensus.
Each justice is now voting in the majority in non-unanimous cases either more than or with about the same frequency as in the past, with the exception of Justice Clarence Thomas.
Justice Kennedy maintained their position as the court's swing justice, while three of the liberal justices — Justice Elena Kagan, Justice Breyer and Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg — significantly increased their percentages in the majority.
Percentage of decisions in the majority Before Justice Scalia's death Since Justice Scalia's death Kennedy Kagan Breyer Ginsburg Roberts Alito Sotomayor Thomas 40% 60% 80% 100% Percentage of decisions in the majority Before Justice Scalia's death Since Justice Scalia's death Kennedy Kagan Breyer Ginsburg Roberts Alito Sotomayor Thomas 40% 60% 80% 100% Percentage of decisions in the majority Before Justice Scalia's death Since Justice Scalia's death Kennedy Kagan Breyer Ginsburg Roberts Alito Sotomayor Thomas 40% 60% 80% 100% Percentage of decisions in the majority Before Justice Scalia's death Since Justice Scalia's death Kennedy Kagan Breyer Ginsburg Roberts Alito Sotomayor Thomas 40% 60% 80% Note: Only non-unanimous cases during the Roberts court (which began in 2005) are included. | Source: Analysis by Lee Epstein, Washington University in St. Louis, and Kevin Quinn, University of California, Berkeley, using the Supreme Court Database.
Justice Sotomayor has become the most liberal justice, and three members of the conservative bloc are drifting left.
Justice ideology based on Martin-Quinn scores Nominated by a Republican Nominated by a Democrat MORE CONSERVATIVE +4 MORE LIBERAL Thomas +2 Scalia Alito Roberts +0 Median justice Kennedy Breyer Kagan –2 Ginsburg Sotomayor –4 1990 2000 2010 2015 term Justice ideology based on Martin-Quinn scores Nominated by a Republican Nominated by a Democrat MORE CONSERVATIVE MORE LIBERAL +4 Thomas +2 Scalia Alito Roberts +0 Median justice Kennedy Breyer Kagan –2 Ginsburg Sotomayor –4 1990 2000 2010 2015 term Justice ideology based on Martin-Quinn scores Nominated by a Democrat Nominated by a Republican MORE CONSERVATIVE +4 MORE LIBERAL Thomas +2 Scalia Alito Roberts +0 Median justice Kennedy Breyer Kagan –2 Ginsburg Sotomayor –4 1990 2000 2010 2015 term Justice ideology based on Martin-Quinn scores Nominated by a Democrat Nominated by a Republican MORE CONSERVATIVE MORE LIBERAL +4 Thomas +2 Scalia Alito Roberts +0 Median justice Kennedy Breyer Kagan –2 Ginsburg Sotomayor –4 1990 2000 2010 2015 term Note: Scores are preliminary and do not include cases decided after June 23. | Source: Analysis by Lee Epstein, Washington University in St. Louis; Andrew D. Martin, University of Michigan; and Kevin Quinn, University of California, Berkeley, using the Supreme Court Database.
Individual justice ideology scores, which are based on voting patterns, also illustrate the court's leftward shift. With the exception of Justice Thomas, the conservative justice scores moved closer to their liberal counterparts.
A young Tibetan studying in India set themselves ablaze on Friday at the Central University for Tibetan Studies in Varanasi in a protest calling for freedom for their homeland, Tibetan sources said.
Tenzin Choeying, aged about 20, self-immolated at around 9:00 a.m. in the entrance of a residence hall after dousing themselves with kerosene, witnesses told RFA's Tibetan Service.
“He ran [a short distance] and shouted “Victory to Tibet,” said Chime Namgyal, president of the Varanasi chapter of the Tibetan Youth Congress activist group, who later visited the burned student in a nearby hospital.
Several students and Indian staff quickly ran to Choeying to put out the fire, another source said.
Choeying, who is now in critical condition with burns over 60 percent of their body, is being treated in a hospital in Varanasi, Namgyal told RFA.
“The doctor cannot guarantee their chances for survival, but they are able to speak,” Namgyal said, adding that Choeying said they had burned themselves because “there are no rights for Tibetans in Tibet.”
Choeying was especially concerned that Tibetans under Chinese rule should be allowed to learn their own language, Namgyal said.
Choeying launched their protest while Lobsang Sangay, president of Tibet's India-based exile government the Central Tibetan Administration, was giving a speech to university students, but the protest was not linked to Sangay's presence on campus, Choeying said from their hospital bed.
“The Sikyong is doing a great job, and I fully appreciate him,” Choeying said, using the Tibetan title for Sangay's political role in exile. “I burned myself only for Tibet.”
Choeying's parents, residents of the Kollegal Tibetan Settlement in South India, were informed of their son's protest and condition and are expected to arrive soon to see them at the hospital in Varanasi, Namgyal said.
Whole-hearted opposition
In a statement released July 14, the London-based advocacy group Free Tibet called Choeying's protest further evidence of the ”deep and whole-hearted opposition that Tibetans have to China's continued occupation of their country and to the human rights abuses that prop this occupation up.”
Both inside and outside Tibet, young Tibetans “feel a sense of injustice that drives them to act and make sacrifices that many of us can barely comprehend,” Free Tibet said.
Self-immolation protests by Tibetans living outside Tibetan-populated areas of China are rare, while a total of 150 have now set themselves ablaze in Tibet and Tibetan-populated counties in western China.
Most protests feature demands for Tibetan freedom and the return of the Dalai Lama from India, where they have lived since escaping Tibet during a failed national uprising in 1959.
Reported by Sangye Dorjee for RFA's Tibetan Service. Translated by Dorjee Damdul. Written in English by Richard Finney.
As Congress and President Trump continue to work to pass the most significant tax cuts in more than 30 years, the president is also implementing another enormous conservative reform that will strengthen America for decades.
With the help of Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., the president is restoring the intended purpose of the federal judiciary – to uphold the rule of law as outlined in the Constitution.
Our Founding Fathers intended for the judicial branch to be an impartial institution with the sole mission of interpreting the law and ensuring it is applied fairly to all Americans.
Under the Obama administration, judges instead cast themselves as political activists pursuing a liberal-leaning agenda. Our Founders fully understood the threat that a politically saturated judicial branch posed to our God-given and legally protected American freedoms.
Fortunately, President Trump does too.
With help from adviser Leonard Leo, as well as guidance from John Malcolm and others at the Heritage Foundation and the Federalist Society, President Trump has already taken monumental steps to restore the integrity of the federal bench by appointing originalist judicial nominees who will apply the law as it is written, rather than in the way current political forces desire.
In addition to conservative U.S. Supreme Court Justice Neil Gorsuch, 13 more of President Trump's judicial nominees have been confirmed by the Senate as of last Thursday. By comparison, only eight of President Obama's appointees had been confirmed by the end of November 2009 – when the Democrats controlled the Senate with 60 seats.
The numbers alone speak to how tremendously effective President Trump and Leader McConnell have been. Republicans have a slim 53-vote Senate majority (including Vice President Pence's vote). Imagine what they could get done with 60 reliable votes – a point to keep in mind going into the 2018 midterm elections.
The left and the media are panicked because they know the large-scale changes President Trump is making will have long-lasting, history-shaping effects.
Federal judicial appointments are for life, and President Trump is selecting relatively young individuals, by federal court standards. This means these conservative judges could potentially occupy these positions for a long time.
In fact, Ronald A. Klain wrote in July in the Washington Post that the average age of President Trump's Court of Appeals nominees was 48 – seven years younger than the average age of President Obama's nominees. This means, “on average, Trump's appellate court nominees will sit through nearly two more presidential terms than Obama's,” Klain wrote.
In addition to serving longer terms, these judges will also bring new experiences and aptitudes into the judicial system. This can be tremendously helpful as cases involving cybercrime, data theft, and malicious use of technology become more common.
The importance of this dramatic reshaping of the entire federal court system cannot be overstated. While it is easy to focus on the U.S. Supreme Court, lower and appellate court judges will make decisions that impact ordinary Americans on a daily basis for decades to come. This Trump transformation in the judiciary could establish the most pro-American, pro-individual rights federal bench in modern American history.
There is no doubt that the tax cuts President Trump and Republicans in Congress are working on will do wonders to boost our economy, create jobs and increase wages. In addition, President Trump's deregulation efforts will spur innovation and empower Americans to focus on the work they love.
However, the Trump revolution taking place in the federal court system will help our nation continue to prosper by ensuring that our judges protect our lives, liberty and core values for decades to come.
A former Montgomery County council aide announced Thursday that they will run for the state Senate against incumbent Richard S. Madaleno Jr., setting up a contest between a transgender woman and the chamber's only openly gay member.
Dana Beyer, who is executive director of Gender Rights Maryland and previously worked for former Council member Duchy Trachtenberg (D-At Large), announced their intentions on a campaign Web site and in an item that appeared on the Huffington Post.
Beyer cast themselves as a progressive focused on social justice issues and lifting people into the middle class. In an interview, they honored Madaleno for their groundbreaking role as one of the first openly gay lawmakers in the state but also criticized them for not being more bold on economic issues.
“We need the Montgomery County delegation to be strongly progressive and the incumbent senator, particularly on economic issues, is not,” Beyer said. “I believe I can better serve the residents of the county on the economy.”
Beyer, a retired eye surgeon, ran unsuccessfully for the House of Delegates in 2006 and 2010.
Madaleno (D-Montgomery) shrugged off the challenge.
“I'm proud of my rather lengthy list of accomplishments,” they said Thursday. Madaleno, who joined the state Senate in 2007, said that as a member of the Budget and Taxation Committee and chairperson of its education, business and administration subcommittee, they have played an important role in shaping legislative initiatives as varied as the Dream Act, marriage equality and generous funding for public education.
“I think the last four years in particular have been the most progressive in Maryland history,” Madaleno said. They also boasted of having received the support of all the other senators in the county's delegation.
“Senator Madaleno is Montgomery County's budgetary wizard who translates the progressive priorities of our delegation every day into the dollars and cents of the state budget,” Sen. Jamie B. Raskin, the county delegation's chair, said in a written statement.
Asked about the significance of the matchup between a transgender and openly gay candidate, Madaleno said, “I think it says that people who, in years past, would never have thought of running for office, now find the doors wide open. There's tremendously more acceptance. It's been a remarkable transformation in 12 years.”
Madaleno said there are now eight openly gay members in the Maryland General Assembly, a number that they said they believe is more than any other in the country.
Beyer also acknowledged the unusual nature of their matchup.
“It's strange and comical at the same time that I happen to be living in a district with a gay senator,” Beyer said. “The fact that both of us are LBGT probably neutralizes the issue completely. I think it says a lot about how far America has come.”
Beyer said on their Web site that as a former co-owner of a medical practice they know how to create jobs.
“I am determined to level the playing field for our families, starting with raising the minimum wage – a critical step in rebuilding our middle class and giving working people a chance to support themselves,” they said. “I'll help grow our economy by expanding loans and tax credits for small businesses, repairing and modernizing our infrastructure and working to eliminate corporate tax loopholes.”
Many young Americans view student debt as a necessary evil in pursuing higher education. The level of student debt now reaches Himalayan levels as many are falling behind on keeping up with payments. A double-edged sword has befallen young Americans. First, the path to middle class jobs no longer runs through a blue collar industry (as I'm sure Detroit would testify to this fact). Second, the required skills for middle class jobs (i.e., healthcare, engineering, sciences, etc) run through formal education for better or worse. The ability to pull oneself out of one class and have mobility to another is at the core of the American Dream. Yet this dream is now becoming a debt filled labyrinth. Recent college graduates are finding it difficult to buy a home or other typical life journeys when many already come out with mortgage like debt thanks to the student loans they carry. Are we seeing a sort of economic arrested development for younger Americans courtesy of the maze of student debt?
Student debt problems
The latest data from the Federal Reserve has student debt showing up as the most delinquent of all household debt:
11.2 percent of all student debt is 90+ days late which is startling given that many students are given six months after they graduate to begin paying back their debt. This is also the first time that student debt shows up as the most delinquent of all household debt.
An impact the size of a meteor crater is felt when too much debt is taken on.
“(CBS) I'm $90,000 in debt from student loans,” says their mom, Kaitlin Smith. That enormous bill impacts nearly every decision the young couple makes. “It definitely holds you back. It's hard to move forward in your life and career knowing you have this debt,” says Kaitlin. At 26-years-old, the preschool teacher is saddled with a $457 loan payment every month. Over the next two years that monthly bill will double. Kaitlin and their husband, Eric, would love to use that money to save for a house.”
$90,000 in student debt is nothing to sneeze at. In many areas of Florida this could be the amount of a mortgage. So it is no surprise that people feel constrained and hampered by the student debt they carry. The above case is playing out in many households. How many young Americans are delaying buying a home or even saving for retirement because of the financial challenges they are facing, in many cases brought on by burdensome student debt?
A recent survey gives us an idea:
Source: Wells Fargo
51 percent of Millennials have yet to save for retirement. What you'll see from the survey as well is that 64 percent financed their education with student debt.
So it should come as no surprise that of non-housing related debt, the largest debt sector in the US is now student debt:
Over $1 trillion in student debt is outstanding. And as we have shown in an earlier chart, many Americans are having a tougher time paying their student debt. How can this be when the stock market is reaching new peaks? Could it be that much of the recent gains are not filtering down to younger Americans? The figures seem to show a stunted financial development for many young Americans.
The amount of student debt filtering through the financial pipes of our system is definitely causing some clogs along the way. What we are seeing is income being diverted to service old student debt versus buying new items. And surveys are showing some real challenges:
“According to a recent survey conducted for the American Institute of CPAs by Harris Interactive, 41% are not contributing to their retirement, 40% have put off buying a car, 29% can't buy a house, and 15% have decided to delay marriage.”
The problems of student debt are boiling up to the top yet the media fails to address them. Similar to other recent financial challenges, by the time you hear about it on the regular press the walls of the student debt dam would have already busted wide open.
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today's challenging market!
This week, the Last Word on Sports NFL department will be selecting starting lineups consisting of the best players from each division. In this article, the NFC West offense is the focus.
2016 NFC West All-Division Team: The Offense
Quarterback: Russell Wilson (Seattle)
After making it to the super bowl in back to back seasons, Wilson and the Seahawks saw that streak come to an end this NFL postseason. However, Russell Wilson had a fantastic year, in which they were able to rejuvenate their young career by setting personal bests in several passing categories. They altered their mechanics, added a few situational routes with their receivers, and even changed their reads on a few different progressions. There were moments when they still seemed poised beyond their years, and their new-found chemistry with receiver Doug Baldwin (also on this list) definitely catapulted Seattle's offense to new heights. Wilson will look to keep the positive momentum going into next season.
Running Back: Todd Gurley (L.A.)
Todd Gurley's rookie season was a success. The rookie running back finished the season third in the league in rushing, behind only Adrian Peterson and Doug Martin. A knee injury that caused Gurley to slip in the 2015 NFL draft, had been the motivator for them to prove their doubters wrong. Even after missing the first three games of the season, Gurley still ran for 1,106 yards on the year. An effective power back with break-away speed, Gurley has only just gotten started, they will look to add to their totals this fall.
Wide Receiver: Larry Fitzgerald (Arizona)
Entering their 13th NFL season, Larry Fitzgerald has aged like fine wine. Their overall numbers may have diminished over the years, but they still make an impact on a game that any quarterback would love to have. Fitzgerald is a great compliment to Arizona's quarterback, Carson Palmer. After finally accruing talented receivers around Fitzgerald, the Cardinals allowed Palmer to be more comfortable in their progressions. Instead of just throwing it up to Fitzgerald every play, Palmer is able to read the defense properly and throw to the open receiver. Nonetheless, Larry Fitzgerald makes this list by default, as an all-time great.
Wide Receiver: Doug Baldwin (Seattle)
Doug Baldwin came out of nowhere to have a career year for Seattle. They finished the season with 78 catches, 1,069 yards, and 14 touchdowns. Their connection with quarterback, Russell Wilson, developed exponentially throughout the year, and by season's end the duo was firing on all cylinders. The loss of Jimmy Graham towards the second half of the season only created more targets for Baldwin in the Seahawks' offense. This year, look for Seattle to find more ways to get Baldwin the ball in space now that they know their natural playmaking ways.
Slot Receiver: Tavon Austin (L.A.)
Tavon Austin is a speedster who can change pace with the best of them. They ended last season with 52 catches for 473 yards and five touchdowns, while carrying the ball 52 times for 434 yards and another four touchdowns. Austin also added 284 return yards and a touchdown on special teams. Needless to say, they make for a talented slot receiver on any team. Their penchant for rushing the ball just as much as they catch it means the Rams are trying to get them the ball in any way possible. After 10 total touchdowns in 2015, Austin will look to get even better in 2016.
Tight End: Jimmy Graham (Seattle)
After appearing in only 11 games last season due to injury, Graham amassed 605 yards on 48 catches and two touchdowns. They never really got going when they were healthy and playing last year, but Jimmy Graham is still considered to be the most talented tight end in the entire division. If all goes well with their recovery time, by training camp the fans could get to see their star tight end fully healthy for the first time in a Seahawks jersey. Graham's talent is undeniable and even after a downtrodden season, they are still the best tight end west of the Mississippi River.
Left Tackle: Jared Veldheer (Arizona)
Jared Veldheer is entering their eighth season out of Hillsdale College. They have been a rock on the left side of the trenches for Arizona. The combination of them and Mike Iupati at left guard makes for a formidable duo on the offensive line. Once the Cardinals were able to establish a solid running game last season, their production never faltered, partly due to the strong play of Veldheer.
Left Guard: Mike Iupati (Arizona)
Iupati has played six seasons in the NFL, they were drafted out of Idaho University in the first round of the 2010 NFL draft by San Francisco. They played their first five seasons with the 49ers before signing with Arizona ahead of the 2015 season. Iupati and fellow lineman, Jared Veldheer, form one of the strongest pairings on any frontline in the NFL. Particularly in the running game, Iupati can display their quickness and explosive hands to full effect. Look for them to be an impact player again for Arizona this fall.
Center: Tim Barnes (L.A.)
Tim Barnes started in all 16 games last season for the Rams.  They are the voice of the offensive line, and their reliability makes it easy for teammates to depend on him. Barnes is entering their fifth season as a pro and with a solid run blocking foundation in place, Barnes is set to pave the way for Todd Gurley for years to come.
Right Guard: Rob Havenstein (L.A.)
Rob Havenstein is 6'7” and 320 pounds of muscle. They move people around for a living. As a rookie last season, they helped solidify an offensive line in dire need of production and stability along the right side. The Rams went from 19th in total rushing in 2014 to 13th in total rushing in 2015. Their second full season as a starter with the Rams will be an exciting one to watch.
Right Tackle: Joe Staley (S.F.)
Now entering their 10th NFL season, Joe Staley was drafted out of Central Michigan by the San Francisco 49ers in the first round of the 2007 NFL draft. Since being drafted however, he's been the only image of stability for the franchise. A true “Pro's pro” Staley has been a five time pro-bowler for the 49ers and looks to maintain their stature against the rest of the NFC West starting this September.
Now that the offense has been discussed, be sure to check out the NFC West All-Division defense and special teams.
The Computex 2016 conference ran from 31 May to 4 June, bringing with it a whole host of new hardware announcements.
With VR being the “it” thing this year, exhibitors had to solve the problem of demonstrating their new virtual reality peripherals without tethering users to a workstation.
As a result, HP, MSI, Gigabyte and Zotac all debuted “backpack PCs”, powerful mini-computers that can handle for VR gaming, but won't result in gamers tripping over themselves or being rooted to the spot.
This is the tech behind MSI's version:
Mobile Intel Core i7 Extreme series processor
Nvidia GeForce GTX 980 GPU
User-swappable battery that's rated for up to 90 minutes of VR gaming.
External monitor, headphones, and of course keyboard and mouse ports located on the top of the case.
Weighs apporximately 4.5kg
The backpack PC is also fully-upgradeable and can be used as a traditional desktop.
It is not confirmed when any of these PCs will be available for purchase, but MSI has hinted that we could see a version of its backpack PC at the end of 2016.
More gaming news
Awesome gaming and tech deals
Nvidia plans to use GeForce GTX 1080 and GTX 1070 desktop cards in gaming laptops
Meet one of South Africa's premier Hearthstone players – Francois “Fafa” Mouton
Visiting the Nation's Capital alongside their UFC 172 opponent Glover Teixeira, UFC light heavyweight champion Jon Jones is still looking back to their September bout with Alexander Gustafsson. Speaking with Chad Dukes and Lavar Arrington on 106.7 The Fan in Washington, D.C. Tuesday, Jones says their last outing with Gustafsson has given them new resolve as a champion.
"My last fight I had a really tough fight. I just won by decision. I just squeaked out a victory. I've been humbled. It's an empowering thing. It's a scary thing for [my opponents]. Now I'm taking my job more seriously than ever."
With claims by some fans that he's already looking down the road at future opponents, Jones says it's all just part of the game.
"It's kind of a no-brainer. Anybody who pays attention to the sport knows who's coming, you know who's deserving. You've got to give Alexander Gustafsson the No. 1 contender spot behind Glover Teixeira. Then with the way Daniel Cormier has been performing, he's top three at the heavyweight division. Lets see how they compete at the light heavyweight division but with the tear he's been on, if they can continue that, it's unquestioned that they deserve a shot, as well.
"I really don't like [Cormier] too much, but right now he's coming across as being good for the sport. He's a really articulate guy. He's doing a lot of broadcasting and commentary. He's a winner and an Olympian. So even though I don't like him, I do respect what he's doing for our sport."
Back to the matter of Teixeira, Jones doesn't look to be buying into the Brazilian's knockout hype.
"I won't have to gameplan for it. I'll just have to be aware of it and respect it. In Glover's last fight, you saw that. They were getting beat up. They had their back against the wall. They were covering up their face, kind of in the fetal or turtle position. They peeked up, saw that they had an opening, swung and got a knockout, which was extremely impressive. So yea, Glover is someone I'm going to have to respect tremendously. They have knockout power in both their right hand and left hand. It's just going to be a really entertaining fight to watch."
5 MUST-READ STORIES
Rumble returns. After going 6-0 outside of the UFC, Anthony Johnson returns to face Phil Davis at UFC 172.
A rising Overeem lifts all ships. Chuck Mindenhall explains why a dominant Alistair Overeem means more eyeballs on the sport.
Signal to noise. Luke Thomas gives us their best and worst of UFC 169.
Brain study. Legislators and promoters have teamed up to study brain trauma in combat sports.
Fight pass. The UFC has started taking steps to improve security for the digital service.
MEDIA STEW
A look at Forrest Griffin's time in TUF 1.
Jose Aldo and Renan Barao hanging out a few hours before their fights at UFC 169.
Cris Cyborg says she's walking around at 165lbs.
Jones runs into Georges St-Pierre.
Then a followup of Jones asking TMZ why they tried to create controversy over nothing.
Teixeira talks Jones.
Bless you, Korean UFC Fight Night 36 promo.
(via r/MMA)
Long watches.
Daniel Cormier on Steve Austin's podcast. (Skip ahead to 12:00 to get to DC)
Senators Reid and McCain Join Boxing, MMA Executives to Support Professional Fighters Study (Skip to about 1:00:00 to get to Lorenzo and the fighters)
TWEETS
Welcome back.
@PhilMrWonderful Thanks big dog. Let's put on a show nobody will ever forget. — Anthony Johnson (@Anthony_Rumble) February 4, 2014
This would have been a much better live season.
If you are real Man talk this to me tomorrow,face to face or shut up @sonnench! La è um froxo,amanha o bixo vai Pegar pr o lado dele chega! — Wanderlei Silva (@wandfc) February 5, 2014
Different.
Still part of Team Nog?
In D.C.
Great to be a part of the Cleveland Clinic Brain Health Study pic.twitter.com/RnCYNTjHSY — glover teixeira (@gloverteixeira) February 4, 2014
Chilling with my hitta.... John McCain http://t.co/0Yp3Ps5Otw — Jon Bones Jones (@JonnyBones) February 4, 2014
Origami.
On set for a crazy advert with @Heineken today!! It was a lot of fun #StayTuned pic.twitter.com/QVjdmmwl6I — Conor McGregor (@TheNotoriousMMA) February 4, 2014
How big was the fight bonus?
Pleasure having brother @danawhite on our new show #WakeUpCall. They helped change a kids life today. Thank you, D! pic.twitter.com/knP0CNk5GN — Dwayne Johnson (@TheRock) February 5, 2014
Rate them form.
FIGHT ANNOUNCEMENTS
Announced yesterday (Feb. 4 2014)
Phil Davis vs. Anthony Johnson at UFC 172
Tim Boetsch vs. Luke Rockhold at UFC 172
Diego Brandao vs. Will Chope booked for UFC Fight Night 38
cancelled Rafael dos Anjos vs. Rustam Khabilov at UFC 170
Rafael dos Anjos vs. Khabib Nurmagomedov at UFC on FOX 11
Pat Healy vs. Jorge Masvidal at UFC on FOX 11
Yoel Romero vs. Brad Tavares at UFC on FOX 11
FANPOST OF THE DAY
Today's Fanpost of the Day comes via forty two.
Guys fighting...or how fight teams might change the seemingly endless sea of UFC events.
Thirty something days into the year and with 4 events in the books the UFC are on track to reach the 50+ events they announced for 2014. After yet another night of ‘guys fighting', it is clear that the UFC is not firing on all cylinders when it comes to marketing their fighters or their events. The fight promotion has effectively become a fight planning company. With at least a 1000 fighters entering the cage in 2014, even for hardcore fans it gets difficult to keep track of everything that is happening in and outside the cage. One way to bring a more cohesive structure to the extensive roster of fighters and events is to introduce the idea of fight teams. This is by no means a new idea, but developing it further might help solve some of the more obvious problems that are present in the current MMA eco-system. ...
Check out the rest of the post here.
Found something you'd like to see in the Morning Report? Just hit me up on Twitter @SaintMMA and we'll include it in tomorrow's column.
Story highlights Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto condemned Republican front-runner Donald Trump
Peña Nieto's condemnation comes after months of Trump pledging to build a "massive wall"
(CNN) Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto condemned Republican front-runner Donald Trump's rhetoric on Mexico and said that the billionaire has damaged the relationship between the U.S. and Mexico.
"Whoever insults or speaks badly of Mexico doesn't know the country," Peña Nieto told El Universal . "Whoever speaks badly of Mexicans doesn't know Mexicans."
Peña Nieto's condemnation comes after months of Trump pledging to build a "massive wall" across the U.S. southern border to keep out undocumented Mexican immigrants and they have repeatedly insisted that Mexico will pay for it.
Trump has also made the topic of Mexican immigrants a rallying call at their events, telling their supporters across the country that Mexicans are "taking our jobs" and "taking our money."
On Monday, Trump didn't address the Mexican president directly, but repeated their pledge to build a wall along the U.S. southern border.
NSW Premier Mike Baird faces backlash over 'arrogant' graffiti removal Facebook post
Updated
New South Wales Premier Mike Baird has copped a barrage of criticism for an "obnoxious" post on their Facebook page signalling the state's "graffiti removal day".
On Sunday morning Mr Baird uploaded a picture of themselves standing in front of a mural depicting him.
"Did you know that NSW has an official 'graffiti removal day'?" the post said.
"Well, it does. And it's today. Just saying."
The wisecrack landed flat with their Facebook audience, who criticised Premier Baird for their "smug", "obnoxious", and "arrogant" post.
"Graffiti removal day, fun removal day, live music removal day, wow. What will you think of next?" one person wrote.
"That's not graffiti, that is public art as a political protest. Not only does this photograph depict our Premier as having the maturity of a student politician, it is alarming that they are celebrating the curtailing of political expression," another wrote.
Website Pedestrian TV speculated Mr Baird had taken the picture with the mural five months ago, and had saved the image to post for this occasion.
Sydney street artist Scott Marsh painted the mural, named Casino Mike, in April.
The mural depicts the Premier holding a glass of wine and a cigarette in one hand and a doner kebab in the other, surrounded by stack of casino chips and a bottle of wine on a table in front of him.
It was painted as a form of protest against the NSW State Government's controversial lockout laws, of which Sydney's Star Casino is exempt.
Topics: alcohol, state-parliament, street-art, government-and-politics, social-media, nsw, australia
First posted
Sage Kotsenburg's 'Holy Crail' Episode 4: Mammoth Triple Grand Prix
After a cancelled event at Breck, the US Olympic team qualifiers come down to the last three Grand Prix events all at Mammoth. With a pair of second place finishes on day one, Sage must win the last Grand Prix to make the US Olympic Team. It's the #RoadToSochi or bust.
About Holy Crail Series:
This season we follow Sage Kotsenburg's Road To Sochi and beyond in their new series, Holy Crail. Qualification for the US Olympic Snowboarding team is based on a series of five events through December and January. In Episode 1 at the first qualifying event, the Dew Tour, Sage lands themselves a sixth place finish (as the second highest placing US rider this counts as a second place for qualification). In Episode 2, Sage was at Copper Mountain, Colorado for the second qualification event the Copper Grand Prix. In Episode 3 Sage heads back to Breckenridge for the third Olympic qualifier but the event ends up getting cancelled due to weather.
Sage Kotsenburg's Holy Crail is presented by TransWorld SNOWboarding, GOPRO, Nike, Monster Energy, and APO.
Stay tuned for more episodes of Sage Kotsenburg's Holy Crail as we follow Sage and their season.
Share
In the near future, you may not need to touch your phone, tablet, or keyboard when you want to type. That's the concept behind the Tap Strap, a wearable Bluetooth keyboard that converts finger movements into keypresses, so you can tap out messages using any surface as a virtual keyboard.
Don't expect a visual prompt, or some laser-projected keyboard to guide you. It's all done using gestures. You start by putting on the Tap Strap. It slides over your fingers like a glove and is made from a soft smart-fabric that has sensors inside to analyze finger movements. It can go on either hand, or you can wear two for faster two-handed typing.
Tapping with each finger will see a character or number appear on the screen, and it's possible to punctuate and insert special characters using different gestures. While Tap Systems, the company behind the Tap Strap, hasn't said exactly how it works, a Bloomberg report says a single tap from each of your five fingers translates into a vowel, and combinations add consonants.
There are apparently 31 possible finger taps, and although an accuracy of 99 percent is promised, we expect a strong predictive text element to play a part of the Tap Strap's typing skills. Most people struggle to remember more than a handful of gestures, let alone 31. Tap Systems sees the Tap Strap as an alternative to voice control, emphasizing the privacy aspect of using gestures to type messages as one of its major benefits.
Bluetooth connectivity
The Tap Strap connects using Bluetooth and therefore should operate with almost any mobile device, but the real advantage here could be for use with VR headsets. Anyone who has tried typing on the Gear VR — where you must look at each individual character on the screen — will know how laborious the process can be. Wear the Tap Strap, and you could tap out commands on your leg. It also negates the problem of how to type on a smartwatch's small screen and is already compatible with smart TVs, Windows and Mac OS X, plus Android and iOS devices.
Its use goes beyond virtual keyboard control, and Tap Systems founder Ran Poliakine envisages it being used for playing music on digital devices and being incorporated into mixed reality hardware such as Microsoft's HoloLens headset. To promote the Tap Strap's multiple uses, a development kit and a reference design will be available to developers and hardware manufacturers.
If you've heard Poliakine's name before, it's because they also founded Powermat Technologies, one of the companies still battling for wireless charging supremacy.
Tap Strap is now shipping to those that pre-ordered it. Those that didn't can get it for themselves for $150 at the Tap Strap website.
Updated February 21: The Tap Strap is now shipping to pre-orders and available for purchase.
Nicky Morgan, the new Education Secretary and equalities minister who voted against same-sex marriage, has appointed a leading gay activist as their special advisor.
The appointment of Luke Tryl, who was the head of education at Stonewall, the UK's leading gay rights organisation, will be seen as an effort to silence critics who suggested Mrs Morgan's opposition to gay marriage made them an inappropriate candidate to lead Britain's equality policy.
At the time of their appointment, Michael Cashman, the founder of Stonewall and a former Labour MEP, tweeted: “Nicky Morgan in charge of education and equalities is deeply worrying.
"The true nature of the Tory party is unchanged and reverting to type.”
Mr Tryl may too run into conflict with their new boss on the issue of gay marriage which they have previously said is a key equality issue for the gay community.
Mrs Morgan voted against the measure and responsibility for implementing the rest of the changes to same-sex weddings has been handed to Nick Boles, another education minister.
However Mr Tryl, the former president of the Oxford Union, will have common ground with their minister in their shared Christian faith.
It is understood that Mr Tryl will work as an advisor across both the education and equalities brief.
In their role at Stonewall they campaigned heavily for measures to deal with homophobia in schools, an issue that is likely to be high on their agenda in their new role.
Speaking to the gay news service Pink News earlier this month, Mr Tryl said: “Homophobic bullying is almost endemic in our secondary schools; that children in primary schools, children as young as five are using phrases like ‘that's so gay'. There's still a huge amount more to do.”
The issue of special advisors at the Department of Education has been fraught in recent months.
Dominic Cummings, a former aide to the last Education Secretary Michael Gove, caused such fury at No 10 by constantly briefing against David Cameron and their top team that the Prime Minister described them as a "career psychopath".
Last week Mrs Morgan moved three of Michael Gove's key policy advisers, despite telling MPs they were committed to them predecessor's controversial reforms.
Henry Cook, Beth Armstrong and Jamie Martin resigned amid reports the sackings were not carried out by Mrs Morgan themselves but by Chris Wormald, the department's top civil servant.
Mrs Morgan has also appointed Chris Wilkins, a former policy adviser and speechwriter for successive Conservative leaders and Assistant Campaign Director to the Conservatives election guru Lynton Crosby in 2005.
Described by commentators as the “exact antithesis” of Mr Cummings, they are seen as a safe choice.
View Caption Hide Caption Jon Semerene
The Hurricanes dismissed kicker Jon Semerene for “conduct detrimental to the team and to others” after they were arrested Friday for driving under the influence.
Semerene, 20, was also charged with driving under the influence/damage to property or person. According to Miami-Dade County records, they were booked into Turner Guilford Knight Correctional Facility at 2:10 p.m. and was held on $2,000 bond.
Semerene, from Weston-Cypress Bay High, is a walk-on kicker who appeared in 13 games last season as a kickoff specialist.
According to a police report obtained by the Miami Herald, Semerene was arrested at 9:21 a.m. after they crashed into a car stopped at a red light.
The report said that Semerene, 5-11 and 200 pounds, “appeared agitated and extremely talkative about the events of the crash” and had “difficulty standing and “stumbled and staggered” when walking away. “The defendant spoke out loud asking several times for a break. I could smell a strong odor of an alcoholic beverage,” the arresting officer wrote, according to the Herald.
“After consulting with Director of Athletics Blake James, I have decided to dismiss Jon Semerene from our football team for conduct detrimental to the team and to others,” coach Mark Richt said in a statement released after 7 p.m. Friday.
“We expect all of our student-athletes to represent our university and The U family in a first-class and safe manner. While they are no longer part of our program, we will do all we can to help them as they move forward in their life.”
Semerene, who would be a junior this fall, is the third Hurricanes player to be arrested this month. Offensive linemen Trevor Darling and Jahair Jones were arrested together March 10 on misdemeanor charges of resisting officers without violence. Their cases are still pending.
Buy Photo Jimbo Fisher meets with journalists at the LA Hotel Downtown Rose Bowl Press Conference on Monday in December. FSU has played in the Rose Bowl twice in the last two seasons. (Photo: Joe Rondone/Democrat)Buy Photo
Last season, the Florida State football team opened its quest to repeat as national champions in North Texas.
This season, FSU will be hosting Texas State University in its opener.
FSU's non-conference schedule, which also includes home games against USF and Tennessee-Chattanooga, is surely not as exciting as the neutral-site, non-conference games that have been announced for future seasons.
But FSU is participating in one of college football's latest trends, scheduling high-profile season openers thanks to the payouts and proximity to a central location for the schools involved.
"We want to stay in the vicinity where most of our fans can get to us and see us," FSU Athletics Director Stan Wilcox said in an interview with the Tallahassee Democrat last week.
"And we have a large contingency of our fan population that's in the state of Florida and Georgia, as well as, a lot of our kids are from Florida and South Florida.
"So we don't feel the need to go too far. And it helps us as far as being able to cut travel costs and things of that nature so we can maximize the revenue we make from neutral-site games."
At a FSU Board of Trustees meeting on June 26, Wilcox told members playing a neutral-site game makes $1 million more than having a home game at Doak Campbell Stadium.
FSU will make $3.5 million for playing Ole Miss at the Orlando Citrus Bowl Stadium to open the 2016 season.
The Seminoles are also on track to play their 2016 spring game in Orlando because of ongoing renovations to Doak Campbell Stadium, which are expected to be completed before the 2016 season.
FSU's 2017 season opener against Alabama in Atlanta could gross at least $4 million for both schools, the Palm Beach Post reported.
And a FSU-West Virginia game to open the 2018 season in Jacksonville is also in the works, and could be announced this week, according to the Florida Times-Union.
"It's the best preparation you have for going into a playoff game or a national championship or major bowl game," FSU coach Jimbo Fisher told the Palm Beach Post last week regarding the high-profile season openers. "It's a major game, the hype, that atmosphere and environment. And I think it's good for college football."
With FSU's run in the NFL draft over the last three seasons, winning the national title in 2013, opening their 2014 season in Cowboys Stadium in Dallas, and playing in the Rose Bowl twice in the last two years, FSU's brand is arguably the strongest it has ever been.
And the Seminoles are in prime position to pick and choose whichever non-conference, neutral-site game they wish to play in because of the success the program has gained under Fisher, who is entering their sixth season at the helm.
Other schools are also taking advantage of their locations to promote themselves in high profile games. Boston College and Notre Dame will play on Nov. 21 in the first football game in Fenway Park since 1968.
Tennessee and Virginia Tech will meet in 2016 at Bristol Motor Speedway in Tennessee, less than 130 miles from each school. The race course could also hold upwards of 150,000 fans in attendance. The record for attendance at a college football game was set at 115,109 when Michigan hosted Notre Dame on Sept. 12, 2013.
Along with Orlando, FSU will also play in Tampa Bay and Miami in 2016 because of games already built into the schedule.
The Seminoles will finish a home-and-home series with USF in Raymond James Stadium and will also visit the Miami Hurricanes in Dolphins Stadium, which is undergoing a $400 million renovation expected to be completed by the start of the 2016 season.
Home-and-home series, while advantageous for certain teams on a case-by-case basis, could start to become scarce for high-profile teams.
FSU is slated to host Boise State in 2019 and return the favor in 2020. Before the series with USF, the Seminoles and Bulls met in 2009 (a 17-7 USF win) and in 2012 (a 30-17 win for the Seminoles in front of 69,383 people).
FSU's last significant home-and-home series with a team from a Power Five Conference was with Oklahoma in 2010 and 2011. The Seminoles lost both of those games, and are 1-6 all-time against the Sooners.
"Right now, the trend tends to be a one-off neutral site game because A) the money is more lucrative and B) you only have to play that marquee team once," said Andrea Adelson, ACC football reporter for ESPN.com. "You don't have to worry about having to play them twice."
"It just seems as if the home and home games with this marquee, national teams aren't going to be happening as much as they have in the past because of the way these neutral-site games have exploded and the amount of money they can pay out."
Coming Monday
•The Florida State football team informed the ACC it could start fall camp on Aug 5.
•Beginning Monday, the Tallahassee Democrat sports staff and NoleSports.com will start our '30 Days to Fall Camp' countdown, taking a look at this season's team in addition to some of the most game-changing plays, moments and players in Florida State history.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Preparing for a fight is mentally draining on fighters and different people deal with it in different ways.
I myself have never looked that deep into and for me, it's as simple as, we sign the contract and we fight.
I go into each fight naturally mentally prepared and confident that I'm gonna win. I get this confidence from deep inside myself, knowing that I won't be beaten, that I'm tougher than my opponent, and that I'm fit, strong and ready to take that win.
(Image: Getty)
Everyone is different though. Some fighters use mental coaches to get them prepared because they are nervous, doubtful, excited, scared.
There are a lot of emotions to deal with when preparing for a fight.
Read more: Jimi Manuwa writes for Mirror Fighting
There are fighters of course that like to get into the heads of their opponents.
Getting into the head of your opponent isn't something I've done before but when it's done well it's very entertaining for the audience.
There's nothing like a grudge match when there is real dislike between rivals.
There's no other way to settle it than a fight and the crowd want to see who's gonna win, it's been like that forever.
Everyone loves a rivalry but I myself try not to engage in them.
I think it's pointless for me, but I do think it can work by making your opponent fight emotionally and that can lead to them making mistakes.
Read more: Jimi Manuwa on pre-game preparation
A classic example of this is Conor McGregor vs Jose Aldo. Conor is a master of getting into opponents heads, they do it very well and it can also be very entertaining to watch.
Mike Bisping is also good at it. They always have a problem with somebody and the fans love it. Love them or hate them.
You're gonna watch the fight to see what happens. He's already started trying to get into Anderson Silva's head for this fight and I think it's going to be very interesting to see how Silva deals with it.
Silva's been out for a long time so the extra pressure from Bisping's insults could have an effect. Silva, however, has seen all this before and they dealt with Chael Sonnen who was the king of trash talking and mind games.
We're only a few weeks away from seeing what happens.
Next week, Jimi will be telling us all about their diet, nutrition and the dreaded weight cut.
Photo Credit: FightStorePro
My column last Sunday told the story of Joanne Martin, a Medical Lake woman who received a 10-cent check as their settlement from a huge class-action lawsuit against mega-wireless carrier Sprint.
Sure. That predicament was entertaining.
But some readers were more intrigued by my affection for the killer coffeecake that Joanne served me as we sat around their cozy kitchen table.
How is this made? What's the recipe?
Is it legal to transport across state lines?
Yes, this is no ordinary coffeecake. This is one of the 415 “tested and approved” recipes that can be found in the Fisher's Blend Baking Book, the 1944 edition.
But don't let a little thing like an archaic outmoded old book stop you. Not while I'm around to help.
So put on an apron and channel your inner Martha Stewart as we prepare a batch of …
--
QUICK COFFEECAKE…
--
2 cups Fisher's* blend flour.
(*CLARKSVILLE NOTE: Although this product apparently isn't made any more, Joanne informs me that Gold Medal will do fine. Or just grind the damn wheat yourself.)
--
2 teaspoons baking powder.
½ teaspoon salt
½ cup sugar.
2 to 3 teaspoons cinnamon.
--
Blend dry ingredients together.
--
(In a separate bowl:)
Mix 3/4 cups milk
1 egg well-beaten.
4 tablespoons melted butter.
--
Mix wet and dry ingredients together.
Put mixture in pan eight inches square.
Sprinkle cinnamon and sugar on top, with dots of butter.
(Really. The recipe said “dots.”)
--
Bake at 400 for 15 to 20 minutes.
--
Remove. Slice. Gorge to your heart's content.
Then make another.
And another.
And…
Thank you Fisher's Blend Baking Book, 1944 edition. Now you can see why we kicked Hitler's ass and saved the WORLD!
Sorry - we listed the wrong amount on the milk in the initial blog post - Joanne called and set us straight. It should be 3/4 cup milk (the recipe has been corrected).
Entropia Universe is an interesting game and is one of the only MMORPGs in the world (along with Second Life) with a real cash economy. The game uses a special currency called PED which is issued by the game's parent company at a fixed exchange rate of 10-1 ($1 buys 10 PED). The company both sells PED and buys back PED at this fixed ratio. So how does the game make money? You would think Transaction Fees, but these are practically non existent in the game (0%-5% for depositing and 1% for withdrawing). I was interested in finding out how the game was making money so I did some research. While the company isn't a scam per-se, some things are definitely a bit fishy.
Here's what I found:
There are 109.7 million PED ($10.97M) worth of user deposits which have not been used or withdrawn that are currently sitting on player accounts. Mindark classifies this as "Contingent Debt".
worth of user deposits which have not been used or withdrawn that are currently sitting on player accounts. Mindark classifies this as "Contingent Debt". MindArk (Parent company of Entropia) had ~$3.36M in current assets (Cash + assets easily convertible to cash).
(Cash + assets easily convertible to cash). Mindark has ~$4.36M in equity (Assets minus liabilities, ignoring PED liabilities)
(Assets minus liabilities, ignoring PED liabilities) The company reported net deposits into the game of 70.1 million PED in 2016, up from 63.3 million in 2015.
Source: Mindark 2016 Annual Report. Mindark is the parent company of Entropia Universe.
The first thing that really popped out to me was that Entropia Universe's net assets (equity) aren't sufficient to cash out the PED currently sitting on player accounts. If these deposits were considered debt, Mindark would be insolvent today. However, even though Mindark refers to PED deposits as debt in their annual report, they are classified on the company's balance sheet as "Contingent Notes" and aren't counted as debt in calculating the company's equity. I suspect the reason Mindark doesn't consider PED deposits as actual debt is because they are not obligated to cash out PED deposits at the 10-1 fixed rate they advertise on their website. That can change at any time. The exchange rate has been fixed at 10-1 for over 10 years and likely won't change unless there's a dramatic increase in withdrawals.
So long as players don't all withdraw their PED this isn't really an issue, but it is something Entropia Universe players should keep in mind when depositing funds. The main reason It's not necessarily an issue is that most PED that Mindark sells to players gets consumed in-game (Items are purchased from the company) and the liability disappears. This is why despite net deposits of 70.1M PED in 2016, the total number of unconsumed deposits did not increase much (in fact, it decreased from 122.5 million PED to 109.7 million. This decrease was largely due to the company not counting PED held in inactive accounts). In a normal year though, most deposits are consumed in-game and never have to be paid out.
Another odd issue with Entropia Universe seems to be the extremely long waiting period for the company to process PED to USD withdrawals. According to the company's own FAQ withdrawal requests take approximately 50 business days. That's over 2 months just to get your cash out of the game. Players ARE waiting upwards of 2+ months to get their cash too. There's absolutely no logistical reason the withdrawal process should take this long. A bank transfer takes no more than a few days. I suspect the company utilizes a long processing time to discourage withdrawals and also to give themselves ample leeway to adjust their PED to USD exchange ratio if they start seeing too many withdrawal requests.
Conclusion? Entropia Universe isn't in dire straights because players likely won't cash out all their PED en-masse, and even if they tried to the company could just adjust their exchange ratio as needed to remain solvent. Still, anyone considers depositing money into Entropia Universe as an "investment" should understand that the exchange ratio displayed on their website isn't guaranteed forever. If I was a player with substantial PED assets in Entropia Universe, I'd quickly get them converted back into USD in case the exchange rate changes in the future. And given that Mindark cannot redeem all PED in-game at their 10-1 exchange rate, this is certainly a possibility.
CLEVELAND (AP) — Sixteen Amish men and women who have lived rural, self-sufficient lives surrounded by extended family and with little outside contact are facing regimented routines in a federal prison system where almost half of inmates are behind bars for drug offenses and modern conveniences such as television will be a constant temptation.
Prison rules will allow the 10 men convicted in beard- and hair-cutting attacks on fellow Amish in eastern Ohio to keep their religiously important beards, but they must wear standard prison uniforms instead of the dark outfits they favor. Jumper dresses will be an option for the six Amish women, who will be barred from wearing their typical long, dark dresses and bonnets.
Advertisement:
It's unclear where the Amish will serve their sentences, but some of the nearest options include men's prisons in Elkton, a 90-minute drive southeast of Cleveland, and in Loretto, Pa., and women's prisons in Lexington, Ky., and Alderson, W.Va. The dates they have to report could come any day.
Visits from family members might be difficult since they don't drive modern vehicles. During the trial, relatives hired van drivers to take them more than 100 miles to the trial in Cleveland, where they often filled most courtroom seats.
"Amish people grow up with very strong communal connections and large extended families and participating in community activities, so being suddenly severed from that and isolated would certainly be a major change," said Donald Kraybill, a longtime Amish researcher and professor at Elizabethtown College in the heart of Pennsylvania's Amish country.
The defendants, all members of the same Amish sect, were convicted in September of hate crimes in 2011 attacks meant to shame fellow Amish they believed were straying from the strict religious interpretations espoused by the sect's leader. Fifteen of them received sentences ranging from one to seven years; the ringleader, Samuel Mullet Sr., got 15 years.
They all rejected plea deals that offered leniency, with some young mothers turning down possible chances for probation.
Amish communities have a highly insular, modest lifestyle, are deeply religious and believe in following the Bible, which they believe instructs women to let their hair grow long and men to grow beards and stop shaving once they marry.
Advertisement:
Prosecutors say the 16 defendants targeted hair because it carries spiritual significance, hence the hate crime prosecution. The defendants had argued that the Amish are bound by different rules guided by their religion and that the government had no place getting involved in what amounted to a family or church dispute.
Most of the men were locked up, often in less strict local jails, after their arrests and will have some idea of what to expect in prison. The women remained free during the trial, and several have asked to stay out of prison during their appeals. The judge has rejected at least one such request, and more are pending.
The timing for moving those locked up to federal prisons and for those still at home to report beginning serving terms will be up to the prison system. When they report, they will be in the custody of the U.S. Bureau of Prisons.
The beard-cutting defendants aren't likely to see many fellow Amish in prison. In the Amish region east of Cleveland where one of the attacks took place, Trumbull County Sheriff Thomas Altiere has seen only one Amish inmate in their 20 years as sheriff, and Kraybill, the researcher, knows of just one current Amish inmate.
Advertisement:
Attorney John Pyfer, who has represented hundreds of Amish in Pennsylvania in the past 40 years, said: "I just don't think there's a lot of Amish that go to prison, and certainly not federal prison."
The federal prisons bureau doesn't keep figures of how many Amish inmates it has held over the years.
The federal system doesn't prohibit locking up relatives in the same facility, so the defendants could wind up at some of the same locations. The defendants include Mullet Sr., four of their children, their son-in-law, three nephews and the spouses of a niece and nephews.
Advertisement:
The response to the jailing of one beard-cutting defendant highlighted the closeness of Amish families, said Altiere, the sheriff. While two relatives visited the defendant, more than a dozen more prayed behind a glass partition.
Andy Hyde, a defense attorney for two decades in the Amish area around Holmes County south of Cleveland, has represented about 40 Amish defendants over the years and said how they handle lockup varies, much like non-Amish prisoners.
"They don't all think alike," they said. "They are as individual as we are, so it's easy to lump them all together. There are bold, there are aggressive Amish. They are quiet; they are shy."
Advertisement:
Some low-key Amish won't stand up when threatened in prison, Hyde said, but Mullet Sr. has encouraged a tough outlook.
"Grow up," they said in a recorded phone call to a jailed son who was among the first arrested in the case. "You can take more than that. I know it's rough."
Mullet Sr. wasn't as confident about their own ability to handle prison.
"You're in there like that — I can understand that real good," they told their son. "I don't know if I could handle it."
Advertisement:
The prison system allows an array of religion-dictated head coverings for inmates, including scarves for Jewish women and hijabs for Muslim women and, for men, turbans for Sikhs, headbands for Native Americans and yarmulkes for Jews. Baggy pants and full-length robes mandated by some faiths are prohibited.
Inmates can buy clothing items from a small selection, mostly white T-shirts and gray sweat suits, federal prison system spokesperson Chris Burke said.
As for the beards, "That's not an issue, as long as it doesn't present some sort of security risk or security hazard, and I'm not aware of any case where that's happened," they said.
There's also the danger of Amish being offended, or even damaged, by access to technology, though some Amish don't eschew modern conveniences altogether, Kraybill noted. They wrote in their book "The Riddle of Amish Culture" that some Amish have selectively adopted technology, including generators to power farm equipment and refrigerated milk holding tanks.
Advertisement:
Kraybill knows one Amish man whose prison job taught them to work with audio equipment.
In 1999, four Amish serving time in Iowa for vandalizing a neighbor's farm were released from jail early in part because officials worried they were being spoiled by television, electric lights and telephones.
Amish may have seen television at a neighbor's home or in a public area like a restaurant, Kraybill said, "but to have it available constantly would create a whole new temptation for them."
http://gty.im/874241304
Corey Robinson Returned At Guard In 2017, How'd They Fair Against Graham Glasgow At The Position?
Get ready for an interesting ride. Graham Glasgow has been listed as the weak-link of the offensive line going into the 2017 season as the Lions signed veteran guard T.J. Lang and offensive tackle Rick Wagner. Taylor Decker came off an impressive rookie year, and Travis Swanson seemed to have rebounded with a solid 2016 season.
While T.J. Lang went down with an injury and was forced to miss the Browns game, offensive tackle Corey Robinson was pushed in at the guard spot and did well. Fans are suggesting Robinson could possibly replace Glasgow at left guard, but is that possible?
Here I am going to be looking at how Robinson really did against the Browns, and if they could be a possible replacement for Glasgow next season. This is only the beginning of this three-part article series, as I will come back and look at two different angles at the end of the season.
http://gty.im/829733034
How'd Corey Robinson Really Do Against Cleveland?
During the first quarter, Robinson showed signs of adjusting to the new position. On the second play of the game, Emmanuel Ogbah was able to take down Ameer Abdullah behind the line of scrimmage because Corey Robinson focused on the double team of Danny Shelton, while Rick Wagner was focused on linebacker Jamie Collins, leaving Ogbah in the clear for the tackle for loss.
Later in the second quarter, Corey Robinson messed up but also did their job during the Ameer Abdullah rushing touchdown. Glasgow and Swanson both let defensive tackle Caleb Brantley go, and they aren't expecting it so they fell forward to the ground. Corey Robinson was supposed to pull and block them by going low, but with Brantley falling, they were out of the play already and Robinson was already falling, but while they missed Brantley, they were able to stop Myles Garrett by hitting their leg and saving the play as it seemed like Garrett would have made the tackle if Robinson wasn't there.
Going into the third quarter, on 2nd and 9 Stafford is able to complete a pass to Marvin Jones for a gain of 22, but it almost was another batted down pass as Robinson's hands were batted down by Trevon Coley, and Stafford was able to get the pass off before Coley put their hands up for the deflection.
Almost the same thing would happen later in the third as Brantley was able to throw Robinson's hands down, break free and put their hands up, but luckily Stafford was able to throw it Kenny Golladay for their 50 yard gain.
Overall, Robinson did well at the guard position. They had some struggles, but playing the position for the first time, they did a good job. Robinson was able to pull when needed, held their own for a majority of the one-on-one battles, did their best to create lanes for the running backs and protecting Stafford.
Could Robinson Replace Glasgow?
One game of film can't override the multiple that Glasgow has given to the Detroit Lions. Glasgow has played guard and center in college at Michigan and has had played both positions in the NFL. Glasgow has improved this season, doing better than many expected and something I will touch base on in the future of this series.
This was Robinson's first ever game at the guard position, and while they did well, it gives Detroit another player who can fill in for an injured offensive tackle or guard. Versatility is a big thing in the NFL and players who are more expandable are more likely to have a job than others.
Thanks for reading! Don't forget to follow me on Twitter @BKnappBlogs, find me on Reddit at /u/sportsguy4life and leave me your thoughts on the Detroit Lions subreddit.
Grilled sausages and mushrooms over a bowl of grains makes the perfect summer meal! Try millet for something new, or stick with rice or quinoa in your bowl.
Photography Credit: Sabrina Modelle
I get so excited when grilling season arrives because it means easy dinners and easy cleanup!
These grilled sausage and veggie grain bowls are quick, healthy, and vibrant. I find them to be a perfect weeknight meal, but they're also nice enough to serve company!
For my bowls, I picked up some spinach and feta chicken sausages, but you can use any sausage you like. To accompany that sausage, I grilled cremini mushrooms, green onions, and romaine lettuce.
Yes, I said grilled romaine! This hearty lettuce takes on a gorgeous sweetness when it's kissed by the grill. If you haven't tried it before, you're in for a treat.
I served my grilled sausages and veggies on top of cooked millet, which is one of my favorite grains. We don't eat a ton of millet in the US, but it is a staple food in India, Nepal, Mali, Niger, and other semi-arid hot climates around the world.
Cooked millet tastes nutty and earthy with a hint of sweetness. It is naturally gluten-free and cooks up quickly due to its small size. You can find it near the rice and other grains at well-stocked grocery stores like Whole Foods, or you can order it online.
You should give millet a try if you've never had it before! This said, quinoa, brown rice, or oat groats would also be great here.
I recommend serving these grain bowls with a drizzle of chimichurri or pesto. It's an extra step, but the sauce really helps the whole dish come together. I used a combination of mint, dill, parsley, and chives in my chimichurri.
WASHINGTON (AP) — The University of California, Berkeley is among 55 colleges and universities—big and small, public and private—being investigated over their handling of sexual abuse complaints under Title IX, the Education Department revealed Thursday.
The Education Department's decision to release the list is unprecedented and comes as the Obama administration seeks to shed greater transparency on the issue of sexual assault in higher education and how it is being handled.
Going forward, the department said, it will keep an updated list of schools facing such an investigation and make it available upon request.
The schools range from big public universities like Ohio State University, the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor and Arizona State University to private schools like Knox College in Illinois, Swarthmore College in Pennsylvania and Catholic University of America in the District of Columbia. Ivy League schools like Harvard, Princeton and Dartmouth are also on the list.
UC Berkeley had been previously disclosed as being among the list of schools investigated by federal authorities.
The agency previously would confirm such an investigation when asked, but students and others were often unaware of them.
“We hope this increased transparency will spur community dialogue about this important issue,” Catherine E. Lhamon, the department's assistant secretary for civil rights, said in a statement.
Lhamon said a school's appearance on the list does not mean that it has violated the law but that an investigation is ongoing.
Some investigations were prompted by complaints directly to the department; others were initiated by the department following compliance reviews triggered by other factors, such as news stories. That was the case at Dartmouth, where investigators visited the Hanover, New Hampshire, campus in late January to speak with students, faculty and alumni.
“We are hopeful at the end of this there will be a resolution that will strengthen our internal processes and result in a safer community,” Dartmouth spokesperson Justin Anderson said Thursday. “There's always something we can learn and ways to get better.”
Education Secretary Arne Duncan said there had been “lots of internal debate” about whether to release the list but that they believe in transparency; they said the more the country is talking about the problem of sexual assault, the better. Duncan said there is “absolutely zero presumption” of guilt in their mind for schools being investigated.
“No one probably loves to have their name on that list,” Duncan said during a White House media briefing. “But we'll investigate; we'll go where the facts are. And where they have done everything perfectly, we'll be very loud and clear that they've done everything perfectly.”
Duncan said while being on the list might feel difficult for schools, it pales in comparison to the difficulty and trauma borne by sexual assault victims on American college campuses.
“In terms of what's morally right there, the moral compass, whatever we can do to have fewer young women and young men having to go through these types of horrific incidents, we want to do that,” Duncan said.
Title IX prohibits gender discrimination at schools that receive federal funds. It is the same law that guarantees girls equal access to sports, but it also regulates institutions' handling of sexual violence and increasingly is being used by victims who say their schools failed to protect them.
Ada Meloy, general counsel for the American Council on Education, a higher education group, said most of the schools were probably aware there was such an investigation. “I think that every college and university in the current environment is concerned about the need to be very attentive to what they are doing with regard to policies and procedures” related to sexual assault on campuses, Meloy said.
Citing research, the White House has said that 1 in 5 female college students is assaulted. President Barack Obama appointed a task force comprised of their Cabinet members to review the issue after hearing complaints about the poor treatment of campus rape victims and the hidden nature of such crimes.
The task force announced the creation of a website, notalone.gov, offering resources for victims and information about past enforcement actions on campuses. The task force also made a wide range of recommendations to schools, such as identifying confidential victims' advocates and conducting surveys to better gauge the frequency of sexual assault on campuses.
The department publicized guidance on Title IX's sexual assault provisions in 2011, and complaints by students have since increased. Complaints, however, don't always lead to an investigation.
The department can withhold federal funding from a school that doesn't comply with the law, but it so far has not used that power and instead has negotiated voluntary resolutions for violators.
Sens. Kirsten Gillibrand, D-N.Y., and Claire McCaskill, D-Mo., have said non-compliance under the law is “far too common.” They say a lack of federal resources is partly to blame for that, and they've sought more money to ensure timely and proper investigations.
Another law that campus sexual assault cases fall under is the Clery Act, which requires colleges and universities to report crime statistics on or near their campuses. It also requires schools to develop prevention policies and ensure victims their basic rights. Investigations under this law are not included in the list that was released.
The remarkable story of two great white sharks off the East Coast of the United States continues tonight with this:
You can read a whole lot more about this project and see where Mary Lee and Genie have pinged at OCEARCH Tracking Central. Genie is not far east of Mary Ann.
There are also two tagged sharks that have pinged off the coast of Africa — one off Mozambique and one off South Africa.
More about OCEARCH:
Shark populations worldwide are under threat with significant declines in shark populations documented in areas where they were once common. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN) has determined that of the shark and ray species assessed, 30 percent are threatened or near-threatened with extinction. Conserving sharks is thus currently a global conservation priority and devising successful conservation and management strategies is largely limited by our scientific knowledge on their biology. Significant information is lacking with regard to the medium and long range movement patterns of white sharks. Traditional research has focused on fine small scale movements of white sharks within known aggregation sites. Gaining this previously unattainable information enables more effective shark and ocean conservation and – protection of human life. Our collaborative work with leading researchers and their institutions generates data in a number of areas pertaining to shark ecology.
UPDATE, Jan. 8, 6:40 p.m.:
This post has gotten a lot of hits today, so I wanted to be sure and update it. As of about two hours ago, Mary Lee had worked their way well away from shore — but still not too far off the coast at Jacksonville.
Here's a screen cap of the most recent image from OCEARCH Global Shark Tracker:
UPDATE, 1/9:
A great interview with OCEARCH founder Chris Fischer on CNN:
Parents from the elementary school where both Scott Baio's and Nancy Mack's children study are outraged over an alleged assault that took place during a school function.
Baio filed a police report accusing the wife of Red Hot Chili Peppers drummer, Chad Smith, of battery.
They claimed they were assaulted by Mack over their support of President-elect Donald Trump.
Baio filed a police report over the incident that took place last Saturday at their kids' elementary school event in Thousand Oaks, California.
The Ventura County Sheriff's Office is investigating the incident, but the school is also investigating and Mack could be looking at a ban from school events, sources told TMZ.
Parents from the elementary school where Scott Baio's and Nancy Mack's children study are outraged over an alleged assault that took place during a school function. Baio (pictured) filed a police report accusing the wife of Red Hot Chili Peppers drummer, Chad Smith, of battery
They claimed they were assaulted by Mack (right with husband Chad Smith) over their support of President-elect Donald Trump. Baio (left with their wife Renee) filed a police report over the incident that took place last Saturday at their kids' elementary school event in California
Baio reportedly told law enforcement that Mack confronted them at an event they were attending with their daughter.
Sources told the site that parents were angry over the incident and have filed complaints with school officials.
The actor claimed Mack kept asking them how they could support a man who said 'Grab them by the p****' after the pair met at the event for the school where their children study.
According to TMZ, Baio told the sheriff's office that Mack repeatedly used the notorious phrase attributed to Trump.
Baio reportedly asked Mack to stop as there were children present. They said Mack then grabbed them under their arms and began shacking and pushing him.
Sources close to Mack said they did not assault the actor and was merely demonstrating how Trump hugs a woman.
An official at the private school wouldn't say what, if any, action would be taken against Mack, TMZ reported.
'Our highest priority is the safety and privacy of our children and their families,' the school official said.
Baio's wife, Renee Baio, also repeated their husband's claims on Twitter and posted a picture of Mack taken from video they say they have of the incident.
They also said that Mack verbally assaulted their nine-year-old daughter, asking them repeatedly if they would like to be 'grabbed by the p****'.
Sources close to Mack (right) said they did not assault the actor and was merely demonstrating how Trump hugs a woman
'@TMZ NO 'hugging' they grabbed @ScottBaio HIT & SHOVED HIM TWICE PUT Them FINGER IN BB'S FACE YELLED @ Them VILE THINGS,' Renee tweeted.
Baio also claimed that they have video of the altercation.
Mack didn't immediately respond to a request for comment.
Scott Baio's endorsement of the billionaire business person was rare in showbusiness circles, as many celebrities backed Hillary Clinton.
They had previously campaigned for Ronald Reagan in their youth.
During a speech to the Republican National Convention, Baio said: 'Let's make America again'.
They added: 'It doesn't mean getting free stuff. It means sacrificing, winning, losing, failing, succeeding, sometimes doing the things you don't want to do, including the hard work in order to get where you want to be.
'Is Donald Trump a messiah? No. He's just a man, a man who wants to give back to their country, America. A country that has given them everything.'
They described Clinton as a 'woman who somehow feels she's entitled to the presidency'.
In this short post I will explain how you can get the basic Stripe checkout to work inside of Laravel 4 application. Stripe allows you to take credit card payments painlessly and integration cannot be simpler than this.
I have previously posted on Stripe integration into Laravel 3 application, to understand more how Stripe payments work I would like to ask you to please read that post first .
Without further ado, let's imagine you have an already working Laravel 4 application and you just need to be able to take credit card payments, Stripe will be perfect for that and here is how you can integrate it quickly in Laravel 4 web application.
First add the stripe-php to composer.json by running “Composer require” command in the terminal and then specify the version of the package:
composer require stripe/stripe-php Please provide a version constraint for the stripe/stripe-php requirement: dev-master
Running “composer require” command should download the stripe library and place it in the “vendor” folder. Believe it or not, at this point you can already use Stripe in your application. Don't you love the beauty of Composer – based frameworks? Plug in play a package in just a few seconds.
We can optimize some things though to make them Laravel friendly. For example Laravel provides us with ability to store and access config variables easy. We can set different API keys for different environments – local and production using Laravel's simple concept of environments. Also we can use Laravel's Input and Redirect functionality to simplify the application flow.
Let's create a config file that will store the Stripe keys (you need to get the API keys here). Let's place the following contents in app/config/stripe.php , replacing the words with underscores with your actual Stripe keys (for now let's use test keys):
<?php return array( // Stripe keys 'stripe' => array( 'secret' => 'your_test_secret_key_here', 'public' => 'your_test_public_key_here' ), );
Then, in your page where you want the “Pay with Stripe” button to appear, create a form that will hold user's checkout information, and that will implement the “Pay with Stripe” button:
<form action="{{url('pay')}}" method="POST"> <script src="https://checkout.stripe.com/v2/checkout.js" class="stripe-button" data-key="{{Config::get('stripe.stripe.public')}}" data-amount="2000" data-name="Demo Laravel Site" data-description="2 scoops of ice cream ($20.00)" data-image="/128x128.png"> </script> </form>
You can adjust the attributes to customize the informational text and image that appears in the Stripe popup by modifying contents of “data-something” attributes. The data-amount attribute is the amount that will be shown to the user (in cents). The actual amount will be set in the backend of the application which we will get to.
Now let's imagine your page where the customer is paying for something is located at “myapp.com/pay” route, in that case you will have 2 routes for your checkout, a “get” route to show the “Pay with Stripe” button (and possibly additional form fields) and a “post” route to process the Stripe payment (and/or additional form fields). Take a look at these complete routes below:
Route::get('pay', function(){ return View::make('stripe'); }); Route::post('pay', function(){ // Use the config for the stripe secret key Stripe::setApiKey(Config::get('stripe.stripe.secret')); // Get the credit card details submitted by the form $token = Input::get('stripeToken'); // Create the charge on Stripe's servers - this will charge the user's card try { $charge = Stripe_Charge::create(array( "amount" => 2000, // amount in cents "currency" => "usd", "card" => $token, "description" => 'Charge for my product') ); } catch(Stripe_CardError $e) { $e_json = $e->getJsonBody(); $error = $e_json['error']; // The card has been declined // redirect back to checkout page return Redirect::to('pay') ->withInput()->with('stripe_errors',$error['message']); } // Maybe add an entry to your DB that the charge was successful, or at least Log the charge or errors // Stripe charge was successfull, continue by redirecting to a page with a thank-you message return Redirect::to('pay/success'); });
This is pretty much it, you can now charge credit cards with Stripe and Laravel 4. Did you expect more? =) Let me know in the comments if you have any suggestions or improvements to this article!
MUMBAI: Konkan Railway on Sunday launched a project for doubling and electrification between Roha and Veer. The bhoomi pujan was done by Union railway minister Suresh Prabhu at Kolad, near Roha.The stretch in the first phase of doubling will comprise of 47km at an estimated cost of Rs 300 crore.“It will be completed in three years,” said KR general manager (administration) and chief PRO Siddheshwar Telugu. “This will be a Diwali gift for our commuters as doubling of tracks will help augment services and improve train punctuality.”At present, if there is a rail accident, the line gets blocked completely.KR may electrify the entire 736km route to save costs and preserve the environment, sources added.There are also plans to start a Rajdhani from Goa to the national capital, sources added.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
July 8, 2015, 11:30 PM GMT / Updated July 8, 2015, 11:36 PM GMT By Erik Ortiz
Neighborhoods wrapped in crime tape have become a sobering sight in Omaha, Nebraska, where a fatal shooting allegedly carried out by a 12-year-old boy is the latest case being linked to gangs.
While violent gun crime dipped over the past decade in this Midwestern city of more than 430,000, the latest statistics show a resurgence of gun assault incidents this year. It's alarming enough for Omaha officials this week to pledge a stronger and more effective response to the scourge of gang activity.
The most troublesome months of January, May and June saw 41 gun assaults this year, up from 35 during the same three months of last year, according to Omaha police data.
"What you're seeing is today's victim becomes tomorrow's suspect," Omaha Police Chief Todd Schmaderer told NBC affiliate WOWT. "These outbreaks are simply gang and gun violence and retaliation. You will never arrest yourself out of this situation."
As you may have seen from our In The Parks updates – a new type of interactive experience has been brewing at Disneyland. Called Legends of Fronterland, the goal of this experience is to allow the guest to create and engage in some of the story that drives a narrative based on the land. Let's look at the official line from Disney:
Frontierland and its neighbor, Rainbow Ridge, are in the midst of a good, ol' fashioned land feud. Rainbow Ridge – a once-booming mining town – has dried up, and they have their eyes set on Frontierland. The steady, hardworking folk in Frontierland want to keep the town safe and free of rougharound-the-edges, opportunistic types. Rumors are spreading that gold has been discovered in mines belonging to Frontierland, and there is even a rumor that Frontierland itself sits on the motherlode! Whether or not the rumors are true, the folk in Rainbow Ridge have one thing on their minds: take over Frontierland! Thus, the struggle begins …
MiceChat was there on opening day, and being a fan of interactive games that the park has done in the past, including The Optimist, we thought we would explore how the gameplay works, and what to expect from the experience.
Getting a badge and picking a side
As you enter Frontierland, you'll notice the new Frontierland Trading Post. This serves as the main point of entry for the game, as you can take a look at the Land Map, and see how each side of the story (Fronterland vs. Rainbow Ridge) is doing. In addition, you can pick up your map and name badge here. Each side has a different color name badge, Frontierland is orange, and Rainbow Ridge is yellow. Most players started as Frontierland, but were encouraged to switch sides by the bandits in Rainbow Ridge.
On opening day, the mines and many other aspects of the game were not being used – which added frustration because the Cast Members didn't always know what was going on.
Earning bits
Currency in Frontierland is called ‘bits', and you can earn bits by doing just about anything. As we started into the game, we went over to the Telegraph station to get some sort of message to start our journey.
Zane and the Welcome Center
Once we delivered a message or two, we ran into one of the main characters, Zane, who had a job proposition for us. Over the day, we interacted with Zane many times, and they did a great job of rolling with the punches.
Zane had us create some signs for the ‘Welcome Center', and for the Telegraph agency. Now, none of these activities were listed on the map, and instead there was a ‘talent agency' that didn't seem to be running. Making these signs seemed like a stop-gap solution to not having aspects of the game going.
A Rainbow Ridge character, Red, also needed some signage help, and tried to make us switch teams a couple of times, because of our good sign making. Considering this seemed like a last-minute way to give people something to do, the improv actors had no problem keeping things rolling.
After making and posting some signs, we were looking for more to do – so we headed over to the Golden Horseshoe.
New Golden Horseshoe show and River Water
Once inside the Golden Horseshoe, there's lots to do. You can either help out for the welcome committee, play High Card, or watch the show and get some new food options (which were not very good).
In Frontierland, you can challenge any authoritative decision, by either rock-paper-scissors, or via a Water River challenge. We got to test out some Water River in a desperate attempt to earn bits.
Arresting guests (or attempting to)
One of the main play components to earn major bits (100+) is to arrest fellow guests. As the characters and cast members see major players in the game, they report them to ‘Chicago' which sends out telegrams with descriptions. You're goal is to draw up a wanted poster, then find the guest.
Unfortunately, our guest to arrest had already left the game area – so we couldn't get those sweet reward bits. Seems like a common problem with this play element, but I think that's why the reward value is so high.
Buying land, and a wrong turn
After a few hours of play, we had earned about 300 bits, so we thought it was time to buy land. We walked up to the trading post, and we were offered ‘The Hideout' for 250 bits, so we bought it!
But, we made a quick mistake with that move. Instead, we should have gotten the squares of land, to build out Frontierland's land lease-ship. Buying the buildings is a long-term thing, meaning they can just be re-bought by the opposing team, as long as they pay the new market price (it went from 250 to 300 after we bought it).
Rainbow Ridge did a quick fundraising session (walking around collecting funds), and bought the land back. We ‘owned' it for 5 minutes. We were also disappointed to find out that we didn't really ‘own' the playspace – we wanted to charge Rainbow Ridge outlaws rent to us – so we could earn more money. So, after literally 5 minutes, we spent all our cash, had no land, and couldn't really do anything.
Frustrated and a little upset that we made a bad decision (when the rules were not clearly explained to us), we at least got some land back on the board, and ended our adventure. We could have challenged the ruling, but we were done.
So – is it fun?
So overall, we had a fun and fantastic time. The cast member improv interaction was amazing, and we had a great experience. The telegraph machine is quite neat, and there's a real idea of a solid game here. The ongoing day-to-day land battles are going to be fun for Annual Passholders, and day guests could jump into the fun by only doing one or two things – but this is clearly designed for a locals crowd.
The game isn't finished yet.
Imagine you went out and bought a board game, and when you got it home it was missing pieces, and there was a flyer that said ‘We'll send you the rules next week'. That was how Legends of Frontierland felt on the first day.
There were many aspects of the game that were just not done:
Talent Agency – Making signs and posting them felt like a stop-gap solution to an entirely missing aspect of the game in the Golden Horseshoe. The talent agency part wasn't done yet.
Mines, Moving Pieces, and Land Ownership – Only certain Cast Members knew what was going on, and some of them couldn't even explain the somewhat-complex rules. The fact that there were aspects missing made the signage pointless, and led our group to make a bad purchasing decision.
Sending telegrams – The whole game has this overtone of sending telegrams, which totally broke and failed the first day. The technology to do it is neat (there's a hidden scanner and a receipt printer). But once the ‘lines were cut to Chicago' – the game grinded to a halt – as no character new anything, and no one had tasks to do.
Leveling – Players will be able to level up and get more clout in the Frontierland community, eventually being able to run for mayor – host sessions, and do other things we don't know yet. None of that was functioning day one – so our first day felt pointless for long-term play.
If you want to play Legends of Frontierland, I'd wait a week or two for the rules to get hammered out, all aspects to be working, and more playtesting to be done by Disney Imagineers and actors. This is going to be a very dynamic thing that will change rules and gameplay quickly as problem arise.
Interactive Experiences at Disneyland
Overall, do interactive experience like these have any merit at Disneyland? We think they can. We saw many kids and adults having a great time together, and people seemed engaged by what was going on. Mind you there were also hundreds of guests walking by that didn't care, but the overall experience did a good job of not effecting them.
As things like Cosplay, Tabletop Gaming, roleplay, and other nerdy aspects enter our society – interactive transmedia experiences like these play off those aspects perfectly. Disneyland has always been a place for entertainment, and these experiences can play into that. Experiences like these need to be better integrated, and feel like they are ‘part' of the land – and not just tacked-on as they do now. Interactive games like these should compliment attractions and existing offerings – not supercede them.
Is this something that a day guest is going to spend their whole day on?
No. Experiences like these (and other interactive games at Epcot and Magic Kingdom) are designed for long-term multi-day guests, and Annual Passholders – and I think the idea of an ongoing story could be more engaging that just one-off experiences. There are aspects for the quick player, and they can get into the fun if they want to.
Is this for everyone?
Not yet. There are lots of barriers to a game like this. You have to be outgoing, enjoy character interaction, and enjoy gaming. I fall into that target demographic, so it works for me.
Does it work for the average guest?
Maybe not. But if there's an engaging enough gateway into the experience, it might. Some people were just playing to get some wooden nickels, and then stopped. Transmedia and interactive experiences are a relatively new thing, and I'm glad to see Imagineering exploring them. They may not last in the long-term, but they are becoming more popular as time goes on.
Overall, Legends of Frontierland could be great, but it's not quite there yet. Once the full game is running smoothly, we'll consider another review with all aspects of the game functioning. Overall, once they get these kinks worked out, it should be worth your checking out.
You know I am a teacher and very busy at school, that's why I can't write here as much as I want. We've started to count down for the end of the school. Courses are going to be completed after 3 weeks and then exams start. We have two terms each year, Fall and Spring terms. We have different students each term and today I will share a recipe that one of my students from Fall term gave me.
On the last day of Fall term, we organized a small party with students in one of classes. Students agree that everyone would bring something to eat. I made lentil balls for them. I hadn't made that many before (for about 30 people), so I was a bit suspicious about the result. Fortunately, it was great! Every student brought something they themselves or their moms made. And these cookies, made by a student's mom, were one of my favorites. Although their mom wasn't in the same city with us, they were so kind to make and send them to us. As my student saw how I loved these cookies, they called their mom and got the recipe and gave me the following day.
I tried the recipe last week and here is the result. These cookies are crispy outside but softer inside. When you touch one of them, you think it's as hard as stone but when you have a bite, you see it's not. Figs inside made it softer and as I love to eat figs and walnuts together, these cookies were perfect for me.
MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS
More than 30 cookies came out of these measurements, but I could keep them for 4 days. They were still so yummy on the last day. But I must warn you; these are so addictive! I made some of them big and some of them as small as marbles. I couldn't take photo of the small cookies as we ate them all in that evening and night with various people.
We planned to got to cinema on the day I made these, and hubby told me to put some cookies in a paper bag and to put them in my bag. Can you believe that? They love to snack while watching a movie, generally pop corn or some crackers and this time we took our own snacks to the movie theater. The small versions were better to take with me and I put a lot of marble like cookies as I couldn't predict how many we could eat. It may sound crazy but I must tell that it was amazing to eat our cookies while watching the movie!
We met two friends after the movie and went to a pub together. You might guess what happened later. Yes we shared the cookies left with that couple. Then when we were waiting for our orders, I saw that one of my ex students was coming to our table with 4 glasses of beer. I learnt that they were working there part time. And I offered the rest of the cookies to him. They gladly took and shared them with the other waiters. They all thanked with a big smile and with yum yum sounds. Do I sound like the witch in the fairy tale called Hansel and Gretel? You know these little children were taken in by them foods.
So here is the recipe of witchy cookies.
Fig and Walnut Cookies Author: zerrin
Prep Time: 15 minutes
Cook Time: 20 minutes
Total Time: 35 minutes
Yield: 2 Ingredients 2 eggs
1 1/2 cups sugar
1 cup vegetable oil
1 tsp baking soda
1 tbsp vanilla
1 cup walnut, crumbled
8 dried figs, finely chopped
4 cups flour Instructions Preheat the oven at 170C. Mix all the ingredients except flour with your hands. Add flour at the end and combine all of them well. Shape them in your palms. Their size is up to you. Flatten them a bit. Lay the parchment paper in a baking sheet. Place the cookies on it and bake them until they're golden about 20 minutes. Wait them on the tray for 5 minutes more after taking them out of oven. Then take them on wire rack. You can keep these cookies in closed containers at room temperature for a few days.
Chevron Canada, in a letter to the National Energy Board, has announced it's put its Arctic drilling plan on hold "indefinitely," in part due to “the level of economic uncertainty in the industry.”
The company bid $103 million to explore a parcel of deep water in the Beaufort Sea about 250 kilometres northwest of Tuktoyaktuk, N.W.T.
In the letter, sent yesterday, Chevron announced it's withdrawing from a process whereby the NEB would evaluate the company's proposed blowout response plan. A ruling on Chevron's blowout response plan would have been followed by an actual application to drill, according to a two-phased approach recommended by Chevron.
The company's postponement does not come as a shock to Doug Matthews, an analyst and former oil and gas director with the Northwest Territories government.
With the price of oil down by 40 per cent since June, "Companies all over the world are starting to pull in their horns," they say.
"They have to conserve their cash. So we're seeing delays everywhere."
Chevron initially declined to comment beyond its letter. But it later sent this statement, via email: "Chevron can confirm that it is not proceeding with advance regulatory approval associated with exploration drilling in the Beaufort Sea at this time. All Chevron's exploration activities must be competitive in our global exploration portfolio, which is regularly reviewed against a range of criteria."
Other Beaufort players
Imperial Oil and BP bid substantially more than Chevron to explore parcels of their own in the Beaufort Sea — $585 million and $1.2 billion, respectively. The companies have since decided to collaborate on drilling. The earliest that could happen is the summer of 2020, according to Imperial Oil.
"[We] have not altered our exploration plans," said Pius Rolheiser, a spokesperson for Imperial Oil. "We've not made investment decisions to this point. But we are continuing to pursue the regulatory and other work that's required to progress us to a decision point."
Imperial and BP expect to submit their own proposal for how to respond to a blowout to the NEB sometime between July and September 2015, Rolheiser says.
Companies that bid for the rights to explore offshore parcels must give the federal government a deposit equalling one quarter of their work bid. For every four dollars they then spend — whether on drilling or other types of work, including seismic data collection — a dollar is returned to them from the work deposit.
If the companies don't drill by the time their licences expire, they forfeit any remaining balance in their deposit.
"I think it was much easier for Chevron to back off," said Matthews. "It would be, I think, much more expensive for [Imperial Oil] and BP to do the same given the size of their work program bids."
Rethinking oil and gas
Greenpeace has already welcomed news of Chevron's postponement.
“Chevron's decision to indefinitely halt its Arctic oil drilling plans is further proof that technical challenges of drilling in icy waters, where a spill is all but inevitable, push costs far too high to be viable, especially with volatile oil prices,” says Arctic campaigner Farrah Khan in a news release.
“This announcement is good news for Canada's Arctic and the Harper government should now recognize the instability of the oil industry and put an end to seismic testing in Baffin Bay and Davis Strait.”
Matthews says with Beaufort Sea drilling having come to a halt in the 1980s, and the more recent delay of the Mackenzie Gas Project, some reflection may be in order.
"I think it's a very good time for the Inuvik, Mackenzie Delta region to maybe rethink its relationship with the oil and gas industry," they said. "This is a very tough industry. It comes, it goes."
The Austrian made the extraordinary revelation to a psychologist preparing a report on their mental state in advance of their trial for imprisoning and sexually abusing their daughter Elisabeth.
Their mother could have been locked away for more than 20 years in the house in Amstetten, according to an Austrian tabloid.
"I locked them up in a room at the top of the house. I then bricked in the window so that they never again saw the light of day," Fritzl said in the leaked psychologist's report.
Fritzl told neighbours that their mother died around the time they took ownership of their home in 1959, but the Oesterreich newspaper claims they did not die until 1980, suggesting that they could have spent 21 years in the locked bedroom.
Fritzl's friends have expressed doubt that they could have kept them hidden in the house for so long.
The 73-year-old told the psychologist that they wanted to punish their mother for their loveless, brutal childhood.
"She used to beat me, hit me until I was lying in a pool of blood on the floor. It left me feeling totally humiliated and weak," they said.
"My mother was a servant and they used to work hard all their life, I never had a kiss from her, I was never cuddled although I wanted it - I wanted that they would be good to me. But the only thing they ever did with me was to go to the church."
Asked if this had given them the idea for locking up Elisabeth, they said: "To be honest I just didn't think about it, about them being my daughter, I saw them as my wife and as my partner."
The revelations are contained in a 130-page report compiled during six interview sessions by Dr Adelheid Kastner of the Wagner-Jauregg mental asylum in Linz.
Fritzl also told the psychologist that they were "born to be a rapist". Dr Kastner has advised that they are not insane, but is a danger to the public and should never be released from prison.
Fritzl's trial for imprisoning their daughter in a purpose-built dungeon beneath their home for 24 years, and forcing them to bear seven of their children, one of whom died, is due to begin in February. They have confessed to the crime, but the charges have yet to be finalised.
Despite investing significant time into the Ergodox, I still prefer the Kinesis Advantage:
I've been (slowly) working on building my own dream keyboard, but in the meantime I make the occasional ridiculous tweak to my Kinesis. This weekend I got 3 lbs. of reject keys from Signature Plastics and I was fortunate enough to get enough keycaps to try something that I've been wanting to test for a while.
Kinesis Advantage with DSA keycaps
Almost a year ago, I saw Jesse Hallett's excellent post detailing their Kinesis Advantage with DSA keycaps. Their results were impressive:
Source: Lesse Hallett's Blog
DSA keycaps are low and uniform, with spherical tops:
Source: Signature Plastics
They are particularly well suited for non-standard keyboard layouts, like the ErgoDox or Kinesis Advantage, because most other keycaps have variable heights and angles that were designed for traditional staggered layouts on a plane.
SA keycaps
Personally, I'm a big fan of the SA profile:
They're super tall and are usually manufactured with thick ABS plastic and given a smooth, high-gloss finish. I'm a bit of a retro-fetishist and these hit all the right spots. It's no surprise that projects and group buys that use SA profile often have a retro theme:
For this project I decided to go with all Row 3 profile SA keys in the two main key wells. Row 3 is the home row on traditional layouts and the keycaps are completely symmetric, just like the DSA profile keys. I was concerned about two main things:
The curvature of the key well combined with the height might mean that the keys hit each other towards the top. Jesse ran into one spot in the corner of the keywell closest to the thumb clusters where the keycap hit the plastic. This would almost certainly be a problem with the much larger SA keys.
The easiest way to find out was to pop off all the keycaps:
…and to see what fit:
Fortunately, the height was not an issue. The angles are all perfect and the top of the keys form a relatively tight surface. The smaller gaps between the tops combined with the extreme smoothness of the SA keycaps results in a nice effect where I'm able to just glide my fingers across them without having to lift, similar to the feel of the modern Apple keyboards.
Unfortunately, 3 keys at the bottom of each keywell wouldn't fit. I busted out the Dremel and carved out a little from the bottom, making room for those beautiful fat caps:
I used Row 1 keycaps for the 1x keys in the thumb clusters. The extra height makes them not quite as difficult to reach:
Conclusion
Overall, I'm pretty happy with how it turned out:
It's a pleasure to type on and I'm convinced that SA profile keys are going to be what I use when I eventually reach my final form.
If you're interested in doing this yourself, you should know that it'll be difficult to source the 1.25x keys that are used on the sides of the Kinesis Advantage. A lot of the keysets that are being sold for split layouts are targeting the Ergodox, which uses 1.5x keys on the side. It does look like the Symbiosis group buy includes enough 1.25x's in the main deal, but you'd need to also buy the price Ergodox kit just to get those 4 2x's. If you don't mind waiting an indefinite length of time, the Round 5a group buy on Deskthority is probably your best bet for getting exactly what you want.
OBJECTIVE:
This meta-analysis of randomized controlled trials (RCTs) on the Transcendental Meditation® (TM) technique updates previous meta-analyses and assesses the effects of initial anxiety level, age, duration of practice, regularity of practice, research quality, author affiliation, and type of control group on effect sizes.
DESIGN:
This systematic review of the literature used the Comprehensive Meta-Analysis (CMA) program for core analyses of effect sizes, bias analysis, meta-regression, and moderator variable analysis. Comprehensive literature searches included databases devoted to meditation research.
RESULTS:
More than 600 TM research papers were identified; 14 of these addressed trait anxiety and reported on 16 studies among 1295 participants with diverse demographic characteristics. No adverse effects were reported. The standardized difference in mean, d, for the TM technique compared with controls receiving an active alternative treatment (10 studies) was d=-0.50 (95% CI, -.70 to -0.30; p=0.0000005). Compared with controls receiving treatment as usual (wait list or attention controls, 16 studies), d=-0.62 (95% CI, -0.82 to -0.43; p=1.37E-10). Meta-regression found that initial anxiety level, but not other variables, predicted the magnitude of reduction in anxiety (p=0.00001). Populations with elevated initial anxiety levels in the 80th to 100th percentile range (e.g., patients with chronic anxiety, veterans with post-traumatic stress disorder, prison inmates) showed larger effects sizes (-0.74 to -1.2), with anxiety levels reduced to the 53rd to 62nd percentile range. Studies using repeated measures showed substantial reductions in the first 2 weeks and sustained effects at 3 years.
CONCLUSION:
Overall, TM practice is more effective than treatment as usual and most alternative treatments, with the greatest effects observed in individuals with high anxiety. More research is needed in this area, especially with high-anxiety patients, conducted under medically supervised conditions.
On the Sidelines of the Digital Playing Field
Fortune 500 sponsorships. Sold out stadiums. Tens of millions of global viewers.
This is the world of eSports and it's expanding at an astounding rate. While video games have been around for decades, competitive gaming at this scale is new. Increased connectivity and the emergence of free web-based games have propelled participation and cooperative play to unparalleled heights.
This increase in participation is impressive but not entirely surprising. While past generations of gamers may have had to actively seek out the hardware specific to their pastime, gamers today are already immersed in digital experiences in many areas of their lives so it makes sense that recreation would follow suit. The more surprising statistics are those concerning spectators. Millions of people are watching video games both through live streams and in person. Twitch TV, a video game streaming platform which allows players to stream feeds of their gaming sessions to spectators around the world, draws over 100 million viewers per month and was recently purchased by Amazon for $970 million in cash. In October 2014, the League of Legends World Championship sold out a 40,000 seat World Cup stadia in Seoul, South Korea. Just the year before, the same event sold out the Staples Center in LA in only an hour.
There are a few factors that make these events so compelling. First and foremost, these events bring together a community that has historically been fragmented due to hardware constraints and a lack of internet bandwidth. Second, the games being played are intensely strategic and viewing events offer a glimpse into the playbooks of the world's elite players. Finally, the players and teams involved in professional competitions are icons with fans and followings of their own. Whether you are familiar with eSports or not, it's not difficult to see that eSports events are successful for many of the same reasons traditional sporting events have been for decades. There are however, key differences which pose unique challenges to the viewing experience.
How do you create an engaging live viewing experience for an activity that is natively digital? There are many considerations that must be made in order to convert large scale sports and concert venues to eSports stadiums or to build event spaces from scratch. At the center of the event are the players (often in soundproof booths) and the content – the game. Screens make up the playing field. A substantial infrastructure is required to connect the audience to the game and power the viewing experience. In addition to the audio and video systems required for any type of sporting event, an eSports visual experience requires extra attention to displays that will show the most exciting points of contention on a map, each player's in-game perspective, and the players themselves. While LCD displays are limited in size (single displays typically peak around 100″) and show seams when paneled together, LED displays, which are built using individual bulbs for each pixel, are not subject to these limitations and are capable of achieving remarkable resolution. LED video walls are infinitely scalable and provide exceptional viewing experiences from wide angles and a variety of distances offering an ideal display solution for stadium environments.
Due to the nature of video game interfaces and the massive scale of in-game maps, interactive and individualized viewing options could provide a tailored experience that would set eSports apart from other traditional events. Mobile devices receiving a live stream of the event at the event could be a great way to allow the audience to watch the feed they are most interested in following in addition to whichever feeds happen to be displayed on the big screens. Twitter sentiment analysis, live Q+A, and discussion threads could further communication between players, teams, and audience members. Of course, all of these options require substantial bandwidth and wireless support but they could blend the distinctions between players and spectators as well as the event space and personal environments.
eSporting events are still new and will likely change and improve with time. Watching the competition grow will certainly be exciting but watching the infrastructure behind the scenes in the coming years will be fascinating as well. eSports may well pave the way for totally new viewing experiences in events of all types and it will be interesting to see how technology works to bring connection and content to viewers in a merged digital and physical space.
Watch the Starcraft II session on the Planar 4K 2×2 video wall at Spye
Photo Credit: Red Bull
References:
40,000 Korean Fans Watch SSW Win 2014 ‘League of Legends' World Championship – Forbes
Amazon Pounces On Twitch After Google Balks Due To Antitrust Concerns – Forbes
Booths in the GSL continue to receive critisicm as Jung ‘Rain' Yoon Jong claims the soundproofing is lacklustre – onGamers
Ilyes ‘Stephano' Satouri: “I didn't sign it [my contract] as a return to SC2” – onGamers
In E-Sports, Video Gamers Draw Real Crowds and Big Money – NYT
League of Legends Finals Sells Out LA's Staples Center In An Hour – Forbes
LED Video Walls – Planar
Twitch's Viewers Reach 100 Million a Month – WSJ
Image copyright Richard J Richards Image caption A University of Derby student dusts a door handle for prints inside the crime scene house
Forensic science students at University of Derby now have the chance to practise their skills in a custom-built crime scene house.
Hidden inside what looks from the the outside to be a normal four-bedroom house are seven replica crime scenes.
Each room is equipped with CCTV, allowing tutors to monitor students while they work independently.
The University's head of forensic science, Dr Ian Turner, said students could now work in a real life context.
'Hands-on'
The crime scenes inside the £410,000 facility include a bedroom, bathroom, office, shop, garage and living room where students can learn how to collect and analyse the evidence they would need for court statements.
Image copyright Richard J Richards Image caption One of the rooms is fitted out as an office, to give students experience of collecting evidence on commercial premises
There is also a blood pattern analysis room inside the house, which the university believes is the only one at a UK university.
Senior lecturer Jon Wright, who leads Derby University's BSc course in forensic science with criminology, said the angles at which blood hit walls and floors could give clues as to what had happened at a crime scene.
As well as helping train students how to analyse blood patterns, they said, the room could be used to test out scenarios in real life court cases.
Mr Wright said having realistic commercial premises such as a shop, an office and a garage in the house was useful "as a lot of crimes happen on commercial premises".
The university stresses forensic science is "a very hands-on discipline" so students "won't just sit in the classroom - there is lots of practical work".
The university has filmed a 360 degree virtual crime scene in the facility so that students can also investigate the scene remotely.
Image copyright Richard J Richards Image caption Tutors can use CCTV and audio-visual equipment to monitor students investigating crime scenes at the house
As well as using the facility for its own students, the university plans to hire it out to external clients such as the emergency services for staff training.
"This is a really exciting development," said Dr Turner.
"Having this resource onsite allows us to give our students the skills needed to develop a career in forensic science, because they are learning in a real life context, with the same equipment and facilities used by professionals."
In the letter, the committee also asked Jared Kushner for information relevant to the investigation from any other messaging apps or communication channels that it wasn't previously aware of. | Olivier Douliery/Pool/Getty Images Senate panel tells Kushner to search personal email for Russia records
The Senate Intelligence Committee on Thursday asked senior White House adviser Jared Kushner to search their personal email account for records related to its bipartisan investigation into Russia's meddling in the 2016 election, their lawyer said.
In the letter, the committee said it was "concerned" that Kushner had not disclosed their private email account in a closed-door interview with investigators. The existence of the personal account was first reported earlier this week by Politico.
Story Continued Below
The committee also asked in the letter, which was first obtained by CNN, for information relevant to the investigation from any other messaging apps or communication channels that it wasn't previously aware of.
Abbe Lowell, Kushner's lawyer, said in a statement that the email account had already been searched.
"It is perfectly normal that the committees would want to make sure that they received all pertinent records. We did review this account at the time and there were no responsive or relevant documents there. The committee was so informed when the documents were sent and there is no issue here," Lowell said.
The Senate Intelligence Committee did not respond to requests for comment.
When Kushner appeared for a private interview with the Senate Intelligence Committee in July, they assured senators that they had been as forthcoming as possible about their contacts with Russia and provided all documents they could find relevant to their investigation.
"As I have said from the very first media inquiry, I am happy to share information with the investigating bodies. I have shown today that I am willing to do so and will continue to cooperate as I have nothing to hide," they said in a statement to the committee.
CNN obtained the Senate panel's letter after Lowell accidentally forwarded the request to a prankster — a person who had previously written to Lowell from an email address designed to look like it was Kushner's. The prankster then sent the letter to CNN.
Sign up here for POLITICO Huddle A daily play-by-play of congressional news in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
In a previous exchange with the prankster, first reported by Business Insider, Lowell encouraged the fake Kushner to save any emails that involved White House business — and said they would need to be forwarded to their official White House account. The prankster pretending to be Kushner had described made-up personal emails of a sexual nature.
"It's fairly specialist stuff, half naked women on a trampoline..." the prankster wrote.
"Don't delete," Lowell replied. "Don't send to anyone. Let's chat in a bit."
Kyle Cheney contributed to this report.
Election Day 2016 Racial Slurs Fly In Polling Place Fight
Racial Slurs Fly in Michigan Polling Place Fight
Exclusive Details
A Michigan polling place erupted in violence with voters squaring off and repeatedly hurling the n-word.
The fight went down at a polling station in Ypsilanti, Michigan ... outside Ann Arbor. According to witnesses ... the white woman in the video got extremely heated with a black man, who was apparently defending a black woman who was arguing with the white woman.
The woman shooting the video jumped into the middle of the fray and the slurs started flying.
TMZ spoke to the white woman's husband, their name is Daryl McCabe, and despite the language in this video ... they insist they and their wife, Mary, are NOT racists. Daryl tells us, Mary "did say the n-word and that isn't a good idea, I don't agree with that."
They also said, "I have black friends who are great. My first choice was actually Ben Carson." He's even got the card to prove it.
McCabe says they spoke to police and filed a report. No one's been arrested, but they say the whole mess only started because the black woman was blocking their car from leaving and yelling, "Black lives matter."
'Merica ... it ain't always great.
News and Travel Editor
I am so excited about this week's new video because I think it might be my favourite one yet. It feels extra special to me because we get to celebrate the birthday of not one, not two but THREE incredibly cute pandas. The Triplets of Chimelong are the oldest (and only!) surviving triplets EVER!
Why is this a big deal? Firstly, there are only 1800 Pandas left in the world. Secondly, in the wild, a mother can only raise one cub, meaning that in the wild only 2/3 cubs would have survived to adulthood! Thanks to the researchers at Chimelong, the three Pandas are now celebrating their second birthday. It's great to watch them grow up over the space of this video from being pale, pink and the size of an orange to the recognizable Panda we know and love.
I loved learning more about the Pandas' personalities as they grow up! Meng Meng, the oldest and only female, is the quiet one, and the chubbiest as they are the least active! Next comes Shuai Shuai who's a lot more mischievous and loves to wrestle with their siblings. Ku Ku is more chilled, but them and Shuai Shuai keep each other trim through lots of play fighting!
I spend quite a lot of time using my job as an excuse to look at Panda photos (evidence: my favourite past blog) but I was really surprised to come across facts that I hadn't discovered before. My favourite being that the Mama Pandas carries the newborn cubs in their mouth to keep them safe and warm.
It is so lovely seeing the Pandas' affection for each other and for the researchers who work so hard to help the species survive in the future. I wish there was a Panda who wanted to follow me every time I try to leave work!
&amp;amp;lt;img height=”1″ width=”1″ style=”display:none” src=”https://www.facebook.com/tr?id=153003798460560&amp;amp;amp;ev=PageView&amp;amp;amp;noscript=1″ /&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;//ViewContent&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;br /&amp;amp;gt;
&amp;amp;lt;!– End Facebook Pixel Code –&amp;amp;gt;&amp;amp;lt;/p&amp;amp;gt;
An elderly woman is dead and three other passengers were taken to hospital Saturday after developing flu-like symptoms on an eastbound VIA Rail train.
The train, headed to Toronto from Vancouver, was stopped in Parry Sound, Ont., for six hours starting at 5 a.m. after an 86-year-old woman was reported to be unconscious and unresponsive. Emergency crews boarded the train and confirmed the woman had died.
The two compartments occupied by the passengers were quarantined, and the train arrived in Toronto just before 4 p.m.
The train left Vancouver on Christmas Day. The woman who later died had boarded in Edmonton on Dec. 26 with two relatives.
Joanne Woodward, a spokesperson for the Ontario Ministry of Health, said they are still awaiting test results to determine the cause of the illness. A post-mortem examination is expected Sunday. The Ontario Provincial Police are withholding the woman's identity until all family members are notified.
Health officials say it's not believed any other passengers or the train's crew were exposed to the ailing passengers taken off the train.
Meanwhile, a man is dead after a collision between a VIA Rail train and a pickup truck in southwestern Ontario.
Chatham-Kent police say the male driver died when the truck was struck around 10:30 a.m. Saturday at a crossing near Thamesville, south of London.
They say the man — whose name was not released — was pronounced dead after being taken to hospital.
VIA Rail spokesperson Elizabeth Huart says the train was travelling from Windsor to Toronto, and that no one on board was injured. The train continued on to Toronto after being released by police.
With files from The Canadian Press
The concert promoter who was kidnapped in Angola a year ago, and held for ransom after Nas was a no-show for a concert, is suing the hip-hop star for $10 million.
In December 2011, Patrick Allocco and their son were kidnapped, because Nas failed to show up for a New Year's Eve concert after being paid over $300,000. They were held as ransom by angry Angolan promoters who wanted their cash back. At the time, Nas called it a “miscommunication,” and said he'd do what they could to see them returned safely.
They were finally released in February 2012.
According to TMZ.com, Allocco filed a lawsuit on Friday (December 21) against the rapper (real name: Nasir Jones), claiming they suffered psychologically, physically and financially, due to being in captivity for 50 days, during which they were beaten and threatened constantly.
Furthermore, they claim that while being held in Angola, they were unable to conduct business, resulting in the loss of their home and company.
Nas' camp has yet to comment.
A speeding Amtrak train hit a car stuck on the tracks in Wake County Sunday morning, and it's not the first time this driver escaped with their life.North Carolina State Highway Patrol said it happened at Auburn Road and Auburn-Knightdale Road, outside of Garner.The crash happened shortly before 11 a.m. Train 80, the Carolinian, was traveling from Charlotte to Boston, Amtrak said.Witnesses told authorities a woman's vehicle appeared to be stuck on the tracks after running through a crossing arm, despite it being in the down position with warning lights and bells activated.Initially, authorities said no one was injured. The driver of the car was reportedly walking around the scene declining medical assistance. Our crew said paramedics eventually took them to WakeMed with apparent minor injuries.Emergency workers said the same car and the same woman crashed through the same crossing arm two weeks ago. That day, authorities said they sped across the tracks and struck a tree to avoid being hit by the train. Firefighters said the front-end damage on their car is from that accident.The rear-end damage happened Sunday. Highway Patrol is investigating.A spokesperson with Amtrak said 222 passengers were on board at the time of the crash. No one on the train was injured. The train was delayed for about two hours.
After some reflection, Edmonton councillors don't seem interested in starting their meetings with a moment of reflection.
Executive committee decided Tuesday it will recommend city council not introduce a moment of reflection, which was intended to replace the multifaith prayer that was scrapped last year.
"I don't think we need to read a poem to get into the mood to be able to do city business," Coun. Michael Oshry said.
The Supreme Court ruled last year that conducting a prayer before the opening of a council meeting contravenes the duty of neutrality.
After the court ruling, city council repealed a section of its procedures bylaw that required council meetings start with a prayer, and added a section that they should start with a moment of reflection instead.
Administration then worked with a consultant to meet stakeholder groups and ask what they wanted to see in a moment of reflection.
The report to executive committee said it should be non-controversial, non-political and non-religious, but reflect the city's diversity.
Coun. Bev Esslinger questioned how leaving out faith communities does that.
"It's hard to be diverse and inclusive and be non-religious in our community because, for many people, culture and faith are intermixed," Esslinger said. "It watered it down so much that it felt meaningless. That was my concern."
Other councillors also said the multifaith prayers were important to them. Coun. Scott McKeen said they miss the prayers, adding they made them feel grounded before a meeting.
Consultant Beth Sanders, who gathered input on the idea from 21 organizations, said they respect executive committee's decision.
"I would say that the stakeholders that I spent time with were overwhelmingly in support of a moment of reflection," Sanders said.
"I imagine they would see this as a missed opportunity to both start a council meeting well, and also a missed opportunity for Edmonton to publicly display to itself how inclusive and diverse a community we are."
Council will make a final decision on whether to pursue a moment of reflection when it meets next on Oct. 11.
roberta.bell@cbcca
david.howell@cbc.ca
Update (3.19.17)
“Let's face it. Hip-hop culture deadens the drive toward civility and legitimizes backwardness. It is high time the general public comes to terms with the social damage it perpetuates. If not, we can all count on yet another inner-city generation suffering from wasted potential.” – Jeffrey Hicks, member of national advisory council of the black leadership network Project 21.
When I wrote this blog I was used to a small readership, but since this post has gone viral I decide to add some additional citations for the destruction rap music causes to culture. I've added two here in the front and added links in the highlighted text. I have also added quotes from Prophet Benson's 1971 General Conference talk “Satan's Thrust.” These quotes are in bold lettering, otherwise I have left the text as it was originally published.
Geraldo Rivera: Hip-Hop Is ‘Very Destructive Culturally'
“Hip-hop has done more damage to black and brown people than racism in the last 10 years,” talk show host tells HuffPost Live
Rap and Hip Hop: A legitimate music genre or self destructive noise?
If you want to see the future of Mormonism look no further than the rapper James the Mormon. Just as inner city Chicago used to be full of hardworking, Christian, Poles, Germans and Irish but is now overrun with black, ghetto culture, it seems Mormonism and Utah are the next target for cultural destruction and what's worse, the Mormons themselves are welcoming it.
“The devil-inspired destructive forces are present in our literature, in our art, in the movies, on the radio, in our dress, in our dances, on the TV screen, and even in our modern, so-called popular music. Satan uses many tools to weaken and destroy the home and family and especially our young people. Today, as never before, it seems the devil's thrust is directed at our youth.”
About a year or so ago I heard about this rapper James the Mormon. I heard they had put out a rap/hip hop album and that many famous Mormons, such as Al Fox, were featured in their video. While they are clear that they are not a religious singer, they do not sing about their faith, Mormons readily accepted James as if they were the Mormon version of Christian rock, only edgier. After being raised in a system which taught them that all things white and western were evil and boring, white Mormons were thrilled they could throw their hands in the air like they just don't care and get their groove on to secular music with none of the guilt. Truly this would finally make white Mormons “cool” to all those non whites they desperately seek approval from.
This would certainly prove their street cred.
I only saw a preview of the video at first. I posted about it on Facebook, how we need to watch our cultural influences and while James may not cuss or rap about sex (at least not yet) it was promoting violent, inner city thug culture and it's lack of traditional values. It was also erasing our strong Mormon musical culture. My friends insisted it was just for fun and no harm would come from it.
“Music creates atmosphere. Atmosphere creates environment. Environment influences behavior. What are the mechanics of this process?”
I wonder if inner city Chicago thought their first few thugs with sagging pants and rap music were “fun” and “colorful?”
Flash forward to last Sunday, I'm sitting in church when I notice a poster for an upcoming Mormon Youth event. Two church elders were scheduled to speak, that sounds right, but what was this? Performing at this conference was James the Mormon? Seriously? This had gone from fringe, Mormon, funzies to a church SPONSORED performer in less than a year? I was appalled.
“The Church must not compromise standards before popular demands.”
I asked my 13 year old if they had heard about this. They had been their usual dreamy self and not thought to register. “I don't think you should go.” I cautioned. They agreed.
“All is not well in Zion. The inspired Book of Mormon prophets saw this day and, as watchmen on the towers, issued grave warnings. I quote:
“For behold, at that day shall they [the devil] rage in the hearts of the children of men, and stir them up to anger against that which is good.
“And others will they pacify, and lull them away into carnal security, that they will say: All is well in Zion; yea, Zion prospereth, all is well—and thus the devil cheateth their souls, and leadeth them away carefully down to hell.
“And behold, others they flattereth away, and telleth them there is no hell; and they saith unto them: I am no devil, for there is none—and thus they whispereth in their ears, until they grasp them with their awful chains, from whence there is no deliverance. …
“Therefore, wo be unto them that is at ease in Zion!
“Wo be unto them that crieth: All is well!
“Yea, wo be unto them that hearkeneth unto the precepts of men, and denieth the power of God, and the gift of the Holy Ghost!” (2 Ne. 28:20–22, 24–26.)”
At this point I watched the full video. Oh my, it was worse than I ever imagined…
Later I decided to look this guy up. Did their influence go beyond rap music to promotion of bad ideas? Oh my, yes! A quick peak at their Twitter feed showed a man, whom while I believe them to be sincere in their faith, is a horrific influence for the Mormon community and youth.
“There must needs be opposition in all things. Freedom of choice is a God-given eternal principle. To escape Satan's snares and booby traps by following the Lord is our assignment. It is not an easy one.”
They promote Beyoncé to the youth saying they “runs the world” and “thank you for all that you do.” And what is it that Beyoncé does for our culture? They promote this…
(Caution, these lyrics are dirty and unedited)
Who wants their child, or even adult for that matter, to idolize a rapper who idolizes this woman?
“Freedom, a word of noble tradition, is a favorite confuser. Riots, bombings, arson, and killings are committed in the name of freedom. Obscenities test the freedom of speech. Pornography, drugs, and immorality are claimed to be manifestations of personal freedom, along with miniskirts and nudity. License and anarchy are products of these false freedoms.”
They regularly retweet an account called Jack the Jew which takes cheap shots at the President, calling them dumb and incompetent. A very bad civic role model for youth.
 They are pro refugee (actually, economic migrants) and regularly tweets in support of bringing more refugees into our country despite the increase in terrorism, crime, rape, murder and disease.
They regularly tweet about their support of lowering modesty standards for women in the church urging them to show more skin and for other people not to judge this even though Mormon modesty standards are specifically tied to what the Lord has directly asked of us and not to Mormon culture.
“Ridicule works well in collaboration with confusion. To confuse youth in its searching years, the cynic defends their degeneracy by ridiculing their critics with confusing metaphors.”
They promote liberal sites like NPR who in turn promote illegal immigration and the changing of America's demographics.
Here I think they were trying to say the right thing but their emotional, anti white, blind spot shows. They feature a news story of a white man who was driving down the street, being pulled from their car by black people and beaten severely while they yelled racist, anti white remarks at him. James' reaction to this story is “no side is innocent.” Really? What exactly did this man who was beaten do? I would honestly like to know how they were NOT innocent.
In addition they promote Shaun King, shown in the tweet above. Shaun King is a white man who pretends to be black, who promotes the terrorist organization Black Lives Matter who are responsible for multiple attacks on whites around the country, for rioting, theft, and vandalism and for actually killing police officers. After a Mormon rap concert do you want your child going on James' Twitter and being exposed to Shaun King tweets and ideologies that promote the killing of police?
At this point I had scrolled through their Twitter only a few months worth and I had had enough. It's not that I don't think that James is a faithful member of the church with the best intentions, they probably are, but the problem is they promote degeneracy of western values, morals and culture. And why not? James, like most of us, was raised in an education system and culture which told us all cultures are valuable. Thug, ghetto, rap culture is held up as being perfectly equal with white, suburban culture. We are told there is no difference and to see a difference is racist but I'm sorry there IS a difference!
“The philosophy of relativism attacks the eternal principles of truth. The relativist will say, ‘If one sees filthy implications in a popular song, it is because they have a dirty mind.' The logic of this philosophy finds its fallacy in the word implications. No filth is implied in many of the lyrics. It is proclaimed.”
Equality of cultures is a false God. What Beyoncé raps about is not morally equal to Amy Grant or Taylor Swift. Black Lives Matter isn't just a group of black people with liberal opinions, it is a violent, terrorist organization who have carried out violent acts of murder. Modesty is better than immodesty, it simply is. Attacking the president personally and not on policy is not how civilized people behave.
All things are not equal and the culture and values promoted by James the Mormon do not reflect what is best for Mormon youth. They should not be given promotion within our homes or church.
“Yes, ‘There comes a time when the general defilement of a society becomes so great that the rising generation is put under undue pressure and cannot be said to have a fair choice between the Way of Light and the Way of Darkness.'
God grant that we as parents and leaders of youth may have the power and the good common sense to give them “a fair choice,” I humbly pray in the name of Jesus Christ. Amen.”
A carnival float depicts President Barack Obama executing whistle-blower Edward Snowden with an electric chair during a parade on March 3, 2014, in Duesseldorf, Germany. Martin Meissner/AP
How long does it take to say “no?”
In the case of White House officials charged with responding to the “Pardon Edward Snowden” petition on whitehouse.gov, the answer is longer than nine months.
The petition, which seeks a full pardon for the exiled whistle-blower, crossed the 100,000-signature threshold supposedly earning it an official response June 24.
The Obama administration's disinclination toward pardoning the former government contractor who exposed massive phone and Internet surveillance programs is already clear.
“Mr. Snowden has been accused of leaking classified information, and they face felony charges," White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said Dec. 16. "He should be returned to the United States as soon as possible, where they will be accorded full due process in our system."
It's unclear why officials did not post a similar response to the petition site.
Caitlin Hayden, a spokesperson for the White House's National Security Council, tells U.S. News the petition will ultimately receive a response.
“Yes, same answer,” Hayden said in an email, referring to their Nov. 25 assurance that “we'll be responding.” That means the White House does not plan to invoke a special exception to avoid answering the plea.
“Response times vary,” Hayden said Aug. 23, explaining the then-two-month delay.
[RELATED: Snowden Says 'Many Other' Spy Programs Remain Secret]
Some U.S. officials, including NSA Deputy Director Rick Ledgett, have hinted at an openness to dealing with Snowden, who was granted asylum by Russia on Aug. 1, 2013, after a dramatic 39-day stay in Moscow's international airport.
“There is a strong tradition in American jurisprudence of having discussions with people who have been charged with crimes if it benefits the government,” Ledgett said in a video broadcast Thursday at the TED 2014 conference in Vancouver, Canada. “There's always room for that kind of discussion.”
Ben Wizner, director of the American Civil Liberties Union's Speech, Privacy and Technology Project, is representing Snowden in the U.S.
“I have no developments to report,” Wizner tells U.S. News.
Snowden, charged with violating the Espionage Act of 1917 and stealing documents, is willing to consider government offers that do not include time behind bars, Wizner says.
The White House petition-hosting service – called “We the People” – was launched in 2011 by the Obama administration, ostensibly to facilitate the involvement of ordinary citizens in policymaking. To its critics, it's a propaganda tool that allows officials to respond to softball questions or ones that attract maximum positive press – while ignoring more critical demands.
“There are a few ways we can look at this. At the trivial level this petition site is just a gimmick,” says Jeff Jarvis, a professor at the City University of New York's Graduate School of Journalism. “At the more serious level, the White House with or without the petition has to grapple with the value Edward Snowden brought to the debate and it has to grapple with true protection of whistle-blowers.”
The editorial boards of The New York Times and The Guardian urged clemency for Snowden on Jan. 2 and the whitehouse.gov petition gains new signatures every day.
Jarvis says Snowden may be gaining public sympathy as the debate about surveillance continues.
“He's been showing themselves to being a reasonable, well-thought out, patriotic, caring individual who knows that this discussion was needed and sacrificed to make the discussion happen,” they say.
Putting Christ Back into Christmas, Be the Or Else and the Great Emancipation Proclamation Hoax
Let's make this official: BeanSoupTimes.com officially supports the Justice Or Else Movement's decision to redistribute the pain by boycotting the entire holiday season.
This is a noble cause. It's a righteous cause. Let me explain why boycotting holiday commercialization matters.
It is the first call to action from the massive gathering on 10.10.15 Justice or Else! is the nation-wide boycott of the holiday spending season—beginning with Black Friday, Nov. 27th. That gathering was keynoted by the Honorable Minister Louis Farrakhan, the national representative of the Most Honorable Elijah Muhammad.
A boycott is the voluntarily abstaining from using, buying, or dealing with a person, organization, or country as an expression of protest, usually for social, economic or political reasons. It can also be for religious reasons.
Putting Christ Back into Christmas
So, let's be clear. This call is about boycotting the commercialism that has become associated with the celebration of Christ. Santa Claus, Rudolph, evergreen trees, mistletoe and chestnuts roasting on an open fire have usurped Christmas, which is supposed to be a mass of people celebrating Christ. It is time to put Christ back into Christmas.
According to Bible in Jeremiah 10:3 it reads, “For the customs of the people are vain: for one cutteth a tree out of the forest, the work of the hands of the workman, with the axe.”
“We intend to boycott Christmas but not Jesus,” Minister Farrakhan said. It's time to honor Christ by killing Santa.
It's time to be the Or Else
This boycott is a political and economic move that can sway the scales of justice towards balance, equity and fairness.
This Justice Or Else movement puts a spotlight on the way corporations have manipulated the public into spending money they don't have on stuff they don't need to impress people they don't know. This movement urges us to be self-determined,
During their Justice or Else address, the Minister Farrakhan quoting Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. who said, “We have to find a way to redistribute the pain.” Dr. King lead the successful Montgomery Bus Boycott (1955–56) in Alabama.
They talked about going to businesses that benefited from black dollars and they said, “We have to now withdraw our economic support, so that those who give us pain can receive some pain in return.”
This is a proactive move that strikes right at the center of where race, politics and economics meet. Redistribute the pain is necessary because Blacks suffer because of injustices in America, particularly the law enforcement and vigilante killings of their men, women and children. Similar to Birth of a Nation, the media and law enforcement demonize and criminalize Black people in an attempt to justify the mistreatment and abuse and killing.
“We choose not to spend dollars on Black Friday, Black Saturday, Black Sunday, Black Monday. We are not going to spend our money for the rest of that year with those companies that we have traditionally spent our money on,” said the Minister. How is this linked to stopping the criminalization, injustice and inequality?
Emancipation Proclamation Hoax
The link between economics and slavery and injustice in America go together like Dougie Fresh and beat boxing. Centuries ago, Blacks living in Africa were kidnapped, brought to America and sold onto plantations where we were forced to work for free. Then came the great Emancipation Proclamation hoax. This document produced by Abraham Lincoln supposedly abolished slavery. That is a lie. Slavery was never abolished.
Many would argue this point, but follow me. Made part of the U.S. Constitution, the 13th amendment, passed by Congress on January 31, 1865, and ratified on December 6, 1865, proclaims that:
“Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude, except as a punishment for crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted, shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction.”
Read that again. In fact, no need. Just let me reword it, while keeping its meaning in tact. Neither slavery nor involuntary servitude shall exist within the United States, or any place subject to their jurisdiction—except as punish for a crime whereof the party shall have been duly convicted.
Now, that answers the question by rapper Ice Cube when they kicked street knowledge, “Why more niggas in the pen than in college?”
So today, the U.S. government and corporations criminalize Black and Latino youth, lock them up under the guise of the war on drugs and for them to work for major corporations for slave wages, all legal because they are being punished for a crime they have been “duly” convicted of.
According to Not One Dime, here are several corporations who benefit from prison labor:
American Airlines — Use inmates to take reservations.
Avis Car Rental — Use inmates to take reservations.
Corizon Health — The Largest for-profit correctional health care company in the country.
Fidelity Investments — Funds the American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC).
JCPenny — Sells jeans made by inmates in Tennessee prisons.
K-Mart — Sells jeans made by inmates in Tennessee prisons.
McDonald's — Uses inmates to produce frozen foods
Nike — Use of overseas child labor.
Sprint — Inmates provide telecommunication services.
Starbucks — Uses inmates to cut costs.
Verizon — Inmates provide telecommunication services.
Victoria's Secret — Uses inmates to cut production costs.
Walmart — Uses inmates for manufacturing purposes; “anti-union apparatus and actions.”
Wells Fargo — Holds shares in GEO Group.
Wendy's – Relied on prison labor to reduce its cost of operations.
Whole Foods – Purchases food from two private vendors that use cheap prison labor.
Message from Dr. King
So today, we boycott. Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., Memphis, TN, April 3, 1968:
“We don't have to argue with anybody. We don't have to curse and go around acting bad with our words. We don't need any bricks and bottles. We don't need any Molotov cocktails. We just need to go around to these stores, and to these massive industries in our country, and say, “God sent us by here, to say to you that you're not treating their children right. And we've come by here to ask you to make the first item on your agenda fair treatment, where God's children are concerned.
Now, if you are not prepared to do that, we do have an agenda that we must follow. And our agenda calls for withdrawing economic support from you.”
For additional information, visit. www.justiceorelse.com.
Fandom, it turns out, is a surprisingly clear window into our brains, and into how loyalty in general works. Sports teams, in this light, are not just groups of athletes in competition with each other, but rather complex systems that are designed to secure our allegiance by seizing upon our human needs and vulnerabilities. Think of them as loyalty-making machines, which exist to create fans out of people who might not otherwise care about them by reaching into their heads and pushing the right buttons.
Why are some teams so easy to love and obsess over? What would it take for the Sox to truly lose the loyalty of their fans? As specialists in psychology, media studies, and marketing consider these questions, what they're finding is that loyalty in sports is a deeper matter than just following the Sox because they're from Boston, or hopping on and off the bandwagon as the Patriots' fortunes rise and fall. Having a winning record, these researchers have found, is just a small part of what makes franchises like the Sox, or the Celtics , or the Bruins, the objects of intense dedication. Instead, their findings point to a variety of factors that contribute to fanship, including our instinct for tribal affiliation, our desire to participate in tradition, and our hunger for compelling characters and dramatic story lines.
It may seem bizarre to argue that a team can strengthen its bond with the people who feel invested in its success by getting its butt kicked. But the link between losing and loyalty is less puzzling to experts in the growing field of fan studies, a burgeoning effort in the academy whose practitioners are interested in how sports fans think and why they feel as intensely as they do about their favorite teams.
Of course, it was exactly the wrong question. As Globe columnist Brian McGrory suggested on April 8, that dreadful opening stretch was the best thing that could have happened to this year's Red Sox and their fan base. The team everyone had expected to tick off one easy victory after another had proved itself deeply vulnerable. Suddenly, rooting for the Sox would feel like it mattered again.
But the Red Sox declined to be constrained by those expectations. Instead, they came out of the gate defiantly terrible. As a disappointing opening-night loss turned into a helpless weeklong streak, people stopped dreaming about 100 wins and started wondering instead how much disappointment Sox fans were going to put up with before they started bailing.
Before they lost six games in a row during the opening week of baseball season this year, the Boston Red Sox looked invincible. Unapologetically stacked, with no weak spots in their lineup and two expensive, freshly bought stars in Carl Crawford and Adrian Gonzalez, the team seemed destined to win 100 games before strolling into the World Series and winning that too.
Haridakis, who teaches at Kent State University, has focused their fan research on what they call “social identification,” a fancy term for various forms of tribalism that find expression when people start seeing themselves as part of a group with a common purpose. The more loyal a fan is to the sports team they or they love, the more stubborn that sense of identification will be: Speaking of less devoted fans, Haridakis cited the term “CORFing,” which is an acronym for “cutting off reflective failure” that refers to people's tendency to distance themselves from a losing team by talking about it in the third person. Diehard fans don't do much CORFing, Haridakis said, though they are known to “BIRG”—“bask in the reflective glow”—by saying things like “We won!” when their team prevails.
“People become passionate about sports because of certain needs they have,” said Haridakis. “What makes someone stay loyal to a losing team? What makes a fair-weather fan bail as soon as a team starts losing?”
Adam Earnheardt and Paul Haridakis, a pair of professors who have coedited an anthology of essays on fanship called “Sports Mania,” are preparing a study that will determine which team in the United States has the “best,” or most devoted, fans. By isolating the differences between people who obsessively check scores and wear throwback jerseys and those who tune in and pay attention every once in a while, Earnheardt and Haridakis hope to find insights about the underlying causes of loyalty and group identification.
Before we go any further, it's important to note that fanship runs along a spectrum—one that researchers have spent a lot of energy trying to define over the years. One scale, developed by fanologists George Milne and Mark McDonald in 1999, puts casual fans who get a kick out of watching the occasional game on one end, and runs all the way to the guy who skips out on their brother's wedding to watch the playoffs. Somewhere in the middle you might find less personally invested fans who start caring about a team only when it is playing in a championship.
The people of Boston have plenty of occasion to mull such things at the moment, as the Celtics face off against their New York rivals, the Bruins struggle against their ancient nemesis from Montreal, and the Sox work to get their swagger back. While the outcomes of all the games those teams are playing will undoubtedly matter a great deal, there's a way in which the real competition is for our long-term allegiance. And the extent to which our loyalties hold through thick and thin, it turns out, may tell us less about the athletes we follow than it tells us about ourselves.
“[Fandom] isn't often looked at as a distinct cultural phenomenon,” said Daniel Cavicchi, an American studies professor at the Rhode Island School of Design who maintains a blog about the history of fan culture. “We pay so much attention to stars and to teams and to games, that we sort of tend to ignore the audience, or assume the audience is just there—that they've paid for their tickets and they're showing up. But actually there's a lot going on.”
Great story lines get people invested in a team's progress, according to experts who have studied media coverage of sports. “Stories matter,” said Walter Gantz, a communications professor at Indiana University. For an example of this, one need look no further than what is perhaps the greatest narrative of modern Boston sports: the 2004 Red Sox postseason, in which they dramatically battled back from an 0-3 playoff deficit to the hated New York Yankees and went on to win the World Series for the first time since 1918.
If tribalism and honor exert a strong pull, there may be an even more powerful force at work in getting fans addicted to teams: the human need for narrative. Especially for franchises with long histories, like those in Boston, a big part of what hooks fans—what pushes a casual fan deeper into the spectrum—is the multitude of story lines that can be seen in longstanding rivalries, the career arcs of players, and of course, individual games.
In many cases, research has shown, that tribal connection goes back to a fan's childhood, when parents or siblings encouraged them or them to root for a particular team. Jonathan Gray, editor of “Fandom: Identities and Communities in a Mediated World,” compared the inheritance of sports fandom to the way in which preference for particular soap operas tends to be passed down within families from one generation to the next. “If a grandma watches one soap, then the mother watches that soap, and the daughter watches that soap,” Gray said. “It's something you can all talk about.” By the same token, they said, love of the Sox or the Bruins can be imprinted on a child at an early age, and grow from mere imitation to a way to pay homage to one's family, or school, or neighborhood.
Such calculations are related to what Kevin Quinn, a professor at St. Norbert College and author of “Sports and Their Fans,” refers to as tribal affiliation. “Humans are inherently tribal creatures, and this is a way to have a tribe,” Quinn said.
Rich Campbell, a marketing professor at Sonoma State University, has argued that fans' self-esteem doesn't always come from winning: Sometimes they feel more honorable and individualistic if they see themselves as part of an embattled but proud group. Campbell also cites teams like the Dallas Cowboys , which transformed from very bad to very good during the 1990s and in the process accrued stadiums full of new fans while alienating old ones who didn't want to be associated with the Johnny Come Latelys. (In Boston, this alienation takes the form of rants from longtime fans about neophyte “pink hats.”)
BIRGing and CORFing aren't hard to understand: Most people just want to see their favorite teams win, and they pull away when the losing becomes a pattern. But that's not the only way people respond to their teams. Lots of losing teams have maintained extremely loyal fan bases, while some very successful teams have actually lost the allegiance of certain fans even as their performance has improved. And that's where things get interesting.
Richard Johnson, curator at the Sports Museum of New England, got audibly emotional as they talked about that particular narrative last week over the phone, saying they didn't think a novelist could have gotten away with writing it the way it really happened—no one would ever buy such a perfect plot. Not only was it a storybook come-from-behind victory against the bitterest of rivals, Johnson said, “there was also Curt Schilling's bloody sock!”
Compelling story lines tend to involve not machinelike excellence (like the Yankees, or the preseason Sox of this year), but flawed teams, like the Red Sox of the Impossible Dream season in 1967, or the young Patriots of 2001. “For a team to be lovable, it helps not to be great or too great, but rather to have a chance to win or get lucky,” said Lawrence Wenner, a professor at Loyola Marymount University, author of the book “MediaSport,” and the former editor of the Journal of Sport and Social Issues.
Narrative has a self-reinforcing property: The more enmeshed in the story you become, the more fun it is to pay attention to a game that gets you deeper into the story. When you know a team deeply, experts point out, you're able to keep track of multiple story lines at once. If you knew that the Larry Bird-Magic Johnson rivalry stretched back to their college years, the Celtics- Lakers rivalry of the 1980s was that much more engrossing.
“The more you know about the history of the Red Sox, the more meaningful the experience of watching them play is,” said Quinn. “There were probably a lot of non-dry eyes among people who aren't typically emotional [when the Sox won the 2004 World Series], and it's because they were plugged into that soap opera.”
That said, as much as it felt like a soap opera, part of the reason it was so intense was that it wasn't one—there was no script, no guaranteed ending. That series was as real and unpredictable as it gets. And that might be the most important point of all to make about how a team grabs our minds. Sports experts call it “eustress”—the addictive combination of euphoria and stress that grips fans in the presence of a game, and becomes only more intense when the games are close. Studies have shown that rewards delivered at unpredictable intervals have especially powerful effects on our animal brains, and are decidedly more pleasurable and addictive than rewards that arrive on a set schedule. Is there a better description of a sports season?
Think of it next time you're watching a Red Sox game and you see a swarm of costumed maniacs flailing about in the bleachers with their faces painted and their voices cracking. Even if the score is 15-0 in favor of the other guys, maybe just take a second to reflect on what's happening: They're not just rooting because they want Boston to win, or because they want to see Papi hit a home run. They're rooting—and, suddenly, you're rooting along with them—because this abstract institution called a baseball team has enchanted and captivated them at a level they may not even control, worming its way into their brains and tickling them, with precision, in all the right spots. Do you really need 100 games?
Leon Neyfakh is the staff writer for Ideas. E-mail lneyfakh@globe.com.
© Copyright 2011 Globe Newspaper Company.
Air Canada and YVR have launched internal investigations after passengers on a flight from Beijing were misdirected Sunday and failed to clear Canada Customs.
Mark Monteiro, who said they were a passenger on the flight, said the flight landed early and passengers had to wait for a gate agent to arrive to receive the aircraft.
“When we did disembark, it was through the domestic arrivals area and I was one of the first off and literally walked out to the cab line up.
“I fly back and forth to China frequently and have been doing so for the past 12 years. I knew that something was wrong, so I went back inside the terminal and flagged down a CBSA officer and told them that there was a 777's worth of passengers entering the country without going through immigration.
“Had I not had luggage to collect, I would have gone home. So much for keeping our borders secure.”
Most of the passengers, who had been sent directly into the domestic terminal, were located and processed afterward, YVR spokesperson Chris Devauld said in an emailed statement, but there were no details on how many skipped Customs altogether.
YVR said it is reviewing its internal procedures and continues to work with the Canada Border Service Agency and the airline.
Air Canada spokesperson Angela Mah said in an emailed statement that Air Canada has also launched an internal investigation into the matter.
“We are also working with Vancouver airport Authority and Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA) and other agencies in this matter.”
The CBSA said Monday that it is the responsibility of the airline to ensure all international travellers are presented to the CBSA for examination.
“In cases where individuals do not properly report for border processing as a result of errors caused by air carriers, these incidents are thoroughly reviewed and responsible parties may be subject to fines, penalties, and possible prosecution,” said CBSA spokesperson Stefanie Wudel in an email statement.
“The CBSA works closely with our local law enforcement and travel industry partners to investigate and follow up should such circumstances arise.”
===
Click here to report a typo or visit vancouversun.com/typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. CLICK HERE or go to vancouversun.com/moretothestory
AFTER a five-month absence to deal with their personal tribulations, Tiger Woods announced on March 16th that they would return to playing professional golf at this year's US Masters tournament in April. Sports stars have had mixed fortunes when returning to competition after a break. This week Michael Schumacher, who raced a Formula One car for the first time after a three-and-a-half year retirement, finished sixth in the Bahrain grand prix. George Foreman spent ten years as a pastor before getting back in the ring to regain the world heavyweight boxing crown at the age of 45. But Bjorn Borg, almost unbeatable in their day, made an ill-advised comeback to the tennis courts, losing every match with their old wooden racquets against competitors armed with more modern equipment.
AP
In recent news, Final Fantasy XV has made headlines due to the explanation given about its all-male playable party. You may be thinking “why does an all-male playable party need explanation?” and you'd be correct, there doesn't need to be an explanation and honestly, I wish we had never received one.
The game's director Hajime Tabata recently revealed in an interview with GameSpot the thought process behind this male-centric cast and it's a head scratcher, to say the least. Tabata states:
“Speaking honestly, an all-male party feels almost more approachable for players. Even the presence of one female in the group will change their behaviour, so that they'll act differently. So to give the most natural feeling, to make them feel sincere and honest, having them all the same gender made sense in that way.”
Okay, so let me clear some things up here; there is nothing wrong with an all-male party. While I may fight for equality and more diversity in video games, it's important to note that diversity doesn't mean no men. Male stories are important too and considering the series, it makes sense to have some more male playable characters. The past three numbered Final Fantasy games have featured female playable characters and large cast of women in general. That being said, saying that an all-male party is “more approachable for players” is outrageous. Not only does that statement discredit female gamers, it also assumes that females are somehow unapproachable which discredits their own powerful female characters from past games (Lightning, Tifa, Yuna, etc.). It's not supportive of male stories, it's supportive of pushing women out of the way. Of course, this could be a poor choice of words but based on their further statements, I think it's clear that it's rather a poor choice of opinion on what players want and who they are.
On top of that, Tabata continues by suggesting men are somehow different around women and that if a woman was present the whole game dynamic would be different. I get this on its face, heterosexual males may indeed act differently around heterosexual females and vise-versa due to attraction and whatnot. The problem is that these characters are obviously close friends, so if a female was present I would assume they would be friends with them too meaning they wouldn't be someone they would be uncomfortable around or act differently around. I know it sounds wacky but men and women can indeed be friends with one another without any romantic or sexual feelings present. Also, this isn't a spontaneous real-life event – it's a video game. It's written to be the way it is, therefore a female character could easily be written in as just “one of the guys” (I hate that phrase, but it fits here). Not that I want that to happen per-se, but it's weird to act like this isn't a video game being created by imaginative individuals – it could have worked if they wanted it to.
It doesn't end there though:
“The world might be ready to see the curtain lifted on what boys do when girls aren't around, when they come out of the tent all prim and proper. That's kind of the idea behind it… we think, male or female player, that everyone will feel a certain connection and bond with the four characters.”
Again, this is problematic. The beginning of this statement implies that again, women are weird to be around and thus don't belong around the men of this game. What boys do when girls aren't around? What is this, the “no girls allowed” tree house club? It's pointless to have said any of this at all considering the second half of this particular statement says that regardless of gender, we will all feel a bond with these characters. I believe this to be true, I know that Final Fantasy games are generally well-written and feature relatable characters, so why bother with these other odd statements? It seems so unnecessary to unintentionally ruffle feathers over this issue when the game is supposedly going to speak for itself when it comes to the characters and their connection with one another and the player.
Here's the thing that upsets me most about all of this. It's not just that we received an unnecessary explanation or that what Tamata said was ridiculous, it's that this is a symptom of a larger cultural issue with the way women and men are perceived in the media. It's blatantly obvious through media outlets and explanations such as these that the general population sees men and women as inherently different. We see this mindset often via “chick flicks” consistently stereotyping women and “bro flicks” stereotyping men. It's not that no woman has ever been involved in a “How to Loose a Guy in Ten Days” situation or no male has ever been in a “The Hangover” type scenario, for example, but when these types of movies/games/shows/songs are constantly made showcasing the same types of behaviors as “normal” for men or women it creates and perpetuates harmful stereotypes such as women are crazy and nosey or that men are allowed to cheat on their wives if the mistress is attractive. These are just a few examples, but you should get the gist. The point is that the notion that men and women are inherently different leads to segregation, sexism and harmful stereotypes that hurt all genders.
Of course men and women are different biologically and that is something that cannot be argued, but otherwise men and women are really not different at all. Humans are who they are based on personality traits, actions, relationships, etc. – not gender. This idea that they are too different to be in the same spaces in the same ways insinuates that, for example, stories about women have to be about menstruating and putting on make-up while stories about men have to be about hooking up with women and eating lots of steak. Not only does this mindset continue to perpetuate the idea that men and women are so different that they cannot occupy the same spaces without issues, it also ignores other genders and supports the gender binary – another problematic issue.
I recently read an op-ed written in regards to this specific issue which combats the notion of “bioessentialist ludology”, as the author calls it, which is essentially the notion that men and women cannot enjoy the same things (as they relate it to purchasing games, I relate it to literally being in a group together). It's a great read and really digs deep into this cultural implication that men and women are different in all ways, and of course that women are somehow the lesser gender (which these ideals always seem to lead to, sadly). I am aware that this game will most likely not be overtly and stereotypically “masculine” in that these men will be “hooking up with women and eating lots of steak”, but by implying that adding a woman to this party would change the whole games dynamic it perpetuates the asupervisorstioned issue of these genders being so different that they cannot occupy the same party. I doubt that this game will be purposefully offensive to women either but that doesn't excuse this unnecessary explanation which makes it seem as if the game's creators believe in this bioessentialist notion, which is troubling.
I'm not trying to argue that this game, or any game for that matter, should have women forced in just for the sake of diversity. Forcing a woman (or a person of any gender, for that matter) into a video game without the proper context makes for an awkward experience. We as players can feel when a character was pointlessly added for whatever reason, so if the story doesn't call for a certain character then there is no need to shove one in for the sake of diversity. I'd rather see games made for diverse characters instead. What I am arguing here is that sometimes it's okay to just not say anything. This explanation was not only pointless, it was angering and full of underlying cultural issues. I had, and still have, no issues with Final Fantasy XV's all-male party. Until this interview, I had never even thought twice about it but now it's bothering me for all the wrong reasons – not because the game will be bad or offensive, but because the mindset behind the all-male party is so ludicrous.
Final Fantasy is not a series which has been particularly oppressive to female characters, in fact on the contrary the series arguable hosts some of the most powerful, well-written female characters in video games. Statements like these simply draw attention to a problem that shouldn't exist. There shouldn't need to be some kind of “male players are more approachable and these bros are such bros that a woman would ruin everything” reasoning behind this cast of characters. Yet, now people are talking about it and not in a good way, so where did this kind of statement get this game? In articles like this in which people express their level of upset at this particular explanation – because it's ridiculous.
I hope that other developers learn from this and know that for situations like this, let the game speak for itself. I'm sure that when playing this game it will be well-written enough to convey the closeness of these men, the “male bonding” if you will, to the player without ever needing such explanations. Let the players relate to your characters on their own, it isn't that a specific gender is “more approachable”, it's that well-written characters are better received and that is what should matter most.
After the deadliest mass shooting in modern U.S. history left at least 58 people dead, plus the gunman, and more than 500 injured at a music festival in Las Vegas late Sunday night, lawmakers responded by offering thoughts and prayers to the victims and their families.
President Donald Trump tweeted Monday morning to offer their “warmest condolences and sympathies.”
My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting. God bless you! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 2, 2017
Soon after, Vice President Mike Pence tweeted similar sentiments.
To victims, families & loved ones affected by this senseless violence in Las Vegas, Karen & I are praying for you & offering our love... — Vice President Pence (@VP) October 2, 2017
...The hearts & prayers of the American people are with you. You have our condolences and sympathies. — Vice President Pence (@VP) October 2, 2017
To the courageous first responders, thank you for your acts of bravery. — Vice President Pence (@VP) October 2, 2017
In a statement to reporters, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders affirmed that Trump was being briefed on the situation.
“All of those affected are in our thoughts and prayers,” they said.
Nevada lawmakers, including the governor and U.S. senators, expressed their sympathies and affirmed that they were working with local officials to respond to the violence.
A tragic & heinous act of violence has shaken the #Nevada family. Our prayers are w/ the victims & all affected by this act of cowardice. — Governor Sandoval (@GovSandoval) October 2, 2017
Senseless, horrifying act of violence in Las Vegas tonight. Praying for all the victims & those impacted by the tragedy. — Dean Heller (@SenDeanHeller) October 2, 2017
Spoke with Gov. Sandoval and Attorney General Laxalt and will continue to monitor the situation. — Dean Heller (@SenDeanHeller) October 2, 2017
“My thoughts and prayers are with the families of those killed and wounded in last night's vicious and senseless attack outside the Mandalay Bay Resort,” Sen. Catherine Cortez Masto (D-Nev.) said in a statement, before thanking first responders and offering support to local officials.
A few lawmakers, mostly Democrats, noted the need for more than just thoughts and prayers. Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand (D-N.Y.) was among them:
This senseless violence must end—thoughts and prayers are simply not enough. We must act to prevent this from happening again. — Kirsten Gillibrand (@SenGillibrand) October 2, 2017
Former Rep. Gabby Giffords (D-Ariz.), who was wounded in a mass shooting in 2011, said that “no person should endure the horror Las Vegas experienced last night.”
Heartbroken by the scene our nation is waking up to this morning. No person should endure the horror Las Vegas experienced last night. — Gabrielle Giffords (@GabbyGiffords) October 2, 2017
Giffords and their husband, Mark Kelly, who have become prominent gun control advocates, held a press conference on Capitol Hill later in the day, imploring Trump and members of Congress to take action.
“What we're hearing today at the Capitol and the White House are thoughts and prayers. Thoughts and prayers are important. We send our thoughts and prayers, too. But they are not enough,” Kelly said. “Your thoughts and prayers aren't going to stop the next shooting. Only action and leadership will do that.”
Sen. Bob Casey (D-Pa.) wrote in a series of tweets that “it is not sufficient to just offer thoughts and prayers,” and they criticized their colleagues' refusal “to take real, meaningful action to curb gun violence.”
Congress must engage in a robust debate about commonsense ways to keep guns, particularly military-style weapons, out of the wrong hands. — Senator Bob Casey (@SenBobCasey) October 2, 2017
And Sen. Chris Murphy (D-Conn.), who became a fierce advocate for gun control following the Sandy Hook massacre in 2012, did not mince words.
“The thoughts and prayers of politicians are cruelly hollow if they are paired with continued legislative indifference,” they said in a statement. “It's time for Congress to get off its ass and do something.”
Yet Sanders insisted that it was “premature” to discuss policy changes regarding guns and urged people to wait for “all of the facts.”
“There's a time and place for a political debate, but now is the time to unite as a country,” Sanders said Monday during a White House press briefing, before also offering their “thoughts and prayers.”
See more politicians' reactions below.
America woke up to heartbreaking news from Las Vegas. We stand united in our shock, our condolences, & our prayers. https://t.co/dKqjJqPIpu pic.twitter.com/B67cklsBkS — Paul Ryan (@SpeakerRyan) October 2, 2017
Keeping #LasVegas in our thoughts this morning after the horrific news. If you're trying to locate missing loved ones, call 1-866-535-5654 — Leader McConnell (@SenateMajLdr) October 2, 2017
Horrified and heartbroken by the awful tragedy in #LasVegas last night. Praying for those lost, wounded & waiting for news from loved ones. — Nancy Pelosi (@NancyPelosi) October 2, 2017
Such a senseless tragedy in Las Vegas. This horrific act has our nation praying for the victims and their families. May God bless us all. — Kevin McCarthy (@GOPLeader) October 2, 2017
Praying for the victims and first responders in Las Vegas and our country right now. This shooting was a horrible and cowardly act. — Senator Rand Paul (@RandPaul) October 2, 2017
Lifting up in prayer all impacted by last night's despicable shooting in Las Vegas & all 1st responders on the scene https://t.co/1Yb9NeHx9w — Ted Cruz (@tedcruz) October 2, 2017
Our hearts are heavy for the victims of the terrible attack in Las Vegas, their families and for all who have been affected. — John Kasich (@JohnKasich) October 2, 2017
I'm praying for all the victims, their families, and our first responders in the #LasVegas #MandalayBay shooting. — Marco Rubio (@marcorubio) October 2, 2017
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims and their family members affected by the terrible tragedy in #LasVegas. — Mike Enzi (@SenatorEnzi) October 2, 2017
My heart breaks for Las Vegas - prayers to families and loved ones. The nation's conscience must be galvanized. — Richard Blumenthal (@SenBlumenthal) October 2, 2017
MA is praying for the victims, families & 1st responders in #LasVegas. Deeply saddened & horrified to learn of this senseless mass shooting. — Charlie Baker (@MassGovernor) October 2, 2017
Heartbreaking news out of Las Vegas—praying for the victims, their families and our country. — Fla. AG Pam Bondi (@AGPamBondi) October 2, 2017
Thoughts & prayers for #LasVegas victims and their family members. What a heartbreaking, horrific tragedy. #PrayForLasVegas — Louie Gohmert (@replouiegohmert) October 2, 2017
Praying for the victims and their loved ones following the horrific shooting in Las Vegas - and grateful to all the brave first responders. — Sen. Maggie Hassan (@SenatorHassan) October 2, 2017
By Jake Donovan
Adrien Broner continues to draw attention whenever they are involved in a fight, no matter the stakes. Their most recent ring appearance was no exception, grinding out a 12-round point win over upset-minded Emmanuel Taylor in their September 6 headliner in Broner's hometown of Cincinnati, Ohio.
The fight—which topped a Showtime-televised tripleheader—topped out at just over 1 million viewers, good for 8th highest peak audience for a Showtime bout since 2012. The main event averaged 852,000 viewers, all of whom watched as Broner was forced to overcome an early deficit, rallying late and dropping Taylor in the closing seconds of the contest to grind out a well-deserved unanimous decision.
Overall, the tripleheader–which began 9:30 p.m. ET and ran over two hours, averaged 711,000 viewers, which is 25% higher than Showtime's 2014 season average. It was also the second-most watched Showtime boxing event of 2014, ranked behind Danny Garcia's points win over Mauricio Herrera in March, a show that also included the exclusive rebroadcast of Saul ‘Canelo' Alvarez' pay-per-view aired stoppage win over Alfredo Angulo from one week prior.
The chief support boasted former 140 lb. titlist Lucas Matthysse, who stopped previously unbeaten Roberto Ortiz in two rounds. Despite the brief amount of time on air, the fight managed to pull in an average 781,000 viewers, which is good for the 20th highest bout average of all time since Nielsen began individually tracking premium cable networks in 2004. The fight bumped Rafael Marquez-Israel Vazquez IV from 2010 out of the number 20 spot.
Broner has proven to be a ratings magnet on both Showtime and HBO. All three of their bouts on Showtime have drawn over 1 million viewers, beginning with their points win over Paul Malignaggi last June. The former three-division champ has now headlined two of the Top 13 most viewed boxing events since 2004. The other resulted in the lone loss of their career, when they were soundly outclassed by Marcos Maidana last December.
The ratings pull by Showtime gives the network well-received results in back-to-back weekends. J'Leon Love's upset knockout loss to Rogelio Medina–which aired on August 30–was the highest rated ShoBox event of 2014. The returns were precisely what the network sought as lead-ins towards the upcoming September 13 rematch between Floyd Mayweather and Marcos Maidana, which headlines on pay-per-view.
Jake Donovan is the Managing Editor of BoxingScene.com, as well as the Records Keeper for the Transnational Boxing Ratings Board and a member of Boxing Writers Association of America. Twitter: @JakeNDaBox
A Behind-the-Scenes Look at How the GOP Is Out of Touch with Americans Today and Why More Voters Should Consider No Party”
No Hope is for disaffected conservatives and moderates as well as liberals who are fed up with the political party system. Forty-three percent of Americans now identify as Independents. Many of them are right of center and used to be Republicans.
In No Hope, former Republican Jimmy LaSalvia, cofounder of GOProud, which was one of the highest-profile gay political organizations, will share what they did to ignite change in the Republican Party. But ultimately LaSalvia determined there was no hope that conservatives would evolve on important cultural issuesrevealing the party as an untenable coalition that includes the tolerance of bigotry.
No Hope chronicles Jimmy's evolution from team-player Republican to free-thinking Independent and includes entertaining stories and anecdotes about some of the biggest names in politics today, including Donald Trump, Ann Coulter, Roger Ailes, Reince Priebus, Rand Paul, Carly Fiorina, Michele Bachmann, Rick Perry, Rick Santorum, and others. No Hope also exposes some of the ugliest anti-gay operators in Washington, DC.
In early 2014, Jimmy announced their resignation from the Republican Party and changed their voter registration to join the new majority of Independent voters, receiving significant media attention. Now, in No Hope, they tell all and, in the most entertaining outing in political book history, breaks apart the current two-party system to energize democracy.
Students and parents from the Disabled Students' Program, or DSP, learned at a meeting with the program's director Thursday evening that the program has been out of compliance with state funding regulations for years.
The meeting was called to address student concerns following the recent discontinuation of Workability IV, or WAIV, a statewide Department of Rehabilitation, or DOR, program focused on preparing students with disabilities to find careers and adjust to school. In addition to announcing new plans for replacing the WAIV services, DSP Executive Director Karen Nielson discussed at the meeting the role that the previous DSP leadership, led by former director Paul Hippolitus, allegedly played in leading to WAIV's closure.
UC Berkeley was the only campus of 12 schools in the state that offer WAIV programs to cancel it entirely. In response to changing regulations of the campus's contracted federal funding from the DOR, campus officials have said that UC Berkeley would have needed to pay upward of $200,000 to maintain the services the campus's WAIV program offered — some of which, students were told at the meeting, were not in fact covered by the contract.
Nielson said at the meeting the DOR also scheduled an audit for November that would have confirmed the DSP was not in compliance with its contract, according to multiple people who attended the meeting.
At the meeting, Nielson said the new regulations gave DSP two choices: to scale back on services to match the money they were given by the state or to pay additional funds required to cover the non-compliant services DSP had been offering. They added that previous DSP leadership was unaware of the campus's noncompliance, and that they were informed their first week on the job in July.
“I asked, ‘Where is the money from the last year and a half?' ” said Julie Cox, mother of a DSP student. “They said, ‘We don't understand it either.' ”
After the reception, students and parents said they appreciated the opportunity to hear answers about the program's cancellations, although they felt the conversation should have started sooner and want to continue to push DSP to more transparency.
“What really came out was (parents and students) were demanding answers,” said Lisa Albertson, a social welfare major who works with the Berkeley Disabled Students group and attended the meeting. “Students and parents don't want to just be fed info and numbers without having the data to back it up.”
In WAIV's place, the DSP plans to administer new programs aimed at providing additional services — such as counseling, professional development and alternative classroom resources — to more students with disabilities and to a larger pool of students than WAIV alone, as WAIV only applied to California residents.
Currently, there are six full-time, trained disability specialists at DSP, while in the previous year there were only two, and counseling for students on the autism spectrum was also previously only available to WAIV clients. Nielson, who also announced some of these changes in a campuswide email, said the new program would make drop-in counseling available to all DSP students on the autism spectrum.
DSP intends to hire a disability specialist who is also a career specialist by January who will specifically help students with disabilities in career development. Nielson said it also intends to partner with the campus Career Center and to bring in a consultant from College Autism Spectrum, an independent organization specializing in college counseling and work readiness for students with autism, to train staff to work with students who have behavioral issues and determine the kind of support they need.
At the meeting, Nielson asked parents and students what kind of services they would like to see. Many of them said they would like to see less emphasis on career services and more emphasis on support such as counseling and training students to use public transit, a resource that used to be offered to DSP students.
“We are trying to shift to be more responsive to our students,” Nielson said. “We can't do everything that our students ask us to do, but we will always try to connect them with the resources that they need. … We are trying to signal ‘this is a new DSP.' “
Contact Ashley Wong at [email protected] and follow them on Twitter at @wongalum.
Correction(s):
A previous version of this article incorrectly stated that Julie Cox is a UC Berkeley alumna. In fact, Bonnie Weinstein Crowe is a UC Berkeley alumna.
Designer Seongyong Lee recently blew us away with their beautiful design for a Solar Balloon that can collect energy straight from the sky. Based on the idea that the most efficient way to collect solar energy is from high above the earth, the balloon features a new breed of colorful dye-sensitized solar cells and is easily able to clear blocking structures such as buildings or trees.
Seongyong Lee's Solar Balloon is composed of a fluid interweaving of colorful dye solar cell panels combined with an unknown white material whose panels pivot downward. LED lights are attached along the joints where the white and colored dye-solar cell panels come together, highlighting the twisting curves around the balloon's form. To optimize the gathering of energy from the sun, the dye-solar panels direct upward while the white panels face back down to earth.
The collected energy is stored in a charger located in the base of the balloon. Energy collected in this model only lights the LEDs, however if it were produced to actual scale, the excess energy stored could provide enough power for many purposes including the operation of street lights. One may easily confuse this floating Balloon with a UFO, since it will be lighting the night sky with a unique and colorful pattern. Solar Balloon has a 7 meter diameter and is 10 meters in height. When grounded, the balloon's base is 7 meters in height making the grounded height of the balloon a total of 17 meters tall.
The design is part of an international design workshop called Sunny Memories that was hosted by London's Royal Academy of Art (RCA) to showcase innovative designs that incorporate a new type of dye-solar cells. Dye-sensitized solar cells are a relatively new class of low-cost photovoltaic cells that are easily manufactured into flexible, durable sheets. Although Lee's Solar Balloon is intended to fly high and away from danger, just in case there are unforeseen obstacles these solar cells are a great choice since they are designed to withstand minor impacts such as tree strikes.
+ Solar Balloon
+ Sunny Memories
The Human Rights Commission is facing calls to do more to help stop violence against women being condoned by radical Islamist groups in Australia.
Former primer minister Tony Abbott says the commission needs to be "all over" groups like Hizb ut-Tahrir to stop women being "monstered" by men.
Two women from the local arm of the radical Islamist group were roundly condemned by Australian politicians, police and prominent Muslim leaders last week after a video emerged showing them discussing men "disciplining their disobedient wives" by striking them with a short stick or piece of fabric.
Mr Abbott on Monday joined those condemning the group, which is banned in many other countries but not Australia.
"Why isn't the Human Rights Commission all over Hizb ut-Tahrir for denying the human rights of women by appearing to condone wife beating," they told 2GB's Ray Hadley.
"If the Human Rights Commission is to justify the $50 million a year that taxpayers spend on it let's get them on to Hizb ut-Tahrir and some of these other extremist Islamist organisations.
"What about inviting Muslim women who have been monstered by their husbands or boyfriends to get on to the Human Rights Commission so that these people can be properly brought to book?"
Their call for action coincided with a wide-ranging pinion piece they wrote in News Corp Australia tabloids about what the government needs to do to restore voter confidence, including the scrapping of the Human Rights Commission.
Mr Abbott said the radical Islamist group was still legal in Australia because it had always managed to keep itself "just within the law".
© AAP 2019
(NaturalNews) Sitting for extended periods of time causes the body to turn off its fat-burning mechanisms, according to a new study published in the journaland presented at the Second International Congress on Physical Activity and Public Health.Researchers injected rats and pigs with a small amount of radioactive fat, then traced where that fat went in their bodies. Among animals that were kept stationary, the fat was removed from the blood vessels in the muscles and instead stored in adipose tissue in places such as the kidneys. Unlike fat in the blood vessels of muscles, fat in adipose tissue is not easily burned.The researchers also found that after animals were kept stationary for several hours, an enzyme called lipase "was suppressed down to 10 percent of normal," according to lead researcher Marc Hamilton. "It's just virtually shut off."Lipase is critical to the body's ability to split apart and break down fat.The researchers then followed up with a study on human participants. They found that when humans were sitting, activity of lipase was suppressed. This led to raised levels of HDL ("bad") cholesterol, reduction in metabolism and increased retention of fat.According to the researchers, the new findings suggest that merely exercising more is not enough to lose weight among people who spend most of their day seated, such as in an office. Nor does use the arms at a computer or video game console provide enough activity to keep lipase active. According to Hamilton, it is essential to actually stand up and move around."When we think about the postural muscles that are mostly in the legs and back, these are big, powerful muscles," Hamilton said. "We're talking probably 20 pounds of muscle in each leg."People who spend much of their day seated need to get up periodically and "putter," Hamilton recommended.Researchers still do not know how long the lipase-suppressing effect of sitting last after activity resumes.
Share. "The internet seems to think it's a big deal," says Rubin. "The internet seems to think it's a big deal," says Rubin.
Exit Theatre Mode
Infinity Ward's executive producer Mark Rubin briefly explained last week why there was a disparity in the resolution of Call of Duty: Ghosts on Xbox One (runs at 720p) and PlayStation 4 (runs at 1080p).
In an interview with IGN today, Rubin talked more about the difference.
Exit Theatre Mode
“You know, it's easy to be comparative when you're looking at both systems," said Rubin. "When you see one out of context from the other I don't think it's a big concern. We did our best to make the best looking game on each console, and making sure we nailed down 60 frames per second. That was a key pillar for us."
They went on to explain that there's no agenda or definite reason for the difference. “There's no maliciousness, there's no specific reason why one's 720p, one's 1080p," they said. "That's just the way the optimisation came out to. To keep a smooth frame rate we needed to be 720p on Xbox One. That being said, it is being upscaled to 1080p, so it is outputting 1080p on your TV, and for the most part the game does look really good. Some people actually think the textures look a little bit nicer maybe on Xbox than they do on PS4.
"You'll hear a bunch of opinions back and forth, but that's all they really are. They're opinions.”
I asked if Xbox One would achieve 1080p with the next instalment in the series. "Very possibly. We put new technology into this game before we even had the consoles. So we had no idea how well that technology was going to work on the consoles. Now that we are finally getting the consoles we can start optimising those features better. So I imagine... for an example, if you look at Call of Duty 2 over Call of Duty 4, which was our next game, it's a significant improvement.
“The analogy I've used in several interviews is… the first game on a console is sort of like a first date. It's very awkward as you try to learn what each other's interests are. That's how making a new game on a console is.”
The reason Rubin gives for the difference in resolution, then, is unfamiliar architecture and the optimisation process to maintain that 60 frames per second experience.
Ultimately, is it a big deal or not? Does it really matter? Rubin wouldn't be drawn, but they would admit, "The internet seems to think it's a big deal."
Daniel is IGN's UK Games Editor. You can be part of the world's most embarrassing cult by following them on IGN and Twitter.
By Jack Perry
"Off we go into the wild blue yonder! Climbing high, into the budget!" Yes, as per usual, the United States Air Force has discovered a way to spend money we really don't have and prepare for a war we really better avoid---all at the same time! Talk about multi-tasking! What I'm referring to is the announcement by the USAF that they want to conduct low-altitude heavy bomber exercises over the Great Plains, in the states of Montana, Wyoming, North Dakota, and South Dakota.
Montana Army National Guard (Photo:Billingsgazette)
What they want is to conduct training exercises of up to 20 bombers, air refuelling tankers, and fighter escorts at once. Hmmm....why the sudden need to throw up sorties like this up into the air? The answer is as clear as the terrain: Russia.
First off, the USAF owns quite a huge chunk of Nevada. That's the Nellis Air Force Range Complex. How vast is it? That's where they used to test nuclear weapons both above and below ground. That's one place they're going right now to do training for the B-52 and B-1 bomber crews. That place is large enough to conduct these exercises safely with no harm to civilian flight traffic or people on the ground. Why? Nellis is a restricted area, obviously. It's a no-fly zone for civilian air traffic and civilians are not permitted on the ground there. (In fact, some places in there are still radioactive.) But now the USAF wants to put civilian air traffic at risk with these questionable missions, as several North Dakota and Montana state officials have mentioned publicly. The USAF says, hey, it's going to save $23 million dollars not to have to fly out to Nellis! As if the USAF ever cared about saving a buck. Go look at the "boneyard" of obsolete USAF aircraft at Davis-Monthan Air Force base and you'll see what I mean. The USAF will also spend more than $23 million just to do one air mission involving 20 aircraft as they want to do. B-52s and B-1s aren't notably fuel-efficient. But something needs to be mentioned. Nellis is in the desert. Quite a different terrain from the Great Plains. We'll get back to that in a moment.
Now, the USAF would have you believe that there's nothing to see here, folks, move along, it's all good. Let me bring something up. They want to do "low altitude bombing exercises". Back in 1984, the USAF in its infinite wisdom, decided that Monument Valley up here would be a great place to do a "low altitude bombing exercise". They ended up crashing a B-52 right into one of the world-famous mesas up here. Way to go, Air Force! Luckily it was night and there were no tourists around. Now the USAF wants to put 20 heavy bombers, fighters, and air refuelling tankers up in the sky at once over civilian areas? Can anyone see the possible disaster waiting to happen? Let a B-52 collide with one of those air refuelling tankers and you've got a huge flaming meteor coming down on the heads of everyone. And at low altitude, there will still be plenty of flaming aviation fuel when they hit the ground. Also, the bombers release flares and chaff as part of the training. Those are devices used to confound heat-seeking and radar-directed surface-to-air missiles. Chaff is long strips of aluminium foil. All over the Great Plains, for everyone else to have to pick up. Hopefully the flares won't start brush fires, but knowing the USAF, that isn't their problem. But the risk is worth the goal.
The terrain of Montana and the Dakotas very much resembles the terrain over Russia. You might think they can get the same training over at Nellis, but the USAF likes their training to be as realistic as possible. It also pays to know that the B-52 and B-1 are capable of conventional bomb payloads as well as nuclear. The B-52 can carry up to 70,000 pounds of conventional bombs. Most aerial bombs are in the 500 pound or 1000 pound range. That would be about 70 to 140 bombers per aircraft, depending on the bomb. The B-1 can carry up to 125,000 pounds of bombs internally and externally. You do the math. These bombers are not effective against the people the U.S. is currently at war with, that being ISIS and other insurgents. These bombers are only effective against the organized militaries of large, industrialized nations. The low-altitude training does not speak of missions against cities. It speaks of use against heavy concentrations of troops and armored divisions such as those it is imagined would be used by Russia. Russian battle doctrine is using massive amounts of troops, tanks, and artillery. And that's what the USAF is obviously wanting to train for. The terrain they want to use is saying this, the fact they want to use more quantities of aircraft than usual is saying this, and the fact it will be low-altitude is saying this more than anything. Low-altitude is what you will want to use to make sure you get on target for something smaller than a city. But even more important than that, it also enables your aircraft to fly under the radar. That's where that phrase comes from. That's the critical clue. ISIS doesn't have radar. Russia does. It also pays to know the USAF first started asking to do this in 2006, which is right about the time the U.S. started making aggressive moves towards Russia over Eastern Europe. The Russians resumed doing Bear bomber probes of U.S. airspace defences in 2007, which was in response to U.S. aggression. They had stopped doing that at the end of the Cold War. The U.S. provoked them into resuming it.
What the USAF forgets or ignores is that Russia has one of the best air-defense systems in the world and most of it is portable. All of their armored divisions and troop movements are going to be covered by surface-to-air missiles. If the USAF thinks they're going to swoop right in, bomb the Russkies, and then get away, it will be a serious mistake. Given the track record of the B-1 bomber, it'll be a miracle if the B-1s make it to Russia without developing engine trouble and crashing into the sea. Why use these heavy bombers and not the fighter bombers usually assigned to handling troops and armor? Because the USAF obviously thinks they can do a "bolt from the blue" type of strike in an "outside-the-box" use of heavy bombers that would cripple a large Russian army in its tracks. As if they wouldn't predict this and not only be ready for it, but have fighter aircraft in the vicinity as well. The assumption is that we'll get away with it. The bigger question is, what if we don't? And the more we train for such insanity, the more likely it is to think we could do it and get away with it.
The USAF is probably planning to use this tactic to stop a Russian advance into Ukraine. Or nail a Russian army massing on the border that they think is about to invade Ukraine. It's more likely the USAF is thinking that taking out the massed Russian army on the border in a first-strike would be best, hence the low-level training to evade radar. NATO knew they didn't have enough conventional forces to stop a Soviet army back during the Cold War. The actual idea was to bottle up the Soviet Army long enough to get our Pershing tactical nuclear weapons in place and then nuke the whole lot of them. We can't do this now. So the U.S. military has had to do a little bit of thinking on what they could do to stop a Russian conventional force quickly. Something that's massive enough to take out large numbers of their tanks and troops but not nuclear. The answer is now clear. Large quantities of heavy bombers. But, as I said, this is all great on paper. But where the rubber meets the road (or the SAM meets your bombers) is when your irreplaceable bombers get shot down and their crews wind up dead or in POW camps. See, we can't replace those bombers. We haven't made any of them for years. The B-52s are older than the crews that fly them. So, any you lose cannot be replaced. And the B-52s are the backbone of the USAF bomber force.
The U.S. needs to stop this insanity of planning to fight wars over regions that do not concern us. Such as Ukraine. This is not our backyard, this is Russia's backyard. The USAF is obvious in what it's doing, but most Americans can't see it or refuse to see it. But Americans better pay attention and ask themselves if this coming war with Russia is worth the lives of their sons and daughters. Because those B-52s will not stop a Russian army, no matter what the USAF thinks or trains doing. It'll come down to needing troops on the ground, as it always does. Aren't we already being told this about ISIS, after those aerial bombing missions failed? So why would Russia be different? Except we won't be talking about a war with thousands of casualties. It'll be in the several million. And for what? American hubris.
TEHRAN (Reuters) - President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad said on Wednesday that some countries had offered to provide Iran with uranium enriched to 20 percent for use as nuclear reactor fuel, the official IRNA news agency reported.
EDITORS' NOTE: Reuters and other foreign media are subject to Iranian restrictions on their ability to film or take pictures in Tehran. Iran's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad waves as they wait to start an official meeting in Tehran September 29, 2009. REUTERS/Raheb Homavandi
Iran has always insisted on its right to carry out its own enrichment of uranium for a nuclear program which it says is for purely peaceful purposes, mainly to generate electricity. It rejects Western suspicions its real aim is to build an atomic bomb, which would require uranium enriched to around 90 percent.
“There have been some proposals by individual countries and groups of countries. We are ready to hold talks with anyone interested. Our experts will soon start talks with those sellers,” Ahmadinejad said.
They said Iran could also buy nuclear fuel from the United States, its old enemy. “We want to buy fuel. We can buy it from anywhere and America can be a seller,” ISNA news agency quoted them as saying.
Uranium enrichment is at the heart of a long standoff between Iran and the West, which took a new twist last month when Tehran disclosed the existence of a previously secret underground enrichment plant near the holy Shi'ite city of Qom.
Diplomats say it did so after learning Western intelligence services had discovered the site.
Russia stepped into the debate on Wednesday, urging countries not to jump to hasty conclusions about the newly revealed plant and saying Iran was showing signs of cooperation with inspectors.
Russia's Foreign Ministry complained of media speculation surrounding activities at the site. “We are convinced that hasty conclusions on this score will not benefit the objective assessment of the situation,” it said in a statement.
DIVERSION CONCERNS
Western concerns center on the possibility that Iran could accumulate supplies of enriched uranium and divert them from its civilian program in order to build a nuclear warhead.
To address this, Western diplomats say Iran agreed in principle at talks last week in Geneva to send about 80 percent of its stockpile of low-enriched uranium to Russia and France for processing. It would then be returned to Tehran to replenish dwindling fuel stocks for a reactor in the capital that produces isotopes for cancer care.
Ahmadinejad made no mention of Iran sending its uranium abroad for further enrichment. So far no purchasing agreement had been finalized, they said.
“Representatives of some countries have said that France is ready to provide nuclear fuel for the Tehran reactor ... they (France) should officially propose it, then we will review it,” state broadcaster IRIB quoted the president as saying.
IRNA quoted Ahmadinejad as saying last week's talks with six world powers — the United States, Russia, China, Britain, France and Germany — in Geneva “were constructive and a positive step forward.”
The talks are expected to win Iran a reprieve from tougher U.N. sanctions, although Western powers are likely to be wary of any attempt by Tehran to buy time to develop its nuclear program.
Iran also agreed with the six powers in Geneva to allow access for inspectors of the International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) to the newly disclosed nuclear site at Qom.
Iran's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad arrives for an official meeting with International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) Director General Mohamed ElBaradei in Tehran October 4, 2009. REUTERS/Raheb Homavandi
Subsequent talks with IAEA Director General Mohamed ElBaradei in Tehran on October 3 and 4 sent out a positive signal from Tehran, the Russian Foreign Ministry said.
“We see this as an instance of practical implementation of the agreements on strong cooperation between Iran and the IAEA in clarifying the circumstances of the construction,” it said.
World powers at the next round of talks aim to press Iran for a freeze on expansion of enrichment as an interim step toward a suspension that would bring it major trade rewards. Iran has repeatedly rejected such demands.
Recently, across my news feed, there was a cartoon from Dr. Laura Schlessinger's Facebook page, with the caption, "The mother and daughter-in-law can never be equal, nor should they strive to be." Dr. Laura went on to say that there's a hierarchy, and that the MIL is the queen, and the DIL the princess, and the problems arise when the princess attempts to dethrone the Queen. That's my summation, anyways. (You can find it here, and let me know if you read it differently.)
Honestly, reading that made me wonder how close Dr. Laura is to becoming a MIL herself, because I just can't imagine why else she'd be spouting such crap.
The idea that when a woman marries, they should accept, and bow to, their MIL being a higher rank than her?
No. Just... no.
I find it wholly repugnant that Dr. Laura would encourage young women to view their MILs as having power over them like this. MIL may be queen of their own castle, and that's all well and good. But their son's home ISN'T their castle. They don't, and shouldn't reign there. That's for their son and their wife. They are in control of their lives, and the very idea that simply because the MIL is older, and therefore assumed to be wiser and more mature, is ridiculous at best, and downright damaging at worst.
First of all, everyone involved is an adult. This makes them peers. No longer is the parent-child dynamic in play... or at least, it shouldn't be. Adults are presumed to be independent, capable of decision-making, and no longer in need of active, hands-on parenting.
If your adult child still needs you to be able to manage, then I would suggest that something is very wrong. It's one thing for someone to seek advice from another adult. That's totally normal, be it a parent, a best friend, boss or co-worker. When someone is unable to make decisions without handholding, there's a problem. When turning to parents before, or instead of, their spouse, there's a massive problem.
Second, why on Earth would any woman believe that they must give up their power, their independence, to be a second fiddle in their own family? Who the heck would want to sign up for a lifetime of that? Of someone else having the ultimate authority in their home, that doesn't even live there?!
Third, to what extent does the queen in this situation reign? Do they get final decision in career choices, moving, children, parenting? I was under the impression that adults had the freedom, and the right, to make those choices for themselves. The idea that someone else gets a vote in how another couple runs their home, their marriage, their family gives me the flat-out willies.
I do agree on one thing, however...
MIL and DIL are not equal. They each have very different roles, and that is how it should be. MIL had their years as the primary female in their son's life. That time ends when a DIL comes along. Never again should the MIL be the primary female in their life, when they have a spouse.
A man who's unable, or unwilling to make that switch of loyalty, from their family of origin (FOO) to their family of creation, that of their spouse and children, is not being a good husband nor father. The role of being a 'son' should no longer be the top priority.
Any mother who has not encouraged that growth in their son, during their raising of him, has willingly attempted to damage him, to stunt them for their adulthood, and ought to be ashamed of herself. She's put their concerns, or fears of losing their primary role in their son's life ahead of their well-being and happiness. Them selfish concerns are damaging to their adult child, and any relationship they may have in the future, unless he's able to make these changes on their own, despite their interference.
Facebook, the biggest social network on the planet with more than a billion users, seems to want to know even more about you. More precisely, Facebook seems to want to track you at all times.
At least that's the gist of a report from Bloomberg that came out on Monday and says that Facebook is working on a smartphone application that would track users' location even when the app isn't opened. According to this report, the app itself would be used to track a user and alert them whenever friends are nearby but the actual use of the app is so that Facebook can serve you localized ads.
Facebook has been struggling for a long time with their mobile strategy and this app, if it actually comes to market, is just the latest effort by the company to try and monetize its huge user base and mobile presence.
The social network has already come under heavy attack amid privacy concerns for its users and launching an app that continuously tracks users' location is definitely not going to help. Similar products from Apple and Google have failed to gain any widespread adoption due to the same privacy concerns Facebook will now face.
According to Bloomberg the app is set to be released sometime in March of this year though an exact date has yet to be set.
Source: Bloomberg
(CNN) -- At least 43 people were killed and 117 wounded in a blast during Friday prayers at a mosque in Pakistan's Khyber Agency, a government official said.
About 300 people were at the mosque when the blast went off, officials said.
The incident occurred in the village of Ghondi in Khyber Agency.
It's one of the seven districts of northwestern Pakistan's volatile tribal region bordering war-ravaged Afghanistan.
Khalid Kundi, a senior Khyber official, said the bomber blew themselves up in the courtyard of the mosque with 8 to 10 kilograms of explosive material.
One worshipper said the blast was so loud, they passed out.
"When I stood up, I saw dead bodies and injured people everywhere," Hikmat Ullah Afridi said.
CNN's Nasir Habib contributed to this report.
Now, more than 80 years after the famous "Scopes Monkey Trial" in Tennessee, creationism proponents are pushing for state legislation there that could make it easier for teachers to bring unscientific ideas back into the science classroom in public schools. To bolster their cause, the backers of the new bills are invoking none other than teacher John Scopes, the trial's pro-evolution defendant, as an icon of independent thinking.
"…[T]oday's evolutionary scientists have become the modern-day equivalents of those who tried to silence Rhea County schoolteacher John Scopes for teaching evolution in 1925, by limiting even an objective discussion of the scientific strengths and weaknesses of evolutionary theory," David Fowler, head of the Family Action Council of Tennessee and chief lobbyist behind Tennessee's proposed anti-evolution bill, wrote recently in an op–ed in the Chattanoogan.
Scopes had been charged with violating the Butler Act, which prohibited the teaching of evolution in public schools. Thus, creationists say, they certainly would have supported a law that encouraged the teaching of all sides of "controversial issues"—such as the bill some are working to pass in Tennessee as part of a post–intelligent design (ID) campaign to teach the "strengths and weaknesses" of evolution. If adopted, this language would send a positive message to teachers inclined to introduce creationism and ID into the classroom when discussing biology and the origins of life.
Trouble in Tennessee
Following the drubbing they received in the constitutional test case of Tammy Kitzmiller v. Dover Area School District in Pennsylvania five years ago (which kept explicit teaching of intelligent design, or ID, out of public schools) creationists shelved the ID language—at least publicly—and shifted their approach. More recently, they have tried to codify versions of the "strengths and weaknesses" language in states across the country—an effort that has so far met with limited success. The closest that creationists came to getting such terminology on the books was in 2008 in Louisiana, where an initial "academic freedom" bill included the phrase, but was replaced with more watered-down language that nonetheless left the door open to teaching creationism, some science educators say.
Texas's State Board of Education (SBOE) tried to preserve ambiguous language in its science curriculum in 2009. (The wording had been on the books since the 1990s, having originally been inserted as a compromise to appease creationists.) But after religious conservative members of the board were unable to garner majority support, they dropped it in favor of phrases, albeit also dubious, that included the statement students should "analyze and evaluate the sufficiency of scientific explanations concerning any data of sudden appearance, stasis and the sequential nature of groups in the fossil records."
The home state of the Scopes Trial is now on the verge of adopting the "strengths and weakness" language with the February 8 introduction of House Bill 368 (pdf). A week later, its identical counterpart, SB 893, was introduced in the senate. Whereas similar bills in Oklahoma and New Mexico have already perished in committee this year, observers are watching Tennessee's developments warily.
"The fact that it's moving so quickly is a matter of concern," says Josh Rosenau, a spokesperson for the National Center for Science Education, a watchdog organization that monitors attacks on classroom teaching of evolution. "There appears to be some momentum behind it, which suggests it could pass."
Strengths and weaknesses
As with other anti-evolution bills, the Tennessee legislation does not actually mandate the inclusion of creationist or ID teachings. Rather, it says that educators may not be prohibited from "helping students understand, analyze, critique and review in an objective manner the scientific strengths and scientific weaknesses of existing scientific theories covered in the course being taught."
As in the Louisiana law, those theories can include "biological evolution, the chemical origins of life, global warming and human cloning." The bill goes on to say that this only applies to scientific information, and is not "to be construed to promote any religious or nonreligious doctrine."
On the surface, the language looks like something that all scientists would gladly embrace: Promote critical thinking? Certainly! But opponents of the legislation say that the bills' backers' intent is instead designed to undercut the teaching of evolution and open doors to creationism and intelligent design.
As with other anti-evolution bills, Tennessee's seems to be based on sample legislation written and promoted by the pro-ID Discovery Institute.
Sponsor Rep. Bill Dunn (R–Knoxville) said Fowler submitted the legislation to them in early February. The latter's organization is associated with James Dobson's conservative Christian Focus on the Family and advocates for "biblical values" and "godly officials."
Dunn could not explain why a Christian organization would be pushing legislation that supposedly has nothing to do with inserting religion into science class. They referred the question to Fowler.
Fowler, who would not say whether they are a young earth creationist ("I think that's irrelevant," they noted), said they are trying to correct the "dogmatic" presentation of science in the classroom. "This is about open discourse," they said, adding, "Good education requires critical thinking."
Fowler has spoken with members of the Discovery Institute—he would not say specifically whom—and said they drafted the Tennessee bill based on sample legislation the Institute created.
Dunn explains: "We've reversed the roles of the Scopes Trial. All we're saying is let's put all the scientific facts on the table."
Dunn said the bill would not allow the teaching of intelligent design. But in their Chattanoogan op–ed piece Fowler specifically says it would protect a teacher who wanted to teach the concept, which a federal court ruled unconstitutional in Kitzmiller v. Dover.
"The bill is likely to result in significant violations of students' and parents' First Amendment rights," says Hedy Weinberg, executive director of the American Civil Liberties Union of Tennessee. "It is not necessary; and it threatens to undermine science education across the state, endangering the educational and employment futures of Tennessee's students as well as the state's own economic and job prospects."
With 60 percent of U.S. public high school biology teachers already shying away from evolution in the classroom, according to the results of a recent Pennsylvania State University survey, these anti-evolution bills send a warning message to ambivalent teachers to avoid the subject, Rosenau said.
Separation of church and state
While the fight heats up in Tennessee, anti-evolution battles continue in other states.
Next month, Texas's SBOE will begin the four-month review process of "supplemental materials," which will be used in place of costly new science textbooks. The creationist sympathies of several members of a board-appointed volunteer review panel have raised questions about whether the SBOE intends to use these additional publications to eventually open a door to creationism and ID-friendly materials into the classroom.
Meanwhile, in Louisiana a 17-year-old Baton Rouge Magnet High School student has begun a long-shot campaign to get lawmakers to repeal the state's anti-evolution law. Zack Kopplin has lined up support of one senator, who has said they are willing to introduce the legislation. Gene Mills of the Louisiana Family Forum (also affiliated with Focus on the Family) said they welcome the attempt. "It's healthy to have discussions," Mills says, "but I don't think it's going anywhere."
Forty years after Scopes was found guilty for teaching evolution, they mused about an alternative outcome for their case if it had gone to the Supreme Court: "The Butler Act was an effort on the part of a religious group, the fundamentalists, to impose by law their religious beliefs on the rest of society. Our Founding Fathers, acquainted with the bloody religious wars in Europe, had written into the Constitution the right of religious freedom and had further provided, by means of the doctrine of the separation of church and state, that no religious group should control or unduly influence any arm of secular government. I believe that had we reached the Supreme Court we would have been victorious on this issue."
A Tennessee House subcommittee hearing for the state's "strengths and weaknesses" bill was continued from last week to give expert witnesses on both sides time to prepare. The hearing will resume Wednesday.
"now learned that the decision could come next week." Who will play Spider-Man in Captain America: Civil War? That's the question everyone is asking and it's the biggest mystery since...er, the time we all wondered who would play Doctor Strange! After reports yesterday that Tom Holland, Matthew Lintz, Charlie Rowe, and Charlie Plummer are the final four in the running to play the next Peter Parker, Deadline has tonight weighed in with a report that might provide some clarity on when we'll hear some solid news. Despite not knowing who the frontrunner is, they've
And that's it! That's our big update for the weekend. In all seriousness though, this comes from a reliable source, so even just this small titbit of information may clear things up a tad. Whether Marvel will choose to announce who's playing Spider-Man after choosing the actor remains to be seen of course, but there can't be much longer to wait now. Who do you hope they cast?
Outgunned, outmanoeuvred, hopelessly outnumbered and besieged in the Afghan desert, a small band of British soldiers chose to save a final bullet for themselves rather than fall into Taliban hands.
For nearly two months, the 88 men of Easy Company – a mix of Paratroopers and the Royal Irish – had faced the overwhelming force and firepower of up to 500 Taliban determined to over-run the remote Helmand outpost of Musa Qala.
And their near miraculous survival has been described as a latter day Rorke's Drift, evocative of the 1879 siege in which 140 British soldiers held off a Zulu force of 3,000, later immortalised in the blockbuster film starring Michael Caine.
For 56 days in the autumn of 2006, the men at Musa Qala faced constant fire from fixed machine gun posts and mortars.
Hugh Keir, left, and Jared Cleary, right, were two of the Easy Company snipers under constant attack for two months at the remote Helmand outpost Musa Qala
Hungry and frequently at the point of exhaustion, they were forced to somehow fend off 360-degree attacks from the Taliban, with little protection beyond a series of low mud walls.
They used up a quarter of all the British Army's Afghan ammunition for that entire year.
Yet today their heroism remains little known, not least because the Ministry of Defence has never permitted the full story of what happened there ten years ago this month to be told.
It has taken a Channel 4 documentary team to piece together fragments of testimony from survivors who have now left the Army, to reveal in devastating detail how close the 88 officers and men came to being massacred.
They lost three men and saw 12 badly wounded before a ragged ceasefire was brokered by tribal elders, allowing them to evacuate their Helmand hell-hole. As with Rorke's Drift, the final, devastating assault somehow never came.
Their ordeal began almost immediately when, on August 23, Easy Company was dropped by Chinook to replace a mainly Danish Nato contingent struggling to bring stability and security to the remote region. It was a terrible start.
The Taliban watched in satisfaction as the Danes took with them more than 40 armoured vehicles, eight heavy machine guns and a 12-strong medical team with armoured ambulances.
Their British replacements had just two heavy machine guns, one doctor, two medics and a quad bike. When Taliban spies reported the huge reduction in armour and weaponry, the terror leaders scented an easy victory.
To make matters worse, the village was often too dangerous for helicopter support, and reinforcements – although it is still not entirely clear why – simply never came.
The 'miracle' survival of the 88 soldiers has been compared to Rorke's Drift, immortalised by the Michael Caine film Zulu, pictured, where 140 British soldiers held off 3,000 Zulu
Troop Staff Sergeant Ian Wornham listened with their Afghan translator to the enemy's radio communications. They recalled: ‘They were talking about drinking tea in our headquarters by sunrise – which meant they were going to kill anyone in their way.'
Or worse. There was, after all, the prospect of being taken alive, with beheadings later broadcast on YouTube.
Sniper Jared Cleary said: ‘It came to a point I actually thought I was going to have a nervous breakdown.
'I swore I was going to get hit by a mortar bomb. I remember standing there, my legs shaking uncontrollably.
'If you got caught, you'd probably end up on YouTube having your head cut off. Everybody knew that the possibility of getting captured and executed was very real.'
Initially, Taliban tactics resembled scenes from Rorke's Drift as they tried to over-run the compound in a series of full frontal attacks.
They came so close to breaking in that they were able to lob grenades over the walls of the compound.
Wornham, a veteran with 20 years' experience, said: ‘I'd never encountered fighting like that. It was very intense and it wasn't just from one direction. They were attacking from all sides – all the time.'
Sergeant Freddie Kruyer of 3 Para continued: ‘You're returning fire but for every one that you're knocking down, you're thinking how many more are going to keep coming up?
‘You're not dealing with a conventional enemy. So I thought, well I've got the bullet with my name on it that I'm going to fire at myself if it comes to it.'
To be blunt, their chances seemed slim. ‘We were totally alone. It would have been very easy to lose the entire compound with us in it,' said commanding officer, Paratroop Major Adam Jowett.
Part of the reason for that was the parlous state of Easy Company's defences. They were based in a low-walled compound that Jowett says was ‘not a defensive position in any sense at all'.
The former Grenadier Guard who'd switched to the Paras and saw service in Kosovo and Sierra Leone, says: ‘I'd worked in compounds in the Middle East, in Africa and for the UN and I had a concept of what a compound is. Good walls, security – there was very little of that in Musa Qala.'
A British mortar team are pictured in action trying to fend off Taliban attacks
With no help coming from headquarters, Easy Company's survival depended on the skill of the mortar team, led by Corporal Danny Groves, of the Royal Irish, who was ordered to aim for insurgents just over the walls while avoiding their brothers in arms defending nearby positions.
Because they were taking so many casualties thanks to the accuracy of Groves and their team's mortar fire, the Taliban changed tactics and began attacking at long range with mortars, rockets and sniper fire – with deadly results.
Easy Company's first fatality was 22-year-old Lance Corporal Jon Hetherington, a signaller with the Paras.
On August 27, a Taliban bullet found the narrow gap between their body and their armour. They died instantly.
‘He was right next to me on the headquarters roof,' said Jowett, who heard the desperate cry ‘Man down' and knew the Taliban had scored their first victory.
But there was no time to mourn. ‘It was strange. We knew that they were dead but we knew that they were all right, if that makes sense, in that we would get them out of Musa Qala. We went straight back up on the building and continued the fight.'
Wornham says: ‘You have that initial thought of: Why Jon? Why did they die? But you have to get on with it.
'You can't stop and cower in a corner. You take the fight to them. It's what's instilled in you as a Paratrooper.'
Less than a week later, on September 1, the Taliban scored a second hit. Fijian-born Royal Irish Ranger Anare Draiva and their colleague Lance Corporal Paul Muirhead headed for observation duty on the rooftop of the building the men called ‘the Alamo'.
Just after they had taken up their position it took a direct hit from a mortar.
Draiva died and Muirhead suffered devastating injuries. It was several hours before it was safe enough to call in a helicopter to evacuate them to British Army HQ Camp Bastion from where they were flown to hospital in Oman. They died five days later.
Machine-gunner Paul Johnstone said: ‘Every time you went in one of the observation posts it was highly likely you were going to get hit.
‘You had a high chance of getting injured and dying.'
In the words of fellow Royal Irish Ranger Phillip Gillespie: ‘It was ferocious fighting. It was death round every turn. You know you could have died at any moment.'
Food was running low, and the men prepared for the worst. Yet, against all odds, Easy Company continued to resist. The Taliban's response was a firestorm of rockets and mortars.
Even in this tale of 88 heroes, the story of Cleary and their compatriot Hugh Keir, a platoon sergeant with experience in Northern Ireland and Iraq, is extraordinary.
They were the ones who had to stay on exposed rooftops closing down attacks.
‘We were the vulnerable ones,' said Keir.
‘We were putting ourselves on the line but we also knew it was for a good reason. We'd have a little ritual.
'We'd just look at each other and give an understanding nod. “Are you ready?” “Yeah ready.” Because it could be the last time we'd go out and do this.'
When more ammunition and fresh reinforcements arrived for the Taliban on September 11, boosting the enemy's strength to 500, it looked like the battle would be lost.
Yet what happened next took everyone by surprise. Both sides were preparing for the final, overwhelming attack.
Lance Corporal Jon Hetherington, pictured, was the first casualty of the Taliban attack
Yet it was an attack which never materialised. And for this, the troops could thank the local elders.
Such had been the Taliban's losses that, having seen their town virtually destroyed, the elders persuaded the fighters to call a ceasefire.
So it was, that on September 13 Jowett, a married man with two children, found themselves leaving the compound to meet the enemy face to face – not knowing if it was a trap. ‘And we just thrashed it out in the middle of town with a growing crowd around us.'
Easy Company remained in the compound for another month until, on October 14, the elders provided a convoy of cattle trucks to give them safe passage to a rendezvous with two Chinooks.
The battle of Musa Qala was over.
Yet while Rorke's Drift has been immortalised in film and resulted in 11 Victoria Crosses, Musa Qala has been reduced to a controversial footnote in the history of the Afghan conflict.
It does not serve Whitehall well for details of such a poorly resourced mission to be revealed.
Steve Humphries, the award-winning producer who has painstakingly put the jigsaw of pieces together for broadcast a decade later, says: ‘It's a shocking account of what was supposed to be a peaceful mission to help bring security and stability to the region.
‘The British Government underestimated the backlash that the arrival of British troops would bring.
‘Theirs is a story of extraordinary courage that has never been told in full. These ex-soldiers who fought at Musa Qala have come forward. They want the truth to be heard.'
Serving soldiers have been banned from participating and the Government has refused access to factual information.
In February this year the Taliban recaptured the dusty little town from Afghan army forces.
