Update: Duqu Trojan programming language identified
The Duqu Trojan, referred to by some as Stuxnet 2.0, was partly written using an unknown programming language. The payload DLL, which communicates exclusively with the Command and Control (C&C) server so that the worm knows what to do once it has infected a system, has code that doesn't resemble anything seen before. While security researchers have worked out what the mystery code does, they aren't sure about the syntax.
Some parts of it, including those for downloading and executing additional modules, were written in standard C++, but a big chunk of it was not. This particular section contains no references to any standard or user-written C++ functions, and may have been created by a different programming team. Security firm Kaspersky says the unusual code is unique to Duqu: many parts are directly borrowed from Stuxnet, but this one is new. The company has named it the Duqu Framework, and has noted that it is not written in C++, Objective C, Java, Python, Ada, Lua, and many other languages it checked. Unlike the rest of Duqu, it also wasn't compiled with Microsoft's Visual C++ 2008. All we know is that it's object-oriented.
The sophistication of the worm is one thing, but the fact that an entirely new programming language may have been created for it, points to some seriously deep pockets backing the project. Security experts have suggested that a state must have been involved in its development, and Kaspersky CEO Eugene Kaspersky supports this speculation on Twitter:
The mystery of #Duqu framework http://bit.ly/w5BrzP
Here is what Kaspersky was able to conclude in its analysis:
The Duqu Framework appears to have been written in an unknown programming language.
Unlike the rest of the Duqu body, it's not C++ and it's not compiled with Microsoft's Visual C++ 2008.
The highly event driven architecture points to code which was designed to be used in pretty much any kind of conditions, including asynchronous commutations.
Given the size of the Duqu project, it is possible that another team was responsible for the framework than the team which created the drivers and wrote the system infection and exploits.
The mysterious programming language is definitively NOT C++, Objective C, Java, Python, Ada, Lua and many other languages we have checked.
Compared to Stuxnet (entirely written in MSVC++), this is one of the defining particularities of the Duqu framework.
"After having performed countless hours of analysis, we are 100% confident that the Duqu Framework was not programmed with Visual C++," writes Kaspersky Lab Expert Igor Soumenkov. "It is possible that its authors used an in-house framework to generate intermediary C code, or they used another completely different programming language. We would like to make an appeal to the programming community and ask anyone who recognizes the framework, toolkit or the programming language that can generate similar code constructions, to contact us or drop us a comment in this blogpost. We are confident that with your help we can solve this deep mystery in the Duqu story."
The blog post from Kaspersky Lab is already filled with comments guessing at the possible programming language used. Check them out for yourself: The Mystery of the Duqu Framework. One comment from user As400tech, who registered their account with Kaspersky Lab today, looks particularly promising:
That code looks familiar The code your referring to .. the unknown c++ looks like the older IBM compilers found in OS400 SYS38 and the oldest sys36. The C++ code was used to write the tcp/ip stack for the operating system and all of the communications. The protocols used were the following x.21(async) all modes, Sync SDLC, x.25 Vbiss5 10 15 and 25. CICS. RSR232. This was a very small and powerful communications framework. The IBM system 36 had only 300MB hard drive and one megabyte of memory,the operating system came on diskettes. This would be very useful in this virus. It can track and monitor all types of communications. It can connect to everything and anything.
Duqu was first detected in September 2011, but Kaspersky Lab believes it has seen the first pieces of Duqu-related malware dating back to August 2007. The Russian security firm also notes Duqu, like Stuxnet before it, is highly targeted and related to Iran's nuclear program.
Update: Duqu Trojan programming language identified
See also:
Gov. John Hickenlooper said today they will call a special session to deal with civil-unions and other bills killed in the aftermath of a night-long power struggle between Republicans and Democrats on the House floor late Tuesday.
“I spent a long time in restaurant business,” an emotional Hickenlooper said in a Capitol corridor filled with reporters, lobbyists, staff and onlookers. “A lot of people who helped us create that business didn't have the same amount of rights as everybody else.
“I had a call yesterday from one of them just to ask, ‘If not now, when?' “
More than 30 bills died on the calendar Tuesday night, forcing lawmakers today on what is the last day of the session to figure out what can be salvaged. A special session would cost taxpayers $23,500 per day, according to the Legislative Council.
Hickenlooper said their staff would decide Thursday what bills still needed to be addressed in the special session, which can touch on multiple subjects. But the call would likely be to address bills dealing with public safety, economic development and water projects.
And “certainly” civil unions, they said.
“I think our goal is to make sure we do everything we can to try to make sure there is a fair, open debate on the floor of the House and the Senate,” the governor said, “that the issue gets discussed and that we allow people the chance to vote on it and that we move this entire state forward to make sure, as Martin Luther King said, ‘The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends toward justice.' “
Hickenlooper's staff said the special session could begin as early as Friday but might begin on Monday.
The Democratic governor said they told House Speaker Frank McNulty on Tuesday night that they might call a special session to address the issue.
The state Senate was working throughout the afternoon in an attempt to graft dead bills onto still-living ones.
“We'll try to be the adults in the building,” said Senate President Brandon Shaffer, D-Longmont, “but we won't be able to save everything.”
Shaffer said lawmakers are particularly concerned about a bill that funds $20 million in water projects this year statewide and a school discipline measure.
But the demise of civil unions has upset Republicans and Democrats alike. One Colorado, the largest gay-rights group in the state, immediately began soliciting donations in preparation for the November elections.
House Republicans filibustered in committee and on the floor Tuesday before McNulty , R-Highlands Ranch, called a two-hour recess. When they returned around 11 p.m. it was to announce an impasse, which meant the death of the civil-union measure although the votes were there to pass it.
Supporters in the gallery were livid and chanted, “Shame on you! Shame on you!”
By law the session must end by midnight tonight. Bills can't be debated and voted on within the same 24-hour period, which is why civil unions needed to be heard on the House floor Tuesday.
Mario Nicolais, spokesperson for Coloradans for Freedom, the GOP group formed solely to push for the passage of civil unions, watched the defeat in agony. As a Republican, and an admitted hard-core partisan, Nicolais said they are concerned about the fallout in November.
Republicans have a one-seat edge in the House and are trying to win back the Senate from Democrats.
“I'm more concerned about the Republican majority in the fall than I am about civil unions passing,” Nicolais said.
“Civil unions will pass at some point. That's going to happen. But I think people are going to very upset at how this happened. I think it's going to resonate and I worry about that as a Republican.”
In fact, One Colorado started a fundraising drive Tuesday night.
“Although November seems far away, our work to change the legislature starts today. And you can be a part of electing a pro-equality majority,” the e-mail said. “With a gift of $25, $50, or $100 — you can have a huge impact on electing pro-equality lawmakers in November. Click here to make your contribution.”
The bill's death also infuriated Tim Gill, a Democrat gay activist who has used their immense wealth to champion gay causes and get liked-minded candidates elected to state legislatures across the country, notably in Colorado.
“It is unfortunate that Republican leaders chose to ignore the many personal stories of committed, loving couples who simply want to be treated fairly under our laws,” Gill, of Denver, said today in a statement. “Using parliamentary gimmicks to kill the civil unions bill does not represent the Colorado that we all know and love.”
But Alan Philp, former director of the Colorado Republican Party, said they believe the fallout will actually be against Democrats for pushing a divisive social issue instead of focusing on jobs and the economy.
They said that's what happened to Colorado Republicans in 2004 when, with Gill's help, they lost control of the legislature for the first time since 1962. Republicans won back the House in 2010.
Lynn Bartels: 303-954-5327 or lbartels@denverpost.com
Easy forms in React Native with Redux-Form
The key features implemented with redux-form
Sebastian Balay Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 7, 2017
For those coming from an Angular background, developing forms in React may take longer than before, and even more so in React Native.
ngFormController is, in my opinion, one of the best parts of Angular and here is why:
Sync validations are easy to accomplish using built-in directives (ng-min, ng-max length, ng-pattern, etc) even if you are developing your own validators.
are easy to accomplish using built-in directives (ng-min, ng-max length, ng-pattern, etc) even if you are developing your own validators. Async validations can be created with almost no overhead using directives and ngModelController.
can be created with almost no overhead using directives and ngModelController. The validation state and form state are updated out of the box and you can access them in the view through CSS classes or in the controller using ngFormController properties.
and are updated out of the box and you can access them in the view through CSS classes or in the controller using ngFormController properties. Although it may not be a ngFormController feature, updateOn and debounce properties of ng-model-options and ngModel parsers and formatters let you control how your form components behave after user interaction.
The good news is, for those using redux, someone has already focused their time on making form development easier and created the amazing tool redux-form. This post presents an insider look at how to develop forms in React Native just like in the good old days when ngFormController would take care of all the hard work.
Redux
For those who are unfamiliar with Redux check out the following articles to get started:
Redux Form
Here's a brief intro to redux-form, from the official docs:
Redux-form primarily consists of four things:
1. A Redux reducer that listens to dispatched redux-form actions to maintain your form state in Redux.
2. A React component decorator that wraps your entire form in a Higher Order Component (HOC) and provides functionality via props.
3. A Field component to connect your individual field inputs to the Redux store.
4. Various Action Creators for interacting with your forms throughout the application.
Summing up, the library includes a HOC to wrap our form and a Field component to wrap our form elements. These two together can provide a similar form workflow as ngFormController and ngModelController leaving you stress-free!
Here we will discover how redux-form will help you with the following form-related features:
Form and form components state
Sync validations
Async validations
Control user interaction
Boilerplate
We will need to create a wrapper around TextInput to use with the redux-form Field component. Our wrapper will execute callbacks and use values provided by redux form to properly track and update the form element state.
The callbacks we will use are provided in the input prop to our wrapper: onBlur, onChange, and onFocus. These allow a proper track of the elements states, which is also provided in the meta prop. With that in mind, our current code should look similar to:
Last but not least, this wrapper component will be used inside a form. That form should use the Field component and the higher order component from redux-form. Here's a quick example:
Form and components state
The form state attributes will be available as props of the component handled to reduxForm HOC, while the elements' state will be provided by the meta prop in our wrappers handled to the Field component. That being said, we can quickly tweak our basic examples to provide some info about the current state:
Sync Validations
Simple validations can be added to the form in two different ways: a validate function for the entire form and/or validations per field.
Form level validation can be accomplished by providing a validate function to redux-form HOC. That function will receive the forms values and component props as arguments, and should return an object indicating error messages for each field (a field without an error message is considered valid):
On the other hand, field level validations are available using to validate prop of the Field component
After setting proper validations, we can start adding proper styles and error warnings in our inputs using the meta prop. Some useful values include:
meta.valid : true if the field value passes validation (has no validation errors)
: true if the field value passes validation (has no validation errors) meta.active : true if the field currently has focus.
: true if the field currently has focus. meta.dirty : true if the field value has changed from its initial value.
: true if the field value has changed from its initial value. meta.error : the error for this field is if its value is not passing validation.
: the error for this field is if its value is not passing validation. meta.visited: true if this field has never had focus.
By default, redux-form will not allow submissions if the form is invalid.
Async validations
To set up async validations per field, redux-form provides the following options for the HOC:
asyncValidate: a function that takes form values and the changed field and returns a promise that will resolve if the validation passed and will be rejected with an object with errors for each field otherwise.
a function that takes form values and the changed field and returns a promise that will resolve if the validation passed and will be rejected with an object with errors for each field otherwise. shouldAsyncValidate : a function that returns true if an async validation should continue or be interrupted. Receives an object as an argument that will let you customize this behavior
: a function that returns true if an async validation should continue or be interrupted. Receives an object as an argument that will let you customize this behavior asyncBlurFields: Which fields should trigger an async validation when blurred
By default, the asyncValidate will be executed after any field is blurred and before submitting the form. To change this behavior you can use asyncBlurFields to trigger to validate only after specific fields or implement shouldAsyncValidate to completely customize the execution of the asynchronous validation.
The following example triggers the asyncValidate only when the email field is blurred:
Control user interaction
In order to customize the user input, there are 3 value lifecycle hooks that we can use: format, parse, and normalize.
Format allows you to alter the value from the Redux store to be displayed in the field input. Parse will alter the value obtained from the view to save it in the store. And, normalize will let you alter the field value based on the values of the form.
The hooks must be used at field level:
You can use these examples to create your own form components like checkboxes, radio buttons or selects, redux-form is very useful with those as well.
The Televisor sample pack you have all been waiting for has finally arrived! The Monstercat signed duo fully taps into their expertise of the nu disco, funky house, and indie dance genres to bring producers a diverse collection of sounds to work with. Televisors passion for music runs deep, and it definitely shines through in this one of a kind sample pack. The expertly produced sounds contain a large assortment of arps and leads, funky guitar riffs, live played bass samples, outrageously funky synth bass, drum one shots, organic sounding drum loops, fx, keys & piano, music loop, stabs, and much more! The samples in this pack serve as the perfect sound palette for producers looking to explore that Nu Disco/Indie Dance/French House sound. The musicloops serve as creative building blocks for kick starting your tracks. Use the loops by themselves or throw them into your favorite slicer to from new patterns and bring them to new life. The large assortment of one shots compliment the loops very well and will appeal to both beginners and advanced producers. Some bonus MIDI files have also been included for extra versatility. Overall this pack is chalked full of sounds that are guaranteed to provide you with the inspiration you have been looking for. Do not miss out on this absolute gem of a sample pack!
Sample pack download contains
40 Arps and Leads
39 Synth Bass Loops
39 Moog Bass multisamples
9 Live played Bass Loops
52 Full musicloops
41 Synth musicloops
24 Disco one shots
48 Guitar Loops and Riffs
43 Guitar Chords
47 Piano & Rhodes Loops
13 Piano Chords
22 Claps
28 Crash
43 Hihats
40 Kicks
40 Perc
48 Snares
33 Full Kit drumloops
19 Hihat loops
23 Percussion Loops
16 Toploops
28 FX
17 MIDI files
Contains 752 24-bit WAV & MIDI
UNZIPPED: 1.06 GB ZIPPED: 932 MB
For over two years Televisor have been releasing records on multiple labels and
have a solid catalogue of original releases. Televisor have achieved over 15 releases
with Canada's biggest dance label “Monstercat” who have over 3.19 million
subscribers on YouTube. Over the years the boys have built a strong connection with
their fans through Monstercat, allowing them to grow a strong and loyal fan base for
their music and building an impressive presence on Spotify with 8 million streams so
far and over 11 million on YouTube
https://soundcloud.com/televisormusic
Team SoloMid's Trump on RNG, Goblins vs Gnomes legendaries and why Hearthstone isn't chess
Trump had just finished eating a slice of pizza with Hafu and their friends when I saw them sitting outside of the convention, no doubt talking about Hearthstone. Just an hour or so earlier I was watching them and Hafu explain why paladin curves often get cluttered at 4 manas at their "How to be an arena master" panel. Being a long time fan of their stream, I sat them down for a couple of questions.
We're here at Blizzcon 2014 with none other than Trump himself, the Mayor of Valuetown. How has it been, man?
It's been great. I actually had a meet up with fans, and I have something to show you.
Oh, this should be great. I can't wait to see this.
*Shows Mayor of Valuetown name plaque*
Well, there you have it. That is indeed the Mayor of Valuetown. I expect to see this on your stream.
I will make some use of it for sure.
You know, speaking of Valuetown; Goblins vs. Gnomes. I would have never predicted it, but now that I see it, it makes perfect sense. What's your first impression of the new expansion?
Well, I mean, the first impression with almost any expansion is just, “Oh, boy, there are new cards” and that's pretty much everyone's reaction—they really like to see more cards. This one has, I'm not going to say any mind-blowingly good or bad or strange cards, but they're just solid cards. I like, in particular, the piloted ones that were shown off so far, because they bring a little bit of Arena into Constructed. In Arena, you have to think on your feet, and when you're playing this piloted card—which summons a random 2-mana or 4-mana minion—you're going to have to get into situations that you don't often get into. That'll be where the “think-on-your-feet” Arena skill comes in, I'd say.
Constructed players often have the luxury of basically knowing every card in their opponent's deck, and they've been in that situation dozens of times. But of course, in Arena, you don't know what they're going to play. One card that we know you've already taken a liking to be Sneed's Old Shredder, right?
That's right.
Tell us about that card. Honestly, it does seem like one of the most powerful Legendaries in the set.
Okay, well I'll talk about the Deathrattle, which is summoned a random Legendary minion. Barring a few other abilities, I have to imagine that that's one of the strongest card techs in the Game. As it turns out—and I've done the math, because I like doing this type of stuff—it turns out the average Legendary is a 5/6 with severe upset, because there's all of these cool Deathrattles like Sylvanas, Cairne, Kel'Thuzad, and Sneed's Old Shredder. If you get any of those, then you're really good, and if you just get, like, a random 8/8 Alexstrasza, even if you don't get the Battlecry, you know, it's still an 8/8. So that's one of the biggest Deathrattles I anticipate will be in most Control decks. Maybe it'll replace the Ysera in Control Priest, it'll find a place in Control Warrior; it's amazing. It's weak to Silence, but that's about it.
And I don't see any other card you would rather pick in an Arena deck, either. If you were given the choice, I can't think of any Legendary that you'd pick over it.
I think that's a really good point. It's really strong. It probably is on par, if not better than, all of the top Legendaries like Ragnaros and Cairne.
On that topic, we've already had some knee-jerk reactions to the set. A lot of people are saying, “Oh my gosh, more RNG? That's what makes Hearthstone the hardest to play” What do you think of this set's theme of Goblins, Gnomes, and randomness?
Ben Brode actually had a panel about the expansion, and had a chart about how, basically, this game shouldn't quite be chess. And I agree, because, if you want to play chess, go play chess—chess is a fine game. But a game like Hearthstone should naturally come with randomness, because without randomness, you can just cold-calculate the result of each game, and that's not quite the flavor [of Hearthstone]. Ben Brode called it a “high-skill, high-luck” game —like poker, for example—where the way that you play will really influence the decision of the game. Another thing that they told me was that, if you match up a guy like Kolento against a new player and give them all the same cards, Kolento still wins 99.9% of the time.
Back to the randomness, let me do another side tangent on the Shaman class. One of the reasons that Shaman is really cool is that, whenever you press that Totem button, you have to consider all of the scenarios which could happen: one-fourth chance of this, one-fourth chance of that, etc. And then you have to actually think about, okay, if this happens, I do this, but if that happens, I do that. That's where the randomness is really lovely, because it throws in that “thinkon- your-feet” thing, so you have to think through a lot of different plans. So, knowing that something is going to happen, in some ways, tests a different skill, and the randomness actually introduces more of that different skill to the game.
Also, Ben said that these specific cards were released because they are more flashy, so I would expect the rest of the set to not have as much randomness. So, I don't have a problem with it; and even if I did have a problem with it, the rest of the set won't have as much [randomness].
That's a very practical look at it, because, yes, chess is out there, it already exists.
It's a good game! Play it!
So, one of the last questions that's been on everyone's mind, and has been a hotly debated topic in the last couple of days. Trump; Gnomes or Goblins?
Well, you should expect my answer to be Gnomes, as I appreciate the scientific rigor of the Gnomes over the impulsive, explosiveness of the Goblins. I, as a Control player, side much closer with the Gnomes, and their research and ingenuity—nothing wrong with Goblins; they take the ingenuity in different directions, but, you know, I prefer fewer explosives.
Alright guys, there you have it: Trump is on the side of the Gnomes. You know, I think most people have been siding with the Gnomes.
Oh, man, if you'd told me that, you know, maybe—*laughs*. I appreciate the Goblins, too—in some ways, I'm neutral, like sometimes you just throw bombs around and good stuff happens.
So maybe you could say that the Goblins are the “high-skill, high-luck” characters, as they rely on the variance that “this might explode” Trump, now that you are officially the mayor of Valuetown, is there anything that you'd like to say to your citizens?
Yeah, this Blizzcon, I really appreciate all of the citizens of Valuetown meeting up with me. It turns out that they're nice people, and they're really uplifting, and I really appreciate meeting everyone. It's been a great con!
Jeffrey "Trump" Shih is an American Hearthstone player for Team SoloMid.  They are one of the most active Hearthstone streamers and known for their precise arena drafting and superb card evaluation. Check out their stream at twitch.tv/trumpsc
President Trump returned to Twitter on Monday night to continue their four-day campaign against NFL players taking a knee during the national anthem, claiming there has been a “tremendous backlash” following Sunday's widespread show of solidarity on the sidelines by players, coaches and some team owners.
Tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country.#StandForOurAnthem🇺🇸 — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 25, 2017
In one of a new series of tweets, Trump criticized players for “disrespect of our Country.” Monday night's output followed a similar set of tweets on Monday morning, during which Trump praised football fans who booed NFL players taking a knee during the national anthem on Sunday.
“These are fans who demand respect for our Flag!” Trump said, also asserting that only a “small percentage” of players knelt.
Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday (which was a small percentage of total). These are fans who demand respect for our Flag! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 25, 2017
The president also praised NASCAR supporters and fans, saying they were with him, and denied that their stance has anything to do with race.
“It is about respect for our Country, Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this!” Trump said in another tweet.
The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race. It is about respect for our Country, Flag and National Anthem. NFL must respect this! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 25, 2017
Their comments followed a remarkable Sunday during which players at games across the country locked arms, knelt or stayed in the locker room during the anthem in a show of solidarity. Several team owners also participated.
At a political rally in Alabama on Friday, Trump demanded that NFL owners “fire or suspend” players who kneel during the national anthem, using a profane term to describe players who do. They have also called for fans to boycott games if the form of protest continues.
[In showings of protest and solidarity, NFL teams respond to Trump's criticisms]
In the first of their Monday tweets, Trump referenced the stance of several owners at a NASCAR event held in New Hampshire. They made clear that drivers and others could be fired if they don't stand during the national anthem.
President Trump gestures after getting off Air Force One in Bedminster, N.J. last week. (Photo by Mandel Ngan/Getty Images)
“So proud of NASCAR and its supporters and fans,” Trump said on Twitter. “They won't put up with disrespecting our Country or our Flag — they said it loud and clear!”
When they returned to Twitter on Monday night, Trump also took issue with a CNN report that said their chief of staff, John Kelly, was not pleased with Trump's fight with the NFL.
General John Kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) September 25, 2017
In a tweet, Trump said Kelly “totally agrees w/ my stance” and called CNN “Fake News.”
The network interviewed Kelly, who said they are "appalled” by what they see as a lack of respect for the flag and national anthem. But CNN said Kelly declined to comment about Trump's decision to press the issue as they have in recent days.
So my latest barracks is built in the center of my new arena, for obvious reasons.
To train shields, armor, and probably dodge, the entire area is lined with 1x wooden training spears spike traps, and the lever is set to repeat.
knocks the rust off fast, let me tell you - and any pets as well, aww.
since i have seen no form of training other than individual, this at least raises defense while dwarves train fighting and weapons.
This setup has run for less than a season, and already I see results. The "Danger Room" promises legendary shield skill in little time,
based on initial results.
note from another thread- do not use wooden menacing spikes for this.
I am also at near-optimum armor on all melee dorfs, dunno if you want to try this in iron, but be my guest.
Now to see which happens first- a siege, or my near-seasonal crash.
Standing in the middle of the Malvern Community Recreation Centre, Mayor John Tory and councillor Josh Matlow squared off on the transit that Scarborough residents deserve. Moments earlier, Matlow rose from their seat in the back of the gym-turned-meeting-space and told the approximately 30 residents there for a public consultation that they were being shortchanged by Tory's preference to build a one-stop subway extension to the Scarborough Town Centre.
Mayor John Tory and Councillor Josh Matlow argue about transit planning. ( JENNIFER PAGLIARO / TORONTO STAR )
“Unless you live right next to the Town Centre, you're going to be left on the bus for much longer,” said Matlow, who has been critical of the lack of information to justify the subway and has advocated for a network of LRTs that have already been studied and approved. “The way that council can actually support your interests to move forward with funding transit is to spend every dollar wisely on as many stops as possible rather than having a simple subway versus LRT debate,” they said Wednesday night. As the room applauded, Tory and local councillor Neethan Shan looked on from their seats near the front of the room.
Article Continued Below
City staff were hosting the first public consultation on the Eglinton East LRT, a plan recently revived that would extend from Kennedy Station along Eglinton Ave. and up Morningside Ave. to the University of Toronto Scarborough campus. Council has approved the one-stop subway extension of the Bloor-Danforth line — what was modified from a three-stop plan introduced under mayor Rob Ford. In 2013, council flip-flopped on transit plans to replace the aging Scarborough RT, killing the fully-funded, seven-stop LRT that would have run in the same corridor as the SRT. That LRT would have served twice as many people and stopped at the edge of Malvern. It was planned to be extended to the Malvern Town Centre. Earlier city studies show the LRT would have halved the current commute from Malvern Town Centre to Kennedy Station. The subway saves only eight minutes on the same commute. Last year, city staff presented a modified plan meant to increase the amount of new transit for Scarborough. Then-chief planner Jennifer Keesmaat told council they could eliminate two of the subway stops to pay for the Eglinton East LRT. But as costs for the subway ballooned to $3.35 billion, that part of the plan has eaten up almost all of the $3.56 billion currently available.
Today the $1.67-billion Eglinton East LRT line remains mostly unfunded and is competing with other transit projects like the downtown relief line — which the TTC says is a top priority — for federal and provincial funding. At the meeting, city staff presented possible alignments for extending the Eglinton East line between 4.2 to 4.7 kilometres to reach the Malvern Town Centre. They are considering six stops, which are not funded as part of the current proposal before council.
Article Continued Below
As staff wrapped up questions at the meeting, Tory got up to speak, chastising Matlow for “injecting” what they called “one-sided” politics into the meeting and blamed earlier terms of council for changing their minds on transit plans. The subway, they said, would be an “excellent long-term investment.” Afterwards, the mayor exchanged words with Matlow among the mingling crowd, criticizing the councillor's speech. “I simply got up to respond to say there is another point of view and these meetings aren't meant to be political debates,” Tory continued in a scrum with reporters, saying they got up to speak only because Matlow did. Matlow told reporters they were simply sharing information with the city's residents where it has been lacking. “This is my city. These residents deserve to know the facts. These residents deserve to have better transit. I believe I'm within my bounds and I think it's important that people know the truth,” they said. Residents who attended the meeting said they remain worried the promises of new transit will never come to fruition. “They show us these great, glossy pictures, everything looks so wonderful and it never happens,” said Felicia Samuel, who is running as the Ontario NDP candidate for Scarborough-Rouge River.  They are also a member of the Connect Sheppard East advocacy group that has been pushing for third LRT line promised by the province that appears to be in limbo. “Since I was a kid, nothing's changed. That's a problem. And to be honest, I think I'm going to die and nothing will change.” Raylene Hunt, who was raised in Malvern, said they spend an hour and 40 minutes each way commuting downtown at least twice a week — much of it on the bus. They praised the plan for a subway extension because it would mean fewer transfers then the trip they take today. “Convenience is one thing I'm looking for,” they said, adding they want new transit to be more reliable than the creaking SRT has been.
Read more about:
Research has revealed that more than 15 percent of the presidential hopeful's followers are likely fake and are generated by paid services that artificially inflate social media influence.
The study was conducted by security provider, Barracuda Security, which analyzed about 70,000 fake Twitter accounts, as well as public figures who may be engaging in the shady act of buying followers.
@MittRomney stood out for several reasons: most of the followers are new, the user-base experienced an insane spike of 150,000 followers on a single day in July, and 1 in 4 of the politician's followers have never sent a single tweet.
A single dealer would have the capacity to control upwards of 150,000 Twitter accounts.
These paid services are part of a thriving underground market. The report uncovered 20 sellers on eBay and 58 websites out of the Google Top 100 search results that sell fake Twitter profiles. Search for “buy Twitter followers,” and you'll quickly find hundreds — if not thousands — of services offering to to set you up with a large following.
This news follows Twitter's recent crackdown on services like TweetAdder, TweetBuddy, and other spammers that track trending conversations and purposely inject marketing materials.
“Our engineers continue to combat spammers' efforts to circumvent our safeguards, and today we're adding another weapon to our arsenal: the law,” Twitter said in a blog post this spring.
Buying a following on Twitter is certainly against the terms of service, but it remains to be seen whether the social networking giant will play hardball against the growing army of social media dealers.
Photo: Maria Dryfhout/ Shutterstock.com
An Ohio state trooper who admitted to masturbating with a preteen boy will apparently avoid professional consequences, as well, after prosecutors declined to charge them in the case.
In an about-face, the Ohio State Highway Patrol said it would not investigate claims that Trooper Ricky Vitte Jr. watched pornography with the 12-year-old and masturbated in the same room as the boy to help teach them about sex, reported the Sandusky Register.
The trooper's wife, who has taken out a protective order against Vitte, said their husband had admitted to masturbating twice with the boy five years ago.
Vitte claimed they and the boy could not see each other because of a dresser in between them.
Prosecutors announced last month they would not charge Vitte, who was charged 10 years ago with domestic violence after spanking their then-girlfriend's 5-year-old son until their buttocks bled to punish the boy for wetting the bed.
A public affairs commander said Friday that the highway patrol was continuing to look into the claims and the investigations completed by the Sandusky County sheriff's office and the Department of Family Services.
Other representatives dodged questions about the investigation until Tuesday, when a top official said the highway patrol knew nothing about the allegations against Vitte.
“No complaint or allegation of misconduct concerning Trooper Vitte has been received by the Ohio State Highway Patrol,” said Joseph Andrews, communications director for the Ohio Department of Public Safety, which oversees the highway patrol. “No criminal charges have been filed in the case that precipitated the placement of Trooper Vitte on administrative duty.”
Vitte was briefly placed on administrative leave in November while the case was investigated.
Andrews said previous statements about a highway patrol investigation of Vitte were inaccurate, saying authorities there had never received any information to prompt such an investigation.
Sandusky County Prosecutor Tom Stierwalt declined to bring the case before a grand jury, arguing that Vitte could have provided an explanation to justify their actions with the boy.
The prosecutor also has refused to provide details about their conversations with Vitte or their attorney, who has worked on another case with the deputy who investigated the claims against the trooper.
That sheriff's deputy never interviewed Vitte, who fled in their state-owned cruiser when the investigator came to their house to discuss the allegations.
Vitte refused to talk to the deputy after the pursuit ended.
[Image: Policeman getting out from car on Shutterstock]
Why Can't a “Law-Abiding Citizen” Carry Ricin?
By Elliot Fineman
NGVAC CEO
Part of the IT'S THE GUNS, STUPID Series
“Law-abiding” citizens have the right to carry guns to defend themselves” is the meme that drives our gun laws. Relying on this meme, laws have been passed that allow concealed and open-carried guns in public places ranging from restaurants, bars and movies, to churches and offices. Georgia's “Guns Everywhere” law is the most extreme law a state has ever passed, ironically after one of the nation's biggest gun violence incidents, at Sandy Hook elementary school in late 2012.
Here in Illinois, Circuit Judge Richard Posner cited the rights of law-abiding citizens to self-defense in overturning Illinois' ban on concealed weapons–yet the Supreme Court's 2008 Heller decision never mentions the individual's right to carry a gun for self-defense–only to have it in the home. Nor does the Second Amendment mention “self-defense” or even “firearms.” Clearly, judges themselves have bought the “meme.”
The insanity of our guns laws is demonstrated by a conversation I had with someone after a talk I gave who did not agree that we need better gun laws. I asked them if they were familiar with ricin, a substance that is so poisonous that a dose the size of a few grains of table salt can kill an adult human. They said yes they are.
Well, I said, I am a law-abiding citizen and under the Second Amendment I have the right to carry ricin to defend myself and my family. The Second Amendment doesn't say anything about guns or firearms–it just mentions “arms” and, according to the United Nations, there are at least 33 different types of arms. What do you think about me carrying ricin for self-defense, I asked.
The gun advocate said they did not feel too good about it because it was “pretty dangerous and you could kill a lot of people.”
In point of fact, in the U.S., ricin is so controlled that scientists must register with Health and Human Services before they can possess it to use for their research. A Mississippi man was recently sentenced to 25 years in federal prison for mailing ricin-tainted letters. Would anyone in the U.S. tolerate “law-abiding citizens” carrying ricin–even if there were a lucrative ricin lobby pushing universal ricin carrying like there is for guns? Would anyone tolerate citizens carrying ricin if it were responsible for 30,000 U.S. deaths a year?
I often end my talks about the need for sane gun laws in the U.S. by saying there is one country where the government imposes no gun regulations. People can have all the weapons they want and take them anywhere whether they are criminals, mentally ill, have vendettas, have no training or are children. The government never gets in the way of their “gun rights” or imposes gun laws or restrictions. That country is Somalia.
***********************************
NGVAC's 90 minute, bi-monthly radio show, IT'S THE GUNS, STUPID, airs every other Thursday at 6 PM Eastern Time on 1480 WPWC in Washington, D.C., an AM station that also covers northern Virginia and southern Maryland and reaches nearly 600,000 social media members. The show may be viewed live on the YouTube We Act Radio channel and heard on WeActRadio.com (“Listen Live”), and on Androids or IOS smartphones (TuneIn>Search>”We Act Radio”). Highlights of the show, the complete show and previous shows are posted on the NGVAC website.
Share Pin +1 0 Shares
Tags: Bill Moyers, Chili's, Cliff Schecter, Emily Miller, fear, federal laws, Jeanne Bishop, MSNBC, R.J. Eskow, Second Amendment, victims
Liverpool are set to reveal the long-awaited plans for an expanded Anfield on the last weekend of April, prior to the visit of Chelsea.
EXCLUSIVE, BY ALEX MILLER
Officials close to Liverpool recently suggested the date had slipped back by a few days to 26th or 27th April – nothing to be concerned about, these things happen – otherwise we would already have been able to see the plans by now.
Liverpool appointed highly-respected London-based architects KSS to work on the stadium redevelopment plans – the same company that oversaw the design of executive areas at the City of Manchester Stadium in 2002, the Chelsea Village at Stamford Bridge and the company behind the designs of the proposed new stadium for Tottenham.
The designs – when they are unveiled – will detail the club's plans to increase the capacity of the famous stadium to 58,500 in two stages.
An expanded Main Stand is the club's priority but Liverpool will also seek planning permission to refurbish the Anfield Road end – however that stand is viewed as the second phase of building work, which will only begin once the Main Stand has been completed.
Sources close to the project say that the current seated section of the Main Stand will remain, with the old roof being removed.
Two new tiers will be added meaning the Main Stand becomes one huge three-tiered stand with a capacity of over 20,000. The Anfield Road Stand will simply look like a bigger version of the current one.
The Liverpool City Council document, called the ‘Anfield Spatial Regeneration Framework', confirms that the Main Stand will become the biggest stand in the ground, eclipsing The Kop, which has a capacity of 12,390.
The same sources also believe that the new stands will not look out of place, in other words they will sit neatly alongside the two stands that will remain unchanged – The Kop and Centenary Stand – rather than stick out like a sore thumb.
This is very believable when you bear in mind the excellent way in which John Henry redeveloped and knitted together the old and new buildings at Fenway Park, the spiritual home of their beloved Boston Red Sox.
So rest assured, the new-look Anfield will retain its distinct character and thankfully the stadium won't end up looking like it came flat-packed from Ikea.
In addition, the atmosphere at Anfield will be retained as the distance from the pitch will be unchanged. We also know that all extension and redevelopment work will go on around the current stands, so that fans will not be prevented from attending due to a reduced temporary capacity. Another plus of working this way is that the club won't miss out on crucial match day revenues.
While on the subject of revenues, Liverpool have comprehensively ruled out selling the naming rights to Anfield.
Again for clues, look across the pond and consider how John Henry approached the stadium expansion in Boston. They have constantly resisted the urge to enter a naming rights deal on Fenway Park, considered to be the most historic stadium in baseball.
Naming rights haven't happened at Fenway and they won't happen in L4 even though companies would be very eager to spend millions of pounds to splash their brands across both grounds.
However, sponsorship deals for the naming rights to the new Main Stand and Anfield Road Stands as individual stands are under discussion. Although club officials insist that finance for the expansion projects aren't in any way dependent on them.
Out of interest, leading sports marketing experts suggest that naming rights for the two stands could generate as much as £3-5million a year for Liverpool, which would represent welcome additional revenues, alongside the increased revenues from the additional 14,000 fans who will soon be able to attend match days.
Liverpool's current match day revenues are in the region of £45m a year, but the new stadium is likely to boost that figure considerably towards the likes of Arsenal who currently generate a whopping £92m a year from the Emirates. In the age of FFP that will prove critical to a resurgent Liverpool.
We eagerly look forward to the visit of Jose Mourinho's Chelsea but equally so, we look forward to seeing the stadium plans, which will represent a glimpse into the future of our great club, one that looks increasingly ready to sit back on our perch.
Image caption Former Apple boss John Sculley said they enjoyed a great working relationship with Steve Jobs during 'the good times'
Apple's former chief executive John Sculley is perhaps best known as the man who first mentored and then clashed with Steve Jobs, leading to the late co-founder's exit from the firm in 1985.
Mr Sculley was ultimately forced out themselves by Apple's board in 1993. Since then they have been an active investor and director in several tech companies including Audax Health.
They attended this year's Consumer Electronics Show to promote the firm's Careverge healthcare social network and its young chief executive who they now advise.
"Because of their experience at Apple and Pepsi they have been able to help me as a founding CEO... they have been fundamentally critical to changing the business and we've built a fantastic relationship as a result of it," Audax's founder Grant Verstandig says.
According to Steve Jobs' biographer, Walter Isaacson, Mr Sculley and Mr Jobs' relationship also started off well.
But as the book makes clear neither man emerged untarnished from their subsequent falling out - something the BBC put to Mr Sculley.
You haven't read the biography - but you have discussed it with people who have. Some people have said neither you nor Mr Jobs come out particularly well from the book - do you have concerns about it?
When the Macintosh Office was introduced in 1985 and failed Steve went into a very deep funk. They were depressed
I haven't really thought about it too much because I know what went on back in the 1980s because I was there.
It's ironic that neither Steve Jobs nor I have read the book but I've seen interviews that Walter Isaacson has given and they seem to be very credible.
I think they captured Steve in the really good greatness of him, and from what I've heard from people who have read the book Walter Isaacson cleared up some of the myths - that I never really did fire Steve Jobs and that Apple was actually a very profitable company.
When I left Apple it had $2bn (£1.3bn) of cash.
It was the most profitable computer company in the world - not just personal computers - and Apple was the number one selling computer. So the myth that I fired Steve wasn't true and the myth that I destroyed Apple, that wasn't true either.
A lot of things happened after I left before Steve came back.
From reading the book there is a sense that when Steve Jobs spoke to you they would say everything you wanted to hear, but then behind your back they were highly critical of you. To what extent was they difficult to manage?
I think Steve and I had a terrific relationship when things were going well. They were really interested in consumer marketing because they believed that the future of the personal computing industry was about marketing computers the way we marketed big brand consumer products - Pepsi and Coke.
Image caption Mr Jobs (left) had wanted to lower the price for the Macintosh - Mr Sculley disagreed
I was brought to Apple not because I knew anything about computers - building them - but because the company had to keep the Apple II commercially alive, it was near end of life, for three more years to generate enough cash so that Steve could build the Macintosh and have time to do that and launch the Mac successfully.
So during that time Steve and I got along great.
When the Macintosh Office was introduced in 1985 and failed Steve went into a very deep funk. They were depressed, and they and I had a major disagreement where they wanted to cut the price of the Macintosh and I wanted to focus on the Apple II because we were a public company.
We had to have the profits of the Apple II and we couldn't afford to cut the price of the Macintosh because we needed the profits from the Apple II to show our earnings - not just to cover the Mac's problems.
That's what led to the disagreement and the showdown between me and Steve and eventually the board investigated it and agreed that my position was the one they wanted to support.
Ironically it was all about Moore's law and it wasn't about Steve and me. Computers just weren't powerful enough in 1985 to do the very rigorous graphics that you had to be able to do for laser printing, and ironically it was only 18 months later when computers were powerful enough that we renamed the Mac Office, Desktop Publishing and it became wildly successful.
It wasn't my idea, it was all Steve's stuff, but they were just a year and a half too early.
Walking around CES it's apparent that smartphones and tablets are everywhere. You pioneered Apple's Newton handheld which was later killed off by Mr Jobs after their return. What do make if that decision now?
Healthcare has been the last major industry that hasn't been touched by technology in terms of productivity and consumer adoption in the way so many other industries have
Well the facts are that we had to create a new microprocessor for the Newton as there was no low-powered microprocessor that could handle object orientated programming.
So when we were creating Newton we also co-founded a company called Arm.
Apple owned 47% of it, Olivetti owned 47% and the founder Hermann Hauser owned the rest.
Arm not only was the key technology behind the Newton but it eventually became the key technology behind every mobile device in the world today including the iPhone and the iPad.
The Newton was clearly much too ambitious just like Steve's Macintosh Office was a year and a half too early.
Newton was probably 15 years too early. I'm not a technologist. I didn't have the experience to make that judgment but we were I think right on many of the concepts.
The product clearly failed in terms of taking on such an ambitious goal. I think in hindsight there is a lot of good legacies there with the Newton.
Even if the product itself never survived the technology did.
Despite your problems in Apple you have remained active in the tech sector. Why do you remain so attached to it?
I never claimed to be a computer engineer, but I did train as an industrial designer and I am a consumer marketer and I am very comfortable dealing with complex businesses and complexity in general and simplifying it - basically a systems designer.
So what intrigues me about the businesses that I have invested in over the years is always about there has to be a better way of doing something and using technology as the game changer.
Image caption Mr Jobs returned to Apple in 1996, and remained there until their death in 2011.
The area I am particularly excited about now is healthcare. Healthcare has been the last major industry that hasn't been touched by technology in terms of productivity and consumer adoption in the way so many other industries have.
While I'm not bringing any technology experience to the healthcare industry, I do see some similarities between what I was asked to do when I came to Apple, which was to bring big brand consumer marketing to Apple and carry it over to the whole Silicon Valley industry - because everybody does that today - well that same opportunity exists today in healthcare.
Health innovation enabled by digital technologies to build big consumer service brands, is an incredibly interesting complex problem to work on.
Audax is really the first social health company and it's focused on consumer engagement in the healthcare space bringing in a lot of the social media technologies and experiences that have been learned from companies like Facebook and Zynga and others.
When I started working with Steve Jobs and Bill Gates they were 27 years old. Grant Verstandig, the founder and CEO of Audax health solutions, is 23 year old. And it couldn't be done by somebody my age. It has to be someone who has grown up and understands and whose brain is wired differently to mine.
How much have you invested in this project?
I can say it's over $1m, so I look at this as a significant investment and I am actively involved as an advisor. In my experience there is a very thin line between success and the failure of almost any company. So what a mentor can do is to be an advisor and help the CEO have higher odds of being on the success side of the line than the failure.
Image caption Mr Sculley has now turned their attention to working with entrepreneurs including Mr Verstandig
Apple is not at CES. But many of the keynotes have centred around the launch of new Smart TVs and the innovations behind them. Do you have any thoughts about how Apple should fit into this sector?
I remember that Walter Isaacson said that Steve told them before they died that they had figured the problem out of how to do a great TV experience.
I think that Apple has revolutionised every other consumer industry, why not television?
I think that televisions are unnecessarily complex. The irony is that as the pictures get better and the choice of content gets broader, that the complexity of the experience of using the television gets more and more complicated.
So it seems exactly the sort of problem that if anyone is going to change the experience of what the first principles are, it is going to be Apple.
Monte Sobretta (3296 m) raises above Santa Caterina Valfurva, in the Lombardy province in the Italian Alps. You cannot miss it from the village; you see it as a huge massive which raises above the village in the southwest direction.
[Entre dos aguas]
Coordinates
Latitude: 46.397987 (46° 24′ 0″) N.
Longitude: 10.437796 (10° 26′ 0″) E.
Altitude: 3296 m (10814 ft).
Access roads
There are two direct approaches to the point from where the normal route starts. From the south, you have the road from Ponte di Legno which goes over the nearby Gavia pass. From the north, this is the access from the Santa Caterina village.
From the village you just follow the signs toward the Gavia pass. Very soon you will be zigzagging through the forest and when you are above the tree line you will see a U-turn with a big table on the right where you have a map of the area. The parking is on the left side of the road just before the bridge. This start point is at around 2300 meters above the sea level.
In the map below you can see the start point at the Gavia road, and the route roughly depicted:
The route
The height difference from the parking to the summit is around 1000 meters. From the main road, you continue by following a path along the valley in the southwest direction.
There are no fixed chains, ropes or cables, no glacier or snow on the route in the summer time. The route is always mild and pleasant, no exposed sections of any kind.
At some point, you will see the sign towards Sunny Valley. In some maps, it is marked as a rifugio (refuge), but in fact, this is a very attractive restaurant at the end of the lift lines from the Valfurva valley. It is at some 2600 meters above the sea level. You can go this way if you want, but if you prefer solitude and not to see lifts around, just continue in the same southwest direction.
Very soon the route will turn northwest and you will be enjoying views with meadows around you. There is a nice water stream on your left and you will follow it for an hour or so. Pizzo Tresero is in sight all the time in the east direction.
When you reach a plateau at around 2700 meters, you will see lifts in the distance, and you will turn westward. The path is clear, there are cairns and marks, so the orientation is never a problem, but the summit cross is not visible.
The final slope below the summit is a bit steep but this is always just a walk up. There are no glaciers on the route but you will see one on the left, see the photo below.
Equipment
You do not need any special equipment to climb Monte Sobretta. Any hiking shoes or boots will be good enough. As always, I warmly recommend using a pair of trekking poles. Here is a short summary:
For the clothing in the Alps in general, please see my another text.
Huts and accommodation in general
If you continue up along the Gavia road you will arrive at Refugio Berni. It is directly on the road but this is a true mountain hut. You might want to know they have showers with hot water. Here I give two links for you, just in case: link-1, and link-2.
Very high on the route to Tresero you have a typical alpine refuge Bivacco Seveso. Yet another place where you can spend a night, though equally far from the road is Bivacco Battaglione Ortles, which is described in this site and which I warmly recommend visiting if you can. This is an exceptional place in every sense.
If you need a flat for vacations in this part of the Alps, please visit my another text.
My climb
I climbed Monte Sobretta in summer 2016 by following the route described above. It took me 4 hours in total, started at 6:40 am and I was on the summit at 10: 40. Nobody around all the time. It was the day after climbing Pizzo Tresero so I was not in the best shape, but I truly enjoyed the solitude of the climb and the beauty of the surrounding area. The weather was just perfect.
I spent a lot of time on the summit, enjoyed views, having some breakfast and taking a nap for some time.
On the way back I descended towards the Sunny Valley area. It was full of tourists and families with kids, no surprise in view of such a beautiful day. After having a coffee there I descended and soon was on the route which I passed in the morning. What to say more, just a perfect day in the Alps.
So this is what I had to say about this beautiful mountain. It was a perfect day, but it is not always so in the Alps. Read here about some other tour nearby, just across the valley.
Thank you for reading, it will be great to hear from you, there is a comment box below.
Determining your key performance indicators (KPIs) can be one of the most important things you do as a sales leader. These are the operating metrics to run your sales organization.
But before we jump into defining your sales KPIs, we have to make an important distinction between two measurements: metrics and activities.
A metric is a lagging indicator. Some examples include revenue, close rate, deal size and sales cycle length. These tell you what has already happened and how well you're doing. Activities, on the other hand, are leading indicators which are controllable behaviors that you believe will lead to the desired outcome.
For example Deal size is a metric. It's not a controllable behavior.
But there are controllable behaviors that would improve the likelihood of increasing that deal size metric, like VP-level conversations, ROI discussions and prospecting into larger companies. If increasing your deal size is a key company strategy this year, then you'll want to consider establishing activity metrics that align such as those referenced above.
Easy enough, right? Let's get started on finding the right sales KPIs for your sales team.
5 Steps for Identifying Sales KPIs
1. Define sales organizational structure
You can't set a single set of KPIs for your entire sales organization as they'll be different for each part of your team. So the first step is to draw out a rough organizational chart for the different seller positions within your sales organization.
Below is an example:
Do this for your own team so you understand where everyone fits within the sales process.
2. Develop your own hypothesis
As the person leading this initiative to define your company's sales KPIs — whether you're a VP of sales, front-line sales manager or sales operations person — you should create your own hypothesis for the right metrics and activities to measure your sales team by. You'll mostly keep this to yourself at first, but it helps to take a shot at it so you have a sense of what you're going for. So list out your ideas for each of the seller positions. In the sample org chart above, you would develop a unique set of metrics and activities for the Sales Development team, Inside Sales team, Field Sales team and Account Management team.
For example, you could hypothesize that the best metrics for your inside sales team are closed deals, deal size, and close rate, while the best activities are talk time, VP-level conversations and ROI discussions.
Remember, a hypothesis is just an educated guess. You don't need to spend an enormous amount of time on this. Just start somewhere, because the exercise will put you in the right mindset and help you to take the right actions for the rest of this process.
3. Interview team members
Now that you have your own hypothesis, it's time to see what the rest of your organization thinks.
Be sure to explain to your team members that you're really trying to define the critical metrics for the sales organization, and that this will be a combination of metrics (to measure how well you're doing) and activities (that measure how people are spending their time that will lead to your desired results). Getting people involved in this process creates intrigue, and ultimately, buy-in because they have already participated in the process. Even if their ideas weren't used, they were heard and considered.
Pull together one or two of each of the following people to conduct a one-on-one interview:
2 Top-performing salespeople
2 Middle-performing salespeople
2 Low-performing salespeople
2 to 3 Front-line sales managers
2 to 3 Executives (such as the CEO or COO and the VP of Sales / CRO)
For your top-performing sales reps, ask them which activities they're doing on a day-to-day basis that they think makes them so successful. Note that top performers tend to do things naturally and don't always really know what they're doing, so you'll need to probe a bit here. Also, ask for their perspective on what they think other salespeople on the team aren't doing enough and that would help them be more successful.
Interview your middle performers on what activities they think are most important that could help them get more sales. What do they wish they could do more often, but don't because of other distractions. Alternatively, you can ask what they see top-performing reps do that they have been struggling with.
Low performers can also help this process by having them identify what they think they need to be more successful. As with middle performers, asking these reps what they think top performers spend their time doing or do differently which can yield some insights.
For your front-line sales managers, asking what they think are the most important tasks their salespeople should be doing (besides closing deals) is a good place to start. You can also ask more specific questions, like what activities they think middle or low performers should be focusing more on.
Finally, interview a few of the executives in your organization who either have experience with sales or are familiar with your sales organization. Here you can focus on some higher-level questions, such as what are the behaviors they think salespeople in highly productive organizations focus on. Another great question here is to ask what kind of metrics they'd like to be able to show to board members or investors.
4. Identify metrics vs. activities
As you go through your interviews, make a list of each suggestion. You might end up with 20+ items on your list or just 10, but take each one and sort it into one of our two groups: metrics and activities.
You might find that your initial hypothesis is validated, or you might learn something new and important you didn't think about before.
For each sales team, you want to measure, use your judgment based on your hypothesis and interviews to select 3-4 activities and 2-3 metrics to focus on. Selecting too many measurements will result in a lack of focus. Don't overwhelm people with numbers and information — this process is supposed to help them prioritize and succeed.
Bring back a few of the people you interviewed before and present them with your refined list of measurements, as well as the ones you put to the side in case there are some strong reasons to re-prioritize. If the members of each team agree that the metrics and activities align with your sales process and current initiatives, then it's time to roll out the first version.
5. Roll out, measure, repeat
Once armed with the metrics and activities to measure your sales organization, you'll probably be excited to get this moving as quickly as possible. But keep in mind that this could be a big change for certain team members, so keep a pulse on your individual teams and check back throughout the implementation process. There's also software solutions out there that can help you go through this entire process and manage all the activity metrics over time, including our company, LevelEleven.
Once KPIs are rolled out, track their progress carefully. If you find that the metrics and activities you choose aren't making an impact on your sales organization, then it might be time to go back to the drawing board and try a few new ones (but don't get caught up in changing these too frequently, which would create a lack of consistency).
If you do see a positive impact on your sales organization — even if that just means a small boost in productivity from your middle performers — then congratulations! You are on your way to becoming a data-driven sales leader.
It's true, organizations decide to migrate to the cloud because they like the cloud's scalability, flexibility, performance, and security. But ultimately, the deciding factor is the cost savings that the move offers.
However, if an organization makes the move to the cloud and fails to understand the pricing mechanism or how to adjust it for their use case, they may end up paying the same as or even more than they did use a traditional infrastructure.
One reason for incurring extra cost is the underutilization and over-provisioning of Elastic Block Storage (EBS) volumes.
A good solution for this problem is to find and delete the unused EBS volumes.
In this article we will show you how to automate a process that will find the unutilized volumes and delete them.
An Overutilization Use Case
One of the key cloud storage offerings on Amazon Web Services is the EBS volume.
EBS offers persistent storage, and each EBS volume comes with a “DeleteOnTermination” flag that, if marked false, will not delete the volume on instance termination.
Take, for example, a use case of a company that has set up Auto Scaling and that is faced with a major outage with their database. The outage stopped their app server from working and it caused Auto Scaling, which had been checking the health of instances, to begin terminating those instances and start launching new instances.
This process continued for a few hours, resulting in the launch of more than 50 new instances. Each instance had an EBS volume of 200 GB and none of them were deleted on instance termination.
As a result, at the end of this outage, the organization had more than 10,000 GB of unutilized storage. These unutilized instances were costing an additional $1000 per month, without contributing to the organization's operations.
The Unutilized Volumes Solution
To solve a non-utilization problem such as the one described above, the extra volumes have to be deleted. Below, you can read more on how to write a script that will help automate the task of finding unutilized volumes (any volume in an available state) and deleting them.
Before you begin to delete any volumes though, it is necessary to verify which volumes are important and which ones are not.
If there is an important volume, you should create a backup with a snapshot. You can also assign a special tag for the volume, such as “DND” (Do Not Delete).
In the script demonstrated below, we are going to run a program which will find all volumes that are in an available, unattached state. That script will filter out the volumes with the “DND” tag and delete the rest.
One way to perform such a task is to write a program using the AWS Command Line Interface (CLI). Then make a script (.sh for Linux) that can be scheduled to execute using cron job.
Another solution is to use AWS SDK and schedule it using Cloudwatch triggers and execution by Lambda.
For this guide, we have written a code in Python that can be executed automatically using Lambda, that will remove any unutilized volumes.
How to Automatically Filter and Delete EBS Volumes with Lambda Functions and CloudWatch
Step 1: Get Started by Opening AWS Lambda
Step 2: Create a Lambda Function
Step 3: Click on the Empty Box and Select CloudWatch Schedule
Step 4: Schedule the Function by Specifying Cron Expression
Step 5: Assign a Role with Necessary Permissions
Step 6: Paste the Following Code Snippet After the Trigger is Created.
Code Snippet:
import boto3
ec2 = boto3.resource('ec2',region_name='us-east-1')
def lambda_handler(event, context):
for vol in ec2.volumes.all():
if vol.state=='available':
if vol.tags is None:
vid=vol.id
v=ec2.Volume(vol.id)
v.delete()
print "Deleted " +vid
continue
for tag in vol.tags:
if tag['Key'] == 'Name':
value=tag['Value']
if value != 'DND' and vol.state=='available':
vid=vol.id
v=ec2.Volume(vol.id)
v.delete()
print "Deleted " +vid
You can download the script here:
Important Note: This code searches only for “DND” and deletes remaining volumes that are in an available state. The code is written in Python, so do follow the indentation correctly.
Saving Costs by Using Automation
The script shown above can be scheduled and will help remove unutilized resources and eventually save money.
In the use case discussed above, the organization incurred a huge cost. After automation, they were able to save costs and avoid wasting resources and funds.
It is important to remember, that while automation will help reduce costs, data management will still be a challenge. Automation is the best way to reduce any manual errors, or dependency in deleting unutilized volumes.
Knowing the data life cycle and performing necessary checks on the process integration will let you get a good night's sleep knowing that you aren't paying for services you don't use.
FILE - In this Oct. 1, 2015, file photo, Bill O'Reilly of the Fox News Channel program "The O'Reilly Factor," poses for photos in New York. The ousted Fox News Channel star launched an experimental video comeback with a daily online show. The initial half-hour was posted Wednesday, Aug. 9, 2017, for O'Reilly's premium subscribers. (AP Photo/Richard Drew, File)
NEW YORK (AP) — Ousted Fox News Channel star Bill O'Reilly has launched an experimental video comeback with a daily online show.
The initial half-hour was posted on their website Wednesday for premium subscribers, originating from what they called a “new prototype studio.” They requested input from viewers for what they characterized as a “sneak preview.”
They said it would be made available to a non-paying audience on Thursday.
Among other topics, O'Reilly discussed President Trump's “fire and fury” comments about North Korea and a movement that calls for California to secede from the union. They spoke by Skype with political commentator Michael Smerconish.
O'Reilly has produced a daily podcast, which this video startup apparently builds upon, since they were fired from Fox News in April in the wake of allegations of sexual harassment.
Not to be confused with Republic of Madagascar
The Republic of Madawaska (French: République du Madawaska) was a putative republic in the northwest corner of Madawaska County, New Brunswick (also known as the "New Brunswick Panhandle") and adjacent areas of Aroostook County in the US state of Maine and of Quebec. The word "Madawaska" comes from the Mi'kmaq words madawas (porcupine) and kak (place). Thus, the Madawaska is "the country of the porcupine".[1] The Madawaska River which flows into the Saint John River at Edmundston, New Brunswick, and Madawaska, Maine, flows through the region.
History [ edit ]
The origins of the unorganized republic lie in the Treaty of Paris (1783), which established the border between the United States of America and the British North American colonies. As with several other disputed areas along the imprecisely defined border, the Madawaska area and the larger region of overlap between Maine and New Brunswick remained in dispute until 1842.
In 1817, a US settler, John Baker, arrived in the region. They made their residence west of the junction of the Meruimticook (now Baker Brook, after him) and Saint John Rivers. This area is now Baker Brook, New Brunswick.[2] Outside of the Madawaska settlement, hardly anyone lived in what is now Aroostook County. At the 1830 census, Madawaska settlement had a population of 2,487 people. Aroostook, with 261, and Houlton Plantation, with 576, were the closest settlements.[3]
In 1825, Baker petitioned the state of Maine for Madawaska's inclusion in the state. Believing fervently that the territory belonged to Maine, Baker became known as an agitator and provocateur toward the British government. In 1827, Baker provoked the New Brunswick authorities by attempting to stop the mail being sent by canoe from Madawaska to Quebec by the St.John River, by trying to get the French residents of Madawaska to reject British authority, by preventing a constable from carrying out an arrest, as well as other such defiance of British authority.
On July 4, 1827, John Baker held an Independence Day celebration at their house and invited all Madawaska settlers. At the time, 16 American families lived in the Upper Saint John River Valley,[2] as well as French settlers. At their event, Baker proclaimed the entire Madawaska Territory to be independent of all foreign jurisdiction and vowed not to acknowledge any other authority than the United States. A flag sewn by their wife, Sophronia (aka Sophie) Rice, was raised in salute of the new republic. The event was followed by an evening ball at which Baker announced another gathering on August 10 to consider ratifying a "Compact" government.[3]
Baker themselves prepared the Madawaska Compact, assisted by Steven Grover. It called for a pledge of mutual support and dispute resolution through elected arbiters without recourse to British authorities. The government was to be led by Baker as "General" of the Republic and two other men, Charles Stetson and James Bacon. The General was to be invested with special confiscatory powers. After one year of existence, the "counterfeit republic" was to apply to the State of Maine for annexation.[3]
On August 10, a local magistrate arrived to confiscate "the paper which had been offered for signature" and call for Baker's submission to New Brunswick's authority. Baker refused, arguing they were on American soil. Mrs. Baker raised the Madawaska flag, and the magistrate ordered Baker to take it down, to be met again by Baker's refusal. The magistrate departed, after which Baker traveled to Portland to ascertain from the governor and legislature the extent of protection the State would provide.[3]
After being away for a month, they returned and three days later, on September 25, was arrested before dawn under a warrant issued during their absence. They were charged with high misdemeanors and spent the next 13 months in the Fredericton jail.[3] Baker served the first seven months in jail because they could not afford both to post bail and, in a civil process, repay an overdue debt. In May, 1828, they were convicted by a jury "for violently opposing and resisting Their Majesty's authority and the execution of the laws in the upper part of the parish of Kent, and attempting to seduce Their Majesty's subjects there to depart from their allegiance to Their Majesty", fined £25 and jailed for two months unless the fine was paid. After two months, Baker still refused to pay the fine and was held in jail until October 21, when they did post bond to pay their fine before year-end.[2][3]
The Baker situation became an international incident, with President John Quincy Adams asking Secretary of State Henry Clay to investigate the matter. Once informed, Clay exchanged letters with the British government regarding Baker. Both sides acknowledged that the U.S. could not be culpable for Baker's agitations.[3] The events, however, did add impetus to the need to settle the boundary.
In 1831, Baker led an effort to create a township of Madawaska after the Maine legislature re-emphasized its claims to the disputed northern area. A warrant was issued for their arrest, but they avoided apprehension by fleeing into the woods and warning several neighbors, who joined them in taking cover outdoors. Nine years after that, in 1840, Baker was convicted and fined £20 for "having enticed several soldiers to desert from the detachment of the 58th Regiment stationed at Madawaska."[3]
After the undeclared Aroostook War (1838–39), the United States and the United Kingdom signed the Webster–Ashburton Treaty on August 9, 1842, finally settling the boundary question. One provision of that treaty appears to have applied in effect only to Baker and the estate of their neighbor.[4] The region was thus annexed to Canada East (now named Quebec) and following an arbitration period, was awarded to New Brunswick through the New Brunswick Boundary Act of 1851.
Today's influence [ edit ]
The Republic of Madawaska is still commemorated by some locals, who refer to themselves as brayons. A flag of the republic was created in 1938, bearing a bald eagle and an arc of six red stars on a white field. This flag flies at the city hall of Edmundston, New Brunswick, and at Madawaska festivals. The sitting mayor of Edmundston, the largest municipality in the region, also assumes the honorary title of "President of the Republic of Madawaska".
According to a pamphlet[citation needed] entitled "The Republic of Madawaska" and published at Edmundston, "The myth of the 'Republic of Madawaska' (because it is not a true Republic in a political sense) draws its origins from an answer given to a French official on a tour of inspection during the troubled times by an old Madawaska colonist. Thinking the official a little too inquisitive, they said 'I am a citizen of the Republic of Madawaska' with all the force of an old Roman saying 'I am a citizen of Rome,' and the pride of a Londoner declaring 'I am a British subject.'"[citation needed]
Canadian author Will Ferguson includes a chapter on "The Republic of Madawaska" in Beauty Tips from Moose Jaw: Travels in Search of Canada, their anthology of trans-Canadian vignettes.
Bicentennial version of the Madawaska Flag, with a porcupine.
The Saint John River with the New Brunswick-Maine border and the location of Edmundston.
The modern Madawaska County in New Brunswick.
1938 version of the Republic of Madawaska flag.
The Republic of Madawaska flag (left), flies along with the Acadian, New Brunswick and Canadian flags in downtown Edmundston, New Brunswick.
Notes [ edit ]
Coordinates:
The Obama administration Monday lifted a veil of secrecy surrounding the status of the detainees at Guantánamo, for the first time publicly naming the four dozen captives it defined as indefinite detainees — men too dangerous to transfer but who cannot be tried in a court of law.
The names had been a closely held secret since a multi-agency task force sifted through the files of the Guantánamo detainees in 2009 trying to achieve President Barack Obama's executive order to close the detention center. In January 2010, the task force revealed that it classified 48 Guantánamo captives as dangerous but ineligible for trial because of a lack of evidence, or because the evidence was too tainted.
They became so-called “indefinite detainees,” a form of war prisoner held under Congress' 2001 “Authorization for Use of Military Force.”
The Defense Department released the list to The Miami Herald, which, with the assistance of Yale Law School students, had sued for it in federal court in Washington, D.C. The Pentagon also sent the list to the House and Senate Armed Services Committees on Monday, a Defense Department official said.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Miami Herald
According to the list, the men designated for indefinite detention are 26 Yemenis, 12 Afghans, 3 Saudis, 2 Kuwaitis, 2 Libyans, a Kenyan, a Moroccan and a Somali.
Human rights groups denounced the existence of such a list.
Amnesty International's Zeke Johnson called “fundamentally flawed” the notion of classifying captives as indefinite detainees. “Under international human rights law,” they said, “all of the detainees should either be charged and fairly tried in federal court, or released.”
Human Rights First's Dixon Osburn hailed release of the list through the Freedom of Information Act: “It is fundamental to democracy that the public know the identities of the people our nation is depriving of liberty and why they are being detained.”
Some of the men on the list are among the prisoners currently on hunger strike and being force-fed at the prison, for example, Kuwaitis Fawzi al Odah, 36, and Fayez al Kandari, 35, and Yemeni Abdal Malik al Wahab, about 43, who in March, according to their lawyer David Remes, vowed to fast until they got out of the prison “either dead or alive.”
Two men on the list are deceased. Both Afghans, one committed suicide with a bedsheet in a recreation yard at Guantánamo's Camp 6 for cooperative captives and the other died of a heart attack, also in Camp 6. So now the 166 captives at Guantánamo actually include 46 indefinite detainees.
Two former CIA captives, held apart from the majority of Guantánamo's prisoners as “high-value detainees” are also listed as indefinite detainees: Mohammed Rahim, an Afghan man, and Somali Hassan Guleed.
All the other ex-CIA captives were designated for trial. Those include accused al-Qaida kingpin Khalid Sheik Mohammed, 48, and four alleged fellow conspirators in the hijackings that killed nearly 3,000 people on Sept. 11, 2001, who were in pretrial hearings at the war court this week. Also designated for trial was Abd al Rahim al Nashiri, 48, accused in the 2000 USS Cole attack that killed 17 American sailors, and, like Mohammed, facing a death-penalty tribunal.
Administration officials have through the years described a variety of reasons why the men could not face trial: Evidence against some of the indefinite detainees was too tainted by CIA or other interrogation torture or abuse to be admissible in a court; insufficient evidence to prove an individual detainee had committed a crime; or military intelligence opinions that certain captives had undertaken suicide or other type of terrorist training, and had vowed to engage in an attack on release.
In all, the list identifies 34 candidates for prosecution. Army Brig. Gen. Mark Martins, the Pentagon's chief war crimes prosecutor, said Sunday night that fewer than those 34 men will be prosecuted because of federal court rulings that disqualified “providing material support for terror” as a war crime in most if not all Guantánamo cases.
At Human Rights Watch, senior counterterrorism counsel Andrea Prasow called the list “a fascinating window into the Obama administration's thinking circa January 2010” but both flawed and somewhat irrelevant today.
“Many of the detainees designated for prosecution can only be prosecuted in civilian court,” they said. “So unless Congress lifts the restrictions banning their transfer they are effectively ‘indefinite detainees.' ”
They also noted that, since the list was drawn up, the Obama administration was reportedly considering transferring five Afghan Taliban to custody of the Qatari government in exchange for the release of U.S. POW Bowe Bergdahl.
The Wall Street Journal named the five men and all appear on the list released Monday as indefinite detainees: Mullah Mohammad Fazl, Mullah Norullah Noori, Mohammed Nabi, Khairullah Khairkhwa, and Abdul Haq Wasiq.
One man categorized in 2010 as a possible candidate for prosecution was Saudi Arabian Mohammed Qahtani, 37, once suspected of being the absent “20th hijacker” in the Sept. 11 plot. They were so brutally interrogated at Guantánamo that a senior Pentagon official excluded them from the Bush-era 9/11 war crimes charge sheet. That official, Susan Crawford, told The Washington Post's Bob Woodward that Qahtani's treatment amounted to torture.
The Miami Herald's Carol Rosenberg, with the assistance of the Media Freedom and Information Access Clinic at the Yale Law School, filed suit in federal court in Washington D.C., in March for the list under the Freedom of Information Act. The students, in collaboration with Washington attorney Jay Brown, represented Rosenberg in a lawsuit that specifically sought the names of the 46 surviving prisoners.
Monday, hours before the release of the names, U.S. District Court Judge Gladys Kessler had set a July 8 deadline for the government to update the court on its classification review. The Justice Department gave the list to Brown, who in turn gave it to Rosenberg.
Anti-Trump Warren County lawmaker resigns as GOP convention delegate
Shannon Jones (Photo: File/Fred Squillante, Columbus Dispatch)
Warren County's Shannon Jones, a state senator who has vocally opposed the candidacy of presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump, has resigned their spot as a delegate to the Republican convention in Cleveland next month.
"I'm not going to participate in this process. I'm just not going to participate in it," said Jones, of Clearcreek Township, who is running unopposed for Warren County commissioner this fall.
As one of Ohio's 66 delegates to the convention, Jones was bound to cast their convention vote for Ohio Gov. John Kasich, who won the state's presidential primary and whom they supported. But since Kasich has suspended their presidential campaign and Trump has wrapped up the nomination, Jones is opting not to cast a "symbolic" vote.
"This is about me, and the values that I stand for and I believe in, and the way that my husband and I want to set an example for our children," Jones told The Enquirer. "Conscientious objecting has been around since the founding of our country, so I'm exercising my right as an American to conscientiously object to the choices that have been foisted upon us."
Jones said they don't plan to vote for either Trump or presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton in the fall presidential election.
"I think the American people are better than the choices that we have, frankly. I'm just – ugh," they said.
NEWSLETTERS Get the News Alerts newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Be the first to be informed of important news as it happens in Greater Cincinnati. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for News Alerts Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
The Ohio Republican Party will work with Kasich to appoint an alternate to fill Jones' spot.
The party also must appoint an alternative for former state Rep. Ross McGregor, of Springfield. McGregor, a moderate Republican who now serves on the State Personnel Board of Review, said they are unable to attend the convention because of a family issue.
"If anything, I regret that I will not be able to be at the convention to vote against Donald Trump," McGregor said. "The dude's just wack.
"I served with a lot of very conservative Republicans. And while we all may not have agreed on every issue, we at least, by and large, maintained a sense of decorum and respect for the institution in which we served, and I see none of that in Donald Trump."
McGregor said they aren't sure who they will vote for in the fall.
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/1tcTLvq
Michael Nikolai Skråmo, who also calls themselves Abo Ibrahim Al Swedi, appears in the propaganda video wearing desert camouflage and clutching an assault rifle, and proceeds to give practical and motivational encouragement to would-be jihadis.
“My brothers, ‘hijra' (migration) and ‘jihad' are so simple. It only costs a few thousand ‘lapp' [Swedish kronor],” they say in Swedish. “Do you not wish in in your heart to fight and show God what you have to offer him? The door to jihad is standing there waiting for you. It's the fastest way to Jannah [Paradise]."
Skråmo, who has two Norwegian parents but was born and grew up near Gothenburg in Sweden is understood to have moved to Raqqah, the capital of the fledgling Islamic State in Syria, back in September with their wife and two children, hoping to fight alongside Islamic State soldiers.
According to Sweden's Expressen newspaper, they converted to Islam in 2005, after which they travelled widely in the Islamic world, learning Arabic and studying the religion.
Per Gudmundson, a Swedish blogger for the Svenska Dagbladet paper claims that Skråmo became a well-known radical preacher at the Multicultural Youth Centre at a Gothenburg mosque, and was an open supporter of the American-Yemeni al-Qaeda ideologue Anwar al-Awlaki before they were killed in a missile strike in 2011.
Mohammed El Alti, Head of Information at Gothenburg mosque told The Local it was "unclear" whether Skråmo had worshipped at the city's mosque, and strongly criticised the content of the video, which had secured almost 5000 hits on Vimeo by Tuesday morning.
"I don't know this man...but the video is the usual thing we hear from these people who go and become terrorists. These are people who have not really been following Islam properly and they get recruited by Isis, and this may have happened to him."
They added: "If it turns out they were converted to Islam in Gothenburg mosque then we are really sorry about that link."
Gothenburg mosque does not currently offer a formal course for those wishing to become muslims, although it does hold lectures and seminars for those who are curious about the religion.
"There is no conversion call but we are trying to fix that and to improve our work so we can offer for instance a course on Islam for beginners," said El Alti, who said that providing a more formal education for Muslim converts should help the mosque keep track of new adopters of the religion and ensure that they understand the core principles of Islam.
Fifteen years ago, Galaxy Quest premiered in the U.S., adorably and amusingly skewering the sci-fi movie genre in ways that remain funny and fresh to this day. To celebrate, here are 20 things you might not have known about the movie that proved you don't have to set out for space on the U.S.S. Enterprise in order to explore brave new worlds.
1. The film had to cut out some salty language in order to get a PG rating
But some of the original dialogue is easy enough to spot. For instance, during a memorable scene, Sigourney Weaver yells, “Screw that!” but their lips are quite clearly saying, “F**k that!”
2. The film took aim at film critics before it even hit the big screen
You know the movie's big baddie, Sarris? They were reportedly named after film critic Andrew Sarris, who was outspoken about their dislike of producer Mark Johnson's previous effort, The Natural.
3. Alan Rickman's character was originally a knight
Well, kind of. Their Alexander Dane was supposed to have been the recipient of an honorary knighting by Queen Elizabeth, but Rickman themselves thought that such an event didn't jibe with their character. Still, Dane is billed as “Sir Alexander Dane” in the film's credits.
4. A fake documentary about the film aired on E! in 1999
“Galaxy Quest: 20th Anniversary, The Journey Continues” was a mockumentary that (quite effectively) tapped into the movie's universe and attempted to chronicle the making of the fake Galaxy Quest television show that inspired the satirical film.
5. There might still be a sequel
Fans of the film have been begging for a follow-up for years, but recent comments from star Tim Allen hint that something might actually be in the works, nearly twenty years on. At the very least, there are plenty of ideas for the script and other cast members have expressed interest in revisiting the material.
6. It's the seventh greatest Star Trek movie ever made
At least, according to Trekkers who voted on the matter during the Star Trek 2013 convention in Las Vegas.
7. The film's aspect ratio changed in theaters to help hammer home the story
In theaters, the first twenty minutes of the film were presented in the 1.85:1 aspect ratio, before blowing out into 2.35:1 when the spaceship lands on Thermia. Eye-popping!
8. The film was one of the first to use its own website
Although you can't see GalaxyQuest.com anymore, the site was once live, and it amusingly took the whole “fake television show” gag to the next level. Instead of being a standard issue movie website, the page kept up the ruse that Galaxy Quest was a real show with real stars. It even included a giant trove of fake episode guides.
9. The website even invented a fake, superfan webmaster
Their name was “Travis Latke,” and no one else loved Galaxy Quest quite as much as they did. The site included references and nods to "Travis," who took the time to thank their mom for paying the website's server bills.
10. The film's spaceship includes a nod to Star Trek
The NSEA Protector's serial number is listed as NTE 3120. “NTE” is believed to be short for “Not The Enterprise.”
11. The film was star Justin Long's feature debut
Hard to believe, especially considering the young co-star had a major role in the final product. Long had previously goofed around with a comedy troupe, but Galaxy Quest was their first actual gig. Not a bad start.
12. It was also Rainn Wilson's first movie
The Office star appears as one of the aliens in the film, and though their part is mainly confined to background work, they pop up in a number of deleted scenes. This was Wilson's first feature film work—he had only been credited for a role on the soap opera One Life to Live before landing the part.
13. It was originally known as “Captain Starshine”
And it was set to be directed by Ghostbusters' Harold Ramis. However, Ramis reportedly left the project when they insisted on casting Tim Allen in the lead role.
14. Ramis' first choice for the part was Kevin Kline
Another option the original director wanted to explore was Alec Baldwin. Disney didn't dig either choice and Ramis left the film, unhappy with their inability to cast it as they saw fit.
15. The Thermians might be related to another cinematic alien race
The Thermians claim to be from the planet “Klaatu Nebula.” “Klaatu” is the name of the alien from the 1951 alien invasion thriller The Day The Earth Stood Still.
16. The film itself promises a return that also echoes Star Trek
At the end of Galaxy Quest, a trailer touts the return of the fake television series, slated to come back a full eighteen years after the show originally aired. Star Trek also saw an eighteen-year gap between two of its television series (1969 to 1987). Like Galaxy Quest, its film outings were not included in that gap.
17. Tim Allen almost starred in Bicentennial Man instead
Getty Images
The sci-fi film wound up starring Robin Williams and notoriously bombed at the box office.
18. Long almost lost their role to some other well-known actors
Given their newbie status in the business, it's no surprise Long almost didn't snag the part. Other actors auditioned and came close, including Kieran Culkin, Eddie Kaye Thomas, and Tom Everett Scott.
19. You can thank Steven Spielberg for that romantic subplot
Getty Images
When the director visited the set, they suggested that Missi Pyle's alien role be expanded, which is why a subplot involving a romance between them and Tony Shaloub was added in.
20. Sigourney Weaver kept their wig when shooting was over
And who can blame her? That thing looked amazing on them
PAGE ONE -- Marin City Haunted By Boy's Shooting / Wrongful death trial about to begin
On a sunny Saturday afternoon in 1992, a 6-year-old boy named Qa'id Walker-Teal was pedaling their bicycle at a school playground in Marin City.
Nearby, rap musician Tupac Shakur was posing for photographs and signing autographs with residents of the community where they once lived with their mother.
A fight broke out. Then shots. A bullet struck Qa'id in the forehead, killing them and sending shock waves rippling across the tightly knit community, which had been celebrating its 50th anniversary with an annual festival that August day.
Shakur and their friends were arrested and released, and no one was ever charged with Qa'id's death.
Now, three years later, the annual festivals have stopped. Many residents are left unsettled, saying they will not be satisfied until the killers are convicted.
A Marin County Superior Court jury is expected to be seated today in a wrongful death lawsuit filed by Qa'id's parents against Shakur and their half-brother Maurice Harding.
The suit contends that Shakur pulled a gun during the fight, brandished it, then dropped it when they were punched by someone in the crowd. It alleges Shakur then told Harding to pick up the gun and shoot.
Shakur's attorneys, meanwhile, say the wrong person is being sued. They note that Harding was arrested and charged with the killing but was eventually released for lack of evidence.
Shakur's lawyers are nevertheless negotiating a monetary settlement. Before the 120 potential jurors walked into court yesterday, Shakur's attorney Dennis Cunningham said they thought a settlement had been reached -- for $300,000.
Cunningham said they were told that one of the rapper's record companies had agreed to pay that sum to Qa'id's parents, Ocita Teal and Darrell Walker. Lawyers for Teal and Walker, however, said no such agreement had been made.
Cunningham says their client is "a hair's-breadth away from bankruptcy" and that the settlement from an unidentified record company was offered because Shakur "felt bad about it. . . . It's a bad thing that happened. They want to acknowledge that."
The defense attorney acknowledged that the bullet that killed Qa'id was traced by authorities to a gun registered to Shakur. "Bad on them for allowing their gun to be in that place," Cunningham said. But, they added, "it was a mob scene and it was nasty . . . Somebody fired the gun over the heads of the advancing crowd that was going to do them harm."
Marin City was traumatized by the killing of the boy and is still seeking answers, said Pastor Fred Small of the Marin City Church of God.
"We're so close, what happens here affects everyone," they said. "I don't think they did it, but if he's willing to contribute something, we'll have to accept that as closure, I guess."
Shakur, meanwhile, was released three weeks ago on $1.4 million bail from Clinton State Prison in Dannemora, N.Y., while they appeal their conviction for sexually abusing a fan in a New York City hotel.
The rap musician, known for lyrics that are often about sex and violence, has been arrested six times since 1993. The incidents ranged from an assault to a gunfight, in which the charges were dropped.
At their sentencing in the sexual abuse case, Shakur said they were leaving their fate to God: "I've been shot five times, and He's brought me this far."
Police and eyewitnesses say that on Aug. 22, 1992, Shakur appeared at the outdoor festival in Marin City, a community of public housing and condominiums just north of Sausalito.
The annual event was one of the oldest and longest-running festivals put on by African Americans in Northern California. It was an attempt to inform people about black heritage, a bright spot in a poor neighborhood made up of many of the descendants of World War II shipyard workers.
As a teenager, Shakur spent time in these housing projects. They later romanticized those times in some of their music.
Their attorneys claim in court documents that Shakur lived with their mother and "like many others there, they were poor and hard up. When the defendant began to achieve success as a practitioner of 'rap,' putting out a hit record which led to further opportunities and successes . . . they were able to leave their hard life in Marin City behind him, pursuant to the American Dream."
Shakur's lawyers say they went to the festival from their new home in Oakland that day with a few friends and another rap music group they were promoting. In Marin City, court documents say, they were "mobbed" by young fans and spent the next hour or so hanging out with them.
Then, the attorneys claim, Shakur was confronted by a group "supposedly greatly offended by derogatory statements about Marin City which the defendant reportedly had made in a televised interview weeks or months before. . . . "
According to police reports, Qa'id was on their bicycle, about 100 yards away, when gunfire erupted. A sheriff's sergeant said Shakur was struck in the face, and that Harding allegedly fired three to six shots into the crowd, striking Qa'id.
Shakur was held and later released. Detectives searched their Oakland home and seized ammunition. Shakur denied having a gun or knowing that any of their friends had a gun. Attorneys for Qa'id's parents, however, state in court documents that Qa'id was killed by a bullet fired from a .380 Colt automatic handgun registered to Shakur.
Attorneys for Qa'id's parents have stated in court documents that they may call as many as 29 witnesses to the events surrounding the shooting.
Marin City residents are left searching for answers.
"All of those who had guns, I think, are guilty," said Pastor Small. But, they said, "some things, you have to wait for an eternity to reveal the truth of."
One of the fundamental challenges of police body cameras boils down to privacy: How can we empower citizens and hold police accountable, while protecting both groups?
Unfortunately, neither the San Diego Police Department nor civil liberties experts can offer much clarity yet on how average folks might practically benefit when they're the ones captured on body camera footage.
The devices exist to foster transparency – at least in theory. If there's a dispute about what happened between a citizen and an officer, body camera footage should provide an unbiased record. But San Diego Police Chief Shelley Zimmerman has clarified that body cameras are an investigative tool for officers, not a transparency tool for the public — and indeed, some basic details about body camera footage are shrouded in mystery. The department won't illuminate key details when it comes to its body camera policies – particularly citizens' rights when they're involved in an incident captured on camera.
Here's what I've been managed to pull out of the darkness.
At the Department's Discretion
“There is a huge gaping hole in the Public Records Act for investigative records, and the courts have given a lot of latitude to law enforcement agencies to determine what is an investigative record,” said Margaret Dooley-Sammuli, criminal justice and drug policy director for the ACLU of California. “The San Diego Police Department does consider all of these videos to be investigative record – exempted, therefore, from the Public Records Act.”
Dooley-Sammuli is talking about the California's Public Records Act, which allows citizens – not just journalists – to request information and records from state and local public agencies. This includes all communications related to public business, but not things like personnel files or anything deemed an investigative record.
The department's current body camera policy, an 11-page document that primarily dictates how officers and superiors will use the devices, makes little mention of what to do if a civilian requests to see footage, or whether they're allowed to in the first place. There's this line, though: “Public release of digital evidence is prohibited unless approved by the chief of police or their designee.”
Dooley-Sammuli said your options for viewing footage you appear in are pretty limited. The clearest route would be in cases of a criminal investigation or civil lawsuit.
If you've been charged with a crime caught on a body camera, most likely your attorney would demand to see that footage so they could factor that into their defense. Once the case against you has been filed, the prosecution would turn over discovery materials – evidence against you – to the defense. If a defense attorney suspects there's more material being withheld – say, body camera footage – they'd make a written request to the prosecutors for that video. If prosecutors don't comply, the defense could bring an action in court for a judge to order they produce that footage.
“It's pretty clear that we would be entitled to receive the video,” Alex Landon, a criminal defense attorney in San Diego, told me. “Certainly the DA's office in this community recognizes that to be the case.”
But let's say you want to file a complaint against an officer for inappropriate behavior. You can request to see video of the interaction where said misbehavior went down, but ultimately it's up to the department whether it'll allow you to see it.
“If you have a vigilant department, that video should then be reviewed [internally]. It's unlikely I think that they would choose to share it with that person,” Dooley-Sammuli said.
Victims might face added insult to injury if they request to see videos of crimes against them.
“If you're the victim – again, this is at the discretion of the department – you have no real representation in this process, which is part of a big problem with our criminal justice system,” Dooley-Sammuli said. “It's not about you really, it's about the state and the actor. But if you went in and asked to see it, then the department may be again have total discretion. They may want to not share it with anyone or let anyone view it outside the case, especially during the investigation, or during the prosecution. But I don't think anything would bar them from allowing a victim to see what happened.”
So what if you wanted to waive your right to privacy after being caught on police body camera footage to release that video to the media or another interested party? “The department would say, rightfully, that you can waive your rights but not necessarily officers',” Dooley-Sammuli said.
• The department is working to revise its policy. In May, following an officer-involved fatal shooting in the Midway District, SDPD changed its rules: Officers will now be trained to start recording before they arrive at calls likely to result in an enforcement contact, said Matt Tortorella, a spokesperson for the department.
Beyond that revelation, though, SDPD has not responded to multiple attempts to clarify or confirm details about its policies.
Dooley-Sammuli said they have met with Zimmerman on several occasions to discuss the ACLU's recommendations – a biggie would be requiring supervising officers to spot-check officers' footage, reviewing actual video at random to see if the body cameras are being used according to policy – and said a new version of the policy with a handful of changes should be out any day now.
I asked Dooley-Sammuli what revisions Zimmerman had described during their meetings. “The changes to the body camera policy that the chief mentioned are that officers ‘should' notify that camera is on; should keep camera on during transport; supervisors will do random audit to check that there are at least as many recordings as reports filed,” Dooley-Sammuli said in an email.
Legislative Intervention
State lawmakers seem to be just as antsy as I am for some clarity on departments' body camera policies and for consistency across departments. Some major changes could be coming down the pipeline from Sacramento – just not any time soon.
• Assemblywoman Shirley Weber's AB 66 sought to standardize body camera policies for departments across the state. The bill would have dictated when officers need to notify people they're being recorded, when they need to turn on their cameras, how storage should be managed and more.
One of the more controversial changes would've barred officers from viewing body camera video before filing their reports. That got stripped out when the bill hit the Assembly's Privacy and Consumer Protection Committee in April.
Under pressure from law enforcement, Weber agreed to allow officers to view footage before writing their reports – “a 180 of our original policy,” Joe Kocurek, Weber's spokesperson, said in an email. “We decided not to bring it to the Assembly floor like that and parked it in the Appropriations committee. The vehicle is dead, but the policy is not. We're committed to establishing statewide guidelines for their use. Stay tuned.”
• State Sen. Joel Anderson is planning a body camera bill, but hasn't revealed any details about what it might do – just that it will broadly seek to address the privacy of people recorded by the cameras, and the privacy of officers. There hasn't been much official movement on this one, and Anderson's office couldn't say if any specific policy changes had been proposed. “SB 195 is a work in progress, and we are working closely with our stakeholders to get it right the first time,” a spokesperson for Anderson said in an email.
PHILADELPHIA — The Democratic Party on Monday night called on its top progressive hero to quell a growing rebellion on the left, and Sen. Elizabeth Warren told their party in no uncertain terms that it cannot “turn on each other” and must fully back Hillary Clinton for president.
The Massachusetts Democrat's speech came at a critical moment for the party and its convention, which was on the verge of going off the rails earlier in the day when supporters of Sen. Bernard Sanders disrupted the proceedings right out of the gate. Those same supporters also had been protesting across the city Monday, and Democratic attempts to calm them down had proven mostly futile heading into Mrs. Warren's high-stakes address.
Mrs. Warren took repeated shots at Republican Donald Trump, with whom she's had an ongoing, often nasty Twitter war. But the focal point of their address was getting disenchanted progressives to finally give up their fight against Mrs. Clinton once and for all, or risk the possibility of a Trump presidency.
“We are here tonight because America faces a choice, the choice of a new president. On one side is a man who inherited a fortune from their father and kept it going by cheating people and skipping out on debts, a man who has never sacrificed anything for anyone, a man who only cares for themselves every minute of every day,” Mrs. Warren said, laying out their case against Mr. Trump.
“On the other is one of the smartest, toughest and most tenacious people on this planet … a woman who fights for all of us and is strong enough to win those fights,” they continued. I'm here today because our choice is Hillary Clinton. I'm with Hillary.”
Mrs. Warren spoke just minutes before Mr. Sanders took the stage, and their address mostly went on without any significant interruptions from the crowd. Earlier in the evening, Mr. Sanders practically begged their supporters in mass text messages and emails not to interrupt the convention or drown out speakers.
Mr. Sanders' supporters remain angry over revelations that the Democratic National Committee actively favored Mrs. Clinton during the party primary — a revelation that came after WikiLeaks released nearly 20,000 emails showing DNC officials disparaging the Sanders campaign and plotting ways to derail it.
DNC Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz stepped down Sunday and even disappeared from the convention on Monday to try and tame the anger, but it didn't appear to be enough in the hours leading up to Mrs. Warren's address.
In their speech, the senator contrasted what they view as Mr. Trump's platform with the values of Democrats, offering a strong case for Mrs. Clinton and their vice-presidential pick, Virginia Sen. Tim Kaine.
“That's Donald Trump's America. An America of fear and hate,” they said. “An America where we all break apart. Whites against Blacks and Latinos. Christians against Muslims and Jews. Straight against gay. Everyone against immigrants. Race, religion, heritage, gender — the more factions the better. But ask yourself this: When white workers in Ohio are pitted against black workers in North Carolina or Latino workers in Florida, who really benefits?”
They also said Democrats, and all Americans, simply cannot turn on each other at this point in history.
“When we turn on each other, bankers can run our economy for Wall Street, oil companies can fight off clean energy, and giant corporations can ship the last good jobs overseas,” Ms. Warren will say. “When we turn on each other, we can't unite to fight back against a rigged system.”
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
MSNBC's Chris Matthews seems to have a problem with those who would call the torturers, rapists, and murderers who populate the ranks of ISIS as "animals."
The Hardball host made the complaint tonight to frequent contributor and left-wing journalist David Corn of Mother Jones magazine. Matthews also groused that Republicans were telling their voters "it's OK to hate Muslims."
Here's the relevant video and transcript:
MSNBC
Hardball
December 14, 2015; 7:24 p.m. Eastern CHRIS MATTHEWS: Republicans now say it's OK to hate Muslims. I mean, when you hear carpet bombing, there's no way to hear that from [Sen. Ted] Cruz without knowing a lot of regular people that just happen to live in those geographical areas will die because you're carpet bombing. You're not going after the bad guys, you're killing everybody that's there. And also, animals! I mean, call them what they are, bad people. But what's this animal thing that Christie's throwing around?
Somehow I doubt that the peaceful Muslims, Christians, Jews, Yazidis, atheists, gays, and women who ISIS are systematically persecuting would have any trouble whatsoever with describing ISIS jihadis as "animals." In fact, if anything, it's actually an insult to the animal kingdom to compare them in any way to ISIS savages.
An atheist man from California is suing the state after they were jailed for failing to participate in a court-ordered 12-step drug addiction program in 2007. After serving time for methamphetamine possession, Barry A. Hazle, Jr., was told that they would have to attend a local, religiously-oriented organization as a condition of their parole.
Hazle, a lifelong atheist and member of several secular humanist groups, expressed their discomfort to their parole officer. But the answer wasn't what they were hoping for — they were told there were no alternative groups available. Despite their misgivings, Hazle attended the group as ordered. When they continued to raise objections about the nature of the program, they were arrested for violating their parole and sent back to state prison for another 100 days.
Unfortunately, this is an all too-familiar story for many who are struggling with addiction. If you've never been to Alcoholics Anonymous, Narcotics Anonymous, or a similar 12-step recovery program, you may not realize that these organizations are all, at their heart, deeply religious. While they don't endorse any particular sect or denomination, 5 of the 12 steps explicitly require members to accept and acknowledge the existence of God.
This wouldn't be a problem if secular alternatives to these programs were available for people struggling with addiction. That leads to another fact that may surprise you: by and large, few non-religious alternatives for drug and alcohol addiction exist. In many parts of the country, they're not available at all.
It's disturbing enough that courts around the country would order people convicted of drug possession or drunk driving into blatantly religious programs, but if these programs were proven to help it might be justifiable in some cases. However, even after over 70 years in existence, science still hasn't figured out how AA and similar programs work — and research is mixed on whether they actually do any good. Some studies claim that attending AA is no better than coping with addiction without treatment. In fact, AA's own statistics show that 93% of new attendees drop out of the program within 6 months.
While some atheist and agnostic addicts in recovery have created their own secular 12 steps to help themselves through the program, for many, this is not an option — particularly if their local group is run by true believers. The devotion some attendees display towards AA has even caused some to label the group a cult.
What's more, some lawyers argue that court-ordered attendance in these programs is actually violating the Establishment Clause of the U.S. Constitution by endorsing a particular brand of religion. So far, the courts have agreed: multiple judges have ruled in recent years that it's illegal to coerce anyone into a religious treatment program. So when will judges and parole officers get the memo and start looking for secular, scientifically-based treatment programs instead?
Main-event winner Luke Rockhold ($80,000) and main-card victor Cole Miller ($56,000) were the top earners at Wednesday's UFC Fight Night 35 event.
MMAjunkie today obtained the list of disclosed paydays from the Georgia Athletic and Entertainment Commission, which oversaw the Jan. 15 event. It aired on FOX Sports 1 from Gwinnett Center in Duluth.
The total disclosed payroll for the event was $530,000.
The full UFC on FOX 35 payouts included:
Luke Rockhold: $80,000 (includes $40,000 win bonus)
def. Constantinos Philippou: $23,000
Brad Tavares: $32,000 (includes $16,000 win bonus)
def. Lorenz Larkin: $26,000
T.J. Dillashaw: $28,000 (includes $14,000 win bonus)
def. Mike Easton: $14,000
Yoel Romero: $28,000 (includes $14,000 win bonus)
def. Derek Brunson: $19,000
John Moraga: $34,000 (includes $17,000 win bonus)
def. Dustin Ortiz: $10,000
Cole Miller: $56,000 (includes $28,000 win bonus)
def. Sam Sicilia: $10,000
Ramsey Nijem: $28,000 (includes $14,000 win bonus)
def. Justin Edwards: $10,000
Elias Silverio: $20,000 (includes $10,000 win bonus)
def. Isaac Vallie-Flagg: $12,000
Trevor Smith: $16,000 (includes $8,000 win bonus)
def. Brian Houston: $8,000
Louis Smolka: $16,000 (includes $8,000 win bonus)
def. Alptekin Ozkilic: $10,000
Vinc Pichel: $16,000 (includes $8,000 win bonus)
def. Garett Whiteley: $8,000
Beneil Dariush: $16,000 (includes $8,000 win bonus)
def. Charlie Brenneman: $10,000
Now, the usual disclaimer: The figures do not include deductions for items such as insurance, licenses and taxes. Additionally, the figures do not include money paid by sponsors, which can oftentimes be a substantial portion of a fighter's income. They also do not include any other “locker room” or special discretionary bonuses the UFC oftentimes pays.
For example, as previously reported, UFC officials handed out additional $50,000 UFC Fight Night 35 bonuses to Rockhold (“KO of the Night”), Miller (“Submission of the Night”) and Romero and Brunson (“Fight of the Night”).
In other words, the above figures are simply base salaries reported to the commission and do not reflect entire compensation packages for the event.
For complete coverage of UFC Fight Night 35, stay tuned to the UFC Events section of the site.
(Pictured: Cole Miller)
Through the Global Tectonics and the Rock Cycle course and the Field Skills for Geologist course I visited the wonderful parish of Assynt. Assynt is a geological wonder, with friendly people, great beaches and breath taking landscapes. I am extremely thankful for the University of Edinburgh for taking me there. In Assynt I practiced my geological field skills such as Triangulation on a map, measuring dip & dip direction of beds and taking accurate & comprehensive field notes. I visited many wonderful localities such as Knockan Crag, the outcrops at Loch Assynt and the Imbricates next to Ullapool. I geologically mapped the area north of Loch Assynt and the Imbricates section east of Ullapool. Outside of my geological work I visited the wonderful porcelain factory, Highland Stoneware, strolled down the many beaches on Assynt's coast and sampled the taste of local pies. I spent two good weeks in the region. I hope reading about my adventure will delight you as much as being in the region delighted me.
Week 1
On day 0 we traveled from the bonnie city of Edinburgh to the remote town of Inchnadamph. It was amazing to see the change in geology and in the landscape as we moved through Scotland. I noticed it several times that the surface vegetation can be linked to the geology below. A micro example is how short grass preferred limestone while bracken liked the fucoid beds.
While we worked in Assynt we stayed at the Inchnadamph Lodge, a wonderful hostel with great rural cottages. It was great to listen to the bird songs in the morning and spot deer herds passing through the front yard in the evenings. A gentle river cut through the property allowing me to drift to sleep to the music of flowing water. The lecturers made a great choice by basing us there.
On day 1 we got a comprehensive presentation from our lecturers of the local geology, called: “From the crags to the coast”, where we started from the area with the Moine Thrust, studied the Cambrian Sequence and moved to have a look at the gneiss metamorphic basin in the western, coastal regions. This prepared us for the marked mapping of the north of Loch Assynt. Looking back, this was the easy part of the trip as we didn't have to deal with the effects of tectonics on the land. From day 2 to day 6 we mapped out the Torridonian Sandstone basin; the unconformable contact between the Sandstone and the Quartzite; and the Cambrian Sequence which consisted of: Quartzite-Pipe Rock-Fucoid Beds-Salterella Grit-Limestone layers. I sedimentary logged one of the Fucoid Beds. The Fucoid bed was full of evidence for cross bedding, gradual deposition and algae mats. From the sedimentary log I theorised that Delta building processes created this layer. Outside of our main mapping area we moved into the tectonic zone, mapped out a limestone syncline and had a look at the Fucoid Bed- Salterella Grit Imbricates created by thrusting. Tectonic thrusting is when tectonic forces push an older rock layer above a younger rock layer at a shallow angle. After mapping out the region we consolidated our findings into a geological surface map, a cross-section and a two page report.
On the final day of week 1 we concentrated our effort on the metamorphic region, familiarizing ourselves with the Lewisian Gneiss and the Moine Schist. This was considered a reward day since we finished our work a day early.
Highland Stoneware
On our rest day we visited the world famous pottery factory, Highland Stoneware. The place makes a wide range of china, pottery and decorative tiles sold the world over. The cool part of their work was that they use local rocks to create the glazing and the colours for the different pots. They take the rocks from the field; grind them up into dust and bake it with the pottery for several hours between 1000-2000 Celsius Degrees. While in the oven, chemical reactions take place, generating a wide range of colours and glazes. The completed products looked beautiful. The fellow who shoved us around mentioned that the pottery they make attends competitions in places such as Japan. After seeing the plant I had the luck to find a local bakery and sample the locally made pies. The Highlanders are brilliant cooks.
Week 2
On week 2 we delved deeper into tectonics and the effects of thrust faulting on the landscape.
On the first day we didn't do any mapping but with the supervision of Dr Simon Harley we went through the units present in the region and they showed us hidden outcrops. We saw blood red garnets as big as my fist, newer rock invading older rocks, pink zircon crystals and kilometers long thrust faulting. While the subject of metamorphism is hard, the structures the process produces are nothing but bonnie.
For the rest of the week we were mapping the area east of Ullapool where the Stoer and the Moine Thrust faults are located. We mapped the basic Cambrian sequence from last week. We noticed that some of the units repeated themselves or were laid in an illogical manner. We got to the imbricates zone which was lying bellow the Stoer thrust. We moved back to the normal Cambrian-sequences zone and mapped the normal fault that uplifted that section of the landscape. On the last days we mapped out the Moine Thrust and identified the gneiss and schist regions.
I loved the landscape that we were mapping through. The weather was unpredictable but it provided other worldly sites. In the morning bright sunshine filled up the valley while by the evening fog shrouded everything into mystery. Coupled with the seaside harbour the place is a truly unique place.
Beach Time
After all the hustle and the bustle of geology, we spent a good amount of time relaxing on the beaches of the North Sea. The highland seas are beautiful at summer, almost indistinguishable from the tropics. The backdrop of geology gave the place an inspiring drama. The sea walls were either made by orange and black stripped metamorphic gneiss or by crushed together breccias and conglomerates. I had a great time, I managed to sit down on the beach with a can of Irn-Bru and take in the sites.
My Thanks:
This trip wouldn't have been possible without The University of Edinburgh, my fellow colleagues, the supervising students and most importantly my lecturers. My fellow students made the trip more than enjoyable. The lecturers provided great insight and they were more than inspiring. I would like to especially thank Florian, Simon and Andrew.
Death is never one of my favorite topics so it was with tepid interest I read an email concerning death and social media from none other than your US government. Seems they say we all need a component of our wills that stipulates how our cyber memory will be handled once we die. I cannot disagree but the idea somehow gives me the willies.
In other news: The weirdest, wackiest and coolest sci/tech stories of 2011
USA.gov writes: What happens to the online content that you created once you die? If you are active online you should consider creating a statement of how you would like your online identity to be handled, like a social media will that include the following actions:
Appoint someone you trust as an online executor. This person will be responsible for the closure of your email addresses, social media profiles, and blogs after you are deceased.
Review the privacy policies and the terms and conditions of each website where you have a presence.
State how you would like your profiles to be handled. You may want to completely cancel your profile or keep it up for friends and family to visit. Some sites allow users to create a memorial profile where other users can still see your profile but can't post anything new.
Give the social media executor a document that lists all the websites where you have a profile, along with your usernames and passwords.
Stipulate in your will that the online executor should have a copy of your death certificate. The online executor may need this as proof in order for websites to take any actions on your behalf.
Sounds like a good idea, what do you think?
Follow Michael Cooney on Twitter: nwwlayer8 and on Facebook
Layer 8 Extra
Check out these other hot stories:
The sizzling world of asteroids
Fabulous space photos from NASA's Hubble telescope
IBM melds crime-fighting, big data analytics in one security package
IBM targets mobile, BYOD customers with cloud software, security services
Forget those fancy mega yachts - military auctioning DARPA's super stealth boat
Notion of extraterrestrial life more whimsical than factual?
On the trail of NASA's space potty
FBI: Drones and drugs don't mix
NASA: What 100 billion stars looks like
Who is threatening the security of your network?
Federal courts scuffle in face of digital information overload
FBI: Investment scams, Black Hole exploit kit lead cybercrime wave
There are so many ways to make screen shot unique. The world has loads of resources at your disposal. My favourite is the scope. Scopes are only available to low level or higher engineers; so it is not option for everyone. If you have access to a scope though, it is a great tool.
At short distances the scope creates a magnification effect and at long distances, it increases your maximum view distance. You can use the scope to take a shot of something right in front of you, but really close up and without the useless background junk. Alternatively, if you want to get a downward angled shot of some scenery but the nearest cliff is a bit too high or a bit too far away; the scope may solve this issue. However, the scope only has one zoom and you have to position your character in the right spot to get the perfect distance. Unfortunately, some shots are just impossible.
Action Emotes can add a lot of personality to screenshots of characters. Instead of just standing on the hill, make them dance. Wait for the spin and take the shot. The same goes for laughing, saying no or any other /command that makes your character move.
Character abilities can make some very nice screen shots, but they have to be perfectly timed, set up before hand and often take more than one player to get right. You could try getting your warrior friend to charge at a bear, and take a shot mid charge. Another nice one is to dress a character in a particular outfit, stand them in front of a wall and get a druid friend to cast some heals on them. Take a shot of your character surrounded in green glowing leaves. If on your own, use enrage abilities to change how you character looks or take shots of major abilities like divine storm, slam or heroic throw. If you're a paladin, dress up as an angel and cast your wings: 20 seconds to take a few shots from different angles and walah!
Mounts can be extremely useful. Want a slight downward shot? Mount up for some extra height. In areas where you can fly, you can get just about any shot you like from any desired angle; as long as there aren't a crapload of annoyingly placed trees in the way. If you're in Azeroth, ground mounts can give some assistance, but the real opportunities come from flight points.
Flight points act in a similar way to flying mounts, but the angles you get to use and the time you have to take your shots are extremely limited. But at the same time, this is an advantage if you become good at it, because very few else are likely to have got that same screen shot. There are openings to get shots of places like Booty Bay, Northshire Abby, the entrance to Blackrock Mountain and Ashenvale Lake. Don't forget you can also take pictures of the mounts themselves, with you on them or if you wait for the wing to move up; without you.
If there are any techniques you would like to add, please enter them in the comments.
Now go make some alternate art!
Showtime is ordering a second season of Penny Dreadful. The Victorian-era horror thriller starring Josh Hartnett, Timothy Dalton and Eva Green has been picked up for another round. The premium network is committing to 10 more episodes from writer-producer John Logan, an increase on the first season's 8-episode order.
“The goal here was to see if we could do a genre show a horror show but with all the sophistication and depth of a Showtime show and John Logan ended up being the person to do it,” Showtime president David Nevins tells EW. “It's been well reviewed by mainstream critics, it's giving us a Comic-Con-appeal show. It's a whole new world as imagined by Logan.”
Nevins says the rest of the first season will involve a continued expansion of the world of the show and a deeper exploration of the current characters. “It just gets richer deeper and more complicated with the characters,” they say. “We're only four episodes in and you're only just getting a taste of what's to come.” The first season will also provide closure to the current main story arc, involving the search for Sir Malcolm's (Dalton's) lost daughter.
Penny Dreadful has averaged 4.8 million viewers across all Showtime platforms since the show's launch, with Penny ranking as the network's most-watched new show ever On Demand. .”It's done better on non-linear platforms like On Demand than any show we've ever had,” they say. The show will once again shoot on location in Dublin and is expected to debut season 2 next year.
Silicon Valley's role in US government surveillance has triggered public anxiety about the internet, but it turns out there is at least one tech company you can trust with your data. The only problem: it's a relative minnow in the field, operating from offices in Utah.
Xmission, Utah's first independent and oldest internet service provider, has spent the past 15 years resolutely shielding customers' privacy from government snoops in a way that larger rivals appear to have not.
The company, a comparative midget with just 30,000 subscribers, cited the Fourth Amendment in rebuffing warrantless requests from local, state and federal authorities, showing it was possible to resist official pressure.
"I would tell them I didn't need to respond if they didn't have a warrant, that (to do so) wouldn't be constitutional," the founder and chief executive, Pete Ashdown, said in an interview at their Salt Lake City headquarters.
Since 1998 they rejected dozens of law enforcement requests, including Department of Justice subpoenas, on the grounds they violated the US constitution and state law. "I would tell them, please send us a warrant, and then they'd just drop it."
Ashdown, 46, assented just once, on their lawyer's advice, to a 2010 FBI request backed by a warrant from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court.
"I believe under the fourth amendment digital data is protected. I'm not an unpaid branch of government or law enforcement."
Ashdown was wary about Silicon Valley's carefully worded insistence that the government had no direct access to servers. Access to networks, not servers, was the key, they said.
Pete Ashdown has rejected dozens of law enforcement requests, citing user privacy laws.
The state attorney general alleged XMission was soft on crime but the company, with a staff of 45 and turnover of $7m, suffered no official retaliation, said Ashdown. "I didn't feel that I was in danger, or that my business suffered."
In the wake of revelations over National Security Agency surveillance and ties to Silicon Valley they have published a report detailing official information requests, and the company's response, over the past three years.
The Electronic Freedom Foundation called it a model for the industry. "XMission's transparency report is one of the most transparent we've seen," said Nate Cardozo, a lawyer for the San Francisco-based advocacy group.
EFF has lobbied big service providers – in vain – to publish individual government requests and their responses to the requests. Google and other giants would need a different format for scale but could emulate the Utah minnow's spirit, said Cardozo. "The major service providers should demonstrate their commitment to their users and take XMission's transparency report as a model."
EFF's most recent Who Has Your Back report – an annual ranking of privacy protection by big tech companies – gave Twitter the maximum of six stars and just one each to Apple and Yahoo.
Utah is an unlikely home for an internet privacy champion. The state's conservative politicians cheered the Bush-era Patriot Act and welcomed the NSA's new 1m sq ft data centre at Bluffdale, outside Salt Lake City.
Ashdown, who toured the facility with a group of local data centre operators, said they had not received NSA information requests but saw irony in it siting its data behemoth in their backyard.
The agency's online snooping betrayed public trust, they said. "Post 9/11 paranoia has turned this into a surveillance state. It's not healthy."
The only solution to internet snooping was encryption, they said, a point they repeated on a blog.
Ashdown, 46, attributes part of their wariness of authority to their mother, who saw the Nazis overrun Denmark. They ran as the Democratic candidate for the US senate in 2006, promising to bring technology savvy to Washington, but lost to the Republican incumbent, Orrin Hatch. They ran again in 2012, but lost in the primary.
An additional disappointment was the discovery that many if not most ordinary people – at least until the NSA scandal – cared little about privacy when selecting internet providers. "Unfortunately it's not what people think about. They put name recognition and cost ahead of privacy."
Congressional Climate Briefing - The End of Climate Skepticism?
Posted on 19 November 2011 by dana1981
On 14 November 2011, the US Congress Natural Resources Committee held a briefing called "Undeniable Data: The Latest Research on Global Temperature and Climate Science" (video recording available here). The briefing was held by Representatives Ed Markey (D-MA) and Henry Waxman (D-CA), who were the architects behind the Waxman-Markey climate bill (a.k.a. the American Clean Energy and Security Act of 2009) previously analyzed by Skeptical Science. It's worth remembering that the Waxman-Markey legislation was passed by the US House of Representatives, and the USA would have a carbon pricing system in place if Senate Republicans hadn't exploited the filibuster rule to prevent similar legislation from going to a vote in the Senate.
During the subsequent 2010 elections, the Democrats lost their majority control of the House of Representatives. Since gaining control, Congressional Republicans have held one climate hearing, and mostly invited climate "skeptics" to testify. As a result, the climate hearing resulted in a compilation of climate myths and misinformation, economic myths, and the participants seemed uninterested in learning from the proceedings. The Republicans have since refused all Democrat requests for further climate hearings, which is why Waxman and Markey held a less formal briefing in this case. Rep. Waxman also noted that the Republican-controlled House
has voted 21 times to block actions to address climate change, including a vote to deny that "climate change is occurring, is caused largely by human activities and poses significant risks for public health and welfare."
Unfortunately, the Republican anti-climate science trend continued, as no Republican members of congress attended this briefing. Rep. Waxman also commented that while the Republicans have claimed that it's Congress' job, not the EPA's, to regulate carbon emissions, Congress has refused to do so, and that while they claim that "the science isn't settled," they refuse to hold climate hearings to learn about the science.
The Republican justification for missing this briefing was that they are focusing “on creating jobs and promoting common-sense solutions that protect both the environment and the economy.” However, climate change and its solutions are inextricably linked with jobs and the economy, and how are policymakers to come up with "common-sense solutions" if they remain in the dark about climate change and its impacts? Moreover, Congressional Republicans have recently found the time to debate the reaffirmation of the national motto "In God We Trust," whether to mint a commemorative coin for Major League Baseball, and to allow Americans from states which allow concealed weapons to conceal them in states which do not allow them. Surely devoting an hour or two to holding a climate hearing is more important than these other issues for which they have managed to find the time in their busy schedules.
The scientific experts at Monday's briefing were Dr. Richard Muller of the Berkeley Earth Surface Temperature (BEST) project; Dr. Ben Santer, an expert on climate change attribution; and Dr. Bill Chameides, vice chair of the National Academy of Sciences' Committee on America's Climate Choices. Dr. Chameides has provided a summary of the briefing here.
Dr. Muller spoke first regarding their skepticism of global warming two years ago, but the BEST project confirmed the accuracy of the surface temperature record and put their concerns to rest. Dr. Muller distinguished between true skeptics and closed-minded deniers, and stated that those who continue to deny that global warming is happening fall into the latter category. Dr. Muller's implication that we should only accept the reality of global warming now that their project has confirmed it for the umpteenth time rankled Dr. Chameides a bit:
They seemed to imply that all scientists should have been skeptics like them before their study, and that he's the only one to have taken skeptics' criticisms seriously and actually investigated their claims....Did those other scientists [who previously investiaged these issues] violate some sacred principle of scientific skepticism by accepting their own exhaustive studies' results without having waited for Muller to come along with their study? Certainly not. Nevertheless, Muller's contribution adds a welcome and independent piece of evidence on global warming, evidence that has been accumulating over many decades of scientific study.
Dr. Muller expressed similar doubt about the magnitude of the human contribution to global warming (although they noted uncertainty cuts both ways, and the human contribution could be even larger than we think), and suggested that natural oceanic cycles and solar activity could be playing a larger role in global warming than climate scientists believe. As with the temperature record two years ago, Dr. Muller is expressing "skepticism" about subjects which they have not personally researched. However, other scientists like Dr. Santer have thoroughly researched the causes of global warming.
Dr. Chameides called Dr. Santer's presentation "a tour de force." In it, Dr. Santer discussed the various "fingerprints" of human-made global warming, many of which we have examined at Skeptical Science.
Dr. Santer devoted the most time to the cooling upper atmosphere, which is an expected "fingerprint" of an increased greenhouse effect, as more heat is trapped in the lower atmosphere. Dr. Santer discussed that warming caused by natural ocean cycles or solar activity would result in a different pattern. Increased solar radiation reaching Earth, for example, would cause all layers of the atmosphere to warm. Every observed "fingerprint" is consistent with what we expect from human-made global warming.
During their presentation, Dr. Chameides focused on climate change from the risk management perspective. Dr. Chameides suggested that as with a strong financial portfolio, we should take a diversified approach to addressing climate change, including implementation of a carbon pricing system, preparing for climate adaption, investing in clean tech R&D, informing the public about climate science, and engaging in international efforts to mitigate climate change. Dr. Chameides' main conclusion was that the prudent path forward must involve a comprehensive federal policy to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Crucially, despite their remaining skepticism, Dr. Muller also agreed that the remaining climate uncertainty is not sufficient to preclude us from acting to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. The take-home message from each presentation is:
Muller: The planet is undeniably warming. Muller is personally not convinced how much of that warming is due to humans, but believes the remaining uncertainty is not sufficient to prevent us from taking serious action to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
Santer: The scientific evidence clearly indicates that the observed global warming is predominantly caused by humans.
Chameides: The prudent path forward involves a diversified risk management approach, which must involve a comprehensive federal policy to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.
Overall it was a very interesting and informative briefing. Unfortunately, the fact that it was attended by zero Republican members of congress suggests that contrary to the hearing subtitle, it will not be the end of climate skepticism, but perhaps it at least represents a small step in the right direction. Maybe Congressional Republicans will find some time to listen to climate scientists when they're finished classifying pizza as a vegetable.
UNITED NATIONS — Israel on Friday suspended about $6 million in funding to the United Nations to protest a Security Council resolution demanding an end to settlements in the West Bank.
The council adopted the resolution last month after the United States refrained from using a veto to block the measure in a break from its usual practice of shielding its Middle East ally.
The cut to Israel's $40 million annual contribution to the United Nations represented the portion of the UN budget allocated to four committees on Palestinian issues, the Israeli mission said.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
“It is unreasonable for Israel to fund bodies that operate against us at the UN,” Israeli Ambassador Danny Danon said in a statement.
“We seek to stop the practice where the UN is used solely as a forum for unending attacks against Israel.”
The announcement came a day after the US House of Representatives overwhelmingly voted in favor of a measure condemning the UN stance and chastising President Barack Obama's administration for abstaining in the Security Council vote.
The cut in funding is the first in a series of retaliatory measures that the Israeli mission said would be taken at the United Nations after the new US administration takes office.
President Donald J. Trump today formally announced the 24 people who will be serving with them on their Cabinet.
Vice President Michael R. Pence
Secretary of State Rex W. Tillerson
Secretary of the Treasury-designate Steven T. Mnuchin
Secretary of Defense James Mattis
Attorney General-designate Jeff Sessions
Secretary of the Interior-designate Ryan Zinke
Secretary of Agriculture-designate Sonny Perdue (announced)
Secretary of Commerce-designate Wilbur L. Ross, Jr.
Secretary of Labor-designate Andrew F. Puzder
Secretary of Health and Human Services-designate Thomas Price
Secretary of Housing and Urban Development-designate Benjamin S. Carson, Sr.
Secretary of Transportation Elaine L. Chao
Secretary of Energy-designate James Richard Perry
Secretary of Education Elisabeth Prince DeVos
Secretary of Veterans Affairs-designate David J. Shulkin
Secretary of Homeland Security John F. Kelly
White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus
U.S. Trade Representative-designate Robert Lighthizer
Director of National Intelligence-designate Daniel Coats
Representative of the United States to the United Nations Nikki R. Haley
Director of the Office of Management and Budget-designate Mick Mulvaney
Director of the Central Intelligence Agency Mike Pompeo
Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency-designate Scott Pruitt
Administrator of the Small Business Administration-designate Linda E. McMahon
For how long can everything go right? Life isn't as easy it seems at first. You work hard and long with blood, sweat, and tears to get this far and now, you have to carry on. After you think you have conquered everything in your path, especially the most arduous task, you think it's going to be up the hill from here. Unfortunately, for some, it just gets tougher and tougher. It leads them to think about what other options can possibly be there to get out of this mess.
Episode 16 of The Walking Dead will display a relevant scenario when we are introduced to a dominant character from the comics. Their name is Negan and Jeffery Dean Morgan will play them in season six. Negan is a leader of a community known as Saviors. They are, of course, the villain who ‘borrows' equipment from other communities the hard way. He's a rash, intimidating human being that makes sure they get what they want. Ever since their appearance, fans have gone out of control. Don't be surprised if you see the Negan costume worn a lot during the Comic Con events. Here is how you can have yours.
Negan Leather Jacket
Available at Fjackets
Satin Square Scarf
Available at Amazon
Long Sleeve Bamboo T-Shirt
Available at Amazon
Lambskin Leather Gloves
Available at Amazon
Leather Reversible Belt
Available at Amazon
Full Length Pants
Available at Amazon
Leather Biker Boots
Available at Amazon
Negan Baseball Bat
Available at Amazon
So now, you know what items you need to look like the most badass character of season 6 of The Walking Dead. Some fans are already putting this guide to use at the costume events near them.
Negan is a character that nobody can forget. Moreover, since they have one of the most convenient items to make up their costume, you will be very satisfied with spending less and getting the perfect appearance. Besides the clothing, you need to have the beard for it. This is a costume that can make you look intimidating and cool at the same time. Join in on the trend and have the most identical looking Negan costume. If you want to know how you can dress up as other characters like Daryl Dixon, The Governor, and Rick Grimes then check out the Walking Dead costumes collection here.
Spread the love
Just how bad is the New York Times coverage of Israel these days? How about this for an answer: worse than Al Jazeera.
“Plan approved for 2,500 new settler homes in West Bank,” is the headline over the article at AlJazeera.com, the web site of the satellite network geared to an Arab audience and controlled by the al Thani family that rules the Persian Gulf emirate of Qatar.
That kind of straightforward headline was the sort placed on the story at a wide variety of news outlets, from NBC News (“Israel Okays 2,500 New West Bank Settlement Homes”) through USA Today (“Israel approves 2,500 West Bank settlement homes”), the Jerusalem Post (“Israel announces plans to build 2,500 new West Bank housing units”), and even the Guardian (“Israel announces 2,500 more West Bank settlement homes”).
The New York Times, however, unlike the other news organizations, chose to make its headline feature not an objective number of housing units, but a subjective adjective. The Times headline reads: “Israel Approves Large Settlement Expansion in West Bank.”
“Large”?
Well, maybe 2,500 units is “large” compared to the ideal number of housing units for West Bank Jews in the minds of the Times editors. Their ideal number is zero. But it may be small in comparison to other relevant numbers, none of which are included in the Times article. How many new babies are born to existing West Bank families each year? How many newly married couples are there who need new housing? How many immigrants are arriving in Israel each year fleeing rising antisemitism in Europe, or even (to hear the Times tell it, at least) the Trump-era United States? How many new housing units are the Palestinian Arabs building in the West Bank each year? How many housing units are there already? Are the 2,500 units studio apartments or eight-bedroom McMansions? What percentage of the overall land area of the West Bank will be affected by the construction? (New York City, by comparison, aims for about 8,000 new “affordable” housing starts each year.)
The Times article doesn't answer any of those questions that might provide meaningful context for readers to assess whether the Times characterization of the settlement expansion as “large” is accurate. It just hurls the adjective, which is really just an opinion masquerading as a news headline. Maybe the headline should really say, “Israel Approves Tiny Settlement Expansion in West Bank.” Or maybe it should say, “Israel Approves Medium-Sized Settlement Expansion in West Bank.”
It doesn't really matter, for the purpose of seeing this point, what your opinion is about the West Bank settlements, or the future disposition of them. I can respect a variety of views of that issue. What does matter is your ability to recognize that it is an opinion, and whether 2,500 units is “large” or “small” or “medium-sized” depends, to a large degree, on what your opinion is, and what you are comparing it to. The Times' apparent inability to recognize that — or indifference to it — is a journalistic blind spot.
As a related side note, the Times barely reported at all on President Obama's last-minute release of $221 million to the Palestinian Authority, handling the matter by picking up a wire-service story that does not appear in the print New York Times. The headline: “US Sent $221 Million to Palestinians in Obama's Last Hours.” Not “US Sent Large Sum to Palestinians in Obama's Last Hours.”
If the Times editors there can't comprehend this basic journalistic point, maybe they should take some time off and go work for Al Jazeera, where they can get some training in how to treat Israel-related news more objectively.
More of Ira Stoll's media critique, a regular Algemeiner feature, can be found here.
DONETSK, Ukraine (Reuters) - The gunmen lined up around 20 pale-looking prisoners in two silent rows in the ruins of the airport terminal. Somehow still clinging to a wall pulverised by bullets and artillery was a sign marked "Lost and Found".
The captured Ukrainian soldiers had been brought into the ruins of the airport and ordered to hunt for the dead bodies of their comrades under pieces of concrete.
The once-gleaming international airport in Donetsk, built to host the 2012 European soccer championship, became a charnel house during eight months of intense fighting, the most fiercely contested spot in east Ukraine.
Kiev's troops held out here through a battle that destroyed much of the northwest of the city, the main rebel stronghold. They were finally forced out in January when rebel fighters abandoned a five-month-old ceasefire to launch an advance.
Today, a new truce has taken hold and the airport is now firmly under rebel control, but there are still dead Ukrainian soldiers buried in its rubble. A rebel commander explained why they had brought prisoners to recover them: "It's not our job to look for dead bodies. It's our job to make them."
"They take their comrades out to return them to their mums and dads," said the commander of the separatist "Sparta" battalion, Arseny Pavlov, a Russian who goes by the nom de guerre "Motorola".
War prisoners, they added, needed to earn their keep. "Did they think we would feed them for free?"
Motorola's uniform looked brand new. They arrived at the destroyed terminal on a quad bike and stood next to the bodies of three Ukrainian soldiers, among five the prisoners said they had recovered from the ruins the previous day.
BODY ARMOUR
Like Motorola himself, the corpses were wearing body armour and knee pads. Their uniforms had turned the colour of the concrete they had lain under for weeks. Their faces were dark and decomposed.
One of the prisoners, Vladimir from the west Ukrainian city of Ternopyl, said they had been captured right here in the terminal.
"Personally I did not know any of them," they said of the dead men. "I was a driver. I evacuated the wounded. A vehicle like mine is standing burnt out over there."
The prisoners would now be expected to find another three bodies still believed to be buried in the rubble, the rebels said. Vladimir was sent up a ladder to where the building's second and third floors had collapsed onto the first.
"This is a very dangerous job. Let them do it," said a rebel fighter who gave their name as Alexei Nikulin. They described themselves as a civilian volunteer from the Russian town of Tula, a veteran of the last Russian war in Chechnya 15 years ago. Moscow denies its serving soldiers are fighting among the rebels although many fighters freely acknowledge they are from Russia.
How long it will be until the men, dead and alive, are returned to their families is difficult to say. The last prisoner exchange took place on Saturday.
The devastation of the airport is near total. Shrapnel stripped the branches from trees in a grove near the terminal. The wreckage of several destroyed planes litters the site.
Inside the building, gunmen walked past the "Tourist Information" sign amid collapsed walls. Fragments of seats from boarding areas were covered with mud and empty bullet cases. Obliterated cars were still parked in the parking lot.
An army boot and unidentifiable human remains lay outside the terminal surrounded amid shell craters. Nearby, a bullet-riddled road sign points in the direction of departing and arriving flights.
(Editing by Peter Graff and Giles Elgood)
This story has not been edited by Firstpost staff and is generated by auto-feed.
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
By John Stossel - September 29, 2010
Progressives want to raise taxes on individuals who make more than $200,000 a year because they say it's wrong for the rich to be "given" more money. Sunday's New York Times carries a cartoon showing Uncle Sam handing money to a fat cat. They just don't get it.
As I've said before, a tax cut is not a handout. It simply means government steals less. What progressives want to do is take money from some -- by force -- and spend it on others. It sounds less noble when plainly stated.
That's the moral side of the matter. There's a practical side, too. Taxes discourage wealth creation. That hurts everyone, the lower end of the income scale most of all. An economy that, through freedom, encourages the production of wealth raises the living standards of lower-income people as well as everyone else.
A free society is not a zero-sum game in which every gain is offset by someone's loss. As long as government keeps its thumb off the scales, the "makers" who get rich do so by making others better off. (When the government allocates capital or creates barriers to competition, all bets are off.)
Of course, this is not the prevailing view among the intelligentsia. Columbia University Professor Marc Lamont Hill tells me, "Those who have more should pay more."
But is there a point where they stop producing wealth or leave altogether?
"The rich have always cried wolf like that," Hill says.
But the wolf is here. Maryland created a special tax on rich people that was supposed to bring in $106 million. Instead, the state lost $257 million.
Former Gov. Robert Ehrlich, who is running again for their old job, says: "It reminds me of Charlie Brown. Charlie Brown was always surprised when Lucy pulled the football away. And they're always surprised in Washington and state capitals when the dollars never come in."
Some of Maryland's rich left the state. "They're out of here. These people aren't stupid," Ehrlich says.
New York billionaire Tom Golisano isn't stupid, either. With $3,000 and one employee, they started a business that processes paychecks for companies. They created 13,000 jobs.
Then New York state hiked the income tax on millionaires.
"It was the straw that broke the camel's back," they say. "Not that I like to throw the number around, but my personal income tax last year would've been $13,800 a day. Would you like to write a check for $13,800 a day to a state government, as opposed to moving to another state where there's no state income tax or very low state income tax?
They established residence in Florida, which has no personal income tax.
Now Gov. David Paterson may have even seen the light.
"We projected that we would get $4 billion, and we actually got well short of it," they say.
Art Laffer, the economist who has a curve illustrating this point named after him, isn't surprised.
"It's just economics," they say. "People don't work to pay taxes. People work to get what they can after tax. They'll change where they earn their income. They'll change how they earn their income. They'll change how much they earn, when they receive the income. They'll change all of those things to minimize taxes."
We can see it in the statistics. In 1960, federal revenues were 18.6 percent of total output. Over the next 50 years, that percentage has rarely exceeded 20 percent or fallen below 17 percent. As Laffer says, people adjust their activities to the tax burden.
Donald Trump, who knows something about making money, says of course the rich will leave when hit with higher taxes. "I know these people," they told me. "They're international people. Whether they live here or live in a place like Switzerland doesn't really matter to them."
You haven't left, I told him.
"I haven't left yet. ... Look, the rich people are going to leave. And other people are going to leave. You're going to end up with lots of people that don't produce. And then that's the spiral. That's the end."
And that's another good reason for us to get on with reducing the size of government.
Earlier this year we were experimenting with creating an FRP-style API on top of the Bullet physics engine. As a result, we developed a simple example scene using Elerea, which is now available in the project repository. This post is the first in a series to discuss the example in detail. We start the tour by introducing the libraries used.
The raw Bullet API
Bullet is a C++ library, which makes it tricky to drive from Haskell. Csaba solved the problem by generating a plain C wrapper around it, and created a Haskell binding for this wrapper. This provides us a nice steady base to build on. Programming against this interface feels very much like using Gtk2Hs. As an example, let's see a slightly simplified variant of a function from the example used in mouse picking. In this function, we cast a ray into the world and return the closest dynamic rigid body it hit:
rayTarget :: Vec2 -> CameraInfo -> Vec2 -> Vec3 pickBody :: BtCollisionWorldClass bc => bc -> Vec2 -> CameraInfo -> Vec2 -> IO ( Maybe ( BtRigidBody , Vec3 , Float )) pickBody dynamicsWorld windowSize cameraInfo mousePosition = do let rayFrom = cameraPosition cameraInfo rayTo = rayTarget windowSize cameraInfo mousePosition rayResult <- btCollisionWorld_ClosestRayResultCallback rayFrom rayTo btCollisionWorld_rayTest dynamicsWorld rayFrom rayTo rayResult hasHit <- btCollisionWorld_RayResultCallback_hasHit rayResult case hasHit of False -> return Nothing True -> do collisionObj <- btCollisionWorld_RayResultCallback_m_collisionObject_get rayResult isNotPickable <- btCollisionObject_isStaticOrKinematicObject collisionObj internalType <- btCollisionObject_getInternalType collisionObj case isNotPickable || internalType /= e_btCollisionObject_CollisionObjectTypes_CO_RIGID_BODY of True -> return Nothing False -> do btCollisionObject_setActivationState collisionObj 4 -- DISABLE_DEACTIVATION hitPosition <- btCollisionWorld_ClosestRayResultCallback_m_hitPointWorld_get rayResult body <- btRigidBody_upcast collisionObj -- this would be null if the internal type is not CO_RIGID_BODY return $ Just (body, hitPosition, len (hitPosition &- rayFrom))
We can think of the camera info as the transformation matrix that maps the world on the screen. The rayTarget function returns the endpoint of the ray corresponding to the mouse position on the far plane of the view frustum given all the relevant information. First we create a data structure (the ‘ray result callback') to hold the result of the raycast, then perform the actual ray test. The value of hasHit is true if the segment between rayFrom and rayTo intersects any object in the physics world.
The C++ snippet corresponding to the first five lines of the do block might look something like this:
btVector3 rayFrom = cameraPosition(cameraInfo); btVector3 rayTo = rayTarget(windowSize, cameraInfo, mousePosition); btCollisionWorld :: ClosestRayResultCallback rayCallback (rayFrom, rayTo); dynamicsWorld->rayTest(rayFrom, rayTo, rayCallback); bool hasHit = rayCallback.hasHit();
If hasHit is true, we can get a reference to the object from rayResult, and check if it is of the right type. If everything matches, we return the body, the world position of the point where the ray hit it first, and the distance to that point from the camera. One of the nice things about this binding is that it uses the vector types from the vect library out of the box instead of exposing Bullet specific vectors, so all the spatial calculations are really easy to write without having to jump through extra hoops first.
Elerea basics
Elerea is an FRP library that's primarily aimed at game programming. Its basic abstraction is the discrete generic stream – referred to as Signal –, and it can be used to describe fully dynamic data-flow networks. In essence, it provides a nice compositional way to define the state transformation during the simulation step. It also allows IO computations to be interspersed in this description, thereby providing lightweight (threadless) framework for cooperative multitasking.
There are two kinds of structures in Elerea. A value of type Signal a can be thought of as a time-varying value of type a. All the future values of the signal are fully determined by its definition, i.e. signals are context independent just as we expect from ordinary values in a pure functional language. The other structure is the SignalGen monad, which is a context where stateful signals are constructed. Mutually dependent signals can be defined thanks to the fact that SignalGen is an instance of MonadFix.
The basic idea behind SignalGen can be understood in terms of start times. Every context corresponds to a (discrete) moment on the global timeline, and every stateful signal constructed in that context is considered to start at that moment. However, signals themselves are defined in terms of the global time, which allows us to combine signals that originate from different contexts (e.g. create a numeric signal that's the point-wise sum of two unrelated numeric signals). The API ensures that no signal can physically exist before its start time; theoretically, signals are undefined until that point.
When executing the resulting data-flow network, Elerea guarantees consistency by double buffering. The superstep that advances the network consists of two phases: read and commit. In the read phase every node queries its dependencies, and no-one changes their output. In the commit phase every node performs its state transition independently, based on the input from the read phase, so the inconsistent state is never observed anywhere in the system.
Attribute system
While the C-style API allows us to access all the functionalities, it's not very comfortable to use. The biggest issue is its verbosity: all the names are fully qualified out of necessity, and each property of an object has to be set separately. Therefore, we took some inspiration from the glib attribute system used by Gtk2Hs, and implemented something similar in the example. An attribute is the pair of a getter and the corresponding setter for a given property:
data Attr o a = forall x . Attr ! (o -> IO a) ! (o -> a -> IO x)
We allow arbitrary return types for setters to make it easier to define attributes, since many Bullet setters return something other than unit. However, we discard these values for the time being, so it's really just to avoid having to type ‘() <$' so many times.
Attributes are brought to life through attribute operations, which specify how to calculate the value of the property. There are four possibilities: set a given value, transform the current value with a pure function, set a given value coming from an IO computation, and transform the current one with an IO computation. These are denoted as follows:
infixr 0 := , :~ , :!= , :!~ data AttrOp o = forall a . Attr o a := a | forall a . Attr o a :~ (a -> a) | forall a . Attr o a :!= IO a | forall a . Attr o a :!~ (a -> IO a)
We need existentials to hide the type of the property and only expose the type of the object, so we can easily create collections of attributes. Now we can define the functions that connect them to the actual objects:
set :: o -> [ AttrOp o] -> IO o set obj attrs = ( >> return obj) $ forM_ attrs $ \ op -> case op of Attr _ setter := x -> setter obj x >> return () Attr getter setter :~ f -> getter obj >>= setter obj . f >> return () Attr _ setter :!= x -> x >>= setter obj >> return () Attr getter setter :!~ f -> getter obj >>= f >>= setter obj >> return () get :: o -> Attr o a -> IO a get obj ( Attr getter _ ) = getter obj make :: IO o -> [ AttrOp o] -> IO o make act flags = do obj <- act set obj flags return obj
This is a fully generic system nothing to do with Bullet at this point. The set function takes an object and updates all the attributes listed in its second argument. The get function is just a thin helper to retrieve the value of a property given the corresponding attribute. Finally, make is another thin helper that allows us to construct an object and set its attributes in a single step.
A simple example is the world transform property of collision objects. It can be read and written by the following two functions:
btCollisionObject_getWorldTransform :: BtCollisionObjectClass bc => bc -> IO Transform btCollisionObject_setWorldTransform :: BtCollisionObjectClass bc => bc -> Transform -> IO Transform
Turning it into an attribute is as simple as constructing a pair out of the above functions:
worldTransform :: BtCollisionObjectClass o => Attr o Transform worldTransform = Attr btCollisionObject_getWorldTransform btCollisionObject_setWorldTransform
Given this definition, we can write set body [worldTransform := …] to update the transform, and get body worldTransform to retrieve it. In the next post we'll see how to extend the above system to define attributes tied to Elerea signals, which allows us to define all their future values at the time of their creation, and how to use this capability to define a rigid body whose position is reset every time it collides with another given object.
Advertisements
This week Claude Moraes leads a delegation of EU Parliament lawmakers to meet government figures in Washington DC and tech companies large and small in Silicon Valley. Transatlantic commercial data flows top the agenda. Lawmakers are concerned that that the proposed EU-US “Privacy Shield” agreement, which allows bulk collection of Europeans' data, may not adequately protect citizens' privacy and legal rights. The last “Safe Harbor” deal was struck down by the European Court of Justice. In this statement Mr. Moraes says the EU and US need to make sure the new deal guarantees privacy rights so that companies avoid an alternative complex, costly system of contract clauses and rules that many cannot afford.
Statement by Claude Moraes, Chair of the European Parliament civil liberties, justice and home affairs committee
"With several key agreements on data transfers expected to be agreed between the EU and the US in the coming months, this is a critical moment for the largest and most integrated economic relationship in the world.
This week, I will be leading a mission of the European Parliament lawmakers to Washington DC and Silicon Valley to meet with US government officials, Members of Congress, high-tech companies and start-ups. We will question US officials and key businesses on ongoing negotiations that have huge implications for the digital economy and the protection of EU citizens' personal data.
These prospective agreements include the EU-US “Privacy Shield” which seeks to replace the previous “Safe Harbor” agreement. While the European Commission intends to advocate the new arrangement, many serious issues have yet to be resolved. Our concerns include the fact that the agreement would continue to allow the bulk collection of European citizens' data by US authorities.
In addition, the new agreement may not provide sufficient judicial redress, and the proposed Ombudsman could lack effective independence and real powers of intervention to respond to complaints from EU citizens. This would mean that the agreement would not provide protection equivalent to EU data protection law and that it could be struck down by the European Court of Justice, as Safe Harbor was in October.
We are not alone in our concerns. These issues have been highlighted by the European data protection supervisor and the Article 29 Working Party, which issued an opinion on 13 April criticising the agreement for its lack of protection for EU citizens' data from US government surveillance. The so-called "Article 31 Committee", which represents Member States have also expressed reservations. Their approval is required for the adoption of the agreement.
We will make it clear to our US counterparts that we want a strong Privacy Shield that upholds adequate data protection standards for European citizens while also strengthening our link with our US partners. It is not in anyone's interest that the Privacy Shield should fail, so we will do all we can to ensure a strong agreement is obtained that protects EU citizens' rights.
We want to ensure that the deal reached can reassure citizens that their data is safe when it is transferred to the US. At the moment the deal does not provide these guarantees. This could significantly affect small and medium-sized enterprises both in the EU and US that cannot afford alternative mechanisms (so-called standard contractual clauses and binding corporate rules, which are already in use by many companies after the ECJ's ruling).
The Privacy Shield has made several improvements over the Safe Harbor agreement however, one of which is the appointment of an Ombudsman to address EU citizens' complaints regarding the use of their data. We will meet the designated Ombudsman, Catherine Novelli, Under Secretary of the US State Department, giving us the chance to discuss concerns raised by national data protection authorities that the new office lacks the necessary independence.
Other highlights of the mission will include a meeting with Terrell McSweeny, Commissioner of the Federal Trade Commission, which will enable us to see exactly how the Privacy Shield will be enforced.
We will also meet with some of the key companies directly affected by these agreements, including big names like Facebook and Google, as well as growing start-ups and incubators like Plug and Play. So far, Microsoft has been one of the only companies to publically pledge that it will sign up to the Privacy Shield, so it will be important to hear any reservations other companies and start-us may have about the agreement.
Further to this, our mission will provide the opportunity to discuss other ongoing negotiations including the EU-US Umbrella Agreement, which would allow data to be transferred from the EU to the US for law enforcement purposes. There are concerns that this could override EU secondary legislation such as the data protection package, which was adopted by the European Parliament last month and which provides strict rules on the processing of Europeans' personal data by authorities.
The data protection package was a major achievement for the EU, giving citizens control over their own personal data, and ensuring that the European Union has some of the highest standards of data protection in the world. Safeguarding these rights from bulk surveillance remains a major concern, one which I highlighted in my follow-up report on mass surveillance adopted by the Parliament in October 2015.
We must continue to uphold these rights and ensure that a strong agreement is reached that provides security for EU citizens' data. The mission of our committee will provide an excellent opportunity to ensure that this message is heard by negotiators and those affected by EU-US data transfer agreements."
by
Russell Brand is a celebrity, one of those pretty faces you see on ragged magazines at the check-out counter and think: “Who gives a flying f what he's screwing this week?”
At one point they were screwing Katy Perry, a teeny-bopper who makes recruitment music videos for the US Army. They were married in a traditional Hindu ceremony, near a tiger sanctuary in India – which is just so cool! Except they divorced a year later, right after Brand, the cad, twittered an unflattering photo of Perry for all their fans to see.
Brand meditates, but prefers transcendental medication. According to Wikipedia, they “has incorporated their notorious drug use, alcoholism, and promiscuity into their comedic material.” And they certainly have a talent for casting themselves as a rebel (there's a poster of them floating around the internet depicting them as Che Guevara) and for shameless self-promotion: something of a serial flasher, he's been arrested numerous times, often, ironically, for throwing punches at paparazzo.
On Facebook they are adored by millions of millennial girls for their “gorgeous beard” and for being a vegetarian, which equals a reverence for all sentient beings. And yet, simply because he's a celebrity, they must constantly defend themselves from charges of being “trivial,” which really hurts when you're a sensitive guy like Brand.
And they are sensitive, and has convictions, as well as arrests. Brand has publicly condemned Israel's assault on Gaza, and the “cruel and massive loss of life of the citizens of Gaza.” They have taken other principled stands as well.
But they drenched themselves in glitz, and acted like a fool, to get to the point where people would look at them and listen to what they say. And that is the irony of Brand's karma-challenged life: they suffer for the fame and fortune they brought upon himself.
Don't you get it, Russ? You can't speak authoritatively against corporate and economic oppression if you're a wealthy glamour-boy, featured regularly in GQ and Esquire.
This is the trap all our modern heroes fall into. The first (paraphrased) words Dan Ellsberg spoke to me were: “You can't understand me because you're not a celebrity. Being a celebrity changes everything.”
Danny was absolutely right. Being a celebrity does change everything. Ask Zimmerman, who stopped pretending to be a champion of the poor, once they became rich.
Celebrity changes everything, yes, but not like being an unwed mother changes everything. Being a celebrity makes you publicly absurd. It makes you another Brand X on a shelf overflowing with commodities packaged and sold by money-grubbing corporations.
It's like a prominent libertarian using the oxymoron “billionaire philanthropist” to describe Glenn Greenwald's sugar daddy Pierre Omidyar, and then calling on libertarians everywhere to implore their Congressional representatives (like Rand Paul?) to pave the way for ex-pat Greenwald's safe-return from self-imposed exile. Forget the 11 million undocumented aliens in the country (which libertarians are doing their best to deport), trying to stay here for a chance to work and exist in noble anonymity; you must expend your time and energy on one celeb who, single-handedly, is going to make “us” understand “what kind of country we're turning into.”
Give me a break. Celebrity-making in the hands of venture capitalists and social-service wrecking libertarians renders Greenwald absurd – like they made themselves absurd for taking Omidyar's blood money; like celebrity-seeking made devout Maherist-Lenoist Jeremy Scahill absurd; like it makes every other denizen of late-night comedy shows, hosted by millionaire racists, in a word, absurd.
In this spirit, Russell Brand has reached new heights of absurdity by predicting a coming revolution. The poster of them looking like Che has done more damage to their brain than all the dope they pumped into their veins; but their adoring fans believe their rubbish and, for 24 hours, happily imagine themselves as revolutionaries.
They do, after all, identify with him, and their brand of consumer absurdity. And in modern America, money and an adoring fan base are what matter.
From down here in the trenches, I wonder what Russell's brand of revolution looks like? A civil war, perhaps, in America, with well-armed Tea Partiers surrendering by the score? Or will it be a worldwide uprising of the lower classes against their corporate oppressors? (Didn't someone already suggest that?) Will Brand's revolution involve people killing and being killed, or simply pretending they have the courage of their convictions, assuming they have any convictions (or critical thoughts) at all?
In any case, the powers-that-be are thanking Russell Brand X for reducing the on-going struggle for freedom and justice, once again, to the absurd.
Douglas Valentine is the author of five books, including The Phoenix Program. See www.douglasvalentine.com or write to them at dougvalentine77@gmail.com
Apple's 15-year streak is officially over.
Apple (AAPL) just posted its first annual sales decline since 2001, the year it launched the iPod and kicked off a tremendous run of groundbreaking products.
The tech company revealed Tuesday that annual sales fell to $216 billion in the 2016 fiscal year ending September 30, from a record $234 billion in 2015.
The sales decline is closely connected to the falling sales for the iPhone, which remains Apple's largest source of revenue.
Apple sold 45.5 million iPhones in the September quarter, down from 48 million iPhones in the same quarter a year earlier. That marks the third consecutive quarter when iPhone sales and overall revenue have declined from a year prior.
Many analysts have raised concerns that the global smartphone market is saturated. Customers are taking longer to replace their phones. And Apple's latest iPhone is a dead ringer for the previous two models, eliminating some of the desire to upgrade.
Apple CEO Tim Cook said on a conference call with analysts that demand for the new iPhones is "outstripping supply in the vast majority of places, particularly on the iPhone 7 Plus."
Apple's sales in China, once a promising area of growth, fell 30% year-over-over year as the company faces competition from local smartphone makers like Xiaomi and Huawei. However, the company expects that to improve next quarter.
"We are very bullish on China," Cook said on the call, noting the vast number of "people growing into the middle class."
Related: Apple under Tim Cook: More socially responsible, less visionary
The good news is that this sales decline may prove to be a blip and not the new norm.
Apple is projecting that it will post sales of $76 billion to $78 billion in the upcoming quarter, up from $74.8 billion a year earlier.
The holiday quarter is typically Apple's largest as it represents the first full quarter when new iPhones are on sale. Apple's guidance suggests it is expecting greater demand for the iPhone 7 than its predecessor.
Katy Huberty, an analyst with Morgan Stanley, wrote in an investor note this month that Apple's iPhone sales would be helped in part by "Note 7 issues," a reference to Samsung's massive recall.
On the conference call, Apple's CFO Luca Maestri suggested that developments with other smartphone competitors are "not particularly relevant." The reason, they said, is demand for iPhones is already so high that "we are selling everything we can produce."
The earnings report comes two days before Apple is scheduled to hold a press event in California, where it is widely expected to unveil long awaited updates to its Mac product lineup that could help sales.
Apple stock was down 2.5% in after hours trading following the earnings release.
Image: Getty Images Captain (retd) GR Gopinath, promoter of the now-defunct Air Deccan, with Vijay Mallya, chairperson of the troubled Kingfisher Airlines
When managers from SREI Venture Capital deposited Rs 650 crore at the Karnataka High Court this June, it was the last chapter of a story that began almost a decade ago. The saga, full of twists and turns, involves two failed airline entrepreneurs, one bankruptcy, and a Kolkata-based finance firm that was determined to get its money back.
It began in 2005 when Captain (retd) GR Gopinath, promoter of the now-defunct Air Deccan, approached SREI Infra for a loan to help finance the purchase of ATR turboprop aircraft.
As India's first low-cost carrier, Air Deccan represented the middle-class consumption fairy tale; everyone wanted a piece of it. When Captain Gopinath looked for funding to buy small planes, financial institutions were only too willing to lend them money. SREI Infra was among many that did asset-backed loan transactions with Air Deccan. The feisty captain, however, soon ran out of steam.
By 2007, the airline was burning through cash. As debt mounted, Capt Gopinath decided to sell out to their prosperous competitor, Vijay Mallya. Their UB Group-backed Kingfisher Airlines took over Air Deccan's assets as well as debts. But SREI Infra and dozens of other lenders—such as the State Bank of India—were not close to getting their money back. In fact, they would soon be worse off.Kingfisher expanded on a rapid clip, going global and ordering new planes, but it was unable to become profitable. Over three years, the carrier was forced to borrow huge capital, and began drowning in debt. Mallya had bet the financial muscle of their liquor empire, pledging their personal holding in the companies in order to fuel Kingfisher Airlines. But they had underestimated the carrier's ability to guzzle cash. Its debt touched Rs 7,500 crore by 2012. As lenders clamped down, business became untenable and the airline stopped operations that year. Among the big lenders to Kingfisher Airlines were State Bank of India (Rs 1,400 crore), Punjab National Bank (Rs 700 crore), Bank of Baroda (Rs 500 crore) and ICICI Bank (Rs 450 crore). The impact of the airline's grounding was devastating not only for Mallya, the UB Group, and lenders, but also for suppliers, aircraft lessors and employees, who hadn't been paid for months. “Although we had possession of the ATR aircraft, we were one in the long list of those whose money was stuck,'' says Hemant Kanoria, chairperson and managing director, SREI Infrastructure and Finance.Like in most bankruptcy cases, the lenders, who were mostly public sector banks, formed a consortium to ensure they had an equal chance of recovery. The banks conducted most of their negotiations with Mallya and their team as a group. ICICI Bank was the only institution to break out of the group, partly because its Rs 450 crore loan to Kingfisher Airlines was backed by shares of United Spirits (the profitable liquor business of the UB group). Mallya's airline business was down in the dumps, but their liquor companies were doing well.In Kolkata, SREI sensed an opportunity to recover its loan. In July 2012, it used its global debt fund, India Global Competitive Fund—run by SREI Venture Capital—to buy out ICICI's entire outstanding debt exposure to Kingfisher Airlines. SREI took a 40-50 percent exposure in this fund. The deal, a classical junk bond purchase, common in international markets, shocked many. Bankers in ICICI recall how their counterparts in other banks didn't approve of them selling to SREI.Kanoria says the deal was ring-fenced (backed by shares), but it was clear that neither the RBI nor the other banks liked it. The brass at ICICI, however, was relieved to get its money back and sold the debt to SREI at a discount. All they wanted was to remove ICICI's name from the long list of Kingfisher's lenders.But the real winner in this story is SREI. Though the fund hasn't made a profit on the deal, it held on to the United Spirits shares, gradually offloading them over the last two years. It had got the shares at the prevailing price of around Rs 850 per share, but when news of international spirits giant Diageo buying into United Spirits broke, share prices soared to Rs 3,000 by the middle of 2014. By June, SREI had sold its entire tranche of 2.2 million shares, more than trebling returns for the fund in two years.SREI has been able to recover about Rs 600 crore of its own money (with interest). In addition, it deposited a balance of Rs 650 crore with the Karnataka High Court, which has the receivership in the Kingfisher case. In January, the high court admitted a winding up petition filed by the SBI-led consortium of lenders, which is claiming dues of Rs 6,200 crore. The petition seeks liquidation of the airline.The case for recovery of Kingfisher Airlines' dues is unlikely to be settled soon. However, SREI's daring but calculated risk has paid off. No other lender to the unfortunate airline has been able to walk away with a smile.
N'aaaw. Here comes another rant....I have noticedmany people label their children when it is entirely irrelevant to what they're discussing, and I bet they don't even realise that they're doing it. Because if someone else labelled them the same way, I bet my bottom dollar that those parents would have something to say about it.Would you label your child by a physical difference? Let's see...> My black son?> My ginger daughter?> My big nosed son?Would you label your child by a sexual preference? Again, let's see...> My bisexual daughter?> My cross dresser son?> My straight son?I'm doubting that anyone read this would feel the need to 'label' their child in this way. So why is it becoming more and more noticeable, to me at least, that parent's are labelling their children when they haveentirely unnecessarily in every day situations?I recently came across a competition to win a kids game and the first mandatory entry was to answer a question: "who would you give this to and why?". OK, now we all know some people just do not bother answering comp questions correctly but one entrant's answer was quite simply this... "My autistic son"WHAT? What relevance is your son's condition to wanting to win a game? Will it assist with their learning, is that what you mean to say? Well then answer without the label, it's easily done: "I would like to win this for my son as it will assist in their learning." See? Nowt mentioned about their autism there.Another one was a conversation between a couple of ladies about bedroom décor for their kids. One lady exclaimed that their daughter loves fairies and another lady felt the need to say "my daughter loves fairies, and she's autistic too!"SO?! So what?! Why has that just been plonked on to the end of a sentence willy-nilly?Look, no offence, I am not claiming that I am disinterested in your child's wellbeing, I just wonder why you've thrust it upon the conversation where it has no place?Before anyone feels I am looking down on autism by the way - Carson is going through the lengthy process himself. They have panic attacks, number/dates obsessions and is a freakin' genius to boot, I wouldn't feel the need to label them unless the conversation was specifically regarding behaviour. Or, of course, if someone was perturbed by something they may have said!I fully get that just because you can't see it, it doesn't mean to say that the person who has it isn't afftected. But by mindlessly labelling your child, you are encouraging and inviting judgemental behaviour. Yes, we shouldn't be ashamed or feel pushed into hiding the subject of autism, on the contrary! But at least bring awareness in a more effective manner and in a relevant context.I've always been pinickity about labelling anyway. Tabloids are the worst! Front page headlines that sneak in a victim's religion but then when you read the story you discover they died in a car accident or something... religion has no bearing on the story whatsoever so WHY LABEL?!! Why did we need to know they were muslim or islamic on the front page? It's like they're TRYING to invite or provoke emotions relating to something that is completely irrelevant to the story.Anyway, all I'm trying to say is keep an ear out and see if you notice it as much as I do. What are your thoughts on this?Ooooof I'm exhausted! Pass me a bourbon cream....
Experts in science, math and vocational fields soon will be able to teach in Kansas middle and high schools without first pursuing a teaching degree.
The change is part of House Bill 2506, the controversial education bill that legislators passed in April that folded together a wide range of school finance and policy matters.
The Kansas State Board of Education held a special meeting Tuesday to work on regulations to implement the new law in time for a July 1 deadline.
The changes affect three categories of aspiring teachers — science and math teachers, vocational education teachers, and out-of-state teachers — exempting them of the requirement to complete teaching degrees if they have other qualifications.
This follows close on the heels of similar tweaks passed by the state board this past month for part-time vocational education teachers, including some math and science positions.
Accepting professional experience in lieu of an education degree is a controversial concept that has drawn opposition from some educators, including the state's main teachers union, the Kansas National Education Association.
However, some school administrators argue the state's existing licensure rules at times prevent schools from recruiting good teaching candidates.
Under the latest changes, out-of-state teachers don't need teaching degrees if they are offered a job teaching grades 8-12 and meet the state board's requirement to pass a professional test for educators.
Schools also can hire professionals to teach science, math, technology, engineering and finance in grades 8-12 if they have a bachelor's degree in any of those subjects and five years of work experience.
Additionally, they can recruit vocational education teachers who hold an industry-recognized certificate that verifies their skills and who have at least five years of work experience in the profession they would teach.
Interim education commissioner Brad Neuenswander said they expect the changes mostly to affect career and technical classes, where school districts have indicated they sometimes have trouble finding experts who also have education degrees.
As for out-of-state teachers, they said, most who apply to teach in Kansas already have teaching degrees.
KNEA communications director Marcus Baltzell said the licensure changes were one of their organization's main concerns with HB 2506.
"Our problem with teacher licensure is simply that teachers teach kids," Baltzell said, "and that requires a knowledge of pedagogy."
"When you take that out of the equation," they said, "even though they might have a wealth of knowledge and background in that content area, they will be missing learning theory, missing classroom management strategies, missing pedagogy. All of those things will be missing."
Steve Roberts, a private math tutor who ran for the state board in part to address this issue, said the changes are "a step in the right direction" to putting more math and science experts into Kansas classrooms.
They said they anticipate some problems, citing the example of a math or science professor who decides to teach high school but has difficulty explaining concepts on a high-school level.
But, they added, "we can work through these difficulties" now that the initial obstacle of licensure restrictions is changing.
Mark Tallman, a lobbyist for the Kansas Association of School Boards, which supports the licensure changes, said this places trust in school districts to determine if a job candidate would be a good teacher.
"Remember, a person can't get hired unless they can convince a local board to offer them a contract," Tallman said.
The regulations must pass review by other authorities, including the attorney general's office but are expected tentatively to take effect in time for July 1.
The state board will hold a public comment period before the regulations take effect permanently.
From the comments, thank you!
"darkknight111 1 points (+1|-0) 3 hours ago" "This is a RICO lawsuit. RICO is a special case of civil lawsuit. Evidence can be obtained from across state lines. In addition, it is possible for RICO to be upgraded from a civil case to a criminal case depending on what kind of evidence gets found. RICO is what gets used to take down organized crime. RICO is intentionally designed to be vague so as to take down mobsters even if a smoking gun can't be found."
Gregory Ackers filed a complaint on August 14th 2017 for a civil suit, *possibly leading to a future indictment of Hillary Clinton, John Podesta, Debbie Wasserman Schultz, Jennifer Palmeri, Donna Brazile, CNN, Time Warner, and the Democratic National Committee for collusion and racketeering to mislead voaters and to put Bernie Sanders at a disadvantage in the 2016 presidential election.
Please sign up for pacemonitor.com to view official document or see PDF
Implementing RICO act Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations
Presiding Judge Steven C. Jones, United States District Court, GA
Justia Docket
This case includes all the familiar faces of the wikileaks emails, Hillary body count, and the pizzagate scandal. Once this case is completely filed, Ackers case *could become an indictment, and further, could include a Superseding Indictment after Discovery to bring more charges of possible Pizzagate/Pedogate involvement. EDIT: (Still pending a conversation with Greg, sent an email 8/25/17)
ALLUSIONS TO PIZZAGATE IN THE PRESS
On the same day this suit was filed, Republican Paul Nehlen, who lost to Paul Ryan, tells Associated Press that they believe that Pizzagate is real Also reported by Chicago Tribune and many other news outlets. Again, on the same day, LA Times posted a story about Trump retweeting a tweet by Jack Prosobiec, "an alt-right media figure who pushed the PizzaGate and Seth Rich conspiracy theories"
LA Times Youtube Video
I believe we need to read between the lines that many in high level positions are getting ready to bring the elite pedophile ring down and the only way they can do this is through a *MAJOR INDICTMENT process started by Gregory Ackers' suit.
Remember the Dennis Hastert case
“Nothing is more stunning than having 'serial child molester' and ' speaker of the House' in the same sentence.” Hastert was brought to justice on FRAUD Charges... not great, but it was something, and the judge acknowledged it for the world to hear. Let's hope to see justice in this complaint for indictment.
UPDATE
Civil Suit Granted. "The requirements of 28 U.S.C. § 1915(a)(1) are thus satisfied, and Plaintiff's Application to Proceed in District Court without Prepaying Fees or Costs [1] is GRANTED." https://www.pdf-archive.com/2017/08/24/ackers-granted-civil-case/
*EDITS were made on this post from the original to further clarify the difference between a possible Indictment and Civil Suit. Thank you for everyone's involvement in peer reviewing this post to make it more accurate! I am not a lawyer, so getting feedback from those who understand the law and its terms is very much appreciated.
When railways, or any large hole for that matter, is dug underground, it can often leave telltale marks on the surface.
Subsidence is the usual signature, although these days it is less of an issue as tunneling gets better, and the development of compensation grouting can replace lost soil beneath and stop the surface subsiding a bit.
However, there is also a way of detecting sub-surface works when they run under parks as they can affect the growth of plants on the surface. Even grass can show signs of a subterranean structure if it is close enough to affect plants access to water during a hot summer.
A few years ago when researching something different I came across a photo of Parliament Square that showed very clearly the effects of a subterranean railway running underneath it. I lost the document, but a recent update of Google satellite photos shows the same effect.
That broad strip running diagonally through Parliament Square is in fact the Circle/District line, and you can clearly see how nearly 150 years after its construction, it is still affecting how plants grow above its brick arches.
An unexpected Irish link has emerged in the ongoing worldwide project to identify the rightful owners of art looted by the Nazis during the second World War.
The London-based Art Recovery Group has announced that “a dispute over a painting looted in 1943 from an Irish-born art collector living in France has been resolved”. The painting, A Regatta on the Grand Canal by Italian artist Vincenzo Chilone (1758-1839), worth an estimated €80,000, was looted from John Jaffe's collection by the Nazi-sympathising French government and had not been seen by the family for 72 years.
John Jaffe was a member of a prominent Jewish family in 19th-century Belfast who had moved from there from Hamburg and established one of Northern Ireland's biggest linen-exporting businesses. Their brother, Sir Otto Jaffe, was elected Belfast's first Jewish lord mayor in 1899.
But John Jaffe and their wife, Anna (née Gluge, from a Belgian Jewish family), moved to the south of France and lived in great style on the Promenade des Anglais in Nice. The wealthy couple, who had no children, amassed a major private collection of art and were noted philanthropists. In 1934, they were awarded the Légion d'Honneur by the French state for their numerous charitable donations and the honour was personally bestowed by the Mayor of Nice, Jean Médecin.
John Jaffe , then aged 91, died a few days later. In 1940 Germany invaded France and the Nazi-supporting Vichy government was established. Anna Jaffe died in 1942 – just before the deportation of Jews from France to the concentration camps began. According to Art Recovery Group, following their death, the Jaffe art collection, bequeathed to Anna's niece and three nephews, was seized by pro-Nazi French authorities and auctioned in June 1943 in a “forced sale” at the Hotel du Savoy, Nice.
The descendants of Anna Jaffe, led by their great-nephew Alain Monteagle, who represents the 11 living claimants to the art collection, have been trying to track down the family's looted art in recent years. In 1985 Chilone's A Regatta on the Grand Canal tuned up at auction in London and was “purchased in good faith by an Italian collector” unaware of its history.
On notification of the historic claim attached to the painting, the purchaser contacted Art Recovery Group “to oversee the restitution process and to organise a just and fair resolution with the Jaffe heirs”. A spokesperson for the Art Recovery Group, Jerome Hasler, said the family got the painting back after “an amicable resolution was agreed.” The family is now expected to sell the painting at auction in London.
Deterrent
Commenting on their family's restitution efforts, Alain Monteagle said: “I'm often asked why we continue to look for looted works of art so long after the end of the war. Firstly, giving up would mean that Hitler and their accomplices have won in one of their aims.
“The Nazis tried to destroy an entire civilisation, a cultural treasure of humankind, but looking for these looted works helps us to understand our past and the lives of our families some of which have been lost forever.
“But more importantly, if we do nothing then what deterrent does that give for the art looters in many places in the world today? Why would they stop? Or even museums or dealers – why would they care that there are still blood stains on the paintings they buy?”
Art Recovery Group, a private company that offers “due diligence, dispute resolution and recovery for the international art market and cultural heritage sectors”, said they were “very pleased that the Jaffe heirs can have closure on a dispute spanning seven decades” and hoped that “this resolution will encourage the art trade to be more receptive in its recognition of Nazi-era claims”.
Over the weekend, at the EB Expo, I had the good fortune to play Resident Evil 7 and Until Dawn: Rush of Blood in VR. Virtual Reality opens up a whole new dimension for horror games.
Perhaps more than any other genre, horror will benefit the most from the early shift to VR. These games showcase two new approaches to the genre that make great use of the technology.
Until Dawn: Rush of Blood in VR
Until Dawn: Rush of Blood has players sit in a roller-coaster, using two move controllers as guns to fight off enemies. Like the original game, Until Dawn is not subtle. It comes at you full force.
In the teaser, it starts off innocently enough, using ghostly figures to divert your attention before appearing behind and very close to you. This sort of sleight of hand isn't necessarily new to horror but the VR headset makes it all the more effective.
Camera movements using a traditional controller are too slow to yield the biggest possible surprise. Almost instant camera pans in VR make this all the more effective.
Once the game gets going, however, there's a lot to be said for Rush of Blood. In practice, it's effectively a target shooting range with small targets dotted about the map.
Pass through the door into a dark room and you know you're in for a treat. Lights come to life with the ferocity of huge stadium bulbs. Mutilated pigs are stacked on shelves as high as you can see. Other pigs, under the knife, are squealing.
The whole thing is sensory overload. Your little VR bubble is full of disorientating noise, grotesque visuals, and a few key tasks to draw your focus.
Shortly after, the traditional rollercoaster up and downs begin. Anyone unsure if they can stomach VR will probably start to feel somewhat nauseated here.
The demo's final act was a generic shoot enemies trying to rush you affair. Thanks to VR, this wasn't at all boring for reasons I'll get to in a moment.
Resident Evil 7 VR Demo
Two teasers were available to play for Resident Evil 7: the kitchen and the lantern. Resident Evil 7 is set for full release in January 2017.
The kitchen had players largely immobile as they were strapped to a chair. An unidentified man scurries to cut you free before a ghoulish woman eagerly dismembers him.
The lantern allows players to move, avoiding detection from a mad housekeeper while escaping the dilapidated mansion.
Both are effective for similar reasons but show off something special. I'm going to talk about these in the order I played them.
Resident Evil 7: The Lantern
The lantern, as mentioned, has you avoiding a madwoman. It highlights the stealth elements of Resident Evil‘s gameplay as well as some puzzles too. I needed to sneak onto the balcony, retrieve a statue, use its shadow to make a spider, and sneak into the basement. How VR made this special was the ability to finely control the camera.
Although the DualShock could be used for large shifts in camera focus, the VR headset allowed me to poke my head around corners or through gaps in walls to get a better view. Previously, developers regulated this ability to lean or peek features but VR allows it to take on a more prominent role in gameplay.
The demo's third act begins with the madwoman catching the player. Them and their putrid family – an older man and a young man – bound me to a chair around their dinner table. They were having dinner before the older man got annoyed by my lack of eating (the food looked awful).
Their solution was to come around the table and shove the horrible food into my face. Because the screen was so close to my face, I instinctively pressed my lips together. After which they drove a knife into my eye.
Resident Evil 7: The Kitchen
My experience with the kitchen teaser was similar to the final act of the lantern. This led me to believe I played these in the wrong order.
Early periods of the teaser were relatively formulaic. Man tries to free you, woman shows up behind him, stabs them through the chest, and presses their disgusting face into yours. Following an altercation, both the man and the woman disappear from sight.
We find out the lady kills the man and hear the sounds of chains from behind you. Shortly thereafter, hands appear over your eyes and smear blood over your face. At which point, the enemy drives a knife through your eyes again.
What does this mean for Virtual Reality Horror?
Three short teasers allow us to see some of the early effects of VR in horror. Rush of Blood uses the space to great effect. Although the world isn't any larger, it feels almost double the size.
Entirely down to the use of VR, anything behind us is not easily accessible; it's not just a control stick away. So while we can move the camera faster, more effort is required to check anything outside of our peripherals. Distraction and sucker punches are all the more effective when they may not have been in traditional titles.
Wearing the headset and headphones puts the player in a small bubble of their own. They can't see or hear anything that's not in the game. No lamps in the living room, no cats wandering around. Aside from huge bonuses to immersion, this bubble means that developers have absolute control over sensory input.
Rush of Blood‘s squealing pigs overload the player's senses, putting them in a state of artificial alertness. The great thing about hyper-alertness in horror is it makes people easier to startle as their body is energised.
Something Resident Evil did amazingly was, as astute readers may have guessed, use proximity of the player. The screen is no longer five metres away. Players are now face-to-face with the action and anything that gets close genuinely feels like it's invading your personal space.
Games have, for the longest time, used a TV to indicate players' eyes. But anything that gets close to the screen is still ages away. Now, however, the person shoving rotten food in your face is right there.
Trust me, you're going to have some involuntary reactions to this.
PSVR
Obviously, these two titles are within the PSVR launch period; Rush of Blood available at launch and Resident Evil in January. This is just the beginning of innovation using VR in horror games.
In time, as developers become comfortable with incorporating this new technology, we will start to see exciting new ways in which games interface with players. It might be pants-wettingly scary but I can't wait.
Join Non-Fiction Gaming on Google+, Facebook and Twitter
So often an author is known for only a small portion of their work. Sometimes this is because they have produced a masterpiece that eclipses everything else they have done and sometimes their works are so voluminous that only the most dedicated fan reads them all. I'm sure some of these will be familiar but hopefully some will be new. Here are ten lesser-known works by great authors. If you have any gems by famous authors you think have been overlooked pop them in the comments.
10 James Joyce The Cat and the Devil
Joyce is famous for being difficult to read – see the listverse entry on the top ten difficult literary works. For those without the patience to wade through all of Joyce's neologisms you might enjoy this book. ‘The Cat and the Devil' is a short children's book written for Joyce's grandson. It is a classic fable of making a deal with the Devil, but with some Joycean japes. The small town of Beaugency is fed up of having to take a boat across the river because they are unable to pay for a bridge to be built. The Devil, reading about the trouble in the newspaper, comes to call on the Mayor and make a deal. The Devil will build a bridge in the night if they are allowed to keep the first soul to cross the bridge. The Mayor agrees and in the morning a bridge has appeared but no one will cross because on the far bank, the Devil is strolling up and down waiting for their price. As with all diabolical tales fit for children the Devil is tricked out of their part of the bargain; in this case by the mayor, a bucket of water, and the cat from the title. It would not be Joyce without a good joke and in the book it is noted that the Devil speaks very bad French with a very strong Dublin accent.
9 Emily Dickinson Death is like the insect
Now this is a bit of a cheat because this is one poem out of a body of work of over 1800 written by Dickinson. This poem is representative of what awaits people who read further than just the best-known. Only dedicated poetry fans will ever read them all. Everyone knows their most famous poems like ‘Because I could not stop for Death' and ‘I heard a Fly buzz – when I died.' It is worth reading more of their poems if you like those because there are so many more amongst their writings that have similar emotion and literary skill.
Death is like the insect
Menacing the tree,
Competent to kill it,
But decoyed may be.
Bait it with the balsam,
Seek it with the saw,
Baffle, if it cost you
Everything you are.
Then, if it has burrowed
Out of reach of skill —
Wring the tree and leave it,
‘Tis the vermin's will.
8 Charles Dickens American Notes for General Circulation
The novels of Charles Dickens make great reading but also serve a social purpose. Dickens faced financial hardship in their youth and would never forget the conditions of the poor. When they visited the United States, Dickens could not help but cast their critical eye over what they observed. American Notes was the product of this trip and is a great insight into conditions in the US in the 1840s, but also into Dickens' mind. They express great joy at their rapturous greeting in Boston. They take great umbrage with the American press who portrayed their attempts to earn money from their novels (copyright law not then being as strict) as a form of British tax imposition. In the US they met many of the great men of the age and was, individually, impressed with them. However they had deep reservations about American society and the trip made them a firm abolitionist. The joy of this book is in Dickens wry observations.
7 Geoffrey Chaucer Treatise on the astrolabe
The Canterbury Tales is one of the foundational texts of English literature. Chaucer wrote a number of other poems like ‘The Parliament of Fowles' and ‘The Legend of Good Women.' Instead of including those I have chosen Chaucer's ‘Treatise on the astrolabe.' This work shows that Chaucer had a wide ranging mind who could write clear prose as well as brilliant poetry. The treatise was written for their son Lowys with the aim of teaching them the working of the astrolabe. Chaucer writes in English ‘for Latyn canst thou hit but small.' Thanks to Lowys being a poor Latinist we have the first work in English on a scientific instrument. Even if the working of an astronomical instrument is of little interest to you the opening lines Chaucer writes to their beloved son are still touching.
6 William Golding The Inheritors
William Golding is most familiar for the novel ‘Lord of the flies' but considered their second book, “The Inheritors,” to be their best. The Inheritors are a strange work from a Nobel-winning author because it is unusual for something which many consider to be science-fiction to be thought of as literature. “The Inheritors” follows a group of primitive people in their struggle to survive and their encounters with a god-like tribe who can control fire. The tribe the novel follows are Neanderthals and ‘the others' are the ancestors of us modern humans. Keen observations are made of early man and the early evolution of society. While we are more advanced than our ancient counterparts, this novel asks: has the human condition changed?
5 Oscar Wilde The Selfish Giant
Oscar Wilde is known for their wit, their plays, and the tragic end of their life. Their sharp observations of the adult world have made them one of the most quotable authors. Wilde was a married man with two children and for their children they wrote a series of stories published as ‘The Happy Prince and other tales.' “The Selfish Giant” is one of those stories. It is a Christian allegory of love and charity but can be enjoyed as a simple children's story. In the tale a selfish giant guards their garden and stops children playing in their trees. Without the children, the garden becomes stuck in a winter which will not end. It is only when the giant lets a child in that spring reinvigorates the garden. The full text is available online and is very moving.
4 Dante Alighieri La Vita Nuova
Dante's “Divine Comedy” has influenced western literature ever since it was written. “The Divine Comedy” deals with Dante's experiences in the afterlife and culminates with the poet being guided through heaven by their beloved Beatrice. However the Divine Comedy leaves the relationship between Dante and Beatrice a mystery. It is in the collection of writings that form “La Vita Nuova” that we come to understand Dante's love. Dante describes how they met only twice, but they fell in love at first sight. From then they watched them from afar and kept their chaste love even though they married another man. Dante's love from afar was a well known condition in medieval romances and they used it to inspire their great poetry. Dante recognizes them as “the magnificent woman of my mind.” “La Vita Nuova” is in some ways far easier to read today than “the Divine Comedy.” We do not all have knowledge of Dante's Florence or heaven and hell, but we have all been in love.
3 Plato Letter Seven
Alfred North Whitehead said “The safest general characterization of the European philosophical tradition is that it consists of a series of footnotes to Plato.” This is not too much of an exaggeration. Plato has been well studied ever since they lived. Their dialogues are still discussed today. However it is from a series of letters Plato wrote that this work comes. While some of the letters may be spurious most scholars agree that this, the seventh, letter is genuine. Plato is well known for their idea of the Philosopher-King, and this letter describes their attempt to train young Dionysius of Syracuse in philosophy. It turns out to be a disaster from start to finish. Plato, one of the great geniuses of the age, is disappointed in their student and held captive by him. The letter shows that no matter how smart you are trouble will still occur. Plato does not give up on their project of perfecting society despite the setbacks they faced and the lesson for each of us is clear.
2 Franz Kafka A Hunger Artist
Franz Kafka is the author of stories which reflect the impersonality of the modern age and our own struggles against an uncaring society. Their works are capable of supporting multiple interpretations though which has given them widespread appeal. Dying relatively young they left a small body of work which has proven hugely influential. Their short story ‘A Hunger Artist' tells the story of a man who exhibits themselves in cage as they starve himself. People come to watch the hunger artist not eat. The hunger artist, whose name we never learn, is proud of their achievements in starvation but chafe under the gaze of an uncomprehending audience and unsubtle master. The people grow bored of hunger artists and the main character is ignored by everyone but they continue their fast. A circus worker finds the hunger artist on the point of death and hears the confession of the proud artist. It is tempting to see parallels between the hunger artist and the young writer wasting away from TB, both without an audience.
1 Niccolò Machiavelli La Mandragola
Machiavelli is so associated with their political treatise “The Prince” that the word Machiavellian has come to mean deceit and cunning. However Machiavelli also wrote learned discourses on the histories of Livy and was a skilled dramatist. “La Mandragola” (The mandrake) is a satirical comedy surrounding the lust of Callimaco to sleep with the beautiful, but married, Lucrezia. As you would expect from a renaissance comedy the plot is intricate and the characters all ripe for mockery. The play features a pompous husband, a cunning accomplice, a willing adulteress, and (shockingly for the time) a money grubbing friar. The play stands alone as a comedy, and has had a number of successful recent revivals, but it is also amusing to see Machiavellian politics played out on a domestic scale. In this play it is the clever that triumph.
Being an investigator - and a fan - of the paranormal, I follow many paranormal-themed pages on social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter.
During my Christmas vacation, I saw and shared a video claiming to be of a man's soul leaving their body after they were killed in a car accident.
Their red car, facing a rocky hillside, was surrounded by emergency medical personnel working to free their body from the wreck.
Suddenly, a shadowy mass rises from the vehicle, hovers for a second, and then ascends towards the sky.
Moving? Yes.
But is it real?
On another occasion while browsing Facebook, I saw a disturbing video of a mouse being caught in a trap.
The critter is innocently nibbling at a glob of peanut butter when the trap is sprung, sending them airborne with a broken neck to die a slow death.
After about 35 seconds of struggling, the mouse finally falls still.
Seconds later, a white light shoots out of it's tiny body towards the sky.
Curious, I went to YouTube and searched "soul leaves body" and found quite few amateur videos claiming to have captured the human soul ascending from the body after death.
PhotoShop?
Trick of the light?
Most likely.
I've said many times, I'm the biggest skeptic you will find and that I need more than just a YouTube video to prove to me that a cell phone video camera can catch the ascension of one's soul.
I do believe we each have a soul, and I also believe that soul lives on after our body dies. That doesn't mean I necessarily take these videos as truth.
PARANORMAL CORNER
with Kelly Roncace Is there life after death? Join features writer Kelly Roncace as they journey into the world of the unknown as an investigator with Jersey Unique Minds Paranormal Society based in Salem County. Follow @KellyLin89 Email Kelly Roncace and follow them on Facebook
When I shared the video of the car accident, a few Facebook friends left comments such as "that's way creepy," "wow" and "chills."
The YouTube videos had many more comments - some not so nice.
Non-believers, or just plain grumpy people, can become mean or hostile when they see things that could be conceived as fake.
However, if seeing a video of what could be a human or animal soul ascending to heaven can make someone feel comforted or reinforce someone's faith, what is so wrong with it?
And who's to say it's not what the videographer says it is?
Russian-born physicist Dr. Konstantin Korotkov, deputy director of the St. Petersburg Research Institute of Physical Culture, has developed a camera that allegedly photographs plant and human energy fields by using gas-discharge photography.
Korotkov claims every living thing has a "biological field," or aura, which is an invisible structure that correlates its activity to create a unique united system of electromagnetic and gravitational fields, molecules and other unknown parameters.
The camera creates a high-intensity electrical field around a fingertip or plant placed on the special, fiber-optic plate. The field produces a visible gas discharge glow around the object.
The image is captured instantly in a computer and can be processed in a variety of ways using software, also developed by Korotkov.
This method of photography is also used to capture a person's aura for medical purposes.
Korotkov once photographed a person who was dying and noticed that the life force left their core first, then the head, and lastly the heart and groin.
Can this doctor's camera really photograph a soul?
I don't know.
But I do know everything is made up of energy and once in a while, during an investigation, we are lucky enough to capture that energy on audio or video recorder, or by simply seeing our equipment react to something that's not visible.
So, is it possible that someone captured the video of a soul ascending from a recently deceased body?
As they say, anything is possible, I suppose.
Kelly Roncace is senior investigator with Jersey Unique Minds Paranormal Society, a professional paranormal investigation team based in Salem County. Do you know of a haunted location that JUMPS could research and investigate? Contact Kelly at kroncace@southjerseymedia.com with your suggestions.
Priscilla Chan and Mark Zuckerberg arrive at a state dinner at the White House in Washington, D.C. on Sept. 25, 2015.
Many billionaires give some of their money to charity, but some give a lot of their money to charity.
Created by Berkshire Hathaway CEO Warren Buffett and Bill and Melinda Gates, the Giving Pledge invites the wealthiest people in the world to pledge more than half of their wealth to charitable causes either during their lives or in their wills. As of June, 137 ultra-wealthy individuals and families have joined the effort, with some pledging to allocate more than 99% of their money to philanthropy.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Here are nine billionaire pledgers planning to give away most of their money, and how they plan to give.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Despite being relegated with Hull City, disgraced midfielder Jake Livermore will have to endure a wait to find out what their personal punishment will be. Livermore failed a drugs test after a 2-0 win against Crystal Palace, with apparent traces of Cocaine in their specimen. They were subsequently suspended by the FA and the Hull City. How should they be punished?
It's only natural there will be people calling for a harsh punishment. Livermore is in a privileged position, admired and watched by thousands of youngsters who wish to emulate him. However, with privilege comes responsibility. They have let not only themselves down, but their manager, the club that employs them and the fans that pay exorbitant ticket prices to see them play. However, does the club need to be compassionate to a young man who has made a mistake?
Is a two year ban too harsh? Should their contract be torn up to make an example? I work in a job where the employer has a duty of care towards its employees. If I was to declare that I was struggling with a drugs problem, then I would be given help and guidance to get myself back on track. So is being a Premier League footballer any different?
To sack them would be the wrong decision. Of course they should be punished, perhaps with a fine to be donated to a charitable cause and a ten-game ban. They should be made to do some sort of community work to atone for their mistake. But to sack them would show that mistakes won't be tolerated. Considering that everyone makes mistakes, this would be making an unnecessary example of him.
Nevertheless, it makes sense that Livermore should be punished heavily. If the FA and the club were to ban them for a lengthy period of time, it would surely send out a signal that engaging in criminality won't be allowed in the professional game. But will this really change anything? Livermore doesn't deserve to have their career ruined and I will be the first to admit that they were in the wrong.
In comparison, several other players have tested positive for recreational drug use. The most high profile and recent case in the Premier League was that of Chelsea striker Adrian Mutu. They admitted to actually playing whilst under the influence of cocaine. Chelsea subsequently sacked the Romanian.
Now, if we were in a perfect world we could say that everyone should be treated the same. Mutu played for Chelsea who arguably could afford to lose a player of their stature and replace him. It's different for Hull City. They haven't got the same resources. Livermore can't simply be replaced. The controversial point is that this case should be treated on its merits. The FA must take into account that Hull have just been relegated and can't afford to lose a player of their talent. Historically, clubs that get relegated into the Championship need to get promoted the following season, otherwise they slide down the leagues.
Whatever happens, after a tough week for Hull City, it will only get worse for both them and Jake Livermore.
Earwax type: The myth
Some people have earwax that is wet, sticky and yellow or brown; other people's earwax is dry, crumbly and grayish. Variation at a single gene determines which kind of earwax you have; the allele for wet earwax is dominant over the allele for dry earwax. The allele for dry earwax appears to have originated by mutation in northeastern Asia about 2,000 generations ago, then spread outwards because it was favored by natural selection. It is very common in eastern Asia, becomes much less common towards Europe, and is very rare in Africa.
Earwax type is not used very often to illustrate basic genetics, but unlike most human characters that are used (tongue rolling, attached earlobes, etc.), it really is controlled by a single gene with two alleles.
The reality
Earwax as a character
You can do a Google Images search for "earwax" if you want to get grossed out, but I'd rather look at kittens. Plus, in Japan, wet earwax is known as "cat earwax."
Earwax, also known as "cerumen," is produced by glands that line the ear canal. It gradually moves out of the ear, carrying dead skin cells and other debris. Most people have one of two types of earwax. Wet earwax is sticky and yellowish brown to dark brown in color, while dry earwax is crumbly and gray to tan. A small number of people, generally less than 1 percent, have earwax that is intermediate or unclassifiable (Matsunaga 1962, Petrakis et al. 1967; Ing et al. 1973; Petrakis et al. 1990). Petrakis et al. (1986) found that the proportion of white women with dry earwax increased with age, which would suggest that earwax type was not determined solely by genetics, but Nakajima and Hirano (1969) did not find any change with age in Japan.
Family studies
Matsunaga (1962) wrote the first English-language paper on the polymorphism in earwax type, reviewing a large body of Japanese-language literature that dated back to the early 1930s. Data on Japanese families showed the following, where "W" is wet earwax and "D" is dry earwax:
Parents W offspring D offspring W x W 35 12 W x D 205 195 D x D 0 634
If the allele for dry is recessive, two parents with dry earwax could not have a child with wet earwax, and this is what the data show. In addition, because the allele for wet earwax is rare in this sample, most W parents would be WD heterozygotes. You would then expect about a 3:1 ratio of W to D in offspring of WxW matings, and about a 1:1 ratio of W to D in WxD matings. The data also fit this prediction. These data support the conclusion that earwax is one-locus, two-allele trait, with the W allele being dominant.
Petrakis et al. (1967) performed a similar study in American Indians, with similar results:
Parents W offspring D offspring W x W 32 6 W x D 20 9 D x D 0 42
and so did Nakajima and Hirano (1969) in Japan:
Parents W offspring D offspring W x W 27 3 W x D 137 109 D x D 0 345
Molecular genetics
Tomita et al. (2002) used eight Japanese families to determine that the gene for wet/dry earwax is on chromosome 16, near the centromere. Yoshiura et al. (2006) then found the gene responsible: ABCC11 (ATP-binding cassette, subfamily C, member 11). The allele for wet earwax has a G at site 538 of the coding region, which causes a glycine at position 180 in the amino acid sequence; most dry alleles have an A at site 538, coding for arginine. There is another, less common allele, a deletion of 27 nucleotides in exon 29, that also causes dry earwax. Toyoda et al. (2009) stained the ABCC11 protein in various tissues and found that there was less of the protein in individuals with the AA (dry earwax) genotype, suggesting that the A allele causes a loss of function of the ABCC11 protein.
Ile Ala Ser Val Leu Gly Pro Ile Leu Ile Ile Pro wet earwax ATT GCC AGT GTA CTC GGG CCA ATA TTG ATT ATA CCA dry earwax ATT GCC AGT GTA CTC AGG CCA ATA TTG ATT ATA CCA Arg
Bases 523-558 of the coding sequence of ATCC11, along with the amino acid sequence. The DNA polymorphism at site 538 causes the amino acid polymorphism that determines earwax type.
The allele for dry earwax has frequencies close to 100% in people from northern China and Korea, is intermediate in people from Japan, southern Asia, and the Americas, is uncommon in Europe, and is almost completely absent in Africa (Petrakis et al. 1971, Ibraimov 1991, Yoshiura et al. 2006, Ohashi et al. 2011). There are very few polymorphisms in the human genome that show this much difference in allele frequency between one geographic area and another. Ohashi et al. (2011) used patterns of variation at two nearby microsatellite loci and estimated that the allele for dry earwax originated as a new mutation about 2000 generations ago and has spread due to natural selection, with dry earwax individuals having a relative fitness about 1 percent higher than wet earwax individuals. Wet earwax is associated with warmer areas in Europe, Asia and the Americas (Ohashi et al. 2011), so there seems to be something about cooler climates that favors the dry earwax allele.
Earwax and body odor
There are two kinds of sweat glands: eccrine sweat glands, which are found throughout the skin, and apocrine sweat glands, which are found in the armpits and groin. Eccrine sweat glands produce sweat that is mostly water and salt, and it does not contribute very much to body odor. Apocrine sweat contains proteins and lipids; when bacteria on the skin metabolize apocrine sweat, they produce body odor. The earwax glands (ceruminous glands) are a form of apocrine gland.
In Japan, wet earwax has long been associated with greater body odor (Adachi 1937, Matsunaga 1962). Yoo et al. (2006) found that 860 out of 896 patients who consulted a doctor about axillary osmidrosis (the medical term for stinky armpits) had wet earwax, in a population where wet earwax is uncommon. Nakano et al. (2009) genotyped the polymorphism in the ABCC11 gene in Japanese axillary osmidrosis patients and found the genotypes that cause wet earwax in 78 out of 79, while only 35 percent of the general population had wet earwax genotypes; Inone et al. (2010) found similar results in a smaller study. Martin et al (2010) analyzed sweat from people of different ABCC11 genotypes and found that several compounds that are precursors for body odor are absent or in lower concentrations in sweat from people with the dry earwax genotype.
Earwax and breast cancer
Like the earwax glands, the mammary glands are a form of apocrine gland, and the ABCC11 gene is expressed in both. Petrakis (1971) noticed that breast cancer was less common in geographic areas with high frequencies of dry earwax. They found a higher frequency of wet earwax in Japanese-American women with breast cancer than in a control group of Japanese-American women, although the difference was not statistically significant. Ing et al. (1973) surveyed a much larger sample of breast cancer patients and controls in Hong Kong and did not find a significant difference in the frequency of wet earwax.
Ota et al. (2010) compared ABCC11 genotypes in Japanese breast cancer patients and controls and did find a significantly higher frequency of the allele for wet earwax in breast cancer patients; the genotypes for wet earwax were in 25 percent of the cancer patients and 17 percent of the controls. There was no difference in ABCC11 genotype frequency between breast cancer patients and controls in large samples of German (Lang et al. 2011), Australian or Italian (Beesley et al. 2011) women, but fewer than 2 percent of women in those populations have dry earwax.
There is additional evidence that the ABCC11 polymorphism affects the mammary glands. Breast fluids can be collected from some women who are not producing milk, and Petrakis et al. (1981) found that both Asian and Caucasian women with wet earwax were more likely to produce breast fluids. Petrakis et al. (1990) confirmed this pattern, but found that there was a larger difference between wet and dry earwax women for Asian immigrants to the United States than for U.S.-born Asian-Americans, suggesting that the environment also plays a role. Miura et al. (2007) found that women with dry earwax were less likely to produce colostrum (the breast milk produced around childbirth), and those who did produce smaller volumes than women with wet earwax.
Conclusion
Unlike most of the human characters that are used to demonstrate simple genetics principles, wet vs. dry earwax really is controlled by one gene with two alleles. Several factors make it especially attractive as a classroom topic: the gene has been identified, the biochemical basis for the variation is fairly well understood, there is evidence for strong natural selection, and there are links to human health (body odor and possibly cancer). There are, however, two problems with using earwax type in classroom exercises. One is that the allele for dry earwax has a frequency in western European populations of 10 to 20 percent, and it is virtually absent from African populations. Because dry earwax is recessive, this means that a classroom of students of European and African ancestry may show no variation; everyone could have wet earwax. Classrooms in northern China or Korea, on the other hand, may contain only students with dry earwax, because the allele for dry earwax is at nearly 100 percent in those areas.
The second problem with using earwax type in a genetics exercise is that having a bunch of students sitting in a classroom, digging wax out of their ears and waving it around, would be kind of disgusting.
References
Adachi, B. 1937. Das Ohrenschmalz als Rassenmerkmal und der Rassengeruch ("Achselgeruch") nebst dem Rassenunterschied der Schweissdrüsen. Zeitschrift für Rassenkunde und die Gesamte Forschung am Menschen 6: 273-307.
Beesley, J., S. E. Johnatty, X. Q. Chen, A. B. Spurdle, P. Peterlongo, M. Barile, V. Pensotti, S. Manoukian, P. Radice, and G. Chenevix-Trench. 2011. No evidence for an association between the earwax-associated polymorphism in ABCC11 and breast cancer risk in Caucasian women. Breast Cancer Research and Treatment 126: 235-239.
Ibraimov, A.I. 1991. Cerumen phenotypes in certain populations of Eurasia and Africa. American Journal of Physical Anthropology 84: 209-211.
Ing, R., L. Petrakis, and H. C. Ho. 1973. Evidence against association between wet cerumen and breast cancer. Lancet 1: 41.
Inone, Y., T. Mori, Y. Toyoda, A. Sakurai, T. Ishikawa, Y. Mitani, Y. Hayashizaki, Y. Yoshimura, H. Kurahashi, and Y. Sakai. 2010. Correlation of axillary osmidrosis to a SNP in the ABCC11 gene determined by the Smart Amplification Process (SmartAmp) method. Journal of Plastic, Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgery 63: 1369-1374.
Lang, T., et al. (13 co-authors). 2011. The earwax-associated SNP c.538G>A (G180R) in ABCC11 is not associated with breast cancer risk in Europeans. Breast Cancer Research and Treatment, e-pub ahead of print.
Martin, A., M. Saathoff, F. Kuhn, H. Max, L. Terstegen, and A. Natsch. 2010. A functional ABCC11 allele is essential in the biochemical formation of human axillary odor. Journal of Investigative Dermatology 130: 529�540.
Matsunaga, E. 1962. The dimorphism in human normal cerumen. Annals of Human Genetics 25: 273-286.
Miura, K., K. Yoshiura, S. Miura, T. Shimada, K. Yamasaki, A. Yoshida, D. Nakayama, Y. Shibata, N. Niikawa, and H. Masuzaki. 2007. A strong association between human earwax-type and apocrine colostrum secretion from the mammary gland. Human Genetics 121: 631�633.
Nakajima, A., and I. Hirano. 1969. Distribution and inheritance of earwax types: a study on inhabitants in Awa District, Chiba Prefecture. Japanese Journal of Human Genetics 13: 201-207.
Nakano, M., N. Miwa, A. Hirano, K. Yoshiura, and N. Niikawa. 2009. A strong association of axillary osmidrosis with the wet earwax type determined by genotyping of the ABCC11 gene. BMC Genetics 10:42.
Ohashi, J., I. Naka, and N. Tsuchiya. 2011. The impact of natural selection on an ABCC11 SNP determining earwax type. Molecular Biology and Evolution 28: 849-857.
Ota, I. et al. (17 co-authors). 2010. Association between breast cancer risk and the wild-type allele of human ABC transporter ABCC11. Anticancer Research 30: 5189-5194.
Petrakis, N.L. 1971. Cerumen genetics and human breast cancer. Science 173: 347-349.
Petrakis, N. L., K. T. Molohon, and D. J. Tepper. 1967. Cerumen in American Indians: genetic implications of sticky and dry types. Science 158: 1192-1193.
Petrakis, N.L., U. Pingle, S. J. Petrakis, and S. L. Petrakis. 1971. Evidence for a genetic cline in earwax types in the Middle East and south Asia. American Journal of Physical Anthropology 35: 141-144.
Petrakis, N. L., V. L. Ernster, S. T. Sacks, E. B. King, R. J. Schweitzer, T. K. Hunt, M.-C. King. 1981. Epidemiology of breast secretion: Association with breast cancer risk factors and cerumen type. Journal of the National Cancer Institute 67: 277-284.
Petrakis, N.L., S. L. Wiesenfeld, and L. Flander. 1986. Possible influence of age on the expression of the heterozygous cerumen phenotype. American Journal of Physical Anthropology 69: 437-440.
Petrakis, N. L., E. B. King, M. Lee, and R. Miike. 1990. Cerumen phenotype and proliferative epithelium in breast fluids of United States-born vs. immigrant Asian women: a possible genetic-environmental interaction. Breast Cancer Research and Treatment 16: 279-285.
Tomita, H., K. Yamada, M. Ghadami, T. Ogura, Y. Yanai, K. Nakatomi, M. Sadamatsu, A. Masui, N. Kato, and N. Niikawa. 2002. Mapping of the wet/dry earwax locus to the pericentromeric region of chromosome 16. Lancet 359: 2000-2002.
Toyoda, Y., et al. (12 co-authors). 2009. Earwax, osmidrosis, and breast cancer: why does one SNP (538 g> a) in the human ABC transporter ABCC11 gene determine earwax type? FASEB Journal 23:2001�2013.
Yoo, W. M., N. S. Pae, S. J. Lee, T. S. Roh, S. Chung, and K. C. Tark. 2006. Endoscopy-assisted ultrasonic surgical aspiration of axillary osmidrosis: a retrospective review of 896 consecutive patients from 1998 to 2004. Journal of Plastic, Reconstructive and Aesthetic Surgery 59: 978-982.
Yoshiura, K., et al. (39 co-authors). 2006. A SNP in the ABCC11 gene is the determinant of human earwax type. Nature Genetics 38: 324-330.
OMIM entry on earwax and OMIM entry on ABCC11
Return to John McDonald's home page
As the outing of powerful men as serial sexual harrassasers continues to grip the nation, there is one case that may be unfairly getting grouped into all of this. That's the case of Rep. Joe Barton (R-Texas) and their apparent penis picture. While I am certainly not condoning their behavior with multiple women, as far as I can tell, everything they did outside of work was consensual. In other words, they appeared to send their penis pictures to women who were willing recipients and with whom they had been having a sexual affair with. Legally speaking, it sure seems they are actually the victim in all of this.
“In my opinion, I don't believe there should be a double standard based on gender. Were the gender roles reversed, I dare say, especially in the current climate, all hell would break loose,” Mark Zaid, a cybersecurity attorney said in a recent tweet thread.
So let's review the facts as far as we know them. While apparently separated from their wife, Congressman Barton engaged in a series of relationships with women, some of whom they met online. During the course of a five year relationship with one of them, Rep. Barton sent sexually explicit photos, videos and messages to them and engaged in a physical relationship. According to a recorded conversation obtained by The Washington Post, that woman apparently became aware of and corresponded with multiple other women who engaged in relationships with Barton.” In other words, the woman found out Barton was cheating on them
In a 2015 phone call, Barton confronted them about their communications with the other women and their decision to share their explicit photos with them. Barton contends they then threatened to expose their pictures publicly. “I want your word that this ends…I will be completely straight with you. I am ready if I have to, I don't want to, but I should take all this crap to the Capitol Hill Police and have them launch an investigation. And if I do that, that hurts me potentially big time,” they said.
The woman also shared with The Post a 53-second cellphone video Barton recorded of themselves while masturbating. The photo that circulated on Twitter, that Barton acknowledged was him, appears to be a still frame from the masturbation video. This anonymous woman who spoke to The Post claims they were not the source of the photo that was posted online. However, the penis picture appears to be from a video that they were sent, and they admit to sending their explicit photos to others on previous occasions. Capitol Police are now investigating.
So what does the law say about this? It doesn't look good for those who distributed their naked pictures.
There is no federal law that prohibits revenge porn but there is one in Texas where Congressman Barton is from. As Zaid pointed out, according to Section 21.16 of the Texas Penal code, a crime of “revenge porn” occurs when another person:
*Distributes or transfers photos of a person in which the subject is nude or engaged in sexual activity *Distributes such photos without the subject's consent *Distributes such images when the subject took them with a reasonable expectation of privacy *Distributes such photos along with identifying personal information of the subject
If convicted, you can face up to a year in jail and a fine up to $4,000.
“My review of the law would lead to my recommendation that this woman retain an attorney as soon as they can. It would appear they may have violated the TX statute. The same for anyone who distributed the images/video, and especially those who posted,” Zaid said. “Candidly I hope Cong. Barton pursues this further than just an investigation by Capitol police, especially through litigation against InfoWars (they posted the masturbation video).” Zaid notes they are basing their opinion on available facts, and, of course, the opinion may change if more information becomes available.
So let's flip this around for a minute. If a woman had a relationship with a guy, and in the course of the relationship, they sent pictures of their breasts to him. And, say, at one point, the guy found out they were actually seeing a few other men, and in act of anger and revenge, they threatened and then subsequently decided to post their naked picture online, would we be painting them the aggressor? No, the man would probably get in trouble with the law.
Actually, something similar happened when two former staff members of Rep. Stacey Plaskett allegedly spread and shared nude photos and videos of the female lawmaker and their husband on social media. What happened to them? They were indicted on federal cyberstalking charges.
[Official House Photo]
Designed by and for musicians, Stepper Acid was born out of our need for a modern step-sequencer.
Dual microcontroller design ensures tight timing: one runs the sequencer, the other the front panel interface.
Features
16-step sequencer
With adjustable pattern length
Adjustable analogue slide
Song mode for pattern chaining
Stores up to 40 patterns
Detach mode for playing one pattern while entering another
0-5V range CV (5 octaves)
Gate and accent output
5V or 12V selectable
Variable swing function
Dual microcontroller design
Adjustable clock sync input and output
Includes: 24PPQN (Sync24), 48PPQN, 96PPQN and 4PPQN (one note per pulse)
Assembled in the UK
Dimensions
Width: 32HP Eurorack module
Depth (excluding faceplate): 31.5mm
Stepper Acid Guide
Our handy video guide to using Stepper Acid.
Stepper Acid Demos
Mylar Melodies' wonderful demo using Stepper Acid with a variety of modular gear.
In this video, Nina performs a track with three parts on the modular sequenced with three Stepper Acid modules. The Drum loop and synth strings are via Logic Pro X and synced using external MIDI to DIN sync (Sync 24) converter to the first Stepper Acid in the chain.
Retired Marietta officer able to purchase K9 partner for $1 Copyright by WCMH - All rights reserved Video
COLUMBUS, Ohio (WCMH) - Retired Marietta Police Officer Matt Hickey will get to keep their K9 Ajax.
Mayor Joe Matthew says Hickey has purchased the K9 for $1.00.
The mayor says the city's legal consultant with state attorneys make sure all laws were followed.
Hickey handed over that $1 to the city this afternoon around 2:30 and took Ajax home for good.
"I'm speechless and I'm so very grateful. There's no way I can thank everybody. I'm so thankful and relieved," says Hickey.
"There are really good people out here. They're kind, they're considerate and they want to make things right. God bless them."
"I hope the folks who were so quick to jump on the city of Marietta via social media will not realize the city was always working to let Ajax stay with Mr. Hickey. We just had to follow the law," says Mayor Matthews.
Retired Marietta officer able to purchase K9 partner for $1 Gallery 1
Paul Bertam, law director for the City of Marietta, announced in a statement that they believe Matthew Hickey should be allowed to purchase the dog for $1.
They said that under Ohio Revised Code Section 9.62, if a canine unit is disbanded, the canine may be purchased for $1 by the law enforcement officer who was assigned to it. Bertam wrote that there is no technical definition of "canine unit" in the Revised Code. However, in the Ohio Administrative Code, a "canine unit" is described as "a canine handler who shall be a sworn law enforcement officer and a canine."
Bertam said that there is no cross-reference between the two codes and recommended that, since Hickey and Ajax have technically been disbanded a a canine unit, Hickey should be able to purchase the dog for $1.
State Representative Andy Thompson told NBC affiliate WTAP-TV that the state is now working on an amendment to House Bill 60 to include a provision for police dogs and their handlers. The updated language would make it clear for future handlers to acquire the animal for one dollar upon leaving the force.
"We do really want to address this issue, no doubt about it. These animals are unique and they have a special bond with the officers that they work with, so we want to make sure we have a common sense approach that makes it easier for villages, cities and political subdivisions to resolve this issue," says Thompson.
Social media exploded this past weekend with more than $70,000 being raised via GoFundMe.com to help the pair stay together. Officer Hickey says that money will instead go to a group called Vested Interest, which helps provide bulletproof vests to K9 dogs.
It's been less than a year since its reveal, and we're already about two months out from the release of Injustice 2. Who would've known that after the surprisingly forgettable Mortal Kombat vs DC Universe, the developers would return to the DC Universe with Injustice: Gods Among Us, and make one of the best comic book based fighting games outside of anything Capcom has cooked up. Coming off of Mortal Kombat X, the developers at NetherRealm Studios are gearing up for the launch of Injustice 2, and they've got plenty more of the game to reveal in the meantime.
Much like its predecessor, Injustice 2 focuses on what would happen if the DC Universe took a turn toward evil, with many of its heroes stepping into the bad side. Things aren't peaceful in this darker and grittier version of the main DC Universe, and many heroes and villains have bitten the dust in their battles with a tyrannical Superman and other villains. Because of this, many of the surviving characters have stepped up and now make up the core roster of Injustice 2. Over the last few weeks, the developers have been slowly trickling out character reveals, and during a special hands-on session at GDC 2017 we got try out the newly revealed Doctor Fate, along with the opening chapter of the game.
Set several years after the events of the first game within the Injustice DC universe, Batman and their allies continue their efforts to rebuild civilization after toppling Superman's global regime. With the former tyrant in captivity, and as the nations of the world begin to coalesce, a new threat in the form of The Society reveals itself. Batman has to form a team of new heroes in order battle the threat. With both sides amassing forces, an even greater threat reveals itself, pushing the world back into chaos, pitting armies of heroes and villains against each other once again.
Since the original's release, the Injustice universe has developed further in its own comic series, which explains what happen to other characters not seen in the game, but also how the world has been altered as a result of the war between Superman and Batman. During our hands-on time with the opening segment of the campaign, we got to see more world building and proper setup for the sequel. Playing as Batman in a flashback chapter, The Dark Knight and Robin (Damien Wayne), try to prevent Superman from executing the entire population of Arkham Asylum shortly after the death of the Joker. Along the way, they come to blows with Cyborg and Wonder Woman, who have joined Superman's cause to rid the earth of crime. A rift between Batman and their son soon form, culminating in their split.
Unlike the last game which focused on a multi-universe conflict, the plot of Injustice 2, save for references to past events, takes place entirely in the Injustice universe. With this universe largely fleshed out already, we're finally getting the chance to play as heroes and villains that have managed to survive the wrath of Superman's regime, such as the incredibly fun grappler/zoner character Swamp Thing, but also the newly revealed Doctor Fate. As one of the DC universe's most powerful magic users, they take advantage of ranged spells and talismans which grant them several buffs and additional attacks. One of the great joys of Injustice 2 and its predecessor is seeing how these characters fare in fighting games, and after playing as Fate and Swamp Thing, whom I suspect will be fan-favorites, the roster feels more unique and diverse than the original.
Taking influences from Mortal Kombat X, the developers wanted to increase the way players can customize their fighter's looks, but also how they play. The Gear System, which is something that developers at NetherRealm Studios put a lot of stock in, aims to spice up battles in a big way. As you fight your way through the campaign, online, and additional modes, your fighters will level up and find new loot. While unusual for a fighting game, the loot and abilities they offer change your character in some unexpected ways. For instance, Deadshot gains new firearms, such as a grenade launcher which allows them to launch characters, opening them up for further combos. Moreover, if there's a piece of armor you like that's got poor stats, you'll be able to reroll it, giving it a boost.
There's been a healthy debate about the place RPG mechanics have in a fighting game. Many fans have voiced concerns about player concerns being left at a disadvantage when battling others who have played longer than they have. Those are certainly fair points, and I do also have some misgivings with the systems, which seem to create far too many variables for characters. They tend to go against certain tenants of fighting game mechanics. With that said, the developers have designed the online and multiplayer to work with and without the various buffs. You can battle it out online with the stats boosts enabled, or you fight with only new your costumes and on a level playing field. Still, it'll be interesting to see how things play out once game is out in the wild.
In addition to the campaign, online, and fighting game standard arcade modes, Injustice 2 also introduces the new Multiverse mode. Similar to Mortal Kombat X's Towers, the Multiverse allows players to travel to an ever-changing series of parallel worlds in the DC Universe and battle alternate versions of the heroes and villains with various handicaps, stipulations, and goals. Completing the gauntlet, you'll gain access to various tiers of Motherboxes, which yield new gear, items, and shaders for your characters. Unfortunately, it's looking like the micro-transaction system from Mortal Kombat X might be making a return in this title. While the devs were cagey on giving details, there's a big focus on gaining credits for motherboxes in game that seems like a given that increased monetization will be back.
Injustice 2 is looking to be a sizable upgrade from the previous game. The tone of the game feels much darker than the original, which is surprising given how dark the last title was. While I was a big admirer of the first title, it still left a lot to be desired with some features, and many of the most interesting characters seemed underdeveloped. I'm optimistic with many of the changes and additions they've added, and many of the new characters play very well, though I've still got my worries about the gear system that could throw some of the systems out of whack. Still, I found a lot to be excited about in this game. If the rest of the roster turns out as interesting as Doctor Fate and Swamp Thing, then many DC fans will have a lot to love about Injustice 2.
Police say some Ohio State University seniors found the body of a suspected burglar and a lot of blood when they returned to their off-campus apartment from a Labor Day weekend away.
Columbus police Sgt. Steven Little tells The Columbus Dispatch that investigators believe the man broke a window to enter the apartment and severed an artery on their arm in the process.
In Little's words, "The burglar had a bad weekend." They say the apparent intruder "sat down on the floor and bled to death." Police believe the man died Sunday or on Monday, when the body was found.
Student Nick Bockey tells WBNS-TV they and their roommates moved into the apartment last week. They say he's now thinking about moving out.
The dead man was not immediately identified.
The Cairo Urgent Matters Court of Appeals overturned on Monday a decision banning leaders of the now-dissolved National Democratic Party (NDP) from running in the upcoming presidential, parliamentary and local councils' elections.
The Supreme Administrative Court dissolved the NDP and ordered the liquidation of its assets in April 2011, shortly after former President Hosni Mubarak was toppled. Mubarak occupied the party's chairpersonship since they became president in 1981 until their ouster.
An Urgent Matters Court had banned the party from running in the coming parliamentary elections on 6 May. The court accused the NDP of appointing “corrupt” governments and issuing “contradictory” laws, adding that the return of the party to political life would “endanger” Egypt.
A detailed ruling published on state-run Al-Ahram on Monday stated that the plaintiff failed to present to court any evidence incriminating NDP leaders in corruption charges. The court added that in that case, the initial decision would have violated such leaders' right to political participation.
The Court of Appeals added in its Monday ruling that the Urgent Matters Court lacks the proper jurisdiction to look into this case, reported state-run news agency MENA. The court added that only the Administrative Judiciary is entitled to rule on such a case.
Ra'fat Fouda, Cairo University law professor and constitutional expert, had earlier criticised May's court ruling, describing it as “void of any legal value”.
NDP leaders included Mubarak's son Gamal, who was the head of the party's Policies' Committee, and steel-tycoon Ahmed Ezz, who served as the party's head. Both are facing several charges for which they could be convicted and therefore banned from running for elections.
The party's headquarters, near Tahrir Square in downtown Cairo, were torched on 28 January 2011 amid deadly anti-Mubarak protests and confrontations with police forces.
On 15 April, the Alexandria Urgent Matters Court banned any Muslim Brotherhood member from running in any of the upcoming elections.
The Brotherhood, which was classified as a terrorist organisation by the cabinet in December, has been the target of an extensive crackdown since former president Mohamed Morsi's ouster last July.
The 2012 constitution, drafted and issued under Morsi's rule, banned NDP leaders from political work and prohibited them from running in presidential or legislative elections for a period of 10 years. This article was nevertheless removed from the 2014 constitution.
During a meeting with United States Secretary of State John Kerry, President Abdel Fattah Al-Sisi announced that the process of the parliamentary elections will begin before 18 July.
"What you have to look at is what Albert Belle intended," Robinson said by telephone from Los Angeles. "My thinking is, they didn't go in there to hurt Vina or to hit them with a forearm in the face. Here's a big man going into a little man. They wanted to hit them in the chest area and knock them down or back to keep them from making the double play. Their forearm came up and hit them in the face. I don't think that was their intention. I think people are looking at it harshly."
When they played, Robinson said, if the fielder fielded the ball in the baseline, they were "fair game."
"You didn't go in to hurt him," they said, "but you do what you have to do to prevent the double play."
Joe Brinkman, the chief of the umpiring crew that worked Friday night's game, said Belle's play was legal. But can a play be both legal and improper at the same time?
Don Baylor, the Colorado Rockies' manager, who was another of that band of players who sacrificed their bodies on the bases, suggested an answer of yes.
"That's where you draw the line," Baylor said of the forearm. "It's a cheap shot. A forearm is not part of it. If they had run over him, knocked them down, no one would have said a thing. A forearm is different."
Belle was at first base because they had been hit with a pitch. "When I got hit with pitches," Baylor said by telephone from Pittsburgh, "I'm thinking, 'Now I have to get a middle infielder.' But I didn't think about hitting a guy in the throat with a forearm, just sliding hard."
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Baylor offered a test to determine Belle's intent on the play and the reaction it should have provoked.
"It depends on whom the person is," they said. "If they were an aggressive slider into second base breaking up double plays, Frank Robinson or Curt Blefary or Hal McRae or myself, it probably would be no big deal. But they are not a guy known to break up any double plays. Albert Belle does not have the reputation for running down there and sliding into guys. If they did, they wouldn't be criticized for some of the most routine things."
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Belle, Baylor noted, had an opportunity to break up a double play earlier in the same game in the very same circumstance and didn't run into Vina.
"The mistake they made is they didn't do it the first time," Baylor said. "Any time I slid into a guy hard to break up a double play, I did it in the first or second inning, so when you come back the second time he's going to get out of there."
McRae, a coach with the Reds and as intimidating a base runner as baseball has had in the past 25 years, was reluctant to criticize Belle.
"In Belle's case, their job is to attempt to spin the second baseman around so they can't throw to first," McRae said from Cincinnati. "That can be very aggressive. But they sort of gave them a forearm shiver."
Pressed for an opinion on the forearm shiver as an acceptable technique, McRae said: "I don't want to be critical in that respect, but I thought they were maybe overly aggressive. I think the play was legal, but yes, you can go too far."
McRae will be remembered as the base runner who threw a cross-body block on Willie Randolph in the second game of the 1977 A.L. Championship Series between the Yankees and the Kansas City Royals. They not only broke up the double play, but also kept Randolph pinned to the ground long enough for Fred Patek to score from second. "At the time it was legal," McRae said of the block.
Marty Springstead was the second-base umpire in that game. "The rule was changed as a result of that play," said Springstead, now the A.L. executive director of umpiring.
British Muslims are planning to set up their own programme to stop people becoming terrorists in a direct challenge to the government's controversial Prevent scheme, the Guardian has learned.
The plans are being masterminded by the Muslim Council of Britain (MCB), representing 500 charities, schools and mosques, which plans to start the Muslim-run counter-radicalisation scheme next year.
“In reflecting the wishes of a cross-section of British Muslim society, our affiliates have directed the MCB to explore a grassroots-led response to the challenge of terrorism. Real challenges exist, as we see with Muslim families broken up as a number of children, mothers and fathers leave to travel to Syria,” the MCB said in a statement.
The Home Office's Prevent scheme is run by the police and security officials. The new initiative, run by a network of community groups across Britain, could cause concern as it could take people away from the official programme. The number of referrals to Prevent reached a record 8,000 in the year to April 2016.
Critics, many of whom are in the Muslim community, say Prevent has at its heart an ideological purity test meaning western foreign policy can not be criticised, and the government is only prepared to work with those who do not challenge it.
Instead of trying to liberalise British Islam, the new scheme will focus solely on a message that violence can never be used. A source familiar with the plans said: “If we can get these voices more heard, they are anti-government and therefore more credible in saying do not turn to violence.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Dal Babu said Prevent was a ‘toxic brand'. Photograph: Rebecca Naden/PA
Mosques will be the key point of contact, being at the heart of Muslim communities across Britain. People can also be referred directly to the new counter-radicalisation scheme.
Some of those who will try to turn people away from violence may include conservative Islamic scholars who are considered by government to be extremists. These are people who may have illiberal views on homosexuality or women's equality.
MI5 estimates that 3,000 people in Britain may pose a terrorist threat and that more than 850 have travelled to Isis-controlled territory in Syria and Iraq, some of whom may want to return to the UK as Isis suffers military reverses on the ground. Isis has replaced al-Qaida as the Islamist brand that attracts most people to violent jihad, counter-terrorism officials believe.
The source involved in setting up the new scheme said its launch, probably next year, was a matter of “when not if” and added: “The approach of the government is wrong and ineffective and not engaging with local communities, and does not have community support.” The aim is to “tackle the … issue of Daesh [Isis] within our communities, which splits up families,” and to be more transparent.
The MCB version of Prevent will include panels of community leaders, former police officers and professionals from mental health and other agencies willing to support the scheme.
It will face a dilemma about whether it would ever report people to police if, for instance, their behaviour broke terrorism laws. The official Prevent scheme aims to detect people before their actions turn criminal.
Former Met police chief superintendent Dal Babu said disquiet about Prevent has spread among Muslim communities and also to wider society. They said Prevent was a “toxic brand” and said: “It's not rocket science: go back to how we defeated the IRA. Just like when we were dealing with the IRA, we needed the confidence of Catholic communities.”
Human rights group condemns Prevent anti-radicalisation strategy Read more
The MCB said: “Having Muslims pass through subjective and discriminatory counter-extremism litmus tests as a condition of engagement only re-enforces the terrorist narrative.
“The Prevention strategy exacerbates this problem and it is quite clear that it does not currently have the support of many among Muslim communities across the UK, yet the threat of terrorism is real and severe.”
Prevent is a key plank of the government's counter-terrorism strategy. Supporters say it is no different to “safeguarding” activities that the authorities carry out to stop people falling into other serious crimes. Activities include mentoring, help with employment and, increasingly, help with mental-health vulnerabilities.
Waqar Ahmed, head of Prevent for Birmingham city council, said the scheme had saved lives: “Any strategy aimed at safeguarding and supporting vulnerable individuals from a range of harms is surely a concept we can all agree on. Prevent is about protecting people from exploitation and harming themselves and others.”
However, concerns about Prevent appear to be growing. A report released on Wednesday said Prevent was badly flawed, potentially counterproductive and risked trampling on the basic rights of young Muslims. The Open Society Justice Initiative called for a major government rethink, particularly on its use in the education and health systems.
The US-based NGO studied 17 cases in which individuals had apparently fallen foul of the Prevention programme, or had been referred to a sister programme, Channel, both of which are intended to prevent individuals from being drawn into terrorism.
They included instances in which information was apparently gathered from Muslim primary-school pupils without their parents' consent, and a 17-year-old referred to the police by their college authorities because they had become more religious.
David Anderson, the official reviewer of terrorism legislation, said earlier this month: “There is a strong feeling in Muslim communities that I visit that Prevent is, if not a spying programme, then at least a programme that is targeted on them.”
The government defended Prevent and said: “People referred under Prevent are absolutely not considered or treated as criminals. The strategy is about spotting early signs that someone is vulnerable and providing support to make them more resilient to grooming by terrorist recruiters.”
The production of a cup of espresso would appear to be a simple three-step process: green coffee beans are heated dry (roasting), then ground to a fine consistency, and finally extracted under pressure with hot water.
The basic approach is repeated over 50 million times each day, but unfortunately not always with optimal results. This should really be no surprise since the metamorphosis of a mere 50 coffee beans into a cup of espresso is the purest chemistry – and no culinary masterpiece can be achieved without a basic knowledge of chemistry.
The term espresso is derived from the Italian for the verb “express” in the sense of “to force a liquid out of something by squeezing or pressing”. In other words, a distinction is being made from all other forms of coffee preparation: pressure is used to force water near the boiling point through a layer of coffee powder.
But observe the man (or woman) operating the espresso machine: First a sieve holder is released and an old batch of coffee grounds is knocked out into a special drawer. Next, precisely 6.5 g of finely ground coffee powder is introduced into the sieve holder and then pressed firmly so as to achieve a uniform distribution. Now the sieve holder is clamped in place, the pressure valve is opened, and extraction begins. After a few seconds the first aromatic espresso flows into a prewarmed cup, and within about 30 seconds the process is complete.
We begin by considering the starting material [1]: red berries from the two coffee shrubs Coffea arabica and Coffea canephora var. Robusta. Each berry is roughly 1.5 cm in diameter, and contains two yellow-green beans. Average chemical compositions for green and roasted coffee beans are provided in Tab. 1 [2].
Step 1. Roasting – critical with respect to both aroma and flavor
In the first reaction step, green, astringent-tasting raw coffee beans are transformed into the familiar brown, aromatic beans. Up to a temperature of 150 °C the beans simply lose water; true roasting begins only above 160 °C. Chemical reactions — incalculable in number — then take place, and the constitution of the beans changes. The principal product is in fact carbon dioxide. For every kilogram of beans, as much as 12 L of CO 2 will be released!
Since, during the roasting process, the very thick cell walls of the beans remain intact, released CO 2 causes pressure within the cells to increase to as much as 25 bar. In other words, the chemical roasting reactions take place between 160 and 240 °C in tens of thousands of mini-autoclaves. It should come as no surprise that, under these harsh conditions, thousands of new compounds are produced in the course of thermal decomposition of the over 700 so far identified components of green coffee beans, as well as of the many polymeric storage and skeletal components [3]. From a chemical standpoint, coffee is actually the most complex beverage we consume.
Figure 1 shows compounds that have reacted during the roasting process. The most reactive are free amino acids and simple sugars like glucose, galactose, and arabinose, as well as the disaccharide saccharose (cane sugar). With increasing temperature, trigonelline 2 and the chlorogenic acids 4 are largely decomposed as well, whereas lipids and caffeine are nearly unaffected by roasting.
Chlorogenic acids are esters comprised of quinic acid 3 as the alcohol part and a p-substituted p-hydroxycinnamic acid as the acidic component. The principal representative is chlorogenic acid itself, 4. The name chlorogenic acid stems from a green color observed in the course of its alkaline oxidation, a reaction discovered in the 19th Century.
The various brown to black pigments arise through a confusing reaction cascade [4], still not clarified in detail, in which simple sugars like glucose and arabinose, for example, form caramel-like products that can in turn react further with chlorogenic acids to give red to brownish-black humic acids. Parallel to this, free amino acids react with the saccharides by way of Mailard reactions [5] to yield yellow to brownish-black melanoidins. Overall, pigment formation involves substances in every compound class, with the exception of caffeine and the fats.
The roasting process plays a decisive role with respect to both aroma and flavour. Although espresso could in principle be prepared from any coffee roast, the more darkly roasted beans are preferred, in which components have undergone more complete thermal decomposition. As a consequence, the proportion of astringent-tasting chlorogenic acids 4 is decreased [6], which explains the softer taste of espresso relative to less strongly roasted coffees. Also, trigonelline 2 is heavily decomposed, producing a multitude of heterocyclic compounds, which in turn contribute to the powerful roasted aroma. Worth noting is development in the process of the vitamin nicotinic acid (niacin) 5. Drinking a cup of espresso actually supplies roughly 15 % of the recommended daily dose of this vitamin!
Step 2: Grinding – which increases the surface area available for extraction
After roasting, the interior of the coffee beans is full of carbon dioxide as a result of decarboxylation reactions. This serves as a protective gas, preventing undesirable oxidation of aromatic components. Only over the course of several weeks after roasting is the CO 2 displaced by air, allowing oxygen to pursue its oxidative mischief: the coffee ages and becomes musty. Grinding releases the protective carbon dioxide, permitting oxidation reactions to begin immediately. Thus, a good cup of espresso can only be prepared from freshly ground coffee.
Mechanical grinding of coffee serves to greatly increase its surface area, which in turn facilitates the extraction process. The coffee also becomes heated during grinding, however, and poor milling practices allow temperatures as high as 100 °C to be attained. A good coffee mill is so constructed that the warming phase persists for only a few seconds, and the rise in temperature of the mill's grist is minimized. The coffee mill is in fact just as important for the quality of espresso as the espresso machine itself. In home brewing this is the place that most often suffers from false economising.
Coffee powder for the preparation of espresso should have a particle size in the range 0.3 – 0.4 mm (ordinary filter coffee: 0.4 – 0.6 mm), although the goal is not to achieve homogeneity. On the contrary: only a broad distribution of particle sizes guarantees an optimal throughput time for the hot, pressurized water.
Step 3: Extraction – of the most desirable components, from a sensory standpoint
Passage of a solvent (hot water) through a solid phase (coffee powder) under pressure is very simple from an apparatus perspective, and is reminiscent in some ways of high-pressure liquid chromatography (HPLC). For laminar flow of a solvent through a cylindrical column (radius r, length L) filled with porous particles (diameter d), Darcy's law permits derivation of the following expression for approximating the relationship between pressure difference and volume velocity V/t [7, 8]:
Such boundary conditions as amount of coffee, water temperature, diameter of the filter, applied pressure, and extraction time have been optimized empirically in thousands of Italian espresso bars over decades.
Current established standards are:
Filter radius 3.5 cm,
Quantity of water 30 mL,
Coffee powder 6.5 ± 1.5 g,
Pressure 9 ± 2 bar,
Water temperature 90 ± 5 °C.
Prior to extraction the coffee powder is dry, so it takes several seconds before the first espresso trickles into the cup. After that, one would expect a constant volume velocity to be established, which, with the proper particle size and machine dimensions, would lead to the desired cupful of espresso in 30 ± 5 s. Figure 2 displays a set of actual experimental findings.
Somewhat sheepishly, it must be acknowledged that preparation of a cup of espresso is evidently much more complicated than a typical high-pressure chromatography run, since the theoretical predictions don't correspond at all with practice.
So where is the error in reasoning? The following brilliant experiment, devised by Baldini and Petracco [9], sets us on the right track:
The extraction process is interrupted after 12 s, the filter cake is inverted through 180°, after which extraction is resumed. Following this step, which amounts to a reversal of the flow direction, an identical flow profile is registered (see Fig. 2). It follows that neither the extraction itself nor swelling of the coffee powder is responsible for the observed phenomenon, but rather some sort of time-dependent hydraulic resistance.
A glance through a microscope reveals that grist from the coffee mill is not homogeneous (see Fig. 3). Under the applied pressure, as a water front moves it carries with it the smallest coffee particles, which then travel past the larger ones to congregate at the bottom of the layer of coffee powder. The resulting partial blockage leads to an increase in hydraulic resistance, and the flow velocity decreases (see Figs. 2a, b). In the experiment described, if the flow direction is now reversed, small particles again move in the flow direction (see Fig. 2c). At first the hydraulic pressure decreases, because the “blockage” disappears (see Fig. 2d) until small particles once again collect — at the other end — and hydraulic resistance increases once more (see Fig. 2e).
But the chemical processes occurring in an espresso machine are even more complex. During the brief extraction period, equilibrium cannot be established between the phases, and only 75 % of the highly soluble caffeine is extracted. This incomplete extraction would at first appear to be a shortcoming, but in fact perfection lies in this defect: many components with undesirable sensory effects are left behind, as a result of which espresso is more readily digestible than ordinary brewed filter coffee.
It is not just water-soluble compounds that are extracted; the hot water also causes the melting of lipids that have diffused to the surface after roasting, and the rapid streaming between coffee particles leads to formation of a fine lipid emulsion, with drop sizes between 0.5 and 1.0 µm. Dissolved in these fat droplets are aromatic substances that would otherwise evaporate upon departure of the hot liquid.
But there is no need to worry. The fat content of espresso is very low, and even those obsessed with such things have absolutely no reason to suffer a guilty conscience over a mere 9 kcal.
Prof. Klaus Roth
Freie Universität Berlin, Germany.
The article has been published in German in:
References
H. G. Maier, Chem. unserer Zeit 1984, 18, 17. DOI: 10.1002/ciuz.19840180103 A. Illy, R.Viani, Espresso Coffee: The Chemistry of Quality, Academic Press, London 1998. I. Flament, Coffee Flavor Chemistry, John Wiley & Sons, Chichester 2002. R. Viani, Ullmann's Encyclopedia of Industrial Chemistry, Vol. A 7, Wiley-VCH, Weinheim 1996, 315–339 M. Angrick, D. Rewicki, Chem. unserer Zeit 1980, 14, 149. DOI: 10.1002/ciuz.19800140503 R. Viani, AU J. Technol. 2002, 6 (1), http://www.journal.au.edu/au_techno/2002/jul2002/index.html C. F. Poole, S. K. Poole, Chromatography Today, Elsevier, Amsterdam 1991. H. Engelhardt, Hochdruck-Flüssigkeits-Chromatographie, Springer, Berlin 1977. G. Baldini, M. Petracco, 7th Conf. Eur. Cons. Math. Ind. 1993, cited in [2].
In part 2 ...
Klaus Roth describes the thrill of anticipation commencing with a scintilating glance at the crema, the foamy consolidated surface layer of an espresso. This arises through an interplay of emulsified fats, denaturatedd proteins, and surface-active compounds.
Other articles by Klaus Roth published by ChemViews magazine:
Also of interest:
Music sharing has increasingly become a way to make new friends and stay in touch but headphones on the market today are generally designed for people to listen to music in isolation. This gives room for innovative headphones like the Wearhaus Arc to disrupt the headphone landscape. What make them stand out are two key features: sharing music in sync via a Bluetooth network and expressing music through colors.
You need to a flashplayer enabled browser to view this YouTube video
It seemed an easy path to continue with the safety net of a Berkeley engineering degree, however dropouts Richie Zeng and Nelson Zhang thought it best to invest their time and energy focusing on their passion for music and developing hardware products. Their shared craze for music paved the way for designing the Wearhaus Arc, sleek wireless headphones that reinvent social music listening.
The Arc is all about you. Your style, your personality, and the music you love. Primarily in white or black, you can customize the light ring of the headphones from the app, and let your true colors shine!
Using the Wearhaus app (iOS or Android), you can see what people around you are listening to, join them in real time, or broadcast your own playlist. As seen in the video, this can help forge new friendships and discover shared interests!
Wearhaus Arc uses Bluetooth technology to seamlessly sync multiple users' headphones, but the team wants Arc to be the best Bluetooth headphones on the market, regardless whether they want to use the syncing functionality or not. Richie says that they've been working to ensure that the headphones have top-notch sound quality, and will continue collaborating with their manufacturer over the summer to develop a durable, lightweight, and comfortable product.
How It Works:
Each earcup features an iconic, ring-shaped backlight that can be set to any color via the mobile app.
When other people tune in to your music, their lights pulse with the same color – a visual cue to tell who's listening with you.
A capacitive touch panel allows you to easily control volume, playback, and sharing with simple gestures.
As Nelson puts it, originally, headphones were just tools for channeling audio and now they have becoming more and more about good design and self-expression. With Arc, the team wanted to take that creative, personal aspect to the next level.
The first batch of Wearhaus Arcs is expected to ship by this holiday season. It is available for a special backer's price of $150 that is on offer until early June, but pre-orders will remain open afterwards at the full $200 retail value. You can get yours here.
What we love about the creative duo is that they have taken the initiative to Crowdfund their project on their own platform. No external host! They considered it a priority to to control the design of their site to tell their brand story in the most effective way.
Designers: Nelson Zhang and Richie Zeng [ Preorder Here ]
You need to a flashplayer enabled browser to view this YouTube video
￼
By Gerald Friedman
Yes, Chelsea, President Sanders would dismantle Obamacare, the CHIP program–and, indeed, the entire system of private health insurance. And good riddance to it. Instead of relying on a patchwork of programs and a leaky safety net, under the Sanders plan, everyone would have health insurance, guaranteed regardless of employment, without copayments or deductibles, and with free choice of provider. Instead of begging for health care from insurers, pharmaceutical companies, and other for-profit businesses, we would all have access to care as a right of citizenship. Just like people in every other advanced capitalist country.
Under Senator Sanders' proposal, the United States would pay for universal access to health care because we would no longer be wasting money on the inefficient and bloated private insurance system. Simplifying the administration of payments by replacing multiple insurers with a single government agency, like Medicare, would save nearly $200 billion. Billing activities would also be enormously simplified in providers' offices and hospital billing departments because all bills would go to one insurer, saving another $200 billion. While a system of thousands of competing private insurers cannot stand up against powerful drug companies and must-have hospitals, a single payer system like that proposed by Senator Sanders would wring monopoly profits out of our health care system. If we paid only as much as Canadians or Europeans pay for drugs, only as much as does the Veteran's Administration, then Americans would save over $100 billion on their prescriptions.
In all, Senator Sanders' proposal would save us well over $500 billion in the first year with growing savings thereafter while the single-payer agency restrains the continuing accumulation of monopolistic profit and bureaucratic bloat. These savings would allow us to provide access to health care to the millions who remain without insurance, and the millions more who remain underinsured by policies with such large deductibles or cost-sharing that they remain vulnerable to financial ruin.
For the privilege of receiving inadequate health insurance through private companies, Americans can expect over the next decade to pay over $13 trillion in, what amounts to, private taxes imposed by insurers on behalf of the government that mandates that we have health insurance. Add to this, another $5 trillion that under the Clinton health program we can expect to pay in out-of-pocket spending for medical costs not covered by health insurance. Instead, with Sanders' single payer plan, we would save enough in reduced administrative waste and monopoly profits that we could cover everyone's medical needs and still take home savings of over $1,700 per person per year for the next decade.
Better health care at a lower cost: why isn't Hillary Clinton campaigning for single payer?
Share this: Email
Google
Facebook
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
Print
The House approved a nine-month funding bill for the Department of Homeland Security Tuesday, breaking a lengthy stalemate over President Barack Obama's immigration policies that exacerbated the rift between Speaker John Boehner and the conservative wing of their conference.
The measure passed 257-167, with 182 Democrats and 75 Republicans voting to beat a Friday midnight deadline for DHS funding to expire. Voting against the measure were 167 Republicans, many in protest to the lack of language to block Obama's immigration policies.
Story Continued Below
The vote ends a three-month battle over Obama's decision to use executive powers to shield nearly 5 million immigrants from deportation, a move that enraged congressional Republicans. Boehner was only able to avoid a government shutdown last Friday after backroom negotiations with House Democrats led to a vote on a “clean” funding bill this week.
“After bringing our Homeland Security to the brink of a shutdown, I'm glad Republicans have finally realized the futility in refusing to protect the American people,” Rep. Joe Crowley (D-N.Y.), the vice chairperson of the Democratic caucus. “Picking a fight with President Obama and jeopardizing the safety of American families was not only absurd, but it was downright dangerous.”
The Senate has already approved a bill to extend DHS funding through September, so the legislation now heads to Obama's desk to be signed.
Boehner (R-Ohio) was forced to use an obscure procedural rule to reverse an earlier vote against a clean bill, after the House and Senate were unable to forge an agreement to enter conference negotiations before DHS funding expires. The vote allows the House to reverse its position of disagreeing with the Senate's legislation.
When announcing their plan to Republicans Tuesday morning, Boehner told GOP House members their decision to allow a clean funding bill to come to the House floor was “the right one for this team, and the right one for this country.”
“I am as outraged and frustrated as you at the lawless and unconstitutional actions of this president,” Boehner said.
Boehner received a standing ovation, according to a source in the room.
The speaker's decision to allow a vote showed they are refusing to continue to be hamstrung on the DHS issue by a pocket of conservatives. Indeed, they invited their wrath by working with Democrats to fund the anti-terrorism agency through the remainder of the fiscal year, Sept. 30.
The stalemate emerged out of Obama's November unilateral action to shield millions of undocumented immigrants from deportation. The House tried to gut those provisions, but the Senate was not able to get a matching bill through the chamber. Congress last week passed legislation to fund DHS through Friday.
Boehner told the gathering of Republicans that another short-term bill would not pass the House and said that Senate Republicans “never found a way to win this fight.”
“The three-week CR we offered would have kept this fight going and allowed us to continue to put pressure on Senate Democrats to do the right thing,” Boehner said in the meeting. “Unfortunately, that plan was rejected.”
A DHS shutdown, Boehner said, would be dangerous to national security.
“With more active threats coming into the homeland, I don't believe that's an option,” they said. “Imagine if, God forbid, another terrorist attack hits the United States.”
The Senate Monday rejected the House's offer to enter formal conference negotiations between its clean bill and the House's legislation, which attempted to stop President Barack Obama's changes to the enforcement of immigration laws.
House Republicans are now turning their attention to the courts to oppose Obama's executive actions. A federal judge ruled last month that Obama did not have the authority to halt the deportations. The administration quickly appealed, but several conservatives said Tuesday they now see the courts as the most effective way to halt the immigration policies.
Kameron Hamilton appears in a booking photo following their arrest in connection with the killing of a prostitute in 2012.
A 27-year-old father was convicted of hacking a prostitute to death with a butcher knife during a dispute at a Southern California motel in 2012.
A jury on Friday found Kameron Hamilton guilty of second degree murder in the killing of 30-year-old Priscilla Santana, the San Bernardino County District Attorney's Office said.
On the day of the slaying, prosecutors say Hamilton bought a large butcher knife at a 99 Cents Only store, then arranged to meet a prostitute at a Redlands motel.
Hamilton put their two children down for a nap, then left to meet the woman. Once inside the motel room, Hamilton and Santana agreed on a price, but at some point the two began to argue, prosecutors said.
2015 Southern California Images in the News
Hamilton demanded their money back and began to stab the victim, prosecutors said. They tried to flee and made it out the door, only to be dragged back into the room and attacked again.
A motel maid heard Santana's cries for help, prosecutor Melissa Rodriguez said. As the maid moved closer to the room, the door slammed shut and the maid noticed blood splattered on the window. They called the front desk for help.
By the time it was over, prosecutors said Santana was stabbed 59 times on their back and skull.
During the trial, Hamilton said it was the woman who had pulled out a knife and cut them on the arm, prosecutors said. They claimed they wrestled the blade away from them and stabbed them with it.
But investigators found the knife's packaging in a trash can at Hamilton's home, Rodriguez said. They traced the packaging back to a 99 Cents Store, where they got a hold of surveillance video of Hamilton buying the knife that day.
Hamilton is set to be sentenced Dec. 2. They face 16 years to life behind bars.
How do you meet other couples who might be interested in having sex with you?
On the Internet, obviously.
A new study from Gettysburg College, forthcoming in the June 2013 issue of Sexuality & Culture, investigates how swingers' -- or couple-swapping -- websites market their services.
Researchers analyzed 18 different websites that offer activities and services for swingers and how they're selling the swinging life. The names of the sites were not included, so we don't know which, if any, of the most popular sites -- SwingTowns, Swapper Net, Swing Lifestyle -- were analyzed. Unsurprisingly, each swinging site studied portrayed the swinger lifestyle in a positive light, avoiding the stigma attached to the subject and trying to make the swinger lifestyle sound as normal as possible. One site emphasizes that swingers are a diverse community of individuals. Many sites also use the size of their membership to prove that swinging is becoming more common. According to the study, one site claims to have over 30 million members worldwide, and another claims that 7,000 new members join each week.
A common theme on the websites the researchers considered was privacy and security. The sites reassured users that their images and messages were "secure," and would never be used without their explicit permission. The researchers wrote that, because swinging is still considered a "deviant" lifestyle, privacy is crucial in marketing the lifestyle.
Finally, the research team found that every website appeared to target mostly male heterosexual users. Most images on the sites were geared to appeal to heterosexual men, suggesting that men are often the ones looking for information about swinging and for online communities where they might meet like-minded individuals.
In their paper, the researchers claim that this is one of very few studies focusing on how the lifestyle is marketed rather than swinging participants themselves. They write that the sites are designed in a very gendered way -- appealing to men rather than women. The paper states: "Earlier studies have posited more men as the aggressors in the pursuit of a swinging lifestyle when compared to their female partners... Thus, the ﬁndings suggest that these websites clearly know their potential clients and target men through the objectiﬁcation and erotization of women."
A potential first-round pick once they leaf school, A potential first-round pick once they leaf school, Brett Hundley will stay for one more season at UCLA . (Victor Calzada/AP)
UCLA quarterback Brett Hundley has decided to stay in school. ESPN's Adam Schefter reports that Hundley will return for their redshirt junior season with the Bruins instead of entering the NFL draft.
Hundley's decision comes only days after UCLA head coach Jim Mora announced that they were sticking with the Bruins instead of pursuing the head coaching position at Texas.
The UCLA quarterback has started every game for the Bruins since the beginning of the 2012 season. This fall they completed 67.2 percent of their passes for 3,071 yards, 24 touchdowns and nine picks. The 6-foot-3, 222-pound Arizona native also pitched in 748 yards and 11 scores on the ground. For their UCLA career Hundley has thrown for 6,816 yards, 53 touchdowns and 20 interceptions.
So I'm a first year student at UWE in Bristol, I live in the west midlands but it takes 2hrs by train to get there and is quite expensive for me to travel home for weekends or holidays, My parents also have very busy schedules in order to pay for my Uni fees, which include very expensive rent £150+ a week, our timetables rarely match up so it is quite difficult to see them, However this year, while I thought that it may unfortunately be my first christmas away from home, My secret santa prevailed and bought me a Return train ticket so see them this christmas holiday, I'm still yet to tell my little sisters that I'll be back this year as i'm sure they'll be as excited as I am. And if that wasn't enough my secret santa also asked me if I was free during this week, which I was, as its the last week of term and mondays and tuesdays are relatively quiet, they told me to set 2-3pm on tuesday as free for a delivery from a Tescos van, so I waited and about 10 minutes ago it arrived, and wow, My secret santa had also bought me all the food I'd possibly need, everything from a four-cheese pizza which I'm going to put pineapple on (I'm one of those people) to pasta, to nutella, to prosecco! I'm going out to buy flutes for the prosecco now as It's starting to feel like christmas already! SS has done an incredible job and has honestly left me humbled such an amazing act of kindness and thought went in to this. It's like my SS knew me too as all day I've been craving leek and potato soup, my favourite, and there it was in the delivery! Incredible, Merry Christmas to everyone and Much love and thanks to a genuinely amazing Secret Santa
Barry Goldsmith / Snake Catcher Victoria A woman found a venomous tiger snake curled around their Christmas tree in Melbourne, Australia, over the weekend.
A woman in Australia found a deadly 3-foot tiger snake hiding in their Christmas tree over the weekend.
The venomous reptile was remarkably well camouflaged and could easily have been mistaken for tinsel.
The woman, who was identified only as Cheryl, called Barry Goldsmith (a.k.a. Snake Catcher Victoria) to their suburban Melbourne home on Sunday morning. They successfully trapped the serpent and later released it back into the wild.
”She didn't panic,” Goldsmith said on Facebook. “She just took a photo and sent it to the snake catcher, me, and 20 minutes later I had the little bugger in a bag. Ho Ho Ho.”
While tiger snakes have a fearsome reputation, Goldsmith told The Huffington Post that catching the unwanted home intruder was “just another day in the office for me.”
“Snakes show up in many strange places, like bird cages, bookcases, in boots and in toilets,” they said, although this was the first time he'd removed one from a Christmas tree.
Barry Goldsmith / Snake Catcher Victoria Barry Goldsmith, who trapped the snake, played down the incident by saying it was "just another day in the office."
Despite their deadly bite, tiger snakes are a protected species in many Australian states.
Every year, rookies find that once they enter the NFL, their previously elite skill set in college is - at best - par for the course on an NFL team. As a matter of principle, NFL players are bigger, faster, stronger, and more talented than college players because the NFL assembles only the most elite athletes they can find.
Just how much of a challenge rookies face in the NFL with regard to their athleticism is explained by Davis Hsu of the Seahawks SB Nation blog, Fieldgulls.com:
Put it this way- only 1 out of 6 Draft Eligible players has NFL average or above athleticism — DAVIS HSU (@DavisHsuSeattle) April 21, 2015
Field Gulls and Zach Whitman, one of their former writers, have been at the forefront of pushing a metric called SPARQ, a single metric calculated from eight different inputs (player weight, bench press, broad jump, vertical jump, forty-yard dash, ten-yard split, short shuttle and 3-cone drill) to arrive at a single composite number designed to summarize a player's athleticism.
And that athleticism as expressed by SPARQ is strongly correlated with actual NFL production. Here's a chart courtesy of Whitman at 3sigmaathlete.com explaining that exact correlation.
The chart uses Pro-Football-Reference.com's Approximate Value (read up on that metric here) as a measure of NFL production and the SPARQ score as a measure of athleticism. SPARQ here is expressed as a player's ranking relative to their peers at their position (a 0 z-score is average, a 2.0 is two standard deviations above the peer average). Whitman explains the rest:
What we see is that there's a clear trend toward more athletic players producing a higher AV3. If there was no relationship between athleticism and production, this line would be flat, parallel to the x-axis (i.e., zero slope). This relationship is statistically significant with a p-value of approximately zero.
Intrigued by the idea of such an athletic marker, the writers here at BTB wondered whether pairing the SPARQ data with a marker for college production would let us identify which prospects in a draft are the most productive AND most athletic.
The fist thing we did was to look at some historic data for defensive ends. We took the pSPARQ value for some of the premier NFL DEs (league average is 120) and crossed it with their college Production Ratio, which measures the average number of sacks and TFLs per game over their last two college seasons (league average here is about 1.4). Here's the data we got back in return
Notice how most of the premier pass rushers for whom the SPARQ data was available are clustered closely together in what we call the "A Quadrant," which shows the players most likely to succeed at the NFL level. They have a strong track record of production and have the pre-requisite athleticism that should allow them to compete at the NFL level.
Emboldened by the correlation we saw above, we proceeded to cross the SPARQ data with various production scores and ratios for the following positions:
Defensive Ends
Defensive Tackles
Linebackers
Cornerbacks
Running Backs
In those five posts, we looked at 105 total prospects and slotted each prospect into one of the four quadrants you can see on the defensive end chart above.
That exercise left us with 28 A-Quadrant prospects, prospects who will enter the league this with a college history of above average production and a demonstrated above average athleticism. The chart below shows those 28 players and where they would fit in a combined A-quadrant.
Note that because we used different averages and different production metrics for the five positions we looked at, the data below is shown as "% above average." CB Byron Jones for example had a pSPARQ score of 150.1, which places them 25% above the average of the CB position of 120, DT Xavier Cooper had a 1.32 Production ratio, which is 38% above the DT average of 0.96.
Also note that players the Cowboys had in for a visit or had a private workout with (see our Pre-Draft Visit Tracker here) are shown with bigger markers than the other players.
All 28 players here were above average in both athleticism and production. If you're missing potential Cowboys targets like Owa Odighizuwa, Marcus Peters, David Johnson, Jay Ajayi, or Preston Smith, they all narrowly missed the cut to become an A-quadrant prospect. That doesn't mean that they are of any less interest for the Cowboys, just that they don't show up on this particular graph.
If you're a team that values college production and the type of athletic markers encapsulated by SPARQ, then it's probably fair to assume that your draft board would contain many of the names in the graph above. Perhaps not all 28 - after all, game film may violently disagree with where some of the players are ranked - but enough for us to contemplate a draft board of A-Quadrant players.
Using the 'Little Board' format that rabblerousr has been championing here on BTB, here's what an A-quadrant draft board could look like:
1st Round 2nd Round
3rd Round
4th Round
5th Round
6th Round
7th Round
RB Melvin Gordon Ameer Abdullah
Duke Johnson CB Kevin Johnson
Byron Jones Eric Rowe P.J. Williams
Josh Shaw Craig Mager DE Randy Gregory
Alvin Dupree Trey Flowers Frank Clark DT Leonard Williams Xavier Cooper
Rakeem Nunez-Roches Marcus Hardison
Henry Anderson Derrick Lott Louis Trinca- Pasat Tyeler Davison
Deon Simon LB Eric Kendricks Stephone Anthony Ben Heeney
Jordan Hicks Bryce Hager Jake Ryan
A few things stand out here:
There are interesting prospects to be found at linebacker and especially defensive tackle on the third day of the draft. Of course this only holds true if my assessment of where each prospect could go carries any weight, but it is what it is.
This looks to be an interesting corner class, with some premier depth. We've been focusing a lot on first-round corner prospects, but Eric Rowe, P.J. Williams and Josh Shaw are very interesting prospects outside the first round.
At running back, the shelf looks surprisingly empty for a supposedly deep draft class. Maybe that has something to do with the fact that we chose Yards Per Attempt as a production metric for running backs, but even if we were to include David Johnson and Jay Ajayi, both second-day prospects, there doesn't appear to be a potential late-round steal waiting for us, at least not by this way of reckoning.
Overall though, the good news here is that you'll probably find a superior combination of performance and athleticism in every round of the 2015 draft. Not every A-quadrant prospect will make in the NFL, but their chances of making it are probably better than those of average athletes with average college production.
Apple assembly partner Wistron is allegedly preparing to expand its production in India, setting the stage for a second-generation iPhone SE shipping in the first quarter of 2018.
Wistron's plant in Bengaluru will be adding a new iPhone SE production line , CNA said on Friday, citing Indian sources. The company is reportedly talking to the Karnataka state government about extra land, and aiming to double or triple production capacity in the next five years.Wistron is expected to ship a new SE to the Indian market first, which could imply that another Apple partner like Foxconn or Pegatron will handle other markets.CNA's proposed timeframe for a new phone is more plausible than one recent rumor , which claimed that a simultaneous upgrade and price drop could happen as soon as this month. The first-generation SE was released in March 2016, and given a storage tweak a year later.Apple may need an upgrade to keep the phone relevant, given this fall's "iPhone 8" , "7s," and "7s Plus." An Indian site, Tekz24, recently claimed that the new SE will have the iPhone 7's A10 processor and 12-megapixel rear camera, along with 2 gigabytes of RAM and a 5-megapixel front camera. Its display may slot between 4 and 4.2 inches —anything bigger than 4 would be a change. Tekz24's reputation isn't established however, and a separate rumor has hinted that Apple could axe the SE line.Wistron has been assembling first-generation SE models in India since May, and put them on sale in June
Over the past couple of months, I have been trying to navigate the machine learning job market. It has been a bewildering, confusing, and yet immensely satisfying and informative time. Talking with friends in similar situations, I find a lot of common threads, and I find surprisingly little clarity online regarding this.
So I've just decided to put together the sum total of my experiences. Your mileage may vary. After you're done being a fresher, your situation and what you're looking for gets a little more unique, so take whatever I say with a pinch of salt.
I've been passionate about machine learning for six years or more now. Though I didn't realize it at that time, a lot of project choices, career choices and course choices I made were with the thought of ‘does this help me get closer to a research-oriented job that involves text mining in some form?'. I went to grad school at a university that was very research oriented and worked on a master's thesis on an NLP problem, as well as a ton of projects in courses. My first job after that involved NLP in the finance industry. My second job also involved text processing. The jobs I got offers from after this period also involve NLP strongly. I've literally never worked on anything else. So you can understand where I'm coming from.
So. Machine learning jobs. Where are they, usually?
Literally everywhere, it turns out. Every company seems to have a research division that involves something to do with data, and data mining. The nature of these positions can vary.
There are positions where you need to have some knowledge of machine learning, and it kind of informs your job, which might or might not involve having to use ML-based solutions. Usually these positions are at large companies. As an example, you might be in a team whose output is, say, an email client. There's some ML used in some features of the product, and it is important for you to be able to grasp and work around those algorithms, or be able to analyze data, but on a day-to-day basis you're working on writing code that doesn't involve any ML.
There are other similar positions where you deal with a higher volume of data, and they have simple solutions to get meaning out of them. Maybe they use Vowpal Wabbit on a Hadoop cluster on occasion. Or Mahout. But they've got the ML bit nailed down, and more of the work involves just doing big data kind of work. These positions are more ubiquitous. If you have some ML on your resume, as well as Hadoop or HBase, these doors open up to you. Most of the places that require this kind of skillset are mid-sized companies kind of out of the startup phase.
Then you have the Data Scientist positions. This phrase is pretty catchall, and you find a wide variety of positions if you look for this title. Often at big firms, it means that you have knowledge of statistics, and can deal with tools like R, Excel, SQL databases, and maybe Python in order to find insights that help with business decisions. The volume of data you deal with isn't usually large.
At startups though, this title means a lot more. You are usually interviewing to be the go-to person for all the ML needs in the company. The kind of skills interview all the ones I mentioned above, apart from having a thorough knowledge of other things like scikit-learn and Weka, as well as having worked on ML projects. Some big data experience is usually a plus. Often, you're finding insights in the data and prototyping things that an engineering team will put in production. Or maybe you're also doing that if ML is not central to the startup's core business.
Most people are looking for the Research Engineer job. You aren't usually coming up with new algorithms. But you're implementing some. On the upper end of the scale, you're going through research papers and implementing the algorithms in them and making them work. You need a fair idea of putting code into production and deviate from research in adding layers to things to make your system work in a more deterministic, debuggable fashion. An example would be several jobs at LinkedIn where a lot of the features on the site need you to use collaborative filtering or classification. Increasingly, these jobs work on large data, but often that is not the case, and people manage fine using parallel processing instead of graph databases and mapreduce.
In a mature team, this position might not require you to use your ML skills on a day-to-day basis. In a new team, this position would need you to work on end to end systems that happen to use ML that you will be implementing.
In larger firms, you probably just need to have worked on ML in grad school, and your past jobs. It doesn't matter the nature of the kind of data you've worked on. In startups though, they start looking for more specific skills. Like they'd want someone who's specifically worked on topic modelling. Or machine translation. The complexity of their system doesn't usually call for a PhD. They would grab an off the shelf solution if they could. But they would ideally want someone who has an idea of these things own this component and manage it completely, and be able to hit the ground running, which is why they want someone who's worked on same or similar things previously.
Which brings me to another point. All ML jobs aren't equally interviewed for.
Some large as well as mid-sized tech firms hire you for the company, not for a specific team or role. Usually, the recruiter finds you based on buzzwords in your resume, and sets up interviews with you. The folks interviewing you probably work in teams that have nothing to do with your skills. It is possible you go through interviews not answering even one ML question. Later when you get hired, they try to match you to a team, and they try to take into account your ML background to place you in a relevant team. If you're interviewing for a specific kind of job, this makes it harder as you don't know until you're done with the whole process about what kind of work you'll be doing.
Like I said before, at startups probably, you'll know exactly what kinds of problems you'll be working on. But more often, you're hired into a group of sister teams. They all require similar skills. Maybe they work on different components of the same product, all of which use ML in different ways. So you have a fair idea of what you'll be working on, but not necessarily a clear picture. You might end up working at the heart of the ML algorithm, or maybe you're preprocessing text. The interviews will go over your ML background and previous projects as well as ML-related problem-solving.
Then there's the Applied Researcher role. You usually require a demonstrated capability of working on reasonably complex ML problems. You are occasionally putting things in production and need good coding skills. Often, you're prototyping things after researching different approaches. When you do put things in production, it is usually tools that other teams that use ML in their solutions use. Language is no bar, but usually there's an agreed-upon suite of tools and languages that the team uses.
The Researcher role usually requires a PhD. Your team is probably the idea factory of the company, or that particular line of business of that company. Intellectual property generation is part of the job. I'm not highly insightful about this line of work, because I haven't known very many people opting for these positions, and it feels increasingly like PhDs take up the Applied Researcher/Research Engineer role in a team, and do the prototyping and analyses while others help with that as well as put these prototypes into production.
There's a lot of overlap in all these different types of positions I've mentioned, and it isn't a watertight classification. It's a rough guide to the different kinds of positions there are.
So where do you find these jobs?
LinkedIn is a great resource. You can use ‘machine learning', ‘data mining', ‘image processing' or ‘data science' or ‘text mining' or ‘natural language processing' as search keywords. I've also found Twitter to be a great place to search for jobs using these same keywords.
There are tons of job boards that also enable you to search using these keywords. Apart from them, I find a lot of ML-specific job fora. There's KDNuggets Jobs, NLPPeople, LinguistList which are browsable job boards. Apart from them, there are also mailing lists like ML-News and SIG-IRList. I've also found /r/MachineLearning on Reddit to be a good resource on occasion for jobs.
Now that you've found a position and sent them off your resume and they got back to you, what do you expect in the interview? Wait for my next post to find out!
Advertisements
Let us travel to the year 1895. Grover Cleveland is the President of the United States. A flu pandemic five years previous has killed 1 million people worldwide, with particularly devastating effects in Chicago, and this event isn't so much your past as your future, as infectious diseases are more than likely to be the cause of your own dead-end. Both Mark Twain and Oscar Wilde are at the height of their careers, as is Butch Cassidy, but Will Rogers is just a boy, and the gramophone has only just gone into mass production. Life is full of possibility, but it is also—by 2017 standards—brutal, dirty, and short.
Embedded within this world and this year is Hunt. It was a hell of a time for firearms innovation, and the weapons of Hunt first gestated in the minds of the 19th century's engineers and inventors. Our artists bedded down in the gear of the time, translated it into the world of Hunt, and when you play, you'll be able to get your hands around their brutal, dark designs.
In Hunt, Louisiana in 1895 is a dead zone, populated with horrific creatures that have crept through the cracks between worlds, or so one theory goes. Bounty Hunters from across the country are answering the call to arms: the call of wealth, the call of glory, and the call of blood. The weapons and equipment these Hunters carry has done time in the field, been modified with whatever was at hand, and splattered with blood and mud and sweat and grime. Death lies visibly upon them, as it does the faces of those who have fought these strange terrors and lived to repeat the experience.
They shall know you by your rifle
Each Hunter can carry one double-handed weapon, one single-handed weapon, three tools, and three consumables. How you equip yourself is entirely up to you and your hunting style, but today we're going to take you through a few items you might want to have hanging on your belt during your first few Hunt matches. This load out may be slightly less flexible than a more subtle combination you might choose later in your hunting career, but it will give beginning players with a bit of aim and a bit of luck the power necessary to take down a veteran.
Sparks LRR
The Sparks LRR is a rifle designed for big game hunting. It can take down a buffalo—or any other large creatures you might meet in the wilds—at an enormous distance with incredible accuracy. But it only takes one cartridge at a time, and the slow reload time can put you at a disadvantage in close combat.
Caldwell Rival 78 Handcannon
This sawed-off side-by-side shotgun has a wide shot spread and is most effective at point blank range or to sweep a room of enemies. If you've also equipped yourself with a Sparks, the Rival will compensate with some powerful short-range wreckage.
Electric Lamp
See in the dark! Investigate underground areas and dark corners! Alert everyone else on the map to exactly where you are so they can take you out! That is to say: use with caution. The Electric Lamp will never be necessary to see, but it can be helpful—or harmful—depending on when and how you use it.
First Aid Kit
The First Aid Kit is an obvious but necessary item for every Hunter. You can bandage yourself or your fellow Hunter to restore one health bar, and carrying it around with you will make you less dependent on level caches to resupply.
Fire Bomb
You might know the Fire Bomb as a Molotov Cocktail, and the concept is the same: Hunters use whatever they have on hand—which, if they've been paid recently, is likely to be a few empty whiskey bottles—to build a makeshift bomb that spells their wrath out in flames.
Get ready Hunters, the time to arm yourselves draws near.
Vijay Joshi, the co-convict of Jharkhand's former Chief Minister Madhu Koda in the multi-crore coal block allocation scam case, has been granted bail by the Delhi High Court, which also granted interim stay on depositing fine of Rs 25 lakh imposed on them by Special CBI court.
Justice Anu Malhotra granted interim relief to the Vijay Joshi, the majority shareholder in Kolkata-based Vinni Iron & Steel Udyog Ltd, which has illegally allocated the Rajhara North coal block in Jharkhand in January 2007, despite it not meeting the eligibility criterion.
Joshi was sentenced to three-year imprisonment and fine of Rs 25 lakh by the Special CBI court on December 13.
They had then also pleaded against hefty fine being imposed on them on the ground that their financial condition is weak and that they have not been able to pay even for the shares in VISUL, which was also slapped a fine of Rs 50 lakh.
During arguments on Joshi's appeal, their counsel Harsh K. Sharma, founder of Prosoll Law Inc. along with advocate Vaibhavi Sharma and advocate Rohit Gaur, brought to the court's attention the decision of the high court in Sanjeev Sehgal vs CBI to say that on presentation of appeal, no payment of fine can be directed to be paid during the pendency of the appeal.
On their application for grant of bail, the court ordered, “Taking into account the factum that the appellant is stated to have been on bail during the entire period of trial, the appellant is allowed to be released on bail on furnishing a personal bond in the sum of Rs 1 lakh with one surety of like amount…”
The appeal is now listed for January 22, till which date the deposit of the fine amount has been stayed.
The court has directed Joshi not to leave country during the pendency of appeal.
A similar has been filed by VISUL and is pending before the high court.
Special CBI judge Bharat Parashar had sentenced Koda, former Coal Secretary HC Gupta, former Jharkhand Chief Secretary Ashok Kumar Basu and Vijay to three-year imprisonment for their involvement in the multi-crore scam.
Pursuant to the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act (WPEA), signed by President Barack Obama in 2012, U.S. government employees have a statutory right to “blow the whistle” without suffering retaliation. The WPEA protects federal employees who disclose violations of laws, rules, or regulations and mismanagement, except when such disclosures are specifically prohibited by law or required by Executive order to “be kept secret in the interest of national defense or the conduct of foreign affairs.” An independent federal agency, the Office of Special Counsel, has the authority to investigate the “prohibited personnel practices” enumerated in the WPEA and also serves as a conduit for evaluating whistleblower disclosures.
Acting Attorney General Sally Quillian Yates was fired by President Trump just hours after they issued a letter instructing Justice Department attorneys not to present arguments in defense of the President's Executive Order entitled “Protecting the Nation from Foreign Terrorist Entry Into the United States.” Yates wrote,
“My responsibility is to ensure that the position of the Department of Justice is not only legally defensible, but is informed by our best view of what the law is after consideration of all the facts. In addition, I am responsible for ensuring that the positions we take in court remain consistent with this institution's solemn obligation to always seek justice and stand for what is right. At present, I am not convinced that the defense of the Executive Order is consistent with these responsibilities nor am I convinced that the Executive Order is lawful.” (emphasis added)
After releasing their letter, Yates reportedly was hand-delivered a letter stating that “the president has removed you from the office of Deputy Attorney General of the United States,” and, soon after, the White House released a statement accusing Yates of “betray[ing] the Department of Justice by refusing to enforce a legal order.”
Under the WPEA, a protected disclosure includes a statement that a person in a “covered position” “believes . . . evidences any violation of any law, rule, or regulation . . .” Yates stated in their letter that, in their opinion, the Executive Order might be unlawful. Arguably, therefore, Yates' letter met the WPEA's requirement that a disclosure “evidence[]” what the whistleblower “reasonably believes” to be a violation of law. The WPEA, however, does not protect disclosures made by federal government officials who are “excepted from the competitive service because of [the] confidential, policy-determining, policy-making, or policy-advocating character” of their position. Given the Attorney General's “policy making” responsibilities, this exception likely applies to Yates, precluding them from asserting the protections of the WPEA. This exclusion, however would not appear to apply to lower level employees of the Justice Department. Thus, if a qualifying federal employee, for example, an assistant U.S. attorney, had issued the same statement as Yates, and was fired as a result, they or they likely would have been able to argue that the termination amounted to unlawful retaliation.
Watch On Forbes: With Arnold Schwarzenegger In Trump's Seat, Does 'The Apprentice' Deserve To Be Terminated?
Whether the current administration's actions will trigger the WPEA's whistleblower protections may become clear sooner rather than later. According to an article in the New York Times, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer reportedly warned State Department employees earlier this week, in reference to the same Executive Order that was the subject of Yates' letter, that they “should either get with the program or they can go.” Given the WPEA's protections, the suggestion that a federal employee needs to quit their or their job if the employee cannot “get with the program,” may very well fall within the anti-retaliation proscription of the WPEA. However, apparently undeterred by Spicer's warning, or emboldened by the protections afforded them by the WPEA and their department's own pro-whistleblower rules, just one day after Spicer's warning, over 1,000 State Department employees signed a dissent letter criticizing the Executive Order.
It remains to be seen if the signatories to the dissent order or other federal employees who voice their concern about the legality of the new administration's actions will suffer direct or indirect retaliation. Notwithstanding any clear violation of the WPEA's whistleblower protections, certain government officials obviously believe that the new administration is in danger of inadvertently running afoul of the act's protections. Thus, on January 25, 2017, the Office of Special Counsel issued a reminder to the new administration that the WPEA also contains “anti-gag provisions,” pursuant to which “agencies cannot impose nondisclosure agreements and policies that fail to include required language that informs employees that their statutory right to blow the whistle supersedes the terms and conditions of the nondisclosure agreement or policy.” The OSC's press release also specifically noted that employees are “shield[ed]” “for blowing the whistle on any effort to 'distort, misrepresent, suppress' or otherwise censor any government 'research, analysis, or technical information' that the employee reasonably believes could, among other things, pose a substantial and significant threat to public health or safety or constitute a violation of law, rule, or regulation.” This reminder seemingly was issued in response to the Trump administration's reported efforts to limit information released by government scientists.
Laws protecting whistleblowers should be familiar to President Trump who repeatedly asserted during their campaign that their experience running companies made them qualified to run the country. But, whether to stifle dissent within a private company, like Trump's, is a much different calculation than whether to suppress differences of opinion within the federal civil service. In a private company, terminating a rogue employee – whether or not that employee is a protected whistleblower – may come down to an economic calculation. Far more is at stake when career civil servants, such as scientists, environmentalists, and even lawyers, cannot voice their opinions or share their research without fear of reprisal. And, while it may prefer to create an echo chamber within the federal workforce, by doing so, the new administration risks violating federal law.
LeBron's Mother ARRESTED In Miami
LeBron James' Mother Gloria James ARRESTED In Miami
' mom, Gloria James , was arrested in Miami Beach early this morning for allegedly assaulting a parking valet at the famous... this according to law enforcement.Hotel sources tell us ... Gloria was partying at LIV nightclub with some of their girlfriends earlier in the evening ... but when they tried to leave the hotel, they got into an altercation with one of the valet parking attendants We're told Gloria allegedly assaulted the valet. Cops received a call about the incident at 4:47 AM. Gloria was eventually arrested on suspicion of misdemeanor assault. The valet was not arrested.We're told Gloria has been released from custody.Gloria has been in trouble with the law before ... having been arrested in 2006 for DUI in Ohio.LeBron was in Miami last night -- where the Heat played the Bucks ... and lost.A rep for the hotel confirmed the incident ... but had no further comment.
In North Carolina, absentee voting is broadly divided into three categories: absentee-by-mail voting, military and overseas citizens voting (also called UOCAVA voting), and absentee one-stop voting. These processes are all considered absentee, because the voting takes place away from the traditional Election Day precincts.
Absentee-by-Mail Voting
Absentee-by-mail voting is fairly self-explanatory. A voter fills out a request form for an absentee ballot, then mails it to their county board of elections. The BOE will process the form and mail the voter a ballot, which the voter should complete, have witnessed, and return by mail.
Any registered North Carolina voter may request an absentee ballot by mail. No excuse is needed to vote by absentee. To request an absentee ballot, complete the North Carolina Absentee Ballot Request Form. The Absentee Ballot Request Form may only be signed by the voter or a voter's near relative or legal guardian. According to the law, a "near relative" can be any of the following: spouse, sibling, parent, grandparent, child, grandchild, mother-in-law, father-in-law, daughter-in-law, son-in-law, stepparent, or stepchild of the voter.
A completed Absentee Ballot Request Form may be scanned and emailed, faxed, or mailed to the county board of elections. The contact information for the county boards of elections may be found here.
More information is available on Civilian Absentee Voting page.
Military/Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting
Uniformed service members (and their eligible dependents), as well as U.S. citizens living outside of the United States, may request an absentee ballot under the Uniformed and Overseas Citizens Absentee Voting Act (UOCAVA). This federal act and corresponding laws in North Carolina allow uniformed service members and overseas citizens who are absent from their county of residence in North Carolina to request, receive and return an absentee ballot under special rights.
Click here for more information on UOCAVA absentee voting.
One-Stop Absentee (Early) Voting
One-stop absentee voting (in-person absentee voting, or early voting) allows registered voters to go in person to their county board of elections office (or an alternative location) to vote an absentee ballot. One-stop absentee voting is conducted starting on the third Thursday before the election and ends on the last Saturday before the election. During the one-stop early voting period, you may register to vote and vote on the same day.
Click here for more information on One-stop Absentee Voting.
One-stop early voting sites in your county can be found here.
Accompanied by odd digitized theme music, Minnesota Congresswoman Michele Bachmann announced early Wednesday morning via YouTube that they would not seek a fifth term in Congress. At this writing, comments for the ‘Team Bachmann‘ video have been disabled.
During their video presentation, Bachmann (R-Minn.) insisted that their announcement was not related to the ongoing ethics investigation regarding alleged misconduct during their failed attempt to win the 2012 Republican presidential primary.
“Be assured: My decision was not in any way influenced by any concerns about my being reelected to Congress,” Bachmann said. “I have every confidence that if I ran, I would again defeat the individual who I defeated last year, who recently announced they are once again running.”
“And rest assured, this decision was not impacted in any way by the recent inquiries into the activities of my former presidential campaign or my former presidential staff. It was clearly understood that compliance with all rules and regulations was an absolute necessity for my presidential campaign.”
Watch the video of their announcement below:
This is a breaking news item. This story will be updated as new information becomes available.
Sen. Marco Rubio is walking back rhetoric on President Obama's executive amnesty, but they still haven't committed to a timeline when they would end it if he's elected president, even though they have called it unconstitutional.
Speaking to reporters in New Hampshire, Rubio said President Obama's executive order to defer deportation for children of illegal immigrants to the United States (DACA) would have to end – even without legislation to fix the problem in Congress.
“DACA is going to end and the ideal way for it to end is that it's replaced by a reform system that creates an alternative,” Rubio said. “But if it doesn't, it will end. It cannot be the permanent policy of the United States,” they told voters in on Tuesday.
Rubio's admission that DACA has to “come to an end” is not new, as they continue to be vague on a firm commitment or a timeline for ending it if elected president.
“Ultimately there will come a point where it will have to end,” Rubio told NBC News reporter Kasie Hunt in April. “Maybe not in six months, but at some point it will have to end.”
In the same interview, Rubio explained that a sudden ending of DACA would be “disruptive” for illegal immigrants – currently working and enjoying government benefits as a result of the program.
“I wouldn't say that we would immediately reverse that one,” they said in April, when asked if they would end DACA if elected president.
But Rubio's rhetoric has shifted slightly since April, admitting that DACA “would end” even without a legislative fix. They previously supported immigration reform that would apply to DACA recipients before ending the program.
Rubio also told voters in New Hampshire that DACA was an “unconstitutional policy” according to CNN.
Rubio's position leaves them in the baffling situation of being unwilling to commit to immediately revoking a program they are describing as unconstitutional. That could add further complications to their potential presidency, if they failed to end DACA after taking an oath of office swearing to uphold the Constitution. In response to questions from Breitbart News, Rubio aides were unable to provide a specific timeline on which a President Rubio would end DACA, but repeated their assurance that it would come to an end if he's elected president.
At this point, Rubio appears willing to let DACA expire during their presidency, but hasn't committed to ending the program or revoking the work permits issued by USCIS. The work permits issued under DACA, beginning in 2012, usually apply to a two-year period.
Earlier this week, Breitbart News reported details of an interview they did in April with Univision anchor Jorge Ramos in which they expressed “hope” that some sort of immigration reform would pass and end DACA, but they were not demanding that it “tomorrow or this week or right away.”
Other Republican presidential candidates have criticized Rubio's position on the issue, most recently New Jersey Governor Chris Christie.
Christie commented on Rubio's position during an interview with conservative radio show host Laura Ingraham earlier this week.
“Maybe Marco doesn't believe that the executive order is illegal, and if they don't they should say that,” Christie said. “And, he's welcome to that opinion, obviously there are lots of Democrats who would agree with that. But, they need to say that.”
Obama has insisted that both of their executive amnesty orders would remain in place until Congress acted legislatively on immigration reform. Their actions, however, infuriated Republicans — even those who supported immigration reform, effectively poisoning the well for any consensus on the issue.
Newly-elected House Speaker Paul Ryan has stated that any immigration reform during the Obama presidency would be politically unworkable.
“The House of Representatives will not vote on comprehensive immigration legislation as long as President Obama is in office,” Ryan wrote in a USA Today op-ed. “And the reason is simple: The American people can't trust them to uphold the law.”
The biggest question, therefore, is what a Republican president would do with both of President Obama's amnesty actions — DACA and DAPA — after assuming office.
Many Republican candidates running for president have vowed that they would end both programs immediately on the basis that they are illegal — including Christie.
“I've said very clearly that the President's conduct is illegal … If those executive orders are illegal, which I believe they are, then they need to be revoked the first day you get in office,” Christie said during their interview with Ingraham.
"A Los Angeles Superior Court judge ... confirmed an earlier ruling that found Jet Propulsion Laboratory administrators did not discriminate against a longtime staffer when they laid them off in 2011," reports the La Cañada Valley Sun (January 17, 2013). The initial complaint, filed on April 11, 2010, alleged that JPL discriminated against and unfairly demoted David Coppedge because of their discussion of "intelligent design" as well as religious and political issues in the workplace. After Coppedge was laid off from their job in January 2011, the complaint was amended to add a claim of wrongful termination, although JPL replied that Coppedge was laid off as part of a natural attrition.
Ernest Hiroshige, the judge presiding over the case, was unconvinced by Coppedge's arguments, however, and adopted the defendant's proposed statement of decision and proposed statement of judgment on January 15, 2013. The decision was not unexpected: in November 2012, Judge Hiroshige tentatively ruled in favor of the defendant. The proposed statements, running fifty-seven pages, declare (PDF) that Coppedge failed to prove by a preponderance of the evidence that Caltech (which operates JPL for NASA) engaged in religious discrimination against, retaliated against, failed to prevent discrimination against, wrongfully demoted, or wrongfully terminated Coppedge.
Rumbled! This was not the first time Mr Davis had been found masturbating with a cucumber in a library (Picture: Toronto Police Service)
A judge has sentenced a man who was seen masturbating in a public library while holding a cucumber – and it wasn't for the first time.
Fredrick Tennyson Davis, 49, was at the Agincourt Library in Toronto, Canada, on 31 May when they were spotted by staff.
Library employees recognised the man from the last time they had been caught in flagrante delicto with a salad item after they were seen carrying out the same lewd act in the library back in April.
Constable David Hopkinson of the Toronto Police Service revealed that subtlety was not Mr Davis' strong suit.
‘On April 7, they sit down and a 26-year-old woman sits next to them and they open up their laptop,' Constable Hopkinson told the Sun News Network.
Yes, it is possible to love cucumber too much
The man then started masturbating with one hand while clutching a cucumber with the other, Hopkinson said.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Mr Davis was charged with an indecent act and two counts of failure to comply with probation. York Regional Police Constable Andy Pattenden revealed that Mr Davis was charged with a similar act back in June 2012 at a different library.
It isn't known whether Mr Davis recycles the cucumbers or uses a fresh one each time.
The judge handed down a suspended sentence and 12 months probation to the man.
When pressed as to whether Mr Davis had posed a threat to library staff, Constable Hopkinson remarked:
‘I don't think they had any free hands to make a threat.'
Visit to Portugal: Two Days in Porto
A panorama of the Porto cityscape from our hotel.
Jessica shoots an iPhone panorama of Porto.
Jessica's iPhone panorama taken from the patio of our hotel room.
Boats along the Douro River waterfront in Vila Nova de Gaia
Me on the Port Walk waterfront in Vila Nova de Gaia
Beneath the Ponte Dom Luis I Bridge between Vila Nova de Gaia and Porto
Overlooking Porto
Overlooking Porto
Jessica doing some research during our walking tour of Porto
Pedestrian-friendly road construction signs
"The Perfect Love"
A brief stop for a 1-Euro snack from the Pringles Machine
Jessica eats one of the national dishes of Portugal, Caldo Verde (green soup)
Behold! The traditional sandwich of Porto, the Francesinha (little Frenchie)
Liberdade Square
The Livraria Lello Bookstore
University Students outside the Se, the Cathedral of Porto
Jessica port tasting at Ramos Pinto
Port tasting at Ramos Pinto
Port tasting at Taylor's
Chef Rui Paula and Jessica enjoying after-dinner drinks at DOP (Instagram Photo)
The Porto Cityscape at Night
Speaking in Washington DC last week, US Secretary of State John Kerry described “the current situation” between Israel and the Palestinians as “simply not sustainable”.
The senior diplomat reaffirmed that their government sees a “two-state solution” as “the only viable alternative” to the status quo. “Anybody who thinks otherwise,” they added, “can measure what unitary looks like by just looking at what's been occurring over the past few weeks.”
Kerry's comments have been echoed by a number of commentators, who have similarly sought to affirm the case for a two-state solution – while simultaneously attacking the idea of a ‘one state' solution – by pointing to the intensification of violence since September/October.
Writing in the New Statesman, Ari Shavit – described by the magazine's editor as one of Israel's “leading liberal voices” – claimed that “the difficult events of this dark autumn have revealed… the true and terrifying meaning of an increasingly fashionable idea – the one-state solution.”
According to Shavit, “what has occurred in the Promised Land over the past few weeks should be heard as a powerful wake-up call…that says there is no other solution than the two-state solution. A wake-up call that says the one-state solution is a deadly solution.”
They were not alone. In Haaretz, Asher Schechter argued that the recent violence was “not an intifada” but “something far more sinister: A terrifying preview to a binational, one-state Israel that already exists to a large degree on the ground.”
The Guardian's Jonathan Freedland, meanwhile, wrote last week that without a two-state solution, Israel's future was “either an apartheid state or a binational entity fated to never-ending inter-ethnic violence, of the kind so gruesomely previewed in the last few weeks of stabbings and shootings”.
What characterises these proclamations is a failure to distinguish between the status quo, and a future, one state, decolonised democracy. “Hallelujah, Gush Emunim nationalists; Hallelujah BDS liberals,” Shavit sarcastically wrote: “the bi-national reality is taking shape.”
The man hailed by Western liberals for their angst-ridden apologia for ethnic cleansing lumps together “the messianic religious nationalist right and the intellectuals of the Boycott, Divestment and Sanctions movement” as authors of “different forms” of the same “insane… idea”.
This misrepresentation of a democratic, single state for Israeli Jews and Palestinians is either cynically, deliberately disingenuous, or indicative of a total failure to engage with the substance of the idea (while damning it left, right and centre).
Schechter does in fact make a distinction, noting in passing that “a fully equal binational state might stop it [the unrest], but the chances of that happening are slim”. But this is not developed, and why the chances are “slim,” they do not say.
The Palestinians' latest anti-colonial revolt is a product of the de facto “one state,” status quo, an on-the-ground apartheid reality that has been decades in the making. One in seven Palestinians are second-class citizens; a third are under military rule; half are excluded from their homeland.
Over the years, Israel has developed a system, based on legislation, walls, and lethal violence, designed to maintain a regime of privileges for Jews at the expense of Palestinians. The Israeli state controls the lives of all those resident between the Jordan River and the Mediterranean Sea, and affords or denies rights on a discriminatory basis.
The Israeli right represented by Prime Minister Netanyahu wants the status quo for as long as possible – the permanently temporary occupation. The Israeli right of Naftali Bennett and Tzipi Hotovely wants to take the necessary steps to create a single, defiantly apartheid state.
The Israeli left, the opposition represented by Tzipi Livni and Labor's Isaac Herzog, want “separation” through the form of a Palestinian Bantustan state: in Rabin's words, “an entity which is less than a state”. Or as Ehud Barak's 1999 election campaign slogan put it: “Us here, them over there.”
The liberal Zionist appeal for separation is rooted in the belief that this is the way to protect an artificially and violently created “Jewish majority”; advocating such a course in the name of “security” is less honest, but presumed to be more palatable for some.
Back in March, the famed Israeli author Amos Oz dismissed the idea of one state as “delusional”; the “fantasy” of “equality,” they wrote, would guarantee a future “internal bloodbath”. Under the Apartheid regime, white South Africans also feared that a transition to democracy would mean “violence, total collapse, expulsion and flight”.
Contrast the settler-colonial paranoia of Oz with the conclusion of Gideon Levy, who has taken some time to abandon the two-state framework. Now, however, they have no illusions: “Out of the fire and despair, we must start talking about the last way out: equal rights for all. For Jews and Arabs. One state is already here, and has been for a long time. All it needs is to be just and do the right thing.”
Decades of attempted partition have failed. The Palestinians have not accepted the colonisation of their homeland. Population dispersal, water and natural resources, geography, transport networks – it is the one state solution that is “practical,” not two-state segregation. Violence is a consequence of the apartheid status quo, and the solution is decolonisation.
- Ben White is the author of ‘Israeli Apartheid: A Beginner's Guide' and ‘Palestinians in Israel: Segregation, Discrimination and Democracy'.  They are a writer for Middle East Monitor, and their articles have been published by Al Jazeera, al-Araby, Huffington Post, The Electronic Intifada, The Guardian's Comment is free, and more.
The views expressed in this article belong to the author and do not necessarily reflect the editorial policy of Middle East Eye.
Photo: Palestinians carry the bodies of the 5 Palestinians killed by Israeli forces after allegedly attempting stabbing attacks on Israelis, during a funeral ceremony after their bodies were released by Israeli authorities in the West Bank city of Hebron on 31 October, 2015. (AA)
NASA has announced that its next Mars lander, the Interior Exploration using Seismic Investigations, Geodesy and Heat Transport (InSight), has started its pre-flight tests to ensure it can survive launch and the long schlep to the Red Planet.
InSight is due to launch and reach Mars next year. When it arrives, one of its chores will be to deploy an instrument called HP3, a “mole” that “will hammer five meters into the Martian subsurface … to learn how much heat is coming from Mars' interior and reveal the planet's thermal history” (See video below).
The lander won't have wheels: wherever it lays its hat, that'll be home. Landing will be achieved with a parachute-and-rockets arrangement similar to that used on the Mars Phoenix lander. It's expected the lander will come to rest somewhere on the Elysium Planitia in September next year, after a March launch.
Once it lands the craft will deploy a seismometer, and a doppler shift detector called RISE to measure the planet's wobble. One of two cameras will help mission scientists to aim the lander's instruments. The second will take 120-degree panoramas of Mars.
The mission's aim is to explore Martian geology, the better to understand how rocky planets form. It's hoped the 30GB a year of data the craft is expected to phone home will help advanced our knowledge of the field.
InSight's mission is planned to last two years.
The SEIS instrument was provided by the French Space Agency, with help from the Institut de Physique du Globe de Paris, the Swiss Federal Institute ofTechnology, the Max-Planck-Institute for Solar System Research (MPS), Imperial College and the Jet Propulsion Laboratory. HP3 was brought to you by the German Space Agency. ®
Kylian Mbappe is a target for Arsenal (Picture: Getty)
Monaco striker Kylian Mbappe has Arsenal fans dreaming of a sensational transfer after ‘liking' a tweet from a fan suggesting the Gunners need to buy them and Alexandre Lacazette this summer.
The 18-year-old forward has just had a superb breakthrough season for Monaco, scoring 26 goals in all competitions to fire their club to the Ligue 1 title and the semi-finals of the Champions League.
Solskjaer sends message to struggling Man Utd star ahead of Crystal Palace clash
Arsenal are among a number of top clubs to have been linked with Mbappe in recent times, with reports that they're ready to smash their transfer record to beat their rivals to their signature.
It remains to be seen how much can really be read into a player's social media activity, though last summer's high-profile transfer of Paul Pogba between Juventus and Manchester United saw plenty of clues dropped on Instagram throughout the saga.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Still, when user @Catf1sh tweeted: ‘Now is the time for Arsenal to submit a double bid for Kylian Mbappe and Alexandre Lacazette', Mbappe responded by ‘liking' the suggestion.
Mbappe had a sensational season for Monaco (Picture: Getty)
Mbappe is currently on France duty with Arsenal's Olivier Giroud (Picture: Getty)
The France international would surely have the pick of Europe's elite clubs if they did decide on a move this summer, but could well see a move to Arsenal as the best next step for their development, as they would likely play more there than at somewhere like Real Madrid.
Former Monaco team-mate Bernardo Silva has already left the club this summer for a move to Manchester City, and said this week that Mbappe is torn over their future.
MORE: Arsenal star considering retirement at the end of next season
MORE: Alexis Sanchez looks closer to Bayern Munich transfer after talks
Mulberry leaf extracts have a history of use for blood sugar management, with the extracts being used to treat diabetes in some Asian countries​.
The benefits of the extracts are linked to a compound called 1-deoxynojirimycin (DNJ) and some of its derivatives, which are reported to inhibit the activity of a carbohydrate digesting enzyme called alpha-glucosidase. By slowing or stopping this enzyme, the digestion of starch and oligosaccharides is slowed, which suppresses blood glucose spikes after eating.
Writing in the Journal of Functional Foods​, ​Korean researchers from Ewha Woman's University and the Seoul National University of Science and Technology noted that intakes of 2.5 or 5 grams of mulberry leaf led to lower blood glucose levels after a ingesting a maltose solution.
“Ingestion of mulberry leaf aqueous extract containing 0.36% DNJ effectively reduced hyperglycemia after a 75 g maltose challenge in healthy subjects from the initial measurement at 0–180 min,”​ wrote the researchers.
“The effective doses were 2.5–5 g of mulberry leaf aqueous extract, which correspond to 9–18 mg of DNJ, respectively.”​
Study details​
The Seoul-based researchers recruited 50 healthy people to participate in their randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. Subjects were randomly assigned to one of five groups: Four groups received a maltose powder drink with 0, 1.25, 2.5, or 5 grams of the mulberry leaf extract. The fifth group consumed a beverage with 5 grams of the mulberry leaf extract 30 minutes before drinking the maltose solution.
Results showed that the 2.5 and 5 gram mulberry doses were associated with lower glucose levels in the healthy subjects, and there were no significant differences between the two doses.
In addition, no differences between the pre- and simultaneous administration of mulberry leaf extract groups were recorded.
Whole extract ​
The Korean researchers said that, according to a previous study by their group, the blood sugar lowering effects are only observed when whole mulberry leaf extract is used, and are not observed when DNJ is administered on its own.
“As mulberry leaf may contain dietary fibers, which are unabsorbable substances, it is reasonable to assume that they may act on the rate of gastric emptying and intestinal absorption,”​ they said. “Besides DNJ and soluble dietary fiber, flavonoids and related constituents found in mulberry leaf were also described for inhibiting glucose uptake as well as alpha-glucosidase acitivity.​
“These flavonoids were reported chlorogenic acid, rutin and quercetin. Therefore, the lowering of the postprandial glucose response after loading with maltose might be attributed to the additive effect of inhibiting maltase and glucose absorption; however, we did not compare DNJ alone to mulberry extract in this study.”​
Source: Journal of Functional Foods​​
Volume 5, Issue 3, Pages 1502–1506, doi: 10.1016/j.jff.2013.04.015
“Acute intake of mulberry leaf aqueous extract affects postprandial glucose response after maltose loading: Randomized double-blind placebo-controlled pilot study”​
Authors: H.I. Chung, J. Kim, J.Y. Kim, O. Kwon
Republic FC midfielder Ivan Mirkovic says it's bittersweet that some of their former teammates and friends, especially Nemanja Vukovic, have left the team.
But they say professional soccer players are used to being vagabonds, something Republic FC fans might have a tough time understanding because the franchise is entering only its third year.
Starters Vukovic, Rodrigo López, Mickey Daly and Justin Braun and popular reserve Gabe Gissie have moved on to new clubs. All were members of the inaugural Republic FC team that won the USL championship in 2014. Also gone is last year's goalkeeper Patrick McLain.  They are now in the MLS with the Chicago Fire.
“Everybody sees that as a big, big change for the club, roster-wise, but I don't think the fans should be disappointed with what happened in the offseason,” said Mirkovic, one of six original Republic players. “They have to understand that this is a business. It is what it is. Soccer players come and go.”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
That goes for coaches, too.
“When Preki left, it was a big deal,” Mirkovic said. “Now nobody talks about Preki. In a couple of weeks, a couple of months, people won't be talking about RoRo, Justin or anybody else who is gone. Everyone is going to be focusing on our games, this team.”
That doesn't mean the players won't miss their old teammates.
Mirkovic, 28, said they and Vukovic, both born in the Balkans, “are like twins.”
Mirkovic said it was emotional on Monday when Vukovic dropped by the locker room to say farewell before Republic FC's first day of training at Cosumnes River College.
Vukovic (along with Braun) will play this season for the North American Soccer League Indy Eleven.
“I'm happy for him,” Mirkovic said. “I know they were happy to get a good contract and is excited about going into a new environment. But I also know they were sad. They loved Sacramento.”
Despite the departure of so many key players, Mirkovic doesn't expect a drop in performance. They believe coach Paul Buckle will have a team that will play entertaining, attacking soccer and contend for the USL title.
“It's going to be a younger team this year, but maybe that's good,” Mirkovic said. “New guys are coming in who are hungry, and we have a coach hungry to show what they know. I think it's going to be an exciting year.”
Bonding experience – Republic FC is spending a week of training in Mazatlán, Mexico, and forward Thomas Stewart thinks it will be a huge benefit for a team that has several new players and has its first match against the Colorado Rapids on Feb. 13 at Bonney Field.
“It's extremely beneficial and ideal at this point to do that,” Stewart said. “The guys get a chance to bond and focus their attention on training and fitness while getting away from the comforts of home.”
They also like that the team will quickly jump into the fire by playing the Rapids, then the San Jose Earthquakes seven days later.
“It's nice to hit the ground running and important to test ourselves in these type of games,” Stewart said. “It's especially good for the new guys. It shows what it takes to play at that level, and what we'll need to do to get better.”
U.S. Open Cup – Republic FC will be one of 92 teams that will compete in the 2016 Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup, the world's third-longest-running open soccer tournament.
Sacramento will open play in the second round on May 18 against an opponent to be determined. Republic FC is one of 19 third-division USL teams in the competition that is dominated by the MLS. All 17 American-based MLS teams will be entered this year.
Last year, Republic FC advanced to the fourth round after defeating the Sonoma County Sol and Chula Vista FC, two fourth-division teams, at Bonney Field. Sacramento lost a thrilling 6-5 penalty-kick extra-time shootout to the Earthquakes at Avaya Stadium.
Who's captain? – With last year's captains – Braun and Lopez – gone, Buckle said they will choose a new captain and vice captain, hopefully by the time Sacramento plays the Rapids.
They already have met with potential candidates Dominik Jakubek, Danny Barrera, Derek Foran and Mirkovic.
“These are the type of boys who I'm looking at,” Buckle said. “Right now it's up for grabs, and I told them I'm looking for leadership in our training sessions.”
A recent video roundtable discussion posted on the Kickstarter blog for The Mighty No. 9 takes creative lead Keiji Inafune, composer Manami Matsumae and designer Naoya "Tom Pon" Tomita back to 1987, the year in which their most famous collaboration, Capcom's Mega Man, was released.
The questions in the 25-minute video range from "What made you decide to enter the games industry?" to "If you could say anything to your 1987 self, what would it be?" Each is chosen at random with a die roll. Press play above to see and hear the creative team's answers.
Developer Comcept USA funded the Megan Man spiritual successor on Kickstarter, where it earned more than $3.8 million — well beyond its $900,000 goal. Combined with its PayPal earnings, it earned more than $4 million as of October 2013.
The Mighty No. 9 is headed to PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360, Xbox One, Linux, Mac, Windows PC, PlayStation Vita and Nintendo 3DS. For more, you can watch some early game footage and check out Kenji Inafune designing the game's robot enemies.
Navy Secretary Ray Mabus forced the resignation Tuesday of their top civilian advisor over allegations of sexual misconduct with a subordinate, Pentagon sources said.
Mabus asked for the resignation of Robert Martinage, who has been serving as undersecretary of the Navy since last June, “following a loss of confidence in Martinage's abilities to effectively perform their duties,” Mabus' office said in a statement.
Martinage was leaving while the nomination of a permanent successor to the position was still in doubt. The nomination of Jo Ann Rooney to become undersecretary was facing opposition from Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand, D-N.Y., and others on the issue of sexual assaults in the military.
As acting undersecretary, Martinage reported directly to Mabus and the Navy's four assistant secretaries reported to him.
Mabus' action, first reported by Defense News, came after allegations surfaced that Martinage had engaged in inapproriate conduct with a woman who worked for him, the Pentagon sources said. Navy officials either declined comment or did not respond to questions on the woman's employment status and the nature of the inappropriate conduct.
The departure of Martinage, a product of academia and the think tanks, added to the disarray and bureaucratic portfolio switching in the civilian top policy and management positions in the Navy.
The statement from Mabus' office said that Thomas W. Hicks, currently deputy undersecretary of the Navy and deputy chief management officer, will take over the acting post of undersecretary “until a new undersecretary is confirmed or until further notice, whichever comes first.”
Martinage, the Deputy Under Secretary of the Navy (DUSN)/ Policy, Plans, Oversight, and Integration (PPO&I), had also been serving as acting Under Secretary since last June when Robert Work resigned to take a post with the Center For a New American Security think tank.
The Mabus' statement also said that Jodi Greene, senior director for policy in the office of DUSN (PPO&I), has been appointed acting DUSN (PPO&I).
Martinage had been holding the acting undersecretary's post while waiting for the confirmation of Jo Ann Rooney by the Senate to be the new undersecreatry.
What had been expected to be the routine confirmation of Rooney's nomination last October to the underecretary's post ran into a firestorm of criticism from Gillibrand and others when Rooney defended the role of commanders in the disposition of sexual assault cases.
Rooney, who has been serving since June 2011 as the Navy's principal deputy defense undersecretary for Personnel and Readiness, made clear their opposition to Gillibrand's proposed legislation that would take commanders out of the chain of command in sexual assault cases.
Last week, the Senate Armed Services Committee approved Rooney's nomination, but it was unclear when the full Senate would vote on their confirmation. Gillibrand was maintaining their opposition, meaning that Rooney would need 60 votes on the Senate floor for confirmation.
Scotland's First Minister, Nicola Sturgeon (R), greets Britain's new Prime Minister, Theresa May, as they arrive at Bute House in Edinburgh, Scotland, Britain July 15, 2016. REUTERS/Russell Cheyne
EDINBURGH (Reuters) - British Prime Minister Theresa May said on Friday that the government would not trigger Article 50, the formal trigger of divorce talks with the European Union, until a “UK approach” had been agreed.
May, speaking after a meeting with Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon who has been looking at ways to keep Scotland in the bloc, said they wanted to get the best deal for the whole country.
“I'm willing to listen to options and I've been very clear with the first minister today that I want the Scottish government to be fully engaged in our discussions,” May told broadcasters.
“I have already said that I won't be triggering Article 50 until I think that we have a UK approach and objectives for negotiations - I think it is important that we establish that before we trigger Article 50.”
Final votes are scheduled on a number of high-profile bills Wednesday in the state Legislature, and two issues in particular are bound to capture much of the attention.
The Senate will take up a contentious property insurance bill that would allow state-run Citizens Insurance to raise its rates by up to 99 percent. The basis for the proposal is that Citizens may not have enough money on hand to cover all its losses in the event of a major hurricane.
And in the House, lawmakers will be talking natural gas. A measure on the floor is aimed at igniting a natural gas boom in Florida. It would allow more natural gas exploration permits.
Critics, though, are focusing on fracking, the process that may be used to get to the nature gas, arguing it contains chemicals that could be environmentally dangerous.
One bill that probably won't make it through Tallahasee is a proposal to reform the state's assisted-living centers, according to the Times. A bill calling for more oversight passed in the state Senate, but with just over a week left in the session, there's not much hope the House will be able to pass a bill.
It's Sunday! That means we get to have dessert! Since the hubbster chose last week, I got to choose what we'd eat this week, and of course I'm predictable. Three things you might not know about me:
I love cookies; soft in the middle, crispy on the edges, always sweet. Preferably warm. I am a compulsive sweet-eater, so I only cook dessert once a week. Molasses, maple syrup, or any other smooth, sticky, sugary substance is my favorite for anything. Ever.
Needless to say, molasses cookies it is.
Molasses Cookies
Ingredients:
¾ cup margarine, melted
1 cup white sugar
1 egg
¼ cup molasses
2 cups flour
2 tsp baking soda
½ tsp salt
1 tsp cinnamon
½ tsp ground cloves
½ tsp ground ginger
½ cup white sugar
Directions:
In a bowl, mix margarine, 1 cup sugar, and egg until smooth. Stir in molasses. Combine the flour, baking soda, salt, cinnamon, cloves, and ginger; blend into the molasses mixture. Cover and chill dough for one hour. Preheat oven to 375 degrees (f). Roll dough into walnut sized balls, and roll them in the remaining white sugar. Place cookies 2 inches apart onto ungreased baking sheets. Bake for 8-10 minutes, until tops are cracked. Cool on wire racks. Or, like me, eat immediately while whispering expletives. Perfect.
Please, share your fave cookie recipe with us! Put it in the comments.
Download the .pdf file of this recipe HERE.
Photo
LONDON — Rebekah Brooks, the former chief executive of News International, Rupert Murdoch's British newspaper group, received about $11 million when they resigned last year in the midst of the scandal over phone hacking and other malpractice at two of the company's tabloid newspapers, people familiar with the terms of their severance agreement say.
A former employee of The News of the World, the paper at the heart of the scandal, said that the figure of about $11.3 million that was reported in The Financial Times on Tuesday was consistent with the figure being discussed within News International at the time that Ms. Brooks quit.
The former employee, who spoke on the condition of anonymity because of a confidentiality clause in their own severance agreement with the company, said that rank-and-file journalists at The News of the World, which Mr. Murdoch shut down shortly before Ms. Brooks resigned, were “as angry as the general public” was likely to be at the size of Ms. Brooks's severance benefits, which included reimbursement of their legal fees and the use of a car and chauffeur as well as salary and pension payouts. Much smaller sums were paid to the more than 150 other employees who lost their jobs in the paper's closing.
Reports in the British news media on Tuesday said that there were “clawback” provisions in Ms. Brooks's severance package entitling News International to recover some of the money in certain circumstances — most notably, according to The Guardian, “if Brooks was to be found guilty of a criminal offense relating to their employment.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Ms. Brooks, 44, is among a group of former Murdoch employees who face trial next year on charges related to the scandals at the company. Altogether, more than 50 former newspaper executives, lawyers, editors, reporters and investigators have been arrested and questioned in an extensive police inquiry.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
At a court appearance in May, Ms. Brooks was charged, along with their husband, a well-known racehorse trainer, and four others, with perverting the course of justice by concealing documents, computers and other evidence from detectives.
Image copyright Oli Scarff
Policing in England and Wales has been damaged - but not broken - by scandals, an annual assessment has concluded.
In the first annual report, HM Chief Inspector of Constabulary Tom Winsor said loss of trust was corrosive to the British model of policing by consent.
They said it was the responsibility of chief constables to repair the damage.
They name five events linked to claims of police malpractice, wrongdoing or corruption, including the Stephen Lawrence case and "plebgate" affair.
'Severely shaken'
The five examples they give are:
The handling of the Stephen Lawrence murder investigation into the killing of a black teenager by a gang of white youths in London in 1993
The Hillsborough disaster and claims that police covered up mistakes during the 1989 FA cup semi-final in which 96 Liverpool fans died
Clashes between police and protesters at Orgreave Colliery during the 1984-85 miners' strike and claims of miscarriages of justice
The so-called plebgate affair which led to the resignation of chief whip Andrew Mitchell after a row with police officers at the gates of Downing Street in 2012
The conduct of some undercover police officers who had relationships with women they were targeting, including some who had children
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Tom Winsor: "The police service... [will be] ruthless and uncompromising in finding corrupt police officers and throwing them out"
In their annual report to Parliament, Mr Winsor said: "It is very much to be regretted that the confidence of the public in their ability to trust the police has been so severely shaken by controversies which have recently achieved public prominence, and ones which have been the subject of public concern and criticism for many years.
"They include those concerning Hillsborough, Orgreave Colliery, the investigation of the murder of Stephen Lawrence and how police conducted themselves afterwards, the enforced resignation of a cabinet minister as a result of the actions of at least one dishonest police officer, the sexual deception of citizens who trusted undercover police officers, and others."
The report was published on the morning that fresh inquests into the Hillsborough disaster were opening in Warrington. Those hearings will look at allegations of police misconduct arising from the aftermath of the tragedy.
It is an exhortation that comes straight from Sir Robert Peel's Principles of Law Enforcement Going back to first principles
Former miners and their families are demanding an inquiry into their claims that they were victims of miscarriages of justice after clashes with police during the 1984-85 miner's strike. The home secretary has separately announced a public inquiry into undercover policing.
The report said that some of the allegations, particularly around the Lawrence case, were so serious that they already justified "severe criticism and public disquiet".
"Loss of trust in the police is corrosive to the heart of the British model of policing by consent by a predominantly unarmed service. Police officers require and depend upon the consent of the community," it said.
Mr Winsor said: "Controversies and revelations of a serious and negative nature in relation to the conduct of some police officers, both past and present, have hurt public confidence in the police, and the morale of the very great majority of honest, hardworking, committed and brave police officers has suffered as a consequence.
"The police service has been damaged, but it is certainly not broken. It is primarily the responsibility of the leadership of the police to repair the damage.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Police and protesters clashed at Orgreave Colliery during the 1984-85 miners' strike
"It is my view and that of the Inspectors of Constabulary that honest, professional police officers are disgusted and distressed at instances of police corruption - for that is what dishonesty is - and are rightly deeply offended and hurt when the media and others attempt to disparage all on the basis of the discreditable actions of few."
The report said that despite budget cuts forces were performing well and most had "credible plans" to balance their books. It added that forces had taken "substantial steps" to protect front line roles.
HMIC's annual assessment summarises the complex challenges that policing must grapple with Sir Hugh Orde, President of the Association of Chief Police Officers
But the HMIC also criticised police information and communications technology as primitive. In a separate recent report, the inspectorate said that poor computer systems contributed to the failure of forces to tackle domestic violence.
It also warns that police forces may soon face a massive rise in reports of cybercrime. "Reporting of cyber-enabled fraud will rise considerably if and when financial institutions are no longer willing to absorb losses due to fraud without involving the police," said the HMIC.
"If they stop, and the victims of fraud have no reliable means of receiving full financial redress, reporting of this type of crime will increase sharply, and public pressure to tackle offenders - who may be in other countries - will also rise. It is important that the police invests in a timely and efficient manner in the technology and expertise necessary to deal with cybercrime, whether involving fraud or other kinds of offending."
Sir Hugh Orde, president of the Association of Chief Police Officers, said: "HMIC's annual assessment summarises the complex challenges that policing must grapple with: how to find further efficiencies and savings within constrained budgets, how to protect the public against national and international threats across force boundaries and how to optimise consistency in systems and IT across 43 forces."
WINNIPEG—A national inquiry into missing and murdered Indigenous women is moving forward despite calls from some groups for resignations and a restart. Chief commissioner Marion Buller said they and their colleagues intend to go ahead with community hearings that are to begin Sept. 25 in Smithers, B.C., but will do so in a way that addresses concerns raised by relatives of the missing and murdered.
Sandra Delaronde, co-chair of a group that represents relatives in Manitoba, says their group still wants the commissioners to resign so that the inquiry can start fresh. ( JOHN WOODS / THE CANADIAN PRESS )
“We intend to move forward with our schedule, but we're going to do it in a better way based on what we've heard this week,” Buller said Thursday after a meeting in Winnipeg at which the inquiry's four commissioners heard from some family members and experts on Indigenous laws. “We will be in meetings next week with our directors to take what we've learned and see how we ... go forward with better practices,” added fellow commissioner Qajaq Robinson. Read more: Manitoba families push for Indigenous-led MMIW inquiry, want commissioners to resign
Article Continued Below
Indigenous affairs minister says to not lose hope in murdered and missing women inquiry after Poitras quits The commission has faced questions in recent months from concerned relatives who say they have lost faith in the inquiry because it is not giving families enough of a voice. Some family members say the way the hearings started in Whitehorse in the spring made it hard for some to attend the hearings or feel comfortable sharing their experiences. The inquiry has also been hit with the resignations of staff members and commissioner Marilyn Poitras. Sandra Delaronde, co-chair of a group that represents relatives in Manitoba, said their group still wants the remaining commissioners to resign so that the inquiry can start fresh. “They are all very fine individuals .... but not everyone's experiences are able to blend the needs of the community with the needs of the legal system, and so perhaps they are not the right people at the helm,” Delaronde said.
The inquiry is examining the systemic issues behind the high number of Indigenous women who have been killed or disappeared over the last four decades. It is expected to take two years and cost almost $54 million. The first formal public hearing was held in Whitehorse in May, but subsequent hearings were pushed back until the fall.
Article Continued Below
Buller said there will be financial help to ensure relatives can attend the meetings, and other supports to ensure those who want to testify feel safe doing so. “The community hearings are about families and survivors, and nothing but families and survivors.”
BALTIMORE SUN – The third of four Maryland watermen involved in a vast striped bass poaching scheme was sentenced in federal court Wednesday, with the judge saying they wanted to send a message about the seriousness of the crime.
Kent Conley Sadler, 31, of Tilghman Island, was ordered to spend 30 days in jail and pay $25,000 in fines and restitution for their role in the Chesapeake Bay scheme.
Sadler worked with two other Tilghman Island watermen, William J. Lednum, 41, and Michael D. Hayden Jr., 43, who took more than 92 tons of illegally caught striped bass worth nearly $500,000 from the bay from 2007 to 2011, according to prosecutors. Sadler pleaded guilty to their role, which involved helping Lednum and Hayden take more than a quarter of that illegal catch.
U.S. District Court Judge Richard D. Bennett should be applauded for continuing to send the message that poaching is a serious crime. Federal prosecutors recommended no jail time for Sadler, but Bennett said that to deter similar crimes, it was important to send a message that poachers can expect more than just a financial penalty.
In September 2014, Bennett sentenced Lawrence Daniel Murphy, who also played a relatively minor role in the poaching scheme, to probation and ordered them to pay $40,000 in fines and restitution.
In December 2014, they sentenced Lednum, one of the major players in the poaching conspiracy, to a year and one day in prison and ordered them along with their co-defendant Hayden to pay $498,293 in restitution to the state. Hayden will be sentenced in February.
Update: We published new graphs of game completions after Update 21.
We have been hearing different things from different people about the difficulty of our game, so I thought I would look at some empirical evidence of how difficult the game is.
We are currently using GameAnalytics to track anonymous statistics for the game. Using this data, we can see, for example, how many people start and finish a game using particular profession.
Here is the graph of the wizard profession for the last 2 weeks:
The blue bar represents the number of players that started a game with a wizard per day. The green line represents the number of players that won a game using a wizard that day.
Here's the same graph for warriors:
Warriors appear to be slightly easier to win with.
These statistics are based on the most recent update, build 0.9.19.1, which has been live for just under two weeks.
In our vision, the game should be difficult, but not this difficult. We envision that there should be about a 50/50 win/loss ratio; enough to keep the player going, but enough difficulty to make the player careful.
So, we'll look at tweaking the difficulty and trying to get this closer to 50/50. We have to be careful with this though, so it might take some time to get right. Some minor tweaks have already been made in Update 20, and we'll look at doing a few more things to make it easier.
American Airlines broke my Gibson Les Paul Custom guitar AGAIN on the way back from England, despite it being in a flight case. For those of you who don't know, that's ONCE on the way to England where I get it professionally repaired, and then AGAIN on the way back. I spoke to a customer representative, and they denied any responsibility, despite photographic evidence and proof. AMERICAN AIRLI
NES DOES NOT CARE ABOUT THEIR CUSTOMERS. I am not giving up, I want a new guitar and I need your help. Please reblog this status and e-mail deborah.odle-mancienne@aa.com to tell them to reconsider and for their company to take responsibility for their actions. The go to our facebook and share the status: http://www.facebook.com/empireempireiwasalonelyestate
Let's see how many shares and e-mails it takes for a greedy company to own up for their mistake.
Tim on patrol. Image: Youtube/ CERN
Hundreds of feet below the French-Swiss border lays the Large Hadron Collider. The 17 miles of strange tunnels accelerate particles at close to the speed of light before smashing them together to see what happens.
That's an oversimplification of a complicated process, one where a lot can go wrong. Someone has to monitor the miles of concrete, plastic, steel, and glass below the earth to avoid disaster and keep science moving. Someone does, someone called … TIM.
TIM is a robot, a Train Inspector Monorail. They glide along the miles of the LHC at up to 3.7 miles per hour—roughly human walking speed, and inspects the tunnels to alert workers and scientists of any problems.
The sleek metal droid has a radiation probe to look for leaks and bursts. It can also check oxygen levels, room temperature, monitor the tunnel structure, and communication bandwidth. An onboard camera can give CERN's scientists either a straight visual or an infrared scan of the LHC.
There are two TIMs, one in operation and another awaiting instruction in a nearby bypass tunnel should the first fail or falter. The little robots run along a monorail path constructed in the late '80s to ferry workers and supplies for the Large Electron-Positron Collider, the LHC's predecessor.
The LEP ran from 1989 to 2001, when CERN shut it down to repurpose the tunnel for the new and improved LHC. But they left the monorail system intact so TIM could use it to patrol the halls night and day and do the job no human could, or would want, to do.
Get six of our favorite Motherboard stories every day by signing up for our newsletter.
“A Blue Blaze on the Appalachian Trail are spur, side trail markers that identify to backpackers sources of water, places of interest or scenic outlooks, and places of rest.” — Blue Blaze Brewing Co. Kickstarter
I had no idea what those two words meant together except an interesting name of a new Brewery opening in the historic West End of Charlotte, NC. Blue Blaze Brewing Co. is a startup whose goal is to produce quality beers while being environmentally friendly and increasing sustainability. With a name like Blue Blaze it makes sense to follow in that definition with fresh, full-flavored brews and as much local & organic malts and hops as possible.
Blue Blaze, the collaboration of friends and partners Craig Nunn and Sven Giersmann. Craig Nunn President of the company has nearly 20 years of corporate experience with leadership and project management skills. Sven the VP of Operations and also Co-Founder with Craig is a native of Germany which reflects in their tastes of clean, fresh beer that they were used to in their home country. Sven worked as a nationally awarded audio engineer and with a focus to provide the best experience and quality product available.
Now the man behind the brewing, Steve Turner Master Brewer. With a career of almost two decades and numerous awards such as; 5 time GABF and World Beer Cup medal winner and with the knowledge to back it all up as they were recently a Colorado State University Fermentation Science & Technology Instructor.
The Beers
Of course you can't start a brewery without knowing what styles you'll have out of the gate and what you plan to produce. From the Kickstarter Page,
“We plan to focus on American, English, and German classic styles and reinterpret them in an American artisanal way. We will be offering five flagships, a unique rotating selection of beer (both those brewed by Blue Blaze and unique selections from other local craft breweries). Because the atmosphere where you drink the beer should be as enticing as the beer itself, our beer will be complimented by a variety of entertainment.
Blue Blaze™ Altbier – For craft beer connoisseurs and first timers alike. A sessionable German amber with notes of chocolate, nuts, raisins, and a touch of spiciness from the noble hops. Perfect for enjoying a growler at the cabin! Approx. 5.1% ABV, 32 IBU (Blue blazes guide A.T. backpackers on a spur trail to a water source, something scenic, a place of interest, or a resting place.)
– For craft beer connoisseurs and first timers alike. A sessionable German amber with notes of chocolate, nuts, raisins, and a touch of spiciness from the noble hops. Perfect for enjoying a growler at the cabin! Approx. 5.1% ABV, 32 IBU (Blue blazes guide A.T. backpackers on a spur trail to a water source, something scenic, a place of interest, or a resting place.) Amber Blaze™ Amber – Hit the main trail of craft brewing with our biscuit‐forward Amber, with a clean caramel color, while we push the style limits with style-generous hop flavors and aromas. Approx. 5.6% ABV, 30 IBU (In thru-hiker slang, amber blazing is a “beer run” into town.)
– Hit the main trail of craft brewing with our biscuit‐forward Amber, with a clean caramel color, while we push the style limits with style-generous hop flavors and aromas. Approx. 5.6% ABV, 30 IBU (In thru-hiker slang, amber blazing is a “beer run” into town.) Double Blaze™ Black IPA – At a junction of two classic craft styles (Porter and IPA), we've found a beautiful balance of citrus hop flavors and aromas, packed tightly into a medium‐body dark ale with a roasty finish. Approx. 6.1% ABV, 80 IBU (An A.T. double blaze is a trail marking that alerts backpackers to a junction of two trails or sharp turn in a trail.)
– At a junction of two classic craft styles (Porter and IPA), we've found a beautiful balance of citrus hop flavors and aromas, packed tightly into a medium‐body dark ale with a roasty finish. Approx. 6.1% ABV, 80 IBU (An A.T. double blaze is a trail marking that alerts backpackers to a junction of two trails or sharp turn in a trail.) Black Blaze™ Milk Stout – Like ghost blazing on the trail, our milk stout is an old, classic English main‐stay, this medium body dark beer has a creamy, slightly sweetened roastiness, with hints of espresso & chocolate. Approx. 5.1% ABV, 25 IBU (The A.T. changes slightly from year-to-year due to natural changes in topography, i.e. rock slides, etc.. When trail clubs build new sections of trail, the white blazes on the now old portions of the trail are painted over with black paint. Purists like to continue to hike these old sections still and are called Ghost Blazers.)
– Like ghost blazing on the trail, our milk stout is an old, classic English main‐stay, this medium body dark beer has a creamy, slightly sweetened roastiness, with hints of espresso & chocolate. Approx. 5.1% ABV, 25 IBU (The A.T. changes slightly from year-to-year due to natural changes in topography, i.e. rock slides, etc.. When trail clubs build new sections of trail, the white blazes on the now old portions of the trail are painted over with black paint. Purists like to continue to hike these old sections still and are called Ghost Blazers.) Yellow Blazer™ Dortmunder – A golden ale, crisp and satisfying, a real thirst quencher for any time of year. The mild, sweet malt is perfectly balanced with a subdued spicy flavor note from noble German Hallertauer hops and finishes slightly dry. Approx. 5.1% ABV, 30 IBU (Yellow blazing is A.T. thru-hiking slang for skipping large sections of trail by hitchhiking … hint: cheating 🙂 … where the yellow blazes are the yellow paint stripes on the road.)”
KICK-STARTING Success
While they have a solid plan and great values, of course at some point everything costs money and breweries cost quite a bit of it. Blue Blaze is currently running a Kickstarter with and end goal of $25,000 with 44 days to go as of this article. Of course as with any kickstarter they have numerous goals and stretch goals which range from stickers, glasses, shirts to private tours and tastings. The money they (hopefully) raise from this campaign will go towards the taproom build out. A checklist they've laid out;
Increase our tasting room's planned draft tap handles from 10 faucets to 20 plus 2 nitro faucets, or more;
Add modern lighting, sound, and entertainment systems to our space (hint: live music);
Add additional taproom seating via a cozy mezzanine loft with couches to lounge while you enjoy our fresh craft beer and a large windowed view overlooking the adjacent park's green-space;
Improve the outdoor spaces immediately adjacent to our portion of the building so that you can enjoy things like outdoor live music, fire pits, horseshoes, corn-hole, local farmer's market, etc.; and
Add one or two more BULLITT cargo bicycles to our delivery fleet. Yep! You'll see us around Uptown delivering beer on our cargo bikes.
Of course these are the baseline goals so of course more upgrades and ideas are happening if they surpass the mark, make sure to check out the full kickstarter page HERE for all the details and to show your support.
With this trio behind the business they are hoping for forge together a unique and fresh experience to bring the first craft brewery in the West End neighborhood in spring of 2016. Stay tuned here for more updates as they come along and also check them out on facebook, Twitter and the official site as it comes up.
The VP in charge of Nokia's MeeGo Devices has resigned. Ari Jaaksi confirmed to Finland's Talous Sanomat that they resigned last week. According to a Nokia spokesperson their departure does not affect MeeGo's rollout schedule which had called for a first device to be delivered before the end of 2010 . We've confirmed this with Nokia as well, who tells us that an "update on MeeGo" (note the wiggle room in that phrase) will be announced before the end of the year.In case you're keeping track, Jaaksi's departure follows the high-profile exits of Nokia's former CEO Olli-Pekka Kallasvuo (replaced by Stephen Elop ) and the head of Nokia Mobile Solutions, Anssi Vanjoki . Notably, Nokia's MeeGo team picked up Palm's Peter Skillman as the head of MeeGo User Experience and Services during the same period.It's also worth noting that just yesterday Mobile-Review's Eldar Murtazin said that Nokia's N9 hardware is "near perfect" but the MeeGo software build is "not so good at the moment." Given all this, we can't see how Nokia could possibly ship its first MeeGo handset -- a device Nokia hopes to position against the iPhone 4 and best Android handsets in the US -- in 2010, do you?[Thanks, JJ Ehto]
Spread the love
The cast of ‘Straight Outta Compton' didn't receive an invitation to the Academy Awards this year, but neither Ice Cube — and they produced the film!
via TMZ:
Our ‘Compton' sources say none of the cast received an invitation — mirroring the nomination process. We're told the only people invited are the 2 writers nominated for best original screenplay.
Not that Cube's losing a lot of sleep over it — we're told they would've RSVP'd a ‘No' … even if he'd been invited.
It's unclear if this is really a diss. There's no public list of Academy members, so it's hard to say what the Academy's criteria are for extending an invite. We've reached out, but no word back yet.
We're told Ice Cube WILL attend the SAG Awards and NAACP Image Awards … which both nominated ‘Compton' in multiple categories.
Watch Ice speak on it below.
It would be hard to call 2016 a vintage year – but even with that in mind, many people are guilty of wildly exaggerating the threats, fears and social trends that have shaped our times.
That is the message of a new Ipsos Mori international survey across 40 countries, which shows to what extent people around the world are getting it wrong on a range of key issues.
Europeans massively overestimate Muslim population, poll shows Read more
Britons think one in four people are homophobic, when the actual numbers are far lower. They overestimate the number of Muslims too. The Dutch think a third of their compatriots are opposed to abortion, when the real number is just 8%, while South Koreans think everyone is miserable, when the vast majority regard themselves as happy. Indians, Chinese and Americans are particularly prone to overestimate the downside of an issue.
The general sense from across the survey is of a world (and particularly a western world) more full of fear, gloom and intolerance than is justified by the realities. It's very 2016.
The survey also reinforces why “post-truth” is the word of the year – and not just in Britain: postfaktisch is the (more Orwellian sounding) German word of the year.
Post-truth is defined by Oxford Dictionaries as circumstances in which objective facts are less influential in shaping public opinion than appeals to emotion and personal belief. This explains many of the patterns we see in our study.
We suffer from what social psychologists call “emotional innumeracy” when estimating realities: this means we are sending a message about what's worrying us as much as trying to get the right answers. Cause and effect run both ways, with our concern leading to our misperceptions as much as our misperceptions creating our concern.
Critically, this implies that myth-busting – correcting misperceptions with facts, will always have limited impact – because it gives a misdiagnosis for part of the reason for our error. As Daniel Kahneman (the godfather of behavioural science, which lies behind our growing understanding of these patterns) said before the Brexit vote: “The major impression one gets … is that the reasons for exit are clearly emotional. The arguments look odd: they look short-term and based on irritation and anger.”
And it's worse than just emotions outweighing facts. We are evolutionarily programmed to focus on and remember the negative more than the positive – because in our distant past the negative was more likely to be survival information that required urgent attention. Positive, fact-based information therefore has a particularly difficult time sticking.
So the underlying phenomena are not new, they are literally prehistoric. But post-truth is the word of this particular year because the massively changed communications context provides exactly the conditions for emotion and misperception to feed on themselves.
The fragmentation of mass media, the growth of social media and the self-filtering of messages that this allows, the micro-targeting by campaigners and clickbait-fuelled fake news – all of this allows an environment where these misperceptions take hold.
And it's not just being wrong about factual realities such as how many people are Muslim that matters. Being wrong about what others think is hugely important too. Social psychologists have shown the importance of our understanding of social norms to our own views and behaviours – and it's a particularly important time to understand these, with the growing normalisation, or even “hypernormalisation”, of views that seemed extreme in the recent past.
On the surface our findings suggest we're buying into this normalisation, with a too negative picture of what other people think, particularly in western democracies. Consistently there seems to be greater tolerance and more contentedness than we think.
Or is there? There is one more pattern from social psychology that provides a much less optimistic interpretation – social desirability bias. This is where people don't say what they really think about sensitive issues when we ask them in surveys, but say what they think they should say. Indirect questioning, where they're asked what others think, is often found to provide a more accurate view of real opinions.
So the more worrying interpretation is our view of what other people think is the reality. 2016 makes a lot more sense if we really are as miserable and threatened as our guesses suggest.
Bobby Duffy is the managing director of Ipsos Mori's Social Research Institute
The robotics portion is just one part of the Hastings College Scholars Academy.
Not only are the students working with robots, they are building them as well and writing code to operate them.
The students are learning type coding they will eventually learn in high school and college.
"It really does like give you more to think about and have you think harder," Genieve Miller, a student, said. "We did a math program earlier that helped program the robots and we all we're like struggling a little bit and we had to think hard."
Officials said the program engages the students on a level they may not get in school.
"I think they often are not given an equal amount of attention to other students, just because they don't need the extra help," Aaron Pierce, the assistant director of the Hastings College Scholars Academy, said. "It makes it much easier for teachers which is perfect, but it means that their individuality isn't as embraced or it's not something they get to work as much with, so we want to do something that is at their speed."
The students love the program.
"We do like typing code where you have to do like certain things, if you forget a semicolon it doesn't work and you have to add it," Miller said. "I've also learned like designing a 3D image on a program Fusion 360." "It was really cool," they added.
Officials said the program is a fun, hands-on experience that builds the next generation.
If you're interested in enrolling for the program next year, instructors said you should be able to find out more information on the Hastings College website in December.
The most powerful and prestigious soccer leagues in the world have stopped at 20. From a huge country like Brazil to a relatively small one like England, 20 clubs seem to be the limit for even the strongest circuits. Whether it's to keep the number of games manageable, maintain the depth of the talent pool or simply a trend, 20 has become the standard.
MLS president Mark Abbott, for the time being, seems to be content with 20, too, raising the bar significantly for those markets or investors keen to join the league. While other major American pro sports leagues have expanded to 30 teams and beyond, Abbott told Sporting News that 20 is suitable for MLS.
The Montreal Impact will ascend from the second-division NASL to become club No. 19 next year, while MLS has targeted New York City as the site for No. 20.
“Our focus right now is the 20th team in New York and we have not yet set a timeline for expansion beyond that, or even (determined) if we're going to expand beyond that,” Abbott said. “There's no place we need to be. Even at the size we are, we have a tremendous national footprint and are at the size that soccer leagues typically are. We feel good about the size we're at. Other markets could be very successful as MLS markets, but (expanding beyond 20) wouldn't be out of need. We don't need to grow beyond where we are.”
The league's growth has been explosive. Following the 2001 season (its sixth) MLS contracted the clubs in Tampa and South Florida, cutting membership to 10 teams. It climbed to 12 in 2005, with six more coming aboard over the next six years, including the Portland Timbers in 2011.
Meanwhile, the league continues to tinker with its player acquisition rules and give teams increasing leeway to determine how much money they want to spend and to determine their player development and acquisition priorities. The average MLS player salary has risen 81.5 percent since 2006.
It's a lot to handle, and the changes may be enough for MLS executives to conclude that it's time to let everything settle in for a few years. Commissioner Don Garber has said on several occasions that they are tired of the annual changes in schedule and competition format, and that establishing consistency and stability is crucial.
That puts cities, supporter groups and minor league clubs hoping to play in MLS on the furthest of back burners.
The competition for the New York City team will command the headlines over the next couple of years. While the New York Cosmos appear to be the frontrunner thanks to a branding blitz that landed the organization an exhibition against Manchester United last month, both MLS and the Cosmos confirmed that there are other interested bidders.
“It's not just the Cosmos. All you guys think it's the Cosmos that are going to be buying that team when they get a stadium. They're one of many ownership groups,” Garber said at July's All-Star Game at Red Bull Arena, just across the Hudson River from New York.
And getting that stadium is no easy task. Cosmos vice chairperson Terry Byrne told Sporting News in late June that their group has narrowed the number of potential sites to four, and that while the Cosmos have the financial resources to get it done, several hurdles remain.
“On a level of 1 to 10, we're at a 4—10 being in the MLS, a stadium, up and running with an all-singing, all-dancing team. I think we're just about to hit 4,” Byrne said, adding that they expect to make significant progress over the next couple of months.
Not even a team that played Manchester United is a shoo-in.
The expansion bar already had been set higher by MLS. Portland, Montreal and the Seattle Sounders had a long tradition of minor league success and support. Philadelphia Union fans showed up en masse to league events before the franchise was even awarded. To enter MLS in the near future, considering its satisfaction with 20, would take an exceptionally special case. There would need to be a wealthy ownership group in place (the expansion fee alone could approach $100 million), a stadium plan (preferably soccer-specific) and a proven level of support.
Minnesota Vikings owner Zygi Wilf has said he's interested in an MLS team if he's successful in securing a new stadium for their NFL team. A developer named Christopher Milam was given permission to conduct feasibility and design studies for a stadium complex in Henderson, Nev. , several miles south of Las Vegas. The plan includes a 25,000-seat soccer facility.
Orlando is going the minor league route. A little more than a week ago, Orlando City won the USL Pro (third division) championship before more than 11,000 fans at the Citrus Bowl. Drawing five figures to a game two tiers below MLS are something that City co-owner Phil Rawlins hopes will earn respect at MLS headquarters.
“Don Garber's going to have no shortage of applications crossing their desk from all sorts of different areas,” Rawlins said, mentioning Atlanta and Miami as other interested markets. MLS lacks a team in the southeast U.S. and has spoken to groups in all three cities.
“We've met with Garber and Abbott and they've laid out a road map for expansion. It's going to come down to the right ownership group, the right fan base, the right TV marketplace with the right exposure for them,” Rawlins said.
Orlando, like several other markets, has its work cut out.
The sting operation shows Congress MLA Vinay Verma allegedly offering alcohol to their guests at a posh hotel in Patna. (Representational Image)
A Congress lawmaker in Bihar is in trouble after a sting operation shows them on camera allegedly offering liquor to their guests, despite a total prohibition imposed in the state by the Nitish Kumar government.The man caught in the alleged alcohol sting is Vinay Verma - Congress MLA from Narkatiaganj in Bihar's West Champaran district.Sub Divisional Police Officer (SDPO) Aman Kumar said that the MLA had arrived at Sikarpur police station this morning to give a petition for registering of case against unknown journalists behind the sting operation.As the police was deliberating on their request, the MLA's supporters sensing trouble, created ruckus to help the legislator get away.The SDPO said the police and Excise Superintendent Rakesh Kumar are deliberating on further action against the MLA after their vanishing act from the police station.The sting showing the Congress MLA allegedly offering alcohol to their guests at a posh hotel in Patna has created a major embarrassment for the grand secular alliance headed by Nitish Kumar in which Congress is a small partner.However, the embattled Congress MLA claimed "conspiracy" behind the sting.He claimed that they are a vegetarian and a teetotaler and any talk of offering liquor to guests was not true.A few persons claiming to be journalists came to me at a hotel in Patna and after talking on various subjects came to liquor ban on which they said the step has been appreciated by people particularly women in rural areas in particular.He claimed the questioners falsely put words in their mouth in the sting as part of a conspiracy to tarnish their image as well as that of the JD(U), RJD and Congress grand secular alliance.State Congress President and Education minister in Nitish Kumar ministry, Ashok Choudhary said in Patna that they had come to know about the episode through media reports and the party would issue a show cause to the concerned MLA in this regard."We will seek an explanation from the MLA about the incident and accordingly intimate high command with it," Mr Choudhary said.The MLA's sting surfaced yesterday, a day when Chief Minister Nitish Kumar held a comprehensive meeting of officials of six districts of Patna division to take stock of execution of complete ban on liquor.Following this up, Mr Kumar today conducted a review meeting at Bhagalpur.The episode showing violation of complete ban on liquor by the grand secular alliance, provided opportunity to opposition BJP to attack the government.Leader of Opposition in State Legislative Assembly Prem Kumar said the incident poses a question mark on the effectiveness of prohibition announced by the Chief Minister.He demanded annulment of membership of the MLA from Assembly for violating oath taken by Legislators against liquor.Senior JD(U) leader Shyam Rajak said the Congress party would definitely go into details of the unsavoury incident and initiate action if allegation against the MLA was found true. Bihar has been witnessing complete prohibition since April 5. As per the announcement sale and consumption of country, spiced liquor as well as Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) are prohibited in the state with a stringent provision of arrest and penal action against the violators.
After a year-long hiatus, the U.S. Department of Defense (DoD)'s annual report on Chinese military developments is back and better than ever. Its 43-page 2012 predecessor was widely criticized for arriving far later than Congress requested and containing little substance or new data. But this year's expeditiously-issued 92-page document continues a tradition of detailed, sophisticated, publicly-available U.S. government analysis previously seen in the 2011 DoD report, the 2010 National Air and Space Intelligence Center (NASIC) report on China's air force, and the 2009 and 2007 Office of Naval Intelligence (ONI) reports on China's navy.
Like these other landmark reports, this year's DoD iteration clearly and understandably comes from a U.S. military perspective, yet strives to provide a comprehensive picture of Chinese military developments and the strategic concerns that motivate them. This represents an admirable effort to offer a balanced assessment, as can be seen in remarks at the time of its release by David F. Helvey, deputy assistant secretary of defense for East Asia. Useful data are presented on everything from Chinese sea- and -land based energy access to apparent ambiguities in Beijing's “no first use” nuclear doctrine to members of the Central Military Commission and their key professional relationships.
All this context matters deeply, and should be commended. But arguably the report's greatest contribution lies in more specific areas: providing authoritative assessments of key People's Liberation Army (PLA) developments that are difficult, if not impossible, to achieve or confirm via other publicly-available sources, such as Beijing's own recently-released 2013 Defense White Paper—which, like many Chinese public strategic documents, offers few specifics. Chinese government representatives are already out in force criticizing this year's DoD report and claiming that its content is distorted or inaccurate, but as usual do not offer credible evidence to clarify or counter even the report's most important assertions. Yet it is precisely in such areas—which include hard-to-attribute cyber activities and other types of espionage—that observers of China's military development need the greatest governmental assistance. After all, as a recent Wall Street Journal op-ed argues cogently: “In the long run Beijing usually does what it says it is going to do, although the execution may be concealed with deception.”
With respect to obfuscation, the report documents that China has conducted multiple naval operations in the undisputed U.S. Exclusive Economic Zones (EEZs) of a nature that it would oppose a foreign military such as that of the U.S. conducting in its own claimed EEZ—which it is projected to fill with increasing numbers of maritime law enforcement vessels. While the report states that China is conducting such activities in the EEZs of multiple states, a reference that almost certainly includes Japan, it is worth noting the report's exact wording with respect to the United States: “the United States has observed over the past year several instances of Chinese naval activities in the EEZ around Guam and Hawaii. One of those instances was during the execution of the annual Rim of the Pacific (RIMPAC) exercise in July/August 2012. While the United States considers the PLA Navy activities in its EEZ to be lawful, the activity undercuts China's decades-old position that similar foreign military activities in China's EEZ are unlawful.” It will be particularly interesting to see how Beijing responds to such revelations, which further underscore the emerging contradictions between China's promotion of restrictive approaches vis-à-vis foreign military and governmental activities in the Near Seas (Yellow, East, and South China Seas) even as it pursues increasing access to such other strategic seas as the Western Pacific and the Arctic. Given this complexity, perhaps Beijing's approach for now will be to denounce the report generally while avoiding this specific issue.
Kubernetes deployments have 3 distinct types of nodes: master nodes, ETCD nodes, and worker nodes. In high availability (HA) setups, all of these node types are replicated. Failures of individual nodes will not cause catastrophic consequences, but you need to get your cluster healthy as quickly as possible to prevent further failures.
Recovering from events like this can be extremely difficult. Not only are your nodes (and production software) down, but you must expend IT and engineering effort to fix them. What's worse, there aren't any comprehensive guides to get our cluster back up and running. Until now.
An ETCD Node has Failed
How to tell?
The kubectl command has a resource, Component Statuses, that will show the health of ETCD:
$ kubectl get cs NAME STATUS MESSAGE scheduler Healthy ok controller-manager Healthy ok etcd-2 Healthy {"health": "true"} etcd-0 Healthy {"health": "true"} etcd-1 Unhealthy Client.Timeout exceeded while awaiting headers 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 $ kubectl get cs NAME STATUS MESSAGE scheduler Healthy ok controller - manager Healthy ok etcd - 2 Healthy { "health" : "true" } etcd - 0 Healthy { "health" : "true" } etcd - 1 Unhealthy Client . Timeout exceeded while awaiting headers
HA Recovery Steps
If Kubernetes was properly configured in HA mode, then the cluster should be able to handle losing a single ETCD node. Create a new node to replace the failed ETCD node. Record the IP Address of the new node, but do not start ETCD yet.
On one of the working ETCD Nodes, remove the failed ETCD node from the cluster and add the IP Address of the new node:
$ etcdctl --endpoints=http://127.0.0.1:2379 member list 10b576500ed3ae71: name=kube-etcd-1 peerURLs=https://10.0.0.1:2380 clientURLs=https://10.0.0.1:2379 isLeader=false 30bcb5f2f4c17805: name=kube-etcd-2 peerURLs=https://10.0.0.2:2380 clientURLs=https://10.0.0.2:2379 isLeader=false a908b0f9f07a7127: name=kube-etcd-3 peerURLs=https://10.0.0.3:2380 clientURLs=https://10.0.0.3:2379 isLeader=true $ etcdctl --endpoints=http://127.0.0.1:2379 member remove 30bcb5f2f4c17805 Removed member 30bcb5f2f4c17805 from cluster $ etcdctl member add kube-etcd-4 --peer-urls=http://[new node IP]:2380 Member 2be1eb8f84b7f63e added to cluster ef37ad9dc622a7c4 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 $ etcdctl -- endpoints = http : //127.0.0.1:2379 member list 10b576500ed3ae71 : name = kube - etcd - 1 peerURLs = https : //10.0.0.1:2380 clientURLs=https://10.0.0.1:2379 isLeader=false 30bcb5f2f4c17805 : name = kube - etcd - 2 peerURLs = https : //10.0.0.2:2380 clientURLs=https://10.0.0.2:2379 isLeader=false a908b0f9f07a7127 : name = kube - etcd - 3 peerURLs = https : //10.0.0.3:2380 clientURLs=https://10.0.0.3:2379 isLeader=true $ etcdctl -- endpoints = http : //127.0.0.1:2379 member remove 30bcb5f2f4c17805 Removed member 30bcb5f2f4c17805 from cluster $ etcdctl member add kube - etcd - 4 -- peer - urls = http : //[new node IP]:2380 Member 2be1eb8f84b7f63e added to cluster ef37ad9dc622a7c4
Configure the new ETCD node to connect to the existing cluster:
export ETCD_NAME="kube-etcd-4" export ETCD_INITIAL_CLUSTER="kube-etcd-1=https://10.0.0.1:2380,kube-etcd-3=https://10.0.0.3:2380,kube-etcd-4=https://[new node IP]:2380" export ETCD_INITIAL_CLUSTER_STATE=existing etcd [flags] 1 2 3 4 export ETCD_NAME = "kube-etcd-4" export ETCD_INITIAL_CLUSTER = "kube-etcd-1=https://10.0.0.1:2380,kube-etcd-3=https://10.0.0.3:2380,kube-etcd-4=https://[new node IP]:2380" export ETCD_INITIAL_CLUSTER_STATE = existing etcd [ flags ]
Finally, login to each Kubernetes master and update the kube-apiserver component's --etcd-servers= option to point to the new ETCD node.
Non-HA Recovery Steps
If Kubernetes was not running in HA mode and the only ETCD node has failed, the cluster will be down.
If you still have access to the disk or a snapshot, attempt to recover the ETCD data directory. Typically this is the /var/lib/etcd directory. Build a new ETCD node with the recovered data and the same flags as the failed ETCD node except this time, set ETCD_INITIAL_CLUSTER_STATE=existing .
Login to the Kubernetes master and update the kube-apiserver component's --etcd-servers= option to point to the new etcd node.
A Kubernetes master Node has Failed
How to tell?
The kubectl get nodes command will report master nodes that are unreachable as NotReady :
$ kubectl get nodes NAME STATUS AGE VERSION kube-master-1 Ready 21h v1.7.2 kube-master-2 NotReady 20h v1.7.2 kube-master-3 Ready 20h v1.7.2 kube-worker-1 Ready 17h v1.7.2 kube-worker-2 Ready 17h v1.7.2 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 $ kubectl get nodes NAME STATUS AGE VERSION kube - master - 1 Ready 21h v1 . 7.2 kube - master - 2 NotReady 20h v1 . 7.2 kube - master - 3 Ready 20h v1 . 7.2 kube - worker - 1 Ready 17h v1 . 7.2 kube - worker - 2 Ready 17h v1 . 7.2
HA Recovery Steps
Create a new Kubernetes node and join it to the working cluster. Add the appropriate master labels and taints , either in the kubelet configuration, or by using kubectl :
kubectl label nodes kube-master-4 node-role.kubernetes.io/master= kubectl taint nodes kube-master-4 node-role.kubernetes.io/master=:NoSchedule 1 2 kubectl label nodes kube - master - 4 nodes - role . kubernetes . io / master = kubectl taint nodes kube - master - 4 nodes - role . kubernetes . io / master = : NoSchedule
Login to one of the functioning Kubernetes masters and copy the configuration to the new Kubernetes master. Usually this can be accomplished by copying the /etc/kubernetes directory from a working master to the new master.
Certificates, kube-apiserver , kube-controller-manager , and kube-scheduler configurations should be copied to the new master. If they are defined as systems services, ensure that all services have started properly. If they are run using kubelet manifests in the /etc/kubernetes/manifests directory, restart the kubelet service and use docker ps -a and docker logs commands to ensure that the services have started properly.
Once the new master is working, remove the failed master:
$ kubectl delete nodes kube-master-2 node "kube-master-2" deleted 1 2 $ kubectl delete nodes kube - master - 2 node "kube-master-2" deleted
Update your Kubernetes API load balancer by removing the IP Address of the failed master node and adding the IP Address of the new master node.
Non-HA Recovery Steps
If Kubernetes was not running in HA mode and the only Kubernetes master node has failed, the cluster will be down.
If you still have access to the disk or a snapshot, attempt to recover the Kubernetes configuration directory containing the original Kubernetes master certificates. Often times this is the /etc/kubernetes directory.
Assuming that ETCD is still intact, create a new Kubernetes master pointing to the existing ETCD cluster. Use the recovered certificates on the new master. Ensure that kube-apiserver , kube-controller-manager , and kube-scheduler are running on the new master.
Login to each worker node and update the kubelet configuration to point to the new Kubernetes master. Often times this file is found at /etc/kubernetes/kubelet.conf . Restart the kubelet service after making this change.
A Kubernetes Worker Node has Failed
How to tell?
Just like detecting a Kubernetes master failure, the kubectl get nodes command will report worker nodes that are unreachable as NotReady :
$ kubectl get nodes NAME STATUS AGE VERSION kube-master-1 Ready 21h v1.7.2 kube-master-2 Ready 20h v1.7.2 kube-master-3 Ready 20h v1.7.2 kube-worker-1 Ready 17h v1.7.2 kube-worker-2 NotReady 17h v1.7.2 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 $ kubectl get nodes NAME STATUS AGE VERSION kube - master - 1 Ready 21h v1 . 7.2 kube - master - 2 Ready 20h v1 . 7.2 kube - master - 3 Ready 20h v1 . 7.2 kube - worker - 1 Ready 17h v1 . 7.2 kube - worker - 2 NotReady 17h v1 . 7.2
Recovery Steps
Kubernetes will automatically reschedule failed pods onto other nodes in the cluster. Create a new worker to replace the failed node node and join it to the Kubernetes cluster. Once the new worker is working, remove the failed worker:
$ kubectl delete nodes kube-worker-2 node "kube-worker-2" deleted 1 2 $ kubectl delete nodes kube - worker - 2 node "kube-worker-2" deleted
Wrapping Up: Deploying to Kuberentes
Fixing clusters is one issue, but how about actually getting your application deployed to Kubernetes? Codefresh makes it very easy to deploy applications to Kubernetes clusters. Codefresh supports any Kubernetes cluster, whether its on Google Container Engine, AWS, Azure, Rackspace, IBM Bluemix, or even your own datacenter.
Try it out.
By George, I think she's got it! After 6 days, my sweet little baby girl has successfully been potty trained! The first 3 days were difficult to say the least, but after that, things just sort of clicked and they kept having less accidents! I am one proud mama!
So, in honor of my potty-conquering 2 year old, I made a fabulous cake to celebrate! That's right….another dessert. I post them because I can. And, I quite possibly may be addicted to sugar. Are you getting sick of desserts yet? Should I actually post meals that have some sort of nutritional value? Umm…..I'll think about it. Ha!
Anyways, everyone in this household love peanut butter and chocolate together. Nothing seems to beat it. It always fills our cravings whether it be a peanut butter cup, peanut butter M&M's or chocolate chips and peanut butter on a spoon {when we're really in a pinch}. Are you all addicted to PB & chocolate as much as we are? I wouldn't blame you if you were! 🙂
MY LATEST VIDEOS MY LATEST VIDEOS
I'm pretty sure this could fall under the life changing category. It's fudgy and soft from the brownie and then creamy and smooth with the peanut butter mousse on top. Yup. Peanut butter mousse. And then, if that wasn't enough, I top the whole thing with chocolate sauce and salted peanuts. Ridiculous, right? Am I losing my mind with all these sweets? OH WELL!
Hope you guys like this recipe! We sure did! 🙂
A single sub-anesthetic dose of ketamine exerts rapid and sustained antidepressant effects. Here, we examined the role of the ventral hippocampus (vHipp)-medial prefrontal cortex (mPFC) pathway in ketamine's antidepressant response. Inactivation of the vHipp with lidocaine prevented the sustained, but not acute, antidepressant-like effect of ketamine as measured by the forced swim test (FST). Moreover, optogenetic as well as pharmacogenetic specific activation of the vHipp-mPFC pathway using DREADDs (designer receptors exclusively activated by designer drugs) mimicked the antidepressant-like response to ketamine; importantly, this was pathway specific, in that activation of a vHipp to nucleus accumbens circuit did not do this. Furthermore, optogenetic inactivation of the vHipp/mPFC pathway at the time of FST completely reversed ketamine's antidepressant response. In addition, we found that a transient increase in TrkB receptor phosphorylation in the vHipp contributes to ketamine's sustained antidepressant response. These data demonstrate that activity in the vHipp-mPFC pathway is both necessary and sufficient for the antidepressant-like effect of ketamine.
Roberto Martinez has jokingly blamed the photographer for the picture of Aaron Lennon that gave the impression they were unhappy signing for Everton on loan.
The picture, taken by external photographer Peter Byrne but released by the club, became an internet sensation with MP Andy Burnham - an Everton fan - remarking on Twitter that the England winger appeared distinctly unimpressed with their new place of work.
Lennon, having arrived from Tottenham, then had to insist on the same medium that they were happy.
Aaron Lennon looks glum as they are presented as an Everton player after signing on loan from Tottenham
Roberto Martinez quipped that it was the photographer's job to make Lennon smile for the pictures
Lennon took to Twitter to poke fun at the pictures and insist that they are 'buzzing' to be at Everton
Even though i may not look it in the pics 🙈 I'm buzzing to be here,enjoyed my 1st day at training and everyone made me feel really welcome, — Aaron Lennon (@AaronLennon12) February 3, 2015
'He is very happy - I would blame the photographer because it is their job to make them produce a nice smile!' joked Martinez.
'But I saw a different face - a focused face, of someone who is ready to train and to perform.
'It has been great to see the way Aaron has adjusted, because when you sign a player in January, it is very difficult to find someone who is up to speed with the league and their match fitness.
'He is fully fit and ready to make an impact as part of the squad for the weekend.
'We are delighted, and I know there has been a lot said about the pictures - I will chase the photographer because I wasn't happy with that at all!'
Lennon grins as they chat with club legend and current coach Duncan Ferguson in training at Finch Farm
Martinez has confirmed that Lennon is in their squad to face rivals Liverpool on Saturday
Martinez, pictured on the touchline at Selhurst Park last weekend, is delighted with the signing of Lennon
Meanwhile, Martinez has dismissed talk of James McCarthy suffering another injury setback and stressed they expect the midfielder to be available for Saturday's Merseyside derby against rivals Liverpool.
It was believed McCarthy, who has only played twice since November due to their hamstring issue and last featured in late December, had aggravated the problem in training, ruling them out of this weekend's game.
But asked about that at their press conference on Thursday to preview the clash at Goodison Park, Martinez said: 'No, they haven't suffered a setback.
'He was in hospital yesterday having a scan to make sure they are fully recovered and the scan showed they are perfectly healed.
James McCarthy (left), pictured against Swansea City, is expected to be fit for Saturday's Merseyside derby
McCarthy (left), pictured against Liverpool in September, has been struggling with hamstring problems
'Now it is just a matter of adapting them into the match intensity, and I expect James to be available for the squad at the weekend, so it is terrific news in that respect.'
There was more good news on goalkeeper Tim Howard, who is back in training after a calf problem but will not be fit to face Liverpool. Leon Osman, Steven Pienaar and Tony Hibbert are still ruled out through injury.
Martinez added: 'Tim Howard is training now and it will be important to make the right decision. They feel strong and ready but medical advice says probably another week to make sure he's fully healed and we don't take any risks.
'Any soft tissue injury you have to be wary but it's incredible how quick he's back in training. We will assess them and see but it looks like another week.'
Everton goalkeeper Tim Howard is back in training but will not be fit to play against Liverpool this weekend
Joel Robles has stepped up to replace Howard and has improved in recent weeks after a difficult start in defeats by Newcastle and Hull.
'It's been great to see the support Joel Robles has received from everyone and I think we have seen them becoming someone who can enjoy that role,' said Martinez.
This op-ed appeared in the New York Times today, and since it was written by a government employee, using their NASA title at the end of the article, I consider it a public domain work reproducible here. I see what Hansen is saying here as giving license to the McKibbenites for more protests, more rallies, and since Hansen has endorsed it, likely some civil disobedience or perhaps even criminal activities to block Canada's sovereign right to develop their own resources. I suspect we'll see a rebuttal or two in the NYT perhaps as an op-ed or at least some letters, and I encourage WUWT readers to make use of that option. – Anthony
============================
By James Hansen
GLOBAL warming isn't a prediction. It is happening. That is why I was so troubled to read a recent interview with President Obama in Rolling Stone in which they said that Canada would exploit the oil in its vast tar sands reserves “regardless of what we do.”
If Canada proceeds, and we do nothing, it will be game over for the climate.
Canada's tar sands, deposits of sand saturated with bitumen, contain twice the amount of carbon dioxide emitted by global oil use in our entire history. If we were to fully exploit this new oil source, and continue to burn our conventional oil, gas and coal supplies, concentrations of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere eventually would reach levels higher than in the Pliocene era, more than 2.5 million years ago, when sea level was at least 50 feet higher than it is now. That level of heat-trapping gases would assure that the disintegration of the ice sheets would accelerate out of control. Sea levels would rise and destroy coastal cities. Global temperatures would become intolerable. Twenty to 50 percent of the planet's species would be driven to extinction. Civilization would be at risk.
That is the long-term outlook. But near-term, things will be bad enough. Over the next several decades, the Western United States and the semi-arid region from North Dakota to Texas will develop semi-permanent drought, with rain, when it does come, occurring in extreme events with heavy flooding. Economic losses would be incalculable. More and more of the Midwest would be a dust bowl. California's Central Valley could no longer be irrigated. Food prices would rise to unprecedented levels.
If this sounds apocalyptic, it is. This is why we need to reduce emissions dramatically. President Obama has the power not only to deny tar sands oil additional access to Gulf Coast refining, which Canada desires in part for export markets, but also to encourage economic incentives to leave tar sands and other dirty fuels in the ground.
The global warming signal is now louder than the noise of random weather, as I predicted would happen by now in the journal Science in 1981. Extremely hot summers have increased noticeably. We can say with high confidence that the recent heat waves in Texas and Russia, and the one in Europe in 2003, which killed tens of thousands, were not natural events — they were caused by human-induced climate change.
We have known since the 1800s that carbon dioxide traps heat in the atmosphere. The right amount keeps the climate conducive to human life. But add too much, as we are doing now, and temperatures will inevitably rise too high. This is not the result of natural variability, as some argue. The earth is currently in the part of its long-term orbit cycle where temperatures would normally be cooling. But they are rising — and it's because we are forcing them higher with fossil fuel emissions.
The concentration of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere has risen from 280 parts per million to 393 p.p.m. over the last 150 years. The tar sands contain enough carbon — 240 gigatons — to add 120 p.p.m. Tar shale, a close cousin of tar sands found mainly in the United States, contains at least an additional 300 gigatons of carbon. If we turn to these dirtiest of fuels, instead of finding ways to phase out our addiction to fossil fuels, there is no hope of keeping carbon concentrations below 500 p.p.m. — a level that would, as earth's history shows, leave our children a climate system that is out of their control.
We need to start reducing emissions significantly, not create new ways to increase them. We should impose a gradually rising carbon fee, collected from fossil fuel companies, then distribute 100 percent of the collections to all Americans on a per-capita basis every month. The government would not get a penny. This market-based approach would stimulate innovation, jobs and economic growth, avoid enlarging government or having it pick winners or losers. Most Americans, except the heaviest energy users, would get more back than they paid in increased prices. Not only that, the reduction in oil use resulting from the carbon price would be nearly six times as great as the oil supply from the proposed pipeline from Canada, rendering the pipeline superfluous, according to economic models driven by a slowly rising carbon price.
But instead of placing a rising fee on carbon emissions to make fossil fuels pay their true costs, leveling the energy playing field, the world's governments are forcing the public to subsidize fossil fuels with hundreds of billions of dollars per year. This encourages a frantic stampede to extract every fossil fuel through mountaintop removal, longwall mining, hydraulic fracturing, tar sands and tar shale extraction, and deep ocean and Arctic drilling.
President Obama speaks of a “planet in peril,” but they do not provide the leadership needed to change the world's course. Our leaders must speak candidly to the public — which yearns for open, honest discussion — explaining that our continued technological leadership and economic well-being demand a reasoned change of our energy course. History has shown that the American public can rise to the challenge, but leadership is essential.
The science of the situation is clear — it's time for the politics to follow. This is a plan that can unify conservatives and liberals, environmentalists and business. Every major national science academy in the world has reported that global warming is real, caused mostly by humans, and requires urgent action. The cost of acting goes far higher the longer we wait — we can't wait any longer to avoid the worst and be judged immoral by coming generations.
James Hansen directs the NASA Goddard Institute for Space Studies and is the author of “Storms of My Grandchildren.”
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
ExxonMobil shareholders have filed a class-action lawsuit against the company, alleging it misled its investors and the public by failing to disclose the risks posed to its business by climate change.
The alleged deception resulted in stockholders paying inflated prices for Exxon stock and subjected them to financial losses because the company knew the value of its oil reserves was less than what it was telling investors, according to the lawsuit filed in Texas federal court earlier this month.
"Exxon has long understood the negative effects of climate change and global warming and their relation to the worldwide use of hydrocarbons," according to the lawsuit.
"Exxon understood and appreciated that it was highly likely that it would not be able to extract all of its hydrocarbon reserves and that certain of those assets were 'stranded.' Yet Exxon publicly represented that none of its assets were 'stranded' because the impacts of climate change, if any, were uncertain and far off in the future."
Exxon did not respond to a request to comment. Lawyers representing the shareholders also did not respond to calls for comment.
Exxon is the world's largest publicly traded company, reporting $1.7 billion in profits the second quarter of this year. According to figures cited in the lawsuit, the value of Exxon stock dropped 13 percent from $95 a share in mid-July to $82.54 in late September and was $85.31 as of Friday.
The lawsuit, which could include hundreds of thousands of investors, seeks unspecified damages to reimburse stockholders for their losses and holds open the option for a judge to bar Exxon from the practices that led to the lawsuit.
These allegations of violations of the federal Securities Exchange Act by company officials add to Exxon's legal woes as the company faces fraud investigations by the attorneys general of New York and Massachusetts.
The two investigations are being conducted under the states' consumer protection laws to determine whether Exxon deceived consumers and investors about the role of its products in contributing to climate change.
The class-action suit alleges that Exxon breached its fiduciary responsibility to investors, but the legal bar remains high to prove the company intentionally deceived them.
Holding a company legally accountable requires proof that it failed to act responsibly based on its evolving assessments of climate risks, legal experts said.
The investors who filed suit purchased Exxon stock between February and October. They claim the company was aware of the connection between burning fossil fuels and climate change for decades, and understood that coming regulations could restrict development of some hydrocarbon reserves, according to the lawsuit filed in the Northern District of Texas.
Yet the company continued to file disclosure statements with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), the federal regulatory agency that polices stock sales, saying everything was fine, the lawsuit said.
Exxon's public statements—submitted to the SEC under the assurance of accuracy—that investors rely on when deciding whether to buy stock were "materially false and misleading" because they failed to disclose a number of factors, according to the lawsuit.
The SEC also has reportedly opened an investigation into Exxon to determine whether the company has been forthcoming with investors about climate risks and accounting issues concerning its reserves.
Among the cautionary signs that Exxon concealed from investors was the company's own internal reports from the 1970s concerning climate change, which recognized the environmental risks caused by global warming, according to the lawsuit.
"Given the risks associated with global warming and climate change, the Company would not be able to extract the existing hydrocarbon reserves Exxon claimed to have," according to the lawsuit.
As a result, the suit says, a significant portion of Exxon's reserves should already have been written down; that's a bookkeeping function that reduces the value of an asset because it has been overvalued.
Key to the complaint is the allegation that Exxon's continued assertion that the company was on solid ground despite internally understating the potential impact of climate change resulted in an artificial inflation of stock values. Stock value took a hit when the company recently announced that it might be forced to write down nearly 20 percent of its oil and gas reserves, according to the lawsuit. It has since rebounded to roughly the price it was selling for in September.
"Specifically, the Company acknowledged that it might have to write down 3.6 billion barrels of oil sand reserves and one billion barrels of other North American reserves that Exxon now conceded were not profitable to produce under current prices," according to the lawsuit.
Celia Taylor, a professor of securities and corporate law at the University of Denver, said shareholders will have a much easier task proving Exxon failed to lower the value of its oil reserves than proving it deceived investors about climate change's role in charting the company's future.
"That is a tangible element—that the company knew the value of the oil in the ground wasn't what they knew it to be and failed to assign the true value to the asset.
"That is a stronger hook than the climate change hook. There would have to be a showing that officers and directors knew climate change posed risks and didn't disclose those risks because they knew that would have a negative effect on stock value," Taylor said.
That's a tough task when disclosure requirements lack guidelines on precisely what has to be disclosed specific to climate change, they said.
Ryan McConnell, an adjunct professor of corporate law at the University of Houston Law Center, said class-action lawsuits of this type require proof that a company propped up the price of its stock by not disclosing information that would have influenced the stock value.
"They have to show causation where information from the company moved the stock price," they said. "Otherwise how do you know the statements mattered?"
The next hurdle to overcome in winning a securities fraud case is proving the information related to setting stock prices was intentionally withheld, they said.
"There is always the debate about what should have been disclosed and when," McConnell said.
"The fight is always about interpreting what is disclosed and what isn't and what material consequence it had."
If you are wondering where Hillary Clinton is hanging out these days, a Washington, D.C. store has the answer: the clearance rack!
Maria Bartiromo, host of "Mornings with Maria" on Fox Business Network, tweeted a photo Tuesday showing a 75 percent off sale of Hillary Clinton merchandise at a D.C., store.
Trump to Ainsley Earhardt: 'I Don't Want Celebs at Inauguration, I Want the People'
Tucker Exposes Hoax Group Claiming to Pay Protesters at Trump Inauguration
Stephen A. Smith Slams Level of 'Disgust' Seen When Black Leaders Meet With Trump
The merchandise includes mugs imprinted with Clinton's face and other mugs and travel mugs with the "Hillary 2016" logo.
Sparks Fly: Sen. Warren Demands Cmte Allow Further Questions for Education Nom
Dyson: No Denying A Lot of Anti-Obama Sentiment Was 'Racially Driven'
Fans React to Return of Bob Beckel to 'The Five'
So every app will have this new Notification settings screen and those who are not supporting them would see one channel as Miscellaneous. So as apps starts supporting Notification Channels the channels will be listed as shown in the screenshot left. So I have created a Demo app to demonstrate this (Source is available at my Github). Here I have created some channels like Technology, Android, General and you can see those listed down there and each of the channel can have their own customisations, like Importance, and Notification light.
To Develop on Android O API's now you have to set compileSdkVersion "android-O" buildToolsVersion "26.0.0-rc1" so this is how my build.gradle file look.
Lets see how to create a Notification Channel
Crating a Notification is easy and direct, and the best part is even if create a channel for already existing channel it would not harm, so you can call this more than one time as well.
We have got the NotificationManager by using the getSystemService(); and now we have access to the new Android O method called NotificationChannel(); which accepts a channelId channelName and the importance of the channel. Now that we have created a notification lets see how do we trigger the notification.
How to Create a Notification
Now Notification.Builder() method expects a channelId or you can also use setChannel() method to set the notification's channel.
Here you can see pretty much same old things for all other parameters. So from now on we have to create the Channel first and then trigger the notification with that channelId .
Updating Channel Settings
Users can update the Notification Channel Settings when ever they want either from the notification itself or from the settings page, you can also redirect the user to the update channel settings page via Intent .
It's straightforward that you have to give the package name and correct channelId.
Deleting a Notification Channel
Deleting the notification channel is also straight forward, you have to pass the channelId to the method deleteNotificationChannel
Deleting a notification channel will delete and show it on the screen like this.
Creating a Notification Channel Group
There are times where the same set of notification is set for two broad Groups, Example is the user may have want to subscribe to Weekly technology news, but not for the daily technology news. This Notification Channel has covered that as well. You can easily create Notification Channel Group by using createNotificationChannelGroup .
This is how it looks on the Notification Settings page now.
Reading the Channel Settings
It's easy to get the Channel Settings as well by using the method notificationChannel.getters(); as described below.
I have created a Demo Project to explore all these methods in Github at https://github.com/msomu/AndroidNotificationChannelsDemo
Today in our Supernatural Week, we talk to Jules Wilkinson, one of the administrators of the online Supernatural fan encyclopedia Supernatural Wiki (SuperWiki):
IFP: Tell us a little about the SuperWiki. What was the reason for founding it?
JW: Super-Wiki began life as the Super-canon – a simple single-author website. It was started by Hope in June 2006 just after season one of Supernatural had aired. Hope initially did everything themselves but as the resource expanded Hope teamed up with fellow fan Leandra, and they decided together that the site would better function as a wiki. In August 2006, it was converted into wiki format, which allowed any fan to contribute to the project. It's this which makes the site such a rich resource.
IFP: How did you become an admin at the SuperWiki? Why did you join?
JW: I'd done some transcribing of material for the Super-canon, and then got more involved when the project became a wiki. Every episode of Supernatural is so full of references to folklore and legends and popular culture, and it's great to help decode all this and organize it in an accessible way. I'm more than a bit of a nerd! Eventually, the admin team asked me to join them in taking on a broader role in running the site.
IFP: What kind of role do you and the other admins want the SuperWiki to fill in the Supernatural fandom?
JW: The SuperWiki has two broad aims. Firstly, to document the show, the episodes and the ongoing story and characters, and all the urban legends and mythic and pop references, as well as the associated material like the comics and novels and other projects by the cast and crew. The SuperWiki also records the activities and works of fandom, and this is something that makes it quite unique. We document the major events in fandom, like conventions, as well as fan works from fanfic to fanvids, fan projects of all sorts and even fan crafts. We have a guide to the vernacular specific to the Supernatural fandom, like the origin and spread of terms like “Metallicar”, the fannish nickname for the boys' Impala. There are many fan projects linked at the SuperWiki – such as the Plastic Winchesters, and the Laundry list, which documents all the clothes worn by Sam and Dean. We link to fansites, and media blogs and communities such as Television Without Pity, and Livejournal. And, of course, these two things overlap and interact – so, for example, you can read an entry about a character on the show, and also follow links to fanfic about them. So we're a repository of both facts and culture.
It's also a place where fans get to create things themselves. Nearly 2,000 fans are registered editors on the Wiki. They all add their own perspective and talent to it, whether that's fact-checking or proofreading, or contributing their expertise on Wicca, Egyptian mythology or '80s TV shows. The Wiki truly is a resource owned and made by fandom.
The site has become a well-used resource for those wanting info on the show – whether it's untangling the mytharc, or reading up on their favourite character or monster, or reading the trivia about each episode. Keith DeCandido who has written two of the Supernatural ti-in novels, acknowledges the SuperWiki in their book as their source of facts about the show. The SuperWiki is also often linked to by major media blogs for our coverage of the conventions. We collate links to fan reports, videos and photos – it's the only place where this is all gathered in one spot. Popular? The last convention was “Asylum” held in May this year and that page has had over 135,000 hits!
IFP: What plans do you have for the future of the SuperWiki?
JW: A big part of the Wiki‘s future will be determined by what fandom wants because they create and contribute to it. Our most popular pages at present are the episode and character pages, as well as the convention pages. We are on Twitter now, which has brought the SuperWiki to a new, broader audience.
IFP: Tell us about some of the challenges you have encountered in working on the SuperWiki.
JW: As a multi-authored site that anyone can contribute to, I thought one of the challenges would be monitoring and checking new edits and entries. But it's rare that anyone contributes anything inaccurate or inappropriate (like spoilers). The biggest challenge is just keeping current with new content, whether it's from the show or fandom. It never stops!
IFP: What other genre projects (fan or otherwise) have you done? Which was your favourite?
For a number of years, I was involved in organizing queer spoken word events, which were hugely rewarding as they gave many writers a space for the first time to make their stories heard. I have a great belief in the power of storytelling to be transformative for both the teller and the audience. Providing spaces for stories from those normally not heard – queer, disabled, indigenous, subversive – was exciting on both an individual and collective level.
IFP: What is your favourite character on Supernatural? Why?
JW: It has to be Sam and Dean, and no, don't ask me to pick! Why I love them is the great writing, that they're archetypes who could've easily been stereotypes, but the writers have created characters with an emotional continuity who also grow and change in response to what happens. They struggle – to do what's right, to make sense of life and family, to find out who they are – which we all do in one way or another. Oh, and they're funny and sexy and badass, too!
IFP: What is your favourite storyline on Supernatural? Why?
JW: I was really blown away by the Ruby arc that's just concluded. For two seasons, this character, portrayed by two great actores, was central to the mytharc, yet their motivations and agenda were hidden from both the audience and the other characters. There was a strong fan reaction to the character – often negative – which I think is a tribute to a risk in storytelling that really paid off.
We know now Ruby was a very unreliable narrator, and one of the joys of how they were written is that we can now go back and rewatch episodes through a very different lens and try and unpick what they were really up to. This is one of the things Supernatural does so well, building a story with such layers that each season gives us something new to bring to the viewings of past episodes.
IFP: Who is your favourite writer on Supernatural? Why?
JW: The strength of the writing lies in the synergy between the writers, who each bring different things to the show. Eric Kripke, of course, has the central vision of the characters and the mytharc. I love that he's stayed true to their original central premise – it's a scary horror show that's about family. It's hard to put any of the writers in a box. Ben Edlund writes cracked-out, playful episodes like “Ghostfacers” and “Wishful Thinking”, but also “On the Head of a Pin” which is one of the darkest episodes of the last season. Sera Gamble writes some of the scariest episodes, which usually have something in them that also gets under your skin and also makes you think. They write really scary little kids, and I think they write great Sam. Kripke, I think of as Dean's voice. Jeremy Carver has particularly created some great backstories for the characters – young Sam and Dean, young Mary Winchester, and the story of Castiel's vessel Jimmy Novak. Cathryn Humphris writes episodes that tend to look at the dark side of ourselves and our subconscious.
I have to add, it's a show where the contribution of parts of production are important in producing the end product – and valued by the fans. The show has great directors, particularly the late Kim Manners, who put their mark on the show in many ways, as they ran the production side of things in Vancouver. It's a visually sophisticated show, thanks to the amazing Art Department, a great DP and wonderful post-production effects. With the low budget they have, they manage to create something that is filmic in quality. And they've also managed to find some pretty awesome actors, too.
IFP: What is your favourite episode on Supernatural? Why?
JW: Stop asking impossible questions!!!! Okay, it'll be different tomorrow, but the season four premier episode, “Lazarus Rising”, is pretty magnificent. It starts with a four-minute sequence without dialogue, and then manages to set up the major themes and plot points for the whole season – what happened to Dean in Hell, Sam using their powers and working with Ruby, the estrangement between the brothers. And, of course, it introduces our first, and favourite, angel in Castiel, in magnificent fashion. It showcases what makes this show great.
IFP: What are you anticipating the most about the upcoming season? Why?
JW: It's the Apocalypse! Lucifer's risen! Plus, Sam and Dean have more than a few issues to sort out. I love that the show doesn't resile from making the central relationship a complex and tough one. It would be easy for this to be pretty much a standard buddy-genre show with the boys riding around in the car having fun and killing monsters, but it's much more challenging than that.
IFP: If you could be a Lovecraft/Mythos monster, which one would you be? Why?
JW: Cthulhu, of course. It's a tentacle thing.
IFP: Do you have a favourite Lovecraft/Mythos story? If so, which one is it?
JW: Having established I suck at picking favourites… “The Rats in the Walls” was probably the first Lovecraft story I read, and made a huge impression on me because of how it takes what seems, at first, a standard horror trope and layers it with things even darker and grander. One of the reasons I remain a great fan of short stories.
IFP: Please tell us about your upcoming projects.
JW: The one I am just finishing up is the “Supernatural Scrapbook” on the SuperWiki. Its a bit of a mini-Wiki based around a timeline and a collection of events both important and trivial in the life of the show and its cast and crew. Interviews, photoshoots, as well as production-related things. It's a place to keep all the little snippets of stuff – Jared and Jensen sharing a house; Kripke talking about the development of the script; how did the Writers' Strike affect the show, and many, many more fascinating, useless facts!
IFP: What is your dream project?
JW: Getting paid to watch movies, TV, and read books – and write about them!
Bio: Raised by television in suburbian Australia, their childhood companions were Doctor Who, the crew of the Enterprise, and the denizens of the Twilight Zone. Them love of the macabre and bizarre, and of science fiction, has continued into the 21st century, where they are disappointed not to be living on the moon, wearing a silver pullover. Aside from being an administrator of the Supernatural Wiki, they have co-edited a book of essays on the show called Some of Us Really Do Watch for the Plot, and was a contributor to In The Hunt, published by BenBella. They live with a cocker spaniel called Jack and, when not watching TV or annoying people on the Internet, they work in women's health by day and stand-up comedy by night.
If you enjoyed this interview, please consider making a small donation to Innsmouth Free Press.
Dennis Green passed away on Friday at the age of 67. Green's most memorable team, of course, was the 1998 Vikings that went 15-1. And we all know what their most memorable moment was. But Green's entire career was memorable, particularly for the way their career intertwined with some of the most interesting quarterbacks of their era.
Green coached in 219 games in the NFL, including playoffs. Warren Moon, who forever changed the path of black quarterbacks in the NFL, was their starting quarterback in 40 of those games. Daunte Culpepper, who was part of the 1999 class that represented the inflection point for black quarterbacks in the first round of the draft, was Green's quarterback in 29 games. Randall Cunningham and Jeff George, two of the most talented quarterbacks in recent history, started 27 and 12 games for Green.
Late-bloomers like Brad Johnson (24), Kurt Warner (15), and Rich Gannon (12) started games under Green. So too, did Jim McMahon (12). Green coached Josh McCown and Matt Leinart, and somehow McCown — who is four years older than Leinart — is the one still in the league.
There have been 35 coaches since 1960 to coach in at least 175 games (Green coached for 207 regular season games). Of those coaches, 32 had one quarterback for at least 20% of those games, but Green joins Mike Shanahan and Marty Schottenheimer (no surprise to regular readers) as the only coaches to fall below that mark:
Let's close with one remarkable bit of trivia. Green took 8 teams to the playoffs, and in those postseasons, they started seven different quarterbacks: Sean Salisbury in 1992, McMahon in '93, Moon in '94, Johnson in '96, Cunningham in '97 and '98, George in '99, and Culpepper in 2000. That's unbelievable: one franchise, eight playoff berths in nine years with seven different quarterbacks. That may not be Green's legacy, but I'd be stunned if that ever happens again.
Traffic restrictions were imposed on 2,559 aging bridges across Japan as of April last year, 2.6 times more than in 2008, the transport ministry has revealed.
The huge spike is the result of the government introducing mandatory safety inspections in 2014.
Little or no repair work has been done on the offending bridges due to a squeeze on finances.
Only 54 percent of around 730,000 bridges, including those on expressways, managed by municipalities and the central government had undergone safety inspections by the end of fiscal 2016.
And more bridges may face restrictions after future inspections, according to the ministry.
Since 2008, the transport ministry has interviewed municipalities about the condition of around 660,000 bridges out of the 730,000.
The ministry found that 2,559 bridges were restricted due to aging or other reasons as of April 2016, up 202 from the previous year, and have soared to around 2.6 times from 977 in 2008 when the ministry began examining them.
In 2014, the government decided to require bridges and tunnels to undergo safety inspections every five years after the deaths of nine people in 2012 in the aging Sasago tunnel on the Chuo Expressway in Yamanashi Prefecture when their cars were crushed by concrete slabs.
After a safety inspection, a large amount of damaged concrete in the tunnel that had been overlooked was discovered.
By the end of fiscal 2016, inspections revealed that 396 bridges were in a critical condition that required emergency measures.
Four of these bridges were managed by the government and three of the four had been given the green light to be repaired, but there have been delays in dealing with the other 392 bridges, which are under municipality management. Urban bridges tend to get fixed faster than suburban structures.
Four bridges in Kazo, Saitama Prefecture, are recognized as being in a critical condition that requires emergency measures, but the city said, “It's financially difficult to renovate all the bridges together at once,” and closed them to traffic.
“We would like to set priorities to tackle the issue in light of the impact for public lives,” said a Kazo official.
The ministry plans to deal with the bridge issue by setting up subsidy systems for renovating bridges or moving the functions of the bridges elsewhere.
"Furze" redirects here. For other uses, see Furze (disambiguation)
"Whin" redirects here. For Petty Whin, see Genista anglica . For the radio station, see WHIN
Ulex (commonly known as gorse, furze or whin) is a genus of flowering plants in the family Fabaceae. The genus comprises about 20 species of thorny evergreen shrubs in the subfamily Faboideae of the pea family Fabaceae. The species are native to parts of western Europe and northwest Africa, with the majority of species in Iberia.
Gorse is closely related to the brooms, and like them, has green stems and very small leaves and is adapted to dry growing conditions. However it differs in its extreme thorniness, the shoots being modified into branched thorns 1–4 centimetres (0.4–1.6 in) long, which almost wholly replace the leaves as the plant's functioning photosynthetic organs. The leaves of young plants are trifoliate, but in mature plants they are reduced to scales or small spines.[2] All the species have yellow flowers, generally showy, some with a very long flowering season.
Species [ edit ]
The most widely familiar species is common gorse (Ulex europaeus), the only species native to much of western Europe, where it grows in sunny sites, usually on dry, sandy soils. It is also the largest species, reaching 2–3 metres (7–10 ft) in height; this compares with typically 20–40 centimetres (7.9–15.7 in) for western gorse (Ulex gallii). This latter species is characteristic of highly exposed Atlantic coastal heathland and montane habitats. In the eastern part of Great Britain, dwarf furze (Ulex minor) replaces western gorse. Ulex minor grows only about 30 centimetres (12 in) tall, a habit characteristic of sandy lowland heathland.
Common gorse flowers a little in late autumn and through the winter, coming into flower most strongly in spring. Western gorse and dwarf furze flower in late summer (August–September in Ireland and Great Britain). Between the different species, some gorse is almost always in flower, hence the old country phrase: "When gorse is out of blossom, kissing's out of fashion".[citation needed] Gorse flowers have a distinctive coconut scent, experienced very strongly by some individuals, but weakly by others.[3][4]
Species list [ edit ]
Ulex comprises the following species:[5][6][7]
Species names with uncertain taxonomic status [ edit ]
The status of the following species is unresolved:[7]
Ulex airensis Esp.Santo et al .
Ulex autumnalis Thore
Ulex baicheri Rouy
Ulex boivini Cosson ex Nyman
Ulex boivini Webb
Ulex bonnieri Hy
Ulex bovini Welw. ex Webb
Ulex bovini Willk.
Ulex ceballosi Pau
Ulex ceballosii (Vicioso) Pau
Ulex congestus Pau
Ulex ericetarum Pourr. ex Willk. & Lange
Ulex ericetorum Pourr. ex Willk. & Lange
Ulex eriophorus Gand.
Ulex flahaulti Hy
Ulex funkii Webb
Ulex grandiflorus Pourr.
Ulex hispanicus auct.
Ulex hispanicus Pourr. ex Willk. & Lange
Ulex ianthocladus Webb
Ulex intermedius Le Gall
Ulex lagrezii Rouy
Ulex lanuginosus Pourr. ex Willk. & Lange
Ulex latebracteatus (Mariz) Rivas Mart., T.E.Díaz & Fern.Prieto
Ulex lucidus Willk.
Ulex mauritii Sennen
Ulex mauritii Sennen & Mauricio
Ulex maximilianii Sennen & Mauricio
Ulex megalorites Willk.
Ulex microclada Sennen
Ulex microclada Sennen & Mauricio
Ulex mitis G.Don
Ulex narcissi Sennen
Ulex provincialis Le Gall
Ulex provinicialis Loisel.
Ulex revurvatus Willk.
Ulex richteri Rouy
Ulex rivasgodayanus (Cubas) Cabezudo & Pérez Lat.
Ulex salzmannii Willk.
Ulex sparsiflorus Lange
Ulex spicatus Gand.
Ulex subsericeus (Cout.) Rivas Mart., T.E.Díaz & Fern.Gonz.
Ulex tazensis (Braun-Blanq. & Maire) Pau & Font Quer
Ulex vicentinus (Daveau) Castro
Ulex vidali Pau
Ulex vidalii Pau
Ulex willkommii Webb
Hybrids [ edit ]
The following hybrids have been described:[7]
Ulex × flahaultii Hy
× Ulex ×gonnetii Hy
Ecology [ edit ]
Gorse may grow as a fire-climax plant, well adapted to encourage and withstand fires, being highly flammable,[8] and having seed pods that are to a large extent opened by fire, thus allowing rapid regeneration after fire. The burnt stumps also readily sprout new growth from the roots. Where fire is excluded, gorse soon tends to be shaded out by taller-growing trees, unless other factors like exposure also apply. Typical fire recurrence periods in gorse stands are 5–20 years.
Gorse thrives in poor growing areas and conditions including drought;[9] it is sometimes found on very rocky soils,[10] where many species cannot thrive. Moreover, it is widely used for land reclamation (e.g., mine tailings), where its nitrogen-fixing capacity helps other plants establish better.
Gorse is a valuable plant for wildlife, providing dense thorny cover ideal for protecting bird nests. In Britain, France and Ireland, it is particularly noted for supporting Dartford warblers (Sylvia undata) and European stonechats (Saxicola rubicola); the common name of the whinchat (Saxicola rubetra) attests to its close association with gorse. The flowers are sometimes eaten by the caterpillars of the double-striped pug moth (Gymnoscelis rufifasciata), while those of the case-bearer moth Coleophora albicosta feed exclusively on gorse. The dry wood of dead gorse stems provides food for the caterpillars of the concealer moth Batia lambdella.
Invasive species [ edit ]
In many areas of North America (notably California and Oregon), southern South America, Australia, New Zealand and Hawaii, the common gorse, introduced as an ornamental plant or hedge, has become an invasive species due to its aggressive seed dispersal; it has proved very difficult to eradicate and detrimental in native habitats. Common gorse is also an invasive species in the montane grasslands of Horton Plains National Park in Sri Lanka.[11]
Controlled burning of gorse in Devon , England
Management [ edit ]
Gorse readily becomes dominant in suitable conditions, and where this is undesirable for agricultural or ecological reasons control is required, either to remove gorse completely, or to limit its extent. Gorse stands are often managed by regular burning or flailing, allowing them to regrow from stumps or seed. Denser areas of gorse may be bulldozed.
A whin-stone at Dalgarven Mill , Scotland, used to crush whin for use as winter feed for cattle.
Uses [ edit ]
Foods [ edit ]
Gorse flowers are edible and can be used in salads, tea and to make a non-grape-based fruit wine.[citation needed]
As fodder, gorse is high in protein[12] and may be used as feed for livestock, particularly in winter when other greenstuff is not available. Traditionally it was used as fodder for cattle, being made palatable either by "bruising" (crushing) with hand-held mallets, or grinding to a moss-like consistency with hand- or water-driven mills, or being finely chopped and mixed with straw chaff.[citation needed] Gorse is also eaten as forage by some livestock, such as feral ponies, which may eat little else in winter. Ponies may also eat the thinner stems of burnt gorse.
Fuel [ edit ]
Gorse bushes are highly flammable, and in many areas bundles of gorse were used to fire traditional bread ovens.[13]
In the island of Guernsey, Channel Islands, many traditional farms had furze brakes. The prolific gorse and bracken would be cut, dried and stored to be used as fuel, with farmhouses having purpose built furze ovens.[14][15]
Wood [ edit ]
Gorse wood has been used to make small objects; being non-toxic, it is especially suited for cutlery. In spite of its durability it is not used for construction because the plant is too small and the wood is unstable, being prone to warping. Gorse is useful for garden ornaments because it is resistant to weather and rot.
Common gorse flowers
Alternative medicine [ edit ]
Gorse has been listed as one of the 38 plants that are used to prepare Bach flower remedies,[16] a kind of alternative medicine.
Gorse-based symbols [ edit ]
The furze is the badge of the Sinclair and MacLennan clans of Scotland. Compare this with the broom (planta genista) as the emblem and basis of the name of the Plantagenet kings of England.
The flower, known as chorima in the Galician language, is considered the national flower of Galicia in northwest Spain.
The gorse is also the emblem of Brittany and is regaining popularity in Cornwall, particularly on St Piran's Day.
In popular culture [ edit ]
Its flammability rendered gorse symbolic as quickly flammable and quickly burning out; for example, Doyle, in their book Sir Nigel, has Sir John Chandos say: "...They flare up like a furzebush in the flames, but if for a short space you may abide the heat of it, then there is a chance that it may be cooler... If the Welsh be like the furze fire, then, pardieu! the Scotch are the peat, for they will smolder and you will never come to the end of them."[17]
In many parts of Britain, especially Devon and Cornwall where it is particularly prevalent on the moors, the expression "kissing's out of fashion when the gorse is out of blossom"[18] is a traditional jest as common gorse is thought to be always in bloom. Gorse, or rather furze as it was usually known in the West Country, sprigs were a traditional May Day gift between young lovers in the region, when in fact the blossom is at its peak.
In the first chapter of A. A. Milne's Winnie-the-Pooh, the titular character, after unsuccessfully climbing up a tree to get some honey, falls out of the tree and into a gorse bush.
In Sir Arthur Conan Doyle's 1892 short story "The Adventure of Silver Blaze," the trainer of a champion race horse temporarily hangs their coat over a furze bush.[19]
In Thomas Hardy's novel The Return of the Native, Clym Yeobright, the native of the title, becomes a furze cutter after their eyesight suffers from excessive reading.
For the past 30 years, Daryl Davis, a black man, has spent time befriending members of the Ku Klux Klan in the hopes of improving race relations.
For three decades, blues musician Daryl Davis has traveled around the U.S., seeking out white supremacists at every turn in hopes of changing their minds.
Now, Davis states that he's convinced roughly 200 white supremacists to leave the Ku Klux Klan by befriending them. A new documentary about Davis even features the 58-year-old sitting down next to cloaked Klansmen and joking around.
“It's a wonderful thing when you see a light bulb pop on in their heads or they call you and tell you they are quitting,” said Davis. “I never set out to convert anyone in the Klan. I just set out to get an answer to my question: ‘How can you hate me when you don't even know me?'”
An author, actor, and lecturer as well as a musician, Davis “simply gave them a chance to get to know me and treat them the way I want to be treated. They come to their own conclusion that this ideology is no longer for them… I am often the impetus for coming to that conclusion and I'm very happy that some positivity has come out of my meetings and friendships with them”
“Music absolutely played a massive role in bridging many gaps in the racial divides I would encounter,” Davis continued. Known for their energetic piano style, Davis has played with musicians ranging from Chuck Berry and Jerry Lee Lewis to Bruce Hornsby and Bill Clinton.
But now, Davis' work among white supremacists will surely be their greatest legacy. The new documentary on their work, Accidental Courtesy: Daryl Davis, Race & America (view trailer above), premiered earlier this month.
Next, read about the most infamous KKK members ever to serve in the upper levels of American politics.
Only a few days after a United Nations Special Rapporteurs announcement on the situation of human rights in Iran, a woman was hanged by the Iranian regime in the Lorestan province, as the local media reported.
Even with the seemingly moderate President Hassan Rouhani leading the Islamic Republic of Iran, no action has been taken to address the discriminatory legal and social laws regarding women and young girls. Women are not allowed to exercise basic civil rights in Iran as well.
To be more specific, some of the laws in the Islamic Republic totally contradict internationally accepted human rights standards, reinforcing the superiority of men over women.
In verse 34 of the Quran, which is increasingly cited by Islamic officials, “men are in charge of women by [right of] what Allah has given one over the other and what they spend [for maintenance] from their wealth. So righteous women are devoutly obedient, guarding in [the husband's] absence what Allah would have them guard. But those [wives] from whom you fear arrogance - advise them; forsake them in bed; and [finally], strike them.”
This verse has been applied to various areas of Iranian law. For example, when it comes to criminal law in the Islamic law of Iran, girls can be held criminally responsible at the ages of 8-9 years old, while criminal responsibility for boys begins at 15 years old. Why should girls be regarded as mature adults at 8-9 years old?
If a woman is killed in Iran, their blood money (money the family receives in compensation) is not equal to that of man. Women are worth half of that of a man. For criminal laws, according to Islamic Sharia law, sexual intercourse outside of marriage is punishable through the stoning of men and women. However, evidence indicates that women have been stoned at a greater proportion than men.
Honor killing is still practiced in provinces such as Eilam, Khuzestan, Kordestan, Fars, Lorestan, Azerbaijan, and Kermanshah, while the Iranian regime ignores these cases. In addition, a woman's testimony in court is worth half that of a man's testimony, based on criminal law.
In addition, while women are required to wear a Hijab, backed by Article 683, which states: “Those women that appear in the streets and public places without the Islamic hijab, shall be sentenced from ten days to two months' imprisonment or fined from fifty thousand to five hundred thousand Rials,” there is no similar law and penal code for men.
Regarding family law, girls are legally allowed to marry at 8-9 years old, while boys must be at least 15 years old. Further, the father is the natural guardian who can marry off their daughter; even if the girl is an adult, they cannot marry someone on their own. Wives and daughters cannot leave the country without the official permission of their husbands or natural guardian. They also cannot obtain a passport without the consent of their husbands.
Muslim men can marry women from other religions (religions of the book), while women cannot marry a non-Muslim unless the man converts to Islam.
Also under family law, it goes without saying that the woman can only contract one marriage at one time, but there is no restriction on the number of wives a man can have. Though many follow Quranic verses that allow four wives, under the Shia Islamic belief system, a Mut'a (temporary marriage) can provide a loophole. In Mut'a, Muslim men are allowed contract an unlimited number of temporary marriages, for a fixed period of time.
Article 1105 of the Civil Code states, “In relations between husband and wife, the position of the head of the family exclusively belongs to the husband.”
One of the most appalling laws is Tamkin, meaning submission or obedience. To be more specific, Tamkin has been defined as the full accessibility and unhampered sexual availability of the woman to their husband. Sexual availability is considered a woman's duty and a man's right.
When it comes to employment laws, Article 1117 of the Civil Code indicates “The husband can prevent their wife from an occupation or technical profession which is incompatible with the family's interests or the dignity of them or their wife.” Men can initiate a unilateral divorce.
In family law and inheritance rules, women only receive half as much as their brothers or other male relatives. Even if a husband dies, the wife will receive only one-eighth of the inheritance if they have a child. The law also prevents women from being judges.
The protection of every person's human rights “without distinction of sex” are enshrined in Article 2 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights (UDHR) and Article 2 of the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR).
Hypocritically, while the Islamic Republic of Iran is a signatory of the ICCPR, and while there is a so-called moderate president in power, the discriminatory laws against women remain intact.
Freedom Center pamphlets now available on Kindle: Click here.
Last January, Danielle Eden (co-founder of Dog Tales Rescue and Sanctuary) was visiting a shelter in Israel when they came to a startling conclusion. Eden frequently visits shelters around the world, finds dogs in need of care, and brings them back to their own shelter in King, Ontario so they can live on the 5-acre property. However, despite all their travels, Eden had never witnessed a case as bad as the one in Israel. “This is the worst shelter they had ever seen,” Clare Forndran, Dog Tales' media director, told The Dodo. “Dogs were literally fighting over a loaf of bread. There were more rats than dogs.” Overall, there were over 250 canines crowded into a space that was designed for only 70 pups.
Though Eden visited the shelter to find dogs who needed their help, they soon realized that every single dog at the kennel was absolutely miserable. That's when Eden decided to buy the entire shelter and take responsibility for all the animals there. Since then, 90 dogs have been relocated in Israel, 25 have been transferred to the Ontario shelter, and 150 remain in the shelter that will soon be renovated. An Israeli team has been put in charge of making the shelter a clean, livable place for dogs and, in the meantime, veterinarians have been addressing the dogs' health problems. The end goal is to bring all of them to Canada while the renovation is occurring.
To help, you can consider donating to the Dog Tales Rescue and Sanctuary on their website. You can also view their adoption page.
During the rescue mission:
Dog Tales Rescue and Sanctuary: Website | Facebook | Instagram | Donate | Adoption Page
via [The Dodo]
Solving problems for the common man
While the intentions are great for demonetization, it wouldn't be wrong to claim that the government is not capitalizing the cash crunch(which is going to last a while) with the right tools, to nudge people to adopt digital modes of transactions and instead falling back to dependency of cash as before. If the bigger goal is to make India a less cash economy and eventually a cashless economy, this is a wasted opportunity to not equip the common man with streamlined adoption of digital means.
There is a clear need for all the people to transact and keep their lives going; and with constrained cash flows — the economy is taking a big hit. People are hoarding the little cash that they have restricting the money flow in the market. What if everyone had the tools to transact digitally, people would be willing to go beyond their inhibitions to adopt digital means with the cash crunch literally forcing them to look for alternate options.
While Aadhaar, Jan Dhan Yojana and UPI are brilliant solutions for the society at large and are already working in order, it is irresponsible for the government to be not capitalizing them at this juncture of demonetization.
With the need across the spectrum of people (from digital adopters; digitally equipped but not so incentivized folks to use digital modes; to even lesser privileged folks without digital tools) to transact and participate in the economy, it is disastrous to not provide a streamlined way to get them on-boarded into the digital framework.
People could have been brought to a state where anybody could be transacting just by knowing the phone number of other party. Imagine somebody is able to pay an auto rickshaw person at the end of the trip or paying a street food vendor, buying from the nearby kirana store who couldn't afford a Point of Sale device, to even making the merchants to make digital payments to his/her suppliers. There couldn't have been a better time to boost and create a snowballing effect for people to adopt the framework that is already available but was just simply not provided or pushed for the masses.
The common man would have hardly needed to go through the hardships and more importantly reducing the dependency on cash for their daily needs and installing the behavior shift to reach the cashless economy sooner than later. Instead, everyone is hoarding cash and falling back to cash. This demonetization process simply becomes a painful reset process for the common man and it is even more saddening when the loopholes to convert the black money are wide open and accessible by the same people who was meant to have been impacted.
Coupling cash crunch with demonetized note exchange process
Besides the solving problems for the common man to freely participate in the economy and possibly accelerating the digital adoption by people — from creating bank accounts to getting them signed up with UPI, there is an ubiquitous need for everyone from the rich to the lesser privileged folks to exchange their demonetized notes.
The case today is that a good portion of the demonetized notes are only getting converted into new banknotes and getting locked up again, particularly as far as the hoarders are concerned. Even if this is achieved at a discount it destroys the overarching goal of destroying this black money or at least getting them back into the economy. Only the common man ends up on the receiving end for an ineffective cause.
With the limited banks as trusted sources and acting as gatekeepers to convert the notes, it stifles and puts pressure on both the bankers and the people to get them converted. A more decentralized(permissioned blockchain though) and distributed trust solution as described below could possibly alleviate the travails for the common man significantly. And more importantly, the process also gets them equipped into a state to participate in the digital economy be default.
Permissioned Blockchain Network
With the need clearly established for people to convert their demonetized notes, it would be helpful in having more trusted touch points beyond what is available today (i.e limited bank branches). These are essentially trusted entities to make sure they do the following 3 things:
1. Convert your demonetized note into legal currency
2. Link your legal currency into bank accounts and/or banknotes(limited)
3. Collect old demonetized notes
The blockchain network decouples the above the components and empowers individuals or more trusted entities with decentralized trusted framework and it works in the following way
1. Authentication and Authorization
We have about 1 billion registered Aadhaar people in the country also having a digital biometric fingerprint linked with it. If there was a simple app in the play store where people could download freely, provide all the details to establish their identities with Aadhaar, fingerprints or IRIS scanner, etc — as part of the registration process to go about converting their demonetized notes; and if we get them on-boarded onto the Jan Dhan Yojana, UPI and India Stack simultaneously, they are ready to participate in the digital economy going forward. Once the identity is established and having gotten them to an end state where they could transact just with their phone numbers without any restrictions. A maid in city for the first time gets a bank account created and also registered with the UPI network. With the cash crunch their employee could pay their salary just knowing their phone number — and without having to know their net bank account details. Having enabled her, they could again use the same way in purchasing the groceries or food supplies and all without being dependent on cash. The cycle goes on and the network grows slowly driving change the behavior. This could be a momentous point to get traction with the above said initiatives accelerating into the future sooner.
2. Tokenizing Demonetized Notes
The mobile client connects to the blockchain network with the identity established above. The notes are scanned, the legitimacy of the note is established in capacity available on digital medium, unique identifier is captured from the image which is then fed into the network for proof of work. The first step in the proof of work matches up with a list of known identifiers printed by the federal reserve bank to prove its legitimacy. The network also makes sure there it is the first time the notes are being tokenized and prevents duplication so as to avoid double spending. Once the proof of work is complete, the digital equivalent is attached to the identity of the person (and therefore the bank account and therefore UPI) and is only a step away from being able to use those digital tenders. The digital money is now put on hold and completing the third step would help release it to be able to participate in the economy.
Leveraging the possibility of smartphones and play store distribution, a democratized solution is made available to the masses directly to convert their demonetized notes (even if it is a single note) into digital tenders and also enabling them to participate in the digital economy. For the people without smartphones, other people with could pitch in — like the employer getting the maid on-boarded — or even dedicated touch points for the same. It is to be noted that the trust here is drastically reduced here with the network doing the chunk of work and the touch points merely facilitating access to the network, something similar to how people got themselves registered with Aadhaar.
Sample Tokenized Vault
In the process, every physical demonetized note gets a digital footprint to be able to track down the cash supply in the market and also determine the percentage of notes that would not be recovered.
3. Capturing Demonetized Notes
It is important for the federal bank to retrieve the demonetized note and this completes the process of converting old notes and releasing digital money that was captured earlier. These need more trust bearing a physical aspect and have to be restricted to banks nonetheless. This is perfectly fine as still the workload is significantly reduced at scale, with merely needing to collect the notes and verifying the identity of the depositor from the decentralized network and unblocking their linked digital money. It is magnitude better again as the trust of the identity and tax implications are by default taken care by the network and the trust of the banks are restricted to collect the demonetized notes from the right person (the identity that they used while capturing those same notes).
With the money being released now, people could freely transact just using the phone numbers. People with smartphones have a better experience with the fingerprint and other metadata to the 2-factor authentication; while those with feature phone would have to work with USSD and SMS along with OTP for transaction. Nonetheless, every person would have gotten to a state where they have been enabled with the tools to transact digitally and obliterating the need for cash for most parts. Going forward, with all the people having been on-boarded into the different systems like JAM, UPI, etc, they would be in position to enjoy the benefits going forward and rapidly bringing efficiency in the way economy would work.
Setting up such touch-points even post demonetization date is quite a reasonable expectation and one that is quite scalable. Only the blockchain need to have been thought out well beforehand and that could have possibly been done as proof of concept internally prior to demonetisation insinuating for other needs.
Posted on May 4, 2009 in Articles
We need to talk man.
Every time we meet up you tell me if I watch the grainy video of Tower 5 on 9/11, I'll see little men in black pajamas running up and down with plastic explosives right before the whole thing comes crashing down.
But I don't see it, bro. Sorry. Never have. Know what I see? A burning fucking building that requires precision architecture to stay standing, which it can't do when its integrity is shot all to fuck from a total structure fire that it was never designed to handle.
And look dude.
I know you think the International Monetary Fund, the Word Trade Organization, the Federal Reserve and the G-20 are just fronts for the Illuminati, a secret organization that is systematically destabilizing the globe in order to bring about an evil, totalitarian one world order.
But that's not the way it works, dog.
I promise you for every great event that transpires as a result of some maniacal plot, there are a hundred that just fucking happen.
Yup. It's that plain and simple. They just fucking happen, usually as a result of pure human stupidity and random chance.
More often than not you need to fear the evil you see right in front of you. The one that's using lame ass euphemisms to make its despicable ideology more palatable, but in the end is not really working too hard to hide its demented agenda.
The human brain is wired to find patterns in everything, homeslice.
That's why you might think swine flu is really a designer virus strategically released in Mexico to distract the world from something nefarious, but really, it's just a pissed off planet trying to kill us as a species in the process of checking our evolutionary mechanisms.
I know, it's pretty dope thinking there's just one big guy who controls everything with their massive cock on the boat wheel of the world. That's comforting. And you think maybe one day after you've perfectly triangulated all your conspiracy theories you'll find the mastermind, and when you discover he's a vampire you'll kill them and assume their power before the great council makes you high king of the immortal overlords. Yeah.
I get it.
But that world doesn't exist, killa.
Never did. Life might feel a lot more boring without all that stuff, I understand. In the trivial and mundane chores of your ordinary existence you might get depressed at the casual banality with which life is extinguished and created or empires rise and fall.
You might need to have a little existential crisis while you get over this shit, bro. It's cool. I'll be there for you while you work things out. I got your back like that.
But you do gotta work it out, dude, 'cause if you don't stop bombarding me with all these dumbass conspiracy theories every time we talk, we gotta quit being homies, yo'. Alright?
-The Internet
In my day, you had to block off several minutes of your day, carefully read long explanations, and manually enter code in order to obtain root access to your phone. Today, all it takes is plugging in your phone and running a program.
The folks over at AllDroid have built a program that can obtain root access to the Droid X in one click. All it takes is downloading the GUI program for Windows, turning on USB Debugging mode, and then clicking the “Root Me ” button. Boom! Rooted.
You new school Android users have no clue how easy you have it. But, you probably won't care because you get the same functions that old-timers enjoyed without having to do as much work. You won't be able to load custom ROM's until someone figures out how to crack that bootloader, but at least you'll be able to tether for free and use some of the apps in the Android Market that require root.
Head over to AllDroid to download the program and read the instructions for how easy it is to root or unroot your Droid X.
via TalkAndroid
Bank of Japan Governor Haruhiko Kuroda speaks during a press conference in Tokyo on April 26, 2013.
Photo by TORU YAMANAKA/AFP/Getty Images
Countries that engage in bold acts of monetary stimulus typically see their currency depreciate substantially. That's led to the idea that monetary stimulus—or at least monetary stimulus at the zero bound—is all about exchange rates and exports and thus either something that only small countries can do or else something that only one country can do at a time. Lars Christensen has a good post showing that this is not historically the case—whether you're talking about the US in 1933 or Argentina in 2002 or Japan today, the boost comes mostly from domestic sources.
One way to think about it is that if you degrade money's use as a store of value, people naturally try to trade money for other kinds of things that store value. One possibility is to buy shares on the stock market. Another option is to go buy stuff that lasts a long time. That could be a new car or boat or refrigerator or add an addition to your house or redo the kitchen. Some of this shows up as increased consumption spending and some as residential investment. The of course you have the shares. Higher share prices make it easier for firms to raise capital by issuing shares (though this is rare in practice) but also shift the calculus against using profits for buybacks and in favor of using them to fund investments. High share prices also make it easier for companies to do stock aquisitions of small firms, which can directly and indirectly boost investment.
And of course exports do go up! But even there, what's significant is that the exporting raises exporters' income and thus lets them buy more stuff domestically, while firms make investments necessary to meet foreigners' demand for exports. The point is that across the board it's domestic demand that matters most.
Oracle voiced support on Friday for Federal Communications Commission (FCC) Chairman Ajit Pai's controversial plan to roll back the agency's net neutrality rules.
In a letter addressed to the FCC, the company played up its “perspective as a Silicon Valley technology company,” hammering the debate over the rules as a “highly political hyperbolic battle,” that is “removed from technical, economic, and consumer reality.”
“[T]he stifling open internet regulations and broadband classification that the FCC put in place in 2015 – for just one aspect of the internet ecosystem – threw out both the technological consensus and the certainty needed for jobs and investment,” Oracle wrote in their letter.
ADVERTISEMENT
Other companies in support of Pai's plan, like AT&T and Verizon, have made the argument that the rules stifled investment in the telecommunications sector, specifically in broadband infrastructure.
Pro-net neutrality advocacy groups like Free Press have rejected those claims, arguing that investment in broadband has grown since the net neutrality rules were implemented in 2015.
Pai is proposing to undo the rules, which subjected broadband companies to tougher regulation from the FCC.
Pai would instead let the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) have oversight over broadband providers.
They would also allow companies to voluntarily adopt net neutrality principles and include them in customers' terms of service.
Oracle wrote in their letter that they believe Pai's plan to remove broadband providers from the FCC's regulatory jurisdiction “will eliminate unnecessary burdens on, and competitive imbalances for, ISPs [internet service providers] while enhancing the consumer experience and driving investment.”
Oracle is one of the first Silicon Valley companies to take a public stance in new net neutrality fight. In years past, internet companies like Google and Twitter have aggressively championed net neutrality rules but have recently said little publicly. The Internet Association, a trade group for many big web companies, though, has been actively pushing the FCC to keep the rules.
Telecom companies, which have long opposed the rules, are urging Pai to roll them back.
Jake Croman, son of New York City landlord Steven Croman, is seen in a video verbally harassing Uber driver Artur Zawada after Zawada canceled a ride on the University of Michigan frat bro.
The video was posted on March 23 and quickly went viral with more than 300,000 views.
In the video, Croman, a member of Tau Kappa Epsilon, is seen berating Zawada along with frat brothers. But Croman is the ringleader of the harassment, calling Zawada a “f*ck” and a “f**got.” They continue, “You wanna kick me off? Kick me off, you little piece of sh*t. You're an Uber driver! Go f*cking drive, you little f*ck!” They then proceeds to call Zawada a “minimum wage f*ck” before storming off with their cronies.
Croman is now under investigation by their fraternity and University of Michigan. In a statement, UMich said that it was “extremely disappointed in the behavior depicted in this video” and said that they have spoken to both Croman and Zawada. No further action has been announced.
Jake Croman's father, multimillionaire Steven Croman, has been described as a “slumlord” by “using illegal tactics to force out rent-stabilized tenants,” reports NY Daily News.  They are currently under investigation by State Attorney General Eric Schneiderman who alleges that Croman used “intrusive renovations to oust rent-regulated households” writes Crains New York.
Watch the video of their son above.
How important is it to take your cat in for cat teeth cleaning? Cats can suffer from extreme tartar buildup that, if left untreated, can lead to infection. While it is safe to say that a good cleaning is necessary to the oral health for cats over a certain age or with marked tartar buildup, it's hard to know when to say when. Before you take your cat in for a cat tooth cleaning, look over these risks and options so that you can make a well-informed decision.
Many proponents of teeth cleaning for cats will argue that the benefits to your cat dental health far outweigh the risks, and it is true that the risks are minimal. The greatest risk is in the fact that any cat who goes in for a cat teeth cleaning will have to be put under general anesthesia. As with any person or animal going under general anesthesia, there are always inherent risks. However, today's technology has pared those risks down to a minimum. Another risk is that your cat may lose teeth in the cat teeth cleaning process. But that means that those teeth were only held in by tarter in the first place and were therefore prone to infection.
Whether or not your cat is ready for a cleaning, there are preventative options you can incorporate into your daily routine. Cat dental chews are a inexpensive and fun way to tend to your cat's oral hygiene. What your feline friend thinks is a toy is a safe way to keep tartar buildup at bay. Purchasing dental diet cat food is a good idea, especially as your cat gets over the age of seven.
If you are confident it's time to get a cat teeth cleaning, remember that it can't hurt anything but your pocketbook. Many savvy cat owners these days are opting to perform the cleaning process themselves. Whatever you opt for, know that your cat will be better for it and you'll be the lucky owner of a happy cat.
AFC Enterprises Popeyes is aiming to double in size at home and abroad
Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen Inc., the franchiser and operator of Popeyes US:PLKI fast-food chicken restaurants, has some ambitious growth plans.
“For the last eight years we put this brand on a trajectory to double in size in the U.S. and more than double in size internationally,” Chief Executive Cheryl Bachelder told MarketWatch.
Popeyes, which has a menu that includes fried chicken and french fries, is growing at a time when healthy eating has become a bigger priority for many in the U.S. and when fast-casual restaurants like Chipotle CMG, +0.48% have become more popular with diners. These shifts don't concern Bachelder, who said consumers are looking for convenience, differentiation and good food.
“The rule has been the same for a long time and we're just living it,” they said. With its Louisiana flavors, Popeyes is in a good position to stand out from the competition—and there are low-calorie options on the Popeyes menu to choose from, they said.
The company reported second-quarter results on Wednesday after the bell, and tallied 2,443 restaurants (operated and franchised) at the end of the quarter, 8% more than the 2,262 restaurants for the comparable period in 2014. And the company is planning 115 to 150 net new restaurant openings for the rest of 2015.
Bachelder joined the company in November 2007. Since they assumed the role, the company has rebranded to “Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen” from “Popeyes Chicken & Biscuits”, and launched an advertising program nationally in the U.S. It is also in 27 countries and three territories overseas.
Popeyes has opened more than 400 restaurants in the U.S. in last four or five years alone.
“We are in 48 states, but still have a lot of room for growth,” Bachelder said. “We have a lot of good data to suggest we could double in size in the U.S. without encroaching on ourselves.”
Popeyes is primarily a franchise business; only about 70 of its restaurants are company-owned. Net income for the second-quarter of fiscal 2015 was $10.3 million, or 44 cents per share, up from $8.3 million, 39 cents per share, for the same period last year. The FactSet consensus estimate was 44 cents.
Revenue for the quarter was $59.4 million, a 10.6% increase from $53.7 million for the same period in 2014. The FactSet consensus estimate was $62.7 million. The company experienced a $2.8 million increase in sales at company-operated restaurants and a $3.5 million increase in franchise royalties. And global same-store sales climbed 7.5% in 2015.
The Room has quickly become one of my favorite movies. I cannot, and could not, begin to call it a good film, but it is enjoyably and transcendently inept. The movie's premise is a love triangle between Johnny, a well-meaning banker, Lisa, their fiancée, and Mark, their best friend. But that basic description does not begin to capture all that is The Room.
The internet has exhaustively documented the film's numerous flaws and the insanity going on behind the scenes, but in brief, Tommy Wiseau, the film's writer, director, star, and overall creative visionary, produced the perfect storm of terrible movies. The writing is embarrassing; the acting is weak and wooden, and the dialogue is quotable for all the wrong reasons. Plots are picked up and dropped seemingly at random; characters emerge and disappear for no reason, and the film is so poorly directed and edited that it could be considered avant-garde if people believed it were a deliberate departure from the norm.
I've watched this unintentional masterpiece five times. I have shared it with my fiancée, with my parents, and with multiple groups of friends, because it's one of the movies that just has to be seen to be believed. It's the type of film that you would never expect to actually come to fruition. Its vision is too singular. Making a movie involves too much effort from too many people for one individual to be able to create something so unique and so awful. In short, The Room is a cinematic train wreck that is as breathtaking as it is bewildering.
But recently, a comment about the movie's questionable notoriety gave me pause. Greg Sestero, one of the film's “stars,” is writing a new book about the film. In an article about the book's release, one online commenter complained about Sestero capitalizing on Wiseau and the movie's infamy, arguing that,“at some point it feels like he's exploiting a man who's not all there.” It made me wonder if there's something wrong about the joy I derive from The Room.
Despite the poor quality of the film, and despite the more questionable parts of the production, there's a certain defenselessness to Tommy Wiseau. As the book's co-writer, Tom Bissell, pointed out in their profile of Wiseau for Harper's, here is a man who earnestly tried to create art, and failed miserably. And while they seem to have made some cobbled-together peace with the sneering affection for their work, Wiseau strikes me as a man who claims to be in on the joke, but who still sincerely meant every frame of their film. That, in and of itself, makes The Room as much of a rarity as it is an oddity.
After all, what isn't ironic these days? What isn't meta? What isn't already self aware, genre-savvy, and harnessing the medium's conventions at the same time its commenting on them?
And while I complain, I'm also an enabler, because I love it. There's a certain facet of me as consumer of art that is equal parts Abed from Community, Comic Book Guy, and Quentin Tarantino. It's the part that loves a work that can connect with what its audience already knows. It's the part of me that loves the venerated episode of Star Trek: The Next Generation where Captain Picard and their alien acquaintance communicate entirely through references to their respective cultural lore. It's the part that loves when writers and directors call back to a past work, or a literary tradition, or cinematic conceit, because it accomplishes two things:
First, it eases the audience into whatever new creative world they're being drawn into. It uses what's come before as a subtle signal about what mood the work's creators are trying to evoke, or a deft bit of foreshadowing, or maybe even give us a window into the unspoken thoughts of a character. At its worst, in something like the Star Wars prequels, this technique becomes little more than an attempt to feed on the goodwill of past triumphs. But when done correctly, it conveys emotions and themes using a common network of art and commentary that allows it to not only resonate, but to do so without reinventing the wheel.
And second, it says “us too.” It tells the audience, “we know what you're thinking, we know the metes and bounds of the medium that we're working in.” It allows a work's creator to be both presenting something to the viewer and to be sitting right next to them commenting on it. There's a sense of community, a sense of connectedness, between the author and their audience that takes away some of the sting of the inherent artificiality in almost any creative work.
But while almost every artistic work stands on the shoulders of giants by definition, there seem to be few works these days that try to truly stand on their own. And, what's more, many of the people involved in public life, artistic or otherwise, put up a similar aura of winking self-deprecation.
So why there aren't more works that are truly just speaking to their audience, not with them? And why aren't there more people standing behind those works honestly and forthrightly? Why are people so scared to put themselves or their efforts out to the world in a way that they're willing to stand behind wholeheartedly?
It's because that bit of winking, those hints of self-awareness, are a protective sheen. In the same way that they make the audience more accepting of the artifice in art, they also protect the creators from some criticism. And they protect individuals from judgment.
And nowhere is that clearer than in Seth MacFarlane's Oscar performance. As much as I enjoyed their tour of duty as host, MacFarlane kept their guard up. Rather than stand behind their ribald, edgy humor, they opened the show by framing it as a nose-wrinkling “can you imagine if I did that?” that was as much a bout of self-effacing protection as it was a way of softening the blow of their brand of humor for a broader audience.
He'd deliver a groan-baiting remark while simultaneously riffing on their own jokes. (“I thought we cut that one.”) They delivered some of their more controversial material through the mask of a CGI teddy bear. At a celebration of the peak of an artistic media, meta was in, from the master of ceremonies to the show's final moments where the upper echelons of politics and the film industry came together to crown a film about the intersection of politics and the film industry.
And by that same token, the New Yorker's Sasha Weiss blames much of the backlash against Anne Hathaway during awards season as stemming from their very unvarnishedness, their unabashed, non-self-deprecating, and above all earnest enthusiasm for their work and their success. Weiss chalks much of this up to Hathaway failing to meet certain standards imposed on women. And while I agree with Weiss that there are sexist elements at play, I think the mindset lurking behind the negative reactions to Hathaway goes beyond gender lines.
Hathaway engendered that response by committing a grave faux pas for those in public life – presenting themselves to the public without that protective shield of manufactured detachment, leaving their genuine sentiments about their work and the moment waiting for the sharpened knives of our cynical culture. Christy Wampole wrote about this problem in the New York Times, and described how people “hid[e] behind the mantle of irony.” When Wampole wants to describe the paragon of someone unfettered by the necessity for this kind of protection, they write:
“Observe a 4-year-old child going through their daily life. You will not find the slightest bit of irony in their behavior. They have not, so to speak, taken on the veil of irony. They like what they like and declares it without dissimulation.  They are not particularly conscious of the scrutiny of others.”
Weiss brings this example to its logical conclusion by relaying an anecdote from Norwegian writer Karl Ove Knausgaard. Knausgaard's young daughter was attending a birthday party, and proudly presented a pair of new golden shoes, specially selected for the occasion, to an audience of their playmates. When they receive a cold reception, they quickly retreated from their forthright exuberance, chilled from offering their bare joy again. Weiss notes, “Little girls learn very quickly not to ask so openly for praise, and to modulate their excitement if they want to be acceptable.”
But this lesson is not limited to little girls. We all find ourselves shielding ourselves from ridicule, derision, and above all else judgment by keeping parts of ourselves reserved. Because while our society claims to value authenticity, it is just as quick to reject those who display it.
And I am far from immune. I am an admitted Applecarter – I appreciate, as much as anything, those brief moments of realness in an otherwise rigorously choreographed world. But as this site readily indicates, I am also a critic. And while I might prefer to think of myself as cutting through those walls of artifice with my critiques, I am just as likely to be uncharitably sharpening those same knives of snark and sarcasm in the face of honest efforts.
And that's why I start to feel guilty about how much I enjoy The Room. Despite the encouragement from wise folks like Crash Course's John Green, I have trouble separating the author from the work. Given how singular a vision The Room is, it's particularly difficult to look at the movie without seeing Tommy Wiseau, their soul laid bare, for all the world to laugh at.
The work, taken alone, is undoubtedly an imminently laughable one. In fact, it's easily the funniest movie I've seen in the last decade. And, what's more, the unvarnished Tommy Wiseau is not necessarily a pretty picture. Beneath the film's exterior as an entertaining train wreck lies a perspective that is equal parts misguided, misogynistic, and more than a little troubling.1 But it is nevertheless a genuine and honest display of Wiseau's personal vision.
Whatever the film's worldview, Wiseau clearly saw The Room as their opus, their labor of love, and the apotheosis of their capabilities of a filmmaker and storyteller. They saw themselves as delivering a part of their soul through the medium of film, conveying powerful emotions and saying something that they thought was profound. There is something shameful about laughing at that earnest intent, no matter how misguided the execution or troubling the underlying message.
And it's made all the more shameful if, as the commenter suggests, Wiseau is “not all there.” It's hard to know how much of Wiseau's peculiar persona to ascribe to their own off-kilter personality, how much to a cultural and linguistic barrier, and how much to a genuine issue of mental health. Whatever portions of these elements make up Wiseau, they seem in many ways to be a child, not all that unlike Knausgaard's daughter presenting their golden shoe to a cold room.
The raw, budding earnestness of that sort of presentation ought to be welcomed, or at least not derided, even if the end result is more than a bit lacking. I recently uncovered some recordings I made in high school. While it was easy for me to cringe at the purple prose, the simple chord progressions, and the mawkish, apocalyptic sentiments that often served as the foundation for those songs, I resisted the urge to judge my younger self too harshly. Those early, and admittedly very green, attempts at songwriting were honest efforts to express emotions and sentiments that were too great and too complex for a neophyte to wrap their head around, let alone articulate.2 They were, nonetheless, with the benefit of hindsight, noble failures.
In the same way, Tommy Wiseau's reach clearly exceeded their grasp in their first attempt at filmmaking, but they genuinely strove to create something great, and presented it, for better or worse, without a hint of irony. There is something noble in that too, no matter how ridiculous the result. I can't stop myself from laughing at the end product, but also I can't escape that twinge of guilt that comes from a mocking appreciation for something deeply meant and steadfastly offered, even, and perhaps especially, when the work fails so spectacularly.
Until around the mid-twentieth century, almost all subdivision plans for Edmonton were conceived as a traditional grid of streets and avenues in cardinal directions. Apart from earlier river lot subdivisions, the 1912 Hudson's Bay Land Subdivision broke this pattern during an optimistic boom time. Today its vestiges are barely legible, yet indelibly mark Edmonton with its peculiar diagonal avenues of Kingsway and Princess Elizabeth. Once perceived as a progressive departure, what remains today stand as an awkward testament to a bold plan compromised with shifting circumstance.
The Hudson's Bay Land Subdivision of 1912
The City Beautiful Movement ‘flowered' in Canada between 1910-1913, just as planning was being established here as a profession. The 1912 Hudson's Bay survey created by Driscoll and Knight constituted 1000 acres and at the time was ‘the biggest and most valuable tract of land ever subdivided in the Dominion of Canada'.
As seen in following plans, the Hudson's Bay Company sat idle with their land apportioned through the Dominion Land Survey, allowing an appreciation of its value over the booming decade. The Town of Edmonton began to surround the large undeveloped tract raising both ire and encouragement of city officials.
(excepting my redrafted 1912 plan) all images courtesy and copyright of City of Edmonton Archives and subject to conditions of use
Common City Beautiful plans of the era naturally emphasized beautification, the introduction of nature into the city, and landscaped boulevards and civic amenities. In addition to the over 45 acres of ‘artistically arranged' parks, the plan spelled out some of today's civic institutions including Royal Alexandria Hospital, Prince of Wales Armouries, and Victoria Composite High School. The diagonals were intended to be ceremonial boulevards, as highlighted by the use of Portage (now Kingsway) for a procession in 1939 Royal visits by King George VI and Queen Elizabeth. The plan called for wide sidewalks on the diagonals and ‘more economical means of traffic to all quarters of the city‘.
The land lottery for the 1912 sale of the parcels triggered nothing short of a speculative frenzy during the unprecedented boom. Almost immediately after, Canada entered major economic depression in 1913 with winds of war blowing across from Europe. World War I, the Great Depression and an airport prevented the majority of the plan from ever being realized.
It's tough to speculate whether the plan is an interesting footnote to the City's urban history, or if there's something meaningful to read in its realization. What is obvious is that Kingsway and Princess Elizabeth Avenues were intended to be endeared civic boulevards worthy of a Royal visit. The narrow parcels with their short sides oriented to the street along Kingsway, Portage, and Norwood suggest that they may have become interesting commercial avenues with varying facades; a similar condition seen of today's Alberta Avenue or 124th Street.
The wedge shaped lots formed at non-orthogonal intersections is an ingredient in a loved ‘flatiron' building typology built in many cities generally in the 20th Century:
It is difficult to speculate that following this plan stubbornly would have yielded an area today of great civic pride, but we do know that to be the plan's original intention. The avenues were intended to be worthy of Royalty, but what exists today on much of Kingsway is unremarkable:
A blue collar city with a pattern of boom and bust economies has led to a development mentality that prioritizes expediency at the expense of long term vision and principles. Fear surrounds the perceived costs of inaction: we collectively understand that if a project isn't completed now while conditions are favourable, it may never happen. The compromises we seem overly willing to make at times are the parallel – where standing by vision and principles during an idle circumstance seems to many as foolish and imprudent.
With the original subdivision of these HBC lands now over a century behind us, we've reached an historic parallel to perhaps stop and reflect upon. After more than a decade of meteoric rise we again face the looming prospect of a dark, lingering economic cloud. Can we stand by the visions and principles in our plans that we've forecast will lead us forward into the next 50-100 years? Or, as deficits replace surpluses, will we settle in the here and now for what is merely profitable?
References:
Meek, Margaret Anne. “History Of The City Beautiful Movement In Canada, 1890-1930”. University of British Columbia, 1978. Print.
Street Map Of The City Of Edmonton. Driscoll & Knight, 1924. Web. 4 Jan. 2016.
http://www.edmonton.ca/city_government/documents/PDF/EAM-34_FULL.pdf
Links:
http://image.slidesharecdn.com/fcsarch-30-olmstead-and-city-beautiful-1204660485589695-4/95/fcsarch-30-olmstead-and-city-beautiful-12-728.jpg?cb=1229133651
https://classconnection.s3.amazonaws.com/238/flashcards/1219238/jpg/chicago_21334636969558.jpg
http://www.fredericklawolmsted.com/burnham.htm
NEW DELHI: The time taken by trucks and goods vehicles to cross state borders still ranges from 2 to 9 hours at some of the check points, said All India Motor Transport Congress AIMTC ), the country's biggest truckers' body. This delay is due to RTOs and flying squads carrying out checking of documents and materials of such vehicles besides the waiting time at toll collection points, it said.This is proving to be a spoiler for the Centre's move to ensure seamless movement of goods vehicles after GST was rolled out. All border check-posts for collecting inter-state taxes were also removed. The time taken by trucks to cover major stretches had reduced significantly after these check-posts were abolished.Based on ground reports, All India Motor Transport Congress (AIMTC) has prepared a list of state borders where truckers were still spending few hours. For example, the total time taken at Lakhanpur border in Jammu and Kashmir is about nine hours in comparison to 12 hours before GST was rolled out. Similarly, at Rajpura in Punjab it takes about 7-8 hours to cross the border in comparison to 10-12 hours during pre-GST era.For truckers, average time taken to cross three borders in Rajasthan - Sahajhanpur, Bharatpur and Dholpur - is 3-4 hours. At Shamalji in Gujarat, truckers spend about 6-7 hours and at Nayagaon and Sendwa in Madhya Pradesh, the time taken is 6-7 hours.It's no better at Palasaner in Maharashtra and Chirkunda in West Bengal where trucks and cargo vehicles are spending hours to cross through the state borders."There is no doubt that the travel time had reduced significantly soon after the GST rollout as check-posts were removed and a sizeable share of trucks were off the road because of less demand. Now the government must take steps to end harassment and delay caused due to RTOs and other agencies including traffic police. The corruption is still there at many borders," said an AIMTC office-bearer.He said the truckers' body has taken up this issue with the government since if the practice is not curbed, the impact of GST on goods movement won't be significant.S P Singh of IFTRT, a think tank on transport sector said, "Why are they bringing up the issue of RTOs. The GST rollout has nothing to do with RTOs. They are also overplaying the flying squad issue. They themselves are responsible for the present situation. The habit of flouting norms and rules are the primarily reasons for the mess."
[1] Coordinates: Breech Academy (also called Breech Training Academy) was a school operated by Trans World Airlines between 1969 and 1988 to train flight attendants, ticket agents, and even pilots. It was named for TWA executive Ernest R. Breech.
TWA Breech Academy 1970
History [ edit ]
TWA opened the academy on December 3, 1969, on a 25-acre (100,000 m2), three-building campus in Overland Park, Kansas at 6300 Lamar Ave. to train women to be flight attendantesses and air hostesses. The academy was so popular that other airlines sent their own flight attendants to the school. Previously TWA had done its training at its TWA Corporate Headquarters' Building in downtown Kansas City. In 1972, TWA started interviewing young men for the position that was previously exclusively held by women. The name "Hostess" thus became "Flight Attendant" because of the addition of male employees to that position. Two men were in the first class started in April 1972. In the years to follow, hundreds of men would eventually graduate the Breech Academy as Flight Attendants.
Training facilities [ edit ]
It was a "state-of-the-art" training school for flight attendants, surpassing any and all other airline schools in the United States at that time. The training included being taught inside actual interiors of airplanes such as 747s, L-1011s, and others.
This included intense training of the flight attendants on food and beverage service and emergency procedures which included shimmying down a deflated ramp from 30 feet (9.1 m) to the ground from the plane's emergency door hatch. Not to mention the physical inspections which included weekly weigh-ins. There were modern classrooms, air-conditioned and well-lit with oval-type seating for the "book"-type learning.
Rooming facilities [ edit ]
The school was renowned for its flight attendant dormitories which were in "pods" with decorative themes such as "Africa", "Asia" and other regional themes. In the African theme, there were leopard skins, bows, and other African type objects on the walls of the living room "pod".
Each "pod" had a sunken living room; or "Common Area" with 10 individual dorm-type rooms for two student flight attendants. These "pods" were grouped so that you could easily visit each dorm room while walking a full circle. In the evenings, many of the flight attendants in their "pod" would converge into the common area room to mingle.
Graduation [ edit ]
At graduation for the flight attendants, the parents and visitors were invited to watch the graduation ceremony taking place on the school stage as the flight attendants accepted their "wings".
Breech Academy today [ edit ]
All structures have been converted to office buildings.
Main Building: Waddell & Reed Financial Management.
Dorm A: Higdon & Hale CPAs.
Dorm B: De Marche & Associates.
Dorm C: TMP Directional Marketing.
References [ edit ]
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
On Monday evening, Sen. Elizabeth Warren (D-Mass.) denounced GOP lawmakers for blocking an extension of federal unemployment insurance, which expired at the end of last year, and called on Congress to act immediately on behalf of the roughly 1.6 million Americans who depend on the benefits.
“Unemployment insurance is a critical lifeline for people who are trying their hardest and need a little help—a recognition that Wall Street and Washington caused the financial crisis, but Main Street is still paying the price,” Warren said in a speech on the Senate floor.
They added that it's hypocritical for Republicans to push for an extension of a package of mostly corporate tax breaks called “tax extenders” without offsetting the cost, but are demanding that aid for the unemployed be paid for. “Republicans line up to protect billions in tax breaks and subsidies for big corporations with armies of lobbyists,” the senator said, “but they can't find a way to help to struggle families trying to get back on their feet.”
Each year since the onset of the recession in 2008, Congress has re-authorized federal emergency unemployment benefits for the long-term jobless, which kick in after state unemployment benefits run out—usually after 26 weeks. The number of extra weeks of federal unemployment insurance has varied over the years, but last stood at 47 weeks.
The long-term unemployment rate—the percentage of those without a job for 27 weeks or longer—remains at record high levels, but Republicans in the House and Senate don't want to extend federal unemployment benefits unless they are offset by savings elsewhere. A Senate plan to renew the benefits failed a couple of weeks ago, because Republicans said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.) wouldn't allow them to amend the legislation to their liking. The upper chamber is now working on a new proposal that would pay for the $6-billion extension by temporarily increasing taxes on employers. But even if the Senate passes the measure, it is unclear whether House speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) will bring the bill up for a vote, according to Democratic House aides.
UPDATE, February 6, 2014: On Thursday, Senate Republicans successfully filibustered a Democratic bill that would have extended unemployment benefits for 3 months. The vote was 55-42, but Democrats needed 60 votes to advance the legislation.
The One Law Man lives in a dynamic, constantly changing universe. There is no static point in nature. The Law manifests in perpetual change, and behind this change is a plan of balance and order on a vast scale.
The Sevenfold Peace Human life can be divided into seven aspects, the physical, mental, emotional, social, cultural, its relationship with nature and its relationship with the cosmos.
Essene Manner of Instruction and Methods of Interpretation Compiled from ancient and contemporary sources.
The Essene Tree Of Life Man has appeared to realize, as far back as records exist, that they were surrounded by invisible forces. This mystical symbol which has been imbedded in almost every religion and occult teachings throughout history is called the Tree of Life.
Biblical Veganism Veganism is the conviction and practice of compassionate living. It is a way of living which excludes all forms of cruelty and exploitation of the animal kingdom and includes a reverence for life.
The Modes of Prayer The history, philosophy and practice of communication with God. Prayer is an offering of communication or praise to a God or other deities. The actual act of praying can take on many different forms. Most religions have certain forms that they recommend. There are also some specific forms that are forbidden.
The Sanctity of Nature The first principle of ahimsa is the doctrine of refraining from harming any living thing. It is the understanding that the natural world has been created for all life as a means for the spirit to experience the diversity of the physical.
What is Truth? Truth is an eternal process. It changes from awareness to awareness and is ever being created. It is the common denominator of all existence, but existence is constantly changing and evolving, and so must Truth.
The Three Paths of Truth There are three paths leading to Truth. The first is the path of the consciousness, the second is that of nature, and the third is that of accumulated experience.
Pairs of Opposites The Principles of Polarity. "Everything is dual; everything has poles; everything has its pair of opposites. Opposites are identical in nature but different in degree. With this understanding, all paradoxes may be reconciled."
The Planes of Correspondence As above, so below; as below, so above. There is a harmony, agreement, and correspondence between the several planes of Manifestation, Life and Being. All that is included in the Universe emanates from the same source, and the same laws, principles, and characteristics apply to each unit, or combination of units, as each manifests its own phenomena upon its own plane.
Cause and Effect The Principles of Karma. "Every Cause has its Effect; every Effect has its Cause; everything happens according to Law; Chance is but a name for Law not recognized; there are many planes of causation, but nothing escapes the Law."
The Eight Deadly Sins The struggle against the eight principal faults. A systematic treatise which details how to grow in virtue and combat vice. "It is not an external enemy whom we have to dread, for the real foe is within ourselves."
The Soul, its Origin, Nature, and Potentialities The soul, being in its nature eternal, passes from one form to another until, in its highest stage, it polarizes sufficiently to receive the spirit. It is in all organized things. Nothing of an organic nature exists without a soul. It is the individual, and it perishes if abandoned of the spirit.
The Difficulty of the Simplest Rule The sense of responsibility for one's actions grows as one progresses from stage to stage upon the Path of Evolution. In the early stages there is little or no responsibility. There is little or no knowledge, no sense of relationship to God, and very little sense of relationship to humanity.
Incarnation and Reincarnation An incarnation is the process whereby the non-physical essence of spirit is invested with bodily nature and form. It is a union of the physical plane of existence with the non-physical plane. Reincarnation is the re-cycling of the essence of the spirit into different physical forms in order to grow and extend the self beyond the present state of self.
The Holy Streams More than this cannot be told, for the Holy Streams will take you to that place where words are no more, and even the Holy Scrolls cannot record the mysteries.
A big checkbook, bigger buzz for 'Transparent' and now a push into movies as Jeff Bezos and studio chief Roy Price talk to THR about attracting Woody Allen, Ridley Scott and deep industry curiosity about its un-Hollywood way of doing business. "They don't want anything anybody else has," 'Transparent' creator Jill Soloway says. "They want stuff that really f--s up the status quo."
"Can I show you my Pinterest board?" offers Roy Price, holding out their iPhone. "This is how we develop shows on Amazon."
The head of Amazon Studios, the man Jeff Bezos has entrusted to turn the country's largest Internet retailer into an over-the-top content provider to rival Netflix and Hulu, is sitting in an Asian-inspired restaurant in Santa Monica sharing vintage photographs of Palm Springs. "I have notions for the show, but I don't write anything down," Price says with a laugh as they scroll through pictures of Robert Evans and Ali MacGraw in the California desert 50 years ago. "Writing stuff down is the old way. Get a hundred pictures that really capture it and put them on Pinterest and you don't have to pitch — you can just show people."
In other words, there's a pretty good chance a Palm Springs period piece will be streaming on Amazon sometime soon. "It's fully groovy," Price says of the era as they dig into their eggplant and tofu dish. They and Ted Hope, the independent film veteran who joined Amazon in January to head the company's ambitious push into original movies, have invited THR to lunch for their first extensive interview together.
Obviously, not all of Price's content is developed on their smartphone, but the creative process at Amazon Studios, along with everything else about the company, is a little different. It's one of the reasons Hollywood has eyed the streaming service with a bit of skepticism, even as it's won critical buzz (and two Golden Globes) for the dramedy Transparent and is writing the kind of top-of-the-market checks that lure such creators as Ridley Scott and Woody Allen. Transparent, starring Jeffrey Tambor as a transgender woman coming out to their children and ex-wife, is certain to snag Emmy nominations July 16 ahead of its season-two debut later this year. Of course, it's hard to know how many people actually are watching the shows via Amazon's Prime Instant Video, since, like Netflix, Amazon never releases viewership numbers. But there's no question that the company is making noise and being taken seriously.
Now, though, as Amazon.com celebrates 20 years in business, Price has a new mandate and an even larger challenge: Bring Amazon to the big screen. Hope, 52, has their work cut out for him. Amazon wants to acquire or produce 12 features a year, with budgets ranging from $5 million to $25 million, to be released theatrically and then, within a month or two, made available exclusively to Prime members (customers who pay $99 a year, mostly for free shipping on books, baby wipes, laundry detergent and other merchandise). The first of Amazon's films — Spike Lee's Chicago-set Lysistrata update, Chi-Raq — will have an awards-qualifying run in December, insiders say, to qualify for the 2015 Oscar race. "We're looking to make visionary work by visionary directors," says Hope, whose producing credits include The Brothers McMullen and The Ice Storm. Nods Price, "I would say The Imitation Game, Birdman and The Grand Budapest Hotel are all totally in the zone," they add. "Prestige titles, the kind of movie that isn't for the teenaged audience."
To put it another way, the kind of movie most likely to draw customers who will stick around after the film to buy socks and cat food — which is the whole reason Amazon got into the content business in the first place. "It's a way to drive people to spend more on the rest of their shopping cart," says BTIG media analyst Rich Greenfield. "It's all about keeping you in their ecosystem."
Bezos themselves explains the strategy with the clarity of a man who has made billions over the Internet (even if their company, with $89 billion in annual revenue and a market cap hovering around $200 billion, lost $214 million in 2014). "You can have the best technology, you can have the best business model, but if the storytelling isn't amazing, it won't matter," they tell THR in an interview. "Nobody will watch. And then you won't sell more shoes."
Price, 47, may dress like a Seattle web head — their usual uniform is dark jeans and a leather jacket, though during lunch he's trying out a more offbeat look (white slacks and a brown patterned shirt) — but he's a child of Hollywood. Their father was Frank Price, who ran Universal Pictures in the 1980s, and their grandfather was Roy Huggins, co-creator of The Rockford Files. They grew up in Beverly Hills and spent their early career at Disney, developing animated TV series, then knocked around for a while as a consultant until, in 2004, they moved their wife and three kids to Seattle to join Amazon's on-demand division. They moved departments in 2009 to spearhead the launch of Amazon Studios.
Unlike Netflix, which jumped head-first (and pocketbook-first) into originals with the $100 million House of Cards, Amazon Studios spent its first few years figuring out its originals strategy while operating as a crowdsourcing script service, soliciting screenplays from mostly unproduced writers. But in 2012, Price began building the studio's development team — hiring Joe Lewis to run comedy and Tara Sorensen to make children's shows — and commissioned Amazon's first slate of 14 TV pilots. Their big (and many thought nutty) idea was to release them online and let the public weigh in on which should be allowed to blossom into full series. But the first batch made few waves, yielding just two comedies, including Betas, a Silicon Valley series that lasted only 11 episodes.
As far as Hollywood was concerned, Amazon was the studio equivalent of community college. "It was my last choice," recalls Jill Soloway, the Six Feet Under writer who sold Amazon the Transparent pilot in 2013. They remember asking their agent why she'd want to pitch a TV show to the place "where I buy my paper towels." Two years later, the Transparent creator, who recently signed an overall deal with Amazon said to be worth $4 million a year, has changed their tune. "They don't want anything anybody else has," they gush. "They want stuff that really f—s up the status quo."
Naturally, there are skeptics. While Netflix's Ted Sarandos is seen as the quintessential numbers man, Hollywood looks at Price as a flashier, less consistent executive. They know their pop culture, peppering their conversations with obscure literary references: "Did you ever read Scruples? It's the best novel ever." But they have trouble articulating their creative strategy for their studio. Pressed on what sorts of projects he's looking for to round out their slate, they pause: "I can't get specific because then it would be like a formula, and we don't have that." They later concedes they would like to launch a genre series.
Price, who moved back to Los Angeles last year, has a Seattle style of doing business. In a town where sucking up is considered good manners, Amazon barely makes an effort, at most serving bagels to visiting talent during pitches. And with its small development team (Amazon won't disclose just how small), the outfit — which once operated out of a shared office with IMDb above a juice bar at the Sherman Oaks Galleria — runs more like a scrappy upstart than the well-funded content arm of a multibillion technology behemoth. There are no true offices, even for Price, so all meetings are taken in brightly colored conference rooms. Executives prefer to email rather than call — "I really only take like three phone calls a day," the head of the studio boasts. "Roy gets things done and they pay the bills," says WME partner and co-head of the agency's TV department Ari Greenburg. "He's a little quirky; they have a personality. As the big studios and networks get more and more corporate, it's fun working with somebody who has their taste and persona."
But there have been a couple high-profile kerfuffles. Chris Carter, creator of The X-Files, saw their sci-fi series The After canceled by Amazon just before it went into production (sources say there were creative differences). In May, Woody Allen caused a stir at the Cannes Film Festival when they said they "regretted every second since I said OK" to directing and writing a TV series for Amazon (although they made clear they thought the executives were "nice people and I don't want to disappoint them"). Lewis raised some eyebrows at the Globes in January when they were spotted taking a photo of the audience while onstage at the Beverly Hilton, something the head of comedy at Netflix or HBO probably wouldn't do.
All of it taken together has given the studio a reputation for being a band of outsiders, unwilling to abide by the traditions and codes that have ruled the entertainment industry for decades. "They didn't come here to conform to Hollywood," says Carlton Cuse, who admires Amazon even though their Civil War pilot, Point of Honor, was passed over after last January's viewer voting. "They came here and brought their own culture. They believe strongly that they can use their culture and methodology to be successful in the television business in the same way they've been successful in other businesses."
Amazon founder and CEO Jeff Bezos
Maybe they can. Top talent, after all, will follow the money and the audience, no matter what kind of snacks are served at meetings. And Amazon is growing. Bezos insists subscribers to Prime have jumped 53 percent in the past year (he declines to provide more specific numbers). In January, an independent analysis by Consumer Intelligence Research Partners estimated that there were about 40 million Prime subscribers, slightly more than Netflix's 38 million U.S. subs, although not all Prime members stream video. A report this spring from Nielsen calculated that about 13 percent of U.S. households do stream content from Prime Instant Video, double Hulu's numbers but still far behind Netflix's 36 percent.
Amazon also has a ton of cash, and it isn't shy about spending it. The studio typically budgets its TV series at $2 million to $4 million an episode, but has been known to go much higher (the pilot for Scott's dystopian drama The Man in the High Castle, which was picked up in January and impressed the geeks at Comic-Con, cost closer to $12 million, according to sources). And it's attracting big-name talent as a result. Among the next batch of TV pilots coming to Amazon, there's a Lynda Obst-produced drama set at Newsweek in the 1970s and a David E. Kelley legal drama, The Trial, that would have been given a series order if Kevin Costner signed on for the lead, but they didn't, despite Amazon offering the star what sources say was $500,000 an episode.
While talent agents love the big upfront commitments Amazon is making and the hands-off oversight, they worry that the company, like Netflix, hasn't fully defined its business model, which could prevent a series from being sold into syndication, where the real money is made. "The upside is they are spending big money and they encourage creative freedom. Their content is truly a reflection of the creator's vision," says ICM Partners founding partner Chris Silbermann, who praises Price for putting Amazon on the map in Hollywood. "The only question is, 'What is the true value of the backend?' In a world where history repeats itself, these were the questions we were asking at the early days of HBO and Showtime, and those turned out pretty well."
Making TV shows is one thing; making movies is another. As Amazon expands, it will face hostile forces it's never had to deal with before. For instance, theater owners aren't thrilled with Amazon's plan to put new releases online after only a month or two in theaters (traditional releases take nine to 12 months to make it to the small screen). It's also not a popular idea with filmmakers, who generally prefer longer theatrical legs, especially for the sort of specialty films Amazon is talking about making. (Imitation Game, for instance, played in cinemas for five months as it expanded nationally. It might not have had a chance to build — and make it to the Oscars — if it had been yanked out of theaters after only eight weeks.)
Price and Hope emphasize that unlike Netflix, which is planning concurrent digital and theatrical releases, every Amazon movie will play in cinemas first. "We are 100 percent committed to theatrical and are confident we'll have films playing in 500 to 1,000 theaters," Hope says. "We'll find a way to make it work." They won't discuss their upcoming slate, but sources say the Spike Lee project will be joined by Elvis & Nixon, a historical drama about the relationship between Richard Nixon (Kevin Spacey) and Elvis Presley (Michael Shannon); a Jim Jarmusch movie; and Terry Gilliam's The Man Who Killed Don Quixote (about an ad exec transported back in time). The studio might end up picking the domestic rights to Eleanor Coppola's Bonjour Anne, a romance starring Diane Lane and Nicolas Cage. The slate reflects Hope's taste and suggests Amazon won't follow Netflix's lead and make $80 million Adam Sandler movies, instead targeting the art house (and, not coincidentally, the book-buying) crowd.
Does Amazon know what it's doing? Probably as much as anyone in Hollywood, and unlike many, it is willing to experiment and take chances. "We need Amazon to succeed," says Greenburg. "The television business functions best when you have competition. If we only have one SVOD player, we have a problem."
As Price polishes off their lunch, he's had another idea about Palm Springs in the 1960s. "It doesn't have to stay in Palm Springs," they say. "Sometimes they could come to Beverly Hills. It could be some kind of family soap. Think Dallas, fully updated." They pause for a second and changes their mind. "No, don't think Dallas. I didn't say that."
Pamela McClintock contributed to this report.
SOURCE: Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Each gun represents 100 deaths by firearm in 2010.
Gun violence, when most Americans imagine it, is what happens when one person shoots another. We picture turf wars between gangs, abusive husbands turning on their wives, armed robbers punishing their victims, mass murderers opening fire on defenseless people. When we talk about how to reduce gun violence in America, what we overwhelmingly think about is preventing murder.
But murder is not the kind of gun violence that kills the most Americans.
In 2010, the last year for which complete numbers are available, the number of gun deaths by suicide in the United States outnumbered homicides 19,392 to 11,078. If you add up all American gun deaths that year, including accidents, 3 out of 5 people who died from gunshot wounds took their own lives. Those figures are not an anomaly: With just a few exceptions, the majority of gun deaths in the United States have been self-inflicted every year since at least 1920. This is a startling fact, and one that forces us to realize that, no matter what we may believe about the Second Amendment, the debate over how to reduce the death toll from guns is, to a great extent, a debate about suicide prevention.
Advertisement
“A lot of people, when they think about guns and violence—suicide is just kind of off the radar screen,” said Daniel Webster, the director of the Center for Gun Policy and Research at Johns Hopkins University. Webster added: “People think about the gun problem as something that someone else is going to do to them.”
Get Today in Opinion in your inbox: Globe Opinion's must-reads, delivered to you every Sunday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
With President Obama's call for tighter gun laws working its way through Washington, and a national debate over gun rights underway, public health researchers around the country are making the argument that the issue of suicide should be a much larger part of the discussion. To reduce gun deaths as they really happen, they say, will mean not just fighting crime or keeping firearms out of the hands of potential killers, but trying to minimize the number of people who have access to guns during their darkest hours.
At the heart of this argument is the idea that the vast majority of people who have committed suicide by shooting themselves would have stayed alive if they had not been easily able to pick up a gun. This can be a difficult premise to process. First, it goes against a common intuition about suicide: that someone who wants to end their or their life will find a way to do it by any means necessary. Second, it presents a destabilizing challenge to both sides of the gun control
debate, which have traditionally drawn their emotional power from people's fear of murder.
But if the reckoning our country has been engaged in since the Newtown tragedy is driven primarily by a desire to save lives, experts say, it's time to recognize that in the majority of cases, the people doing the shooting are also the ones who are dying.
***
For Cathy Barber, a researcher at the Harvard School of Public Health, suicide became a priority in 1999, while they were engaged in a dark, emotionally draining task related to a research project on violent death. The project centered on a massive database tracking the circumstances under which people are killed, and Barber was reading through thumbnail summaries of violent deaths—thousands of them—that had taken place around the country.
Advertisement
At the time, their work focused on homicide and domestic abuse. But as they looked at the stories they and their team had collected, they realized that when it came to gun deaths, they were reading mostly about people who had taken their own lives. “The stories were so filled with despair and misery, but the seeds of hope were in them, too,” Barber said. “I kept thinking, ‘So many of these seem preventable.'”
Today Barber directs a suicide-prevention campaign at Harvard called Means Matter, intended to promote the notion that how people commit suicide is just as important as why—and that making it harder for suicidal people to get access to guns is a relatively simple way to save their lives.
The figures are stark. According to the National Center for Health Statistics, more people kill themselves with guns than with all other methods combined. One study found that in a group of adolescents in Pittsburgh who died by committing suicide, 72 percent lived in households with guns; among adolescents who attempted suicide but survived, that number was 37 percent. Another found that across the United States, people who committed suicide in a given year were 17 times as likely to have lived in homes with guns as people who did not. Another found that the 238,292 people in California who bought a gun in 1991 committed suicide at more than four times the rate of the general population.
At a summit on gun violence held at Johns Hopkins this past week, Harvard professor Matthew Miller presented a comparison of people living in “high-gun states,” where there are firearms in approximately 50 percent of homes, with those living in “low-gun states,” where that number is around 15 percent. Looking at these two groups of people side by side, Miller showed that they had similar rates of depression and suicidal thoughts, as well as similar rates of suicide that did not involve firearms, like hanging and poisoning. But the number of people who died by shooting themselves was almost four times greater in the high-gun states. In total, there were almost twice as many suicides among people living in high-gun states as there were in low-gun states.
Based on these and other similar studies, public health researchers have rallied around a striking conclusion: Merely having a gun in one's home increases the likelihood that someone living there will commit suicide by a factor of two to ten, depending on age and how the gun is stored.
Advertisement
This is, on its face, a perplexing idea. It also has a few detractors, such as criminologist Gary Kleck of Florida State University, who has questioned the methods of public health researchers, and argued that they are not taking into account the possibility that gun-owners are more likely to commit suicide for reasons that have nothing to do with their access to guns. (“He's just plain wrong about this,” said Miller in an e-mail. “In fact, we do know that gun owners and their families are not more suicidal, in general, than are non-gun-owners and their families.”)
In the public-health community, researchers have widely come to regard it as a basic truth that access to a gun makes it more likely that someone who wants to commit suicide actually manages to do so. A big part of the reason is simply the lethality of guns: Studies show that between 85 and 90 percent of people who shoot themselves die as a result, while the percentage of people who die using other means is vastly lower. Alan Berman, executive director of the American Association of Suicidology, points out that guns, unlike other methods, leave people no time to change their minds. They also require less preparation and planning, provided they're accessible.
“To some people, it's just totally counterintuitive, because it's so obvious that if you want to kill yourself, you can always find something else to kill yourself with,” said Barber. “What they assume is that once you're suicidal, you remain suicidal.” But a preponderance of evidence, including interviews with suicide survivors, indicates that most suicidal acts come during a surprisingly short period during which the person is suffering an acute crisis.
“When you ask people who've made attempts and survived,” Miller said, “even attempts that are life threatening and would have proved lethal [without emergency medical care], what they say is, ‘It was an impulsive act, and I'm glad that I'm alive.'”
The central insight for public health researchers is that a lot of lives could be saved simply by making sure that people don't have access to an extremely lethal weapon during that high-risk period. One striking illustration of this principle can be seen in the experience of the Israeli Defense Forces, which saw a 40 percent drop in suicides after a new rule was introduced forbidding soldiers from taking their guns home with them over the weekend. Though some soldiers may have tried to kill themselves using some less lethal method instead, it appears that scores of lives were saved.
***
In the months since the shootings in Newtown and Aurora, Colo., the debate over how to reduce gun violence in the United States has centered on improving background checks and imposing restrictions against assault weapons. But public health researchers focused on suicide prevention tend to take a different tack. “I don't work on gun control issues,” said Cathy Barber. “It's fine with me that other people do....But a third or more of people in the United States have a gun at home, and they're valuable to them, and it doesn't seem useful to me to ostracize them for their decisions....It just seems more useful to say, ‘OK, that's what we're dealing with.'”
One thing that reduces the likelihood that people will impulsively shoot themselves, public health researchers have found, is mandatory gun locks and proper gun storage, which increase the amount of time that passes after a person decides to commit suicide and actually has a loaded gun in hand. “Every minute you can delay them increases the chance that they might survive,” said David Litts, the executive secretary of the National Action Alliance for Suicide Prevention.
Another avenue that's been identified is what's known among public health researchers as the social norms approach. David Hemenway, director of the Harvard Injury Control Research Center and author of “Private Guns, Public Health,” sees a parallel in the successful antidrunk-driving campaigns of the 1980s and '90s (“Friends don't let friends drive drunk”). Lives could be saved, they believe, if it was considered socially acceptable, when a friend or family member is dealing with some serious stress in life—like job loss or divorce—to ask them to get rid of their guns temporarily.
Working with a group called the New Hampshire Firearm Safety Coalition, researchers at Harvard have started trying to promote this kind of thinking by convincing owners of gun shops in New Hampshire to distribute materials asking customers to be attentive to signs of emotional distress among their fellow gun owners, and to consider taking their guns away when they're having a particularly hard time. “It's a caring message—it's not an antigun message,” said Barber. “What I'm hoping is it lights a spark—what I'd love to see is five years from now...the 11th commandment of firearm safety is, ‘If a loved one is at risk for suicide, keep firearms away from them.'”
Does such a campaign have a place in the current debate over how to stop gun violence? According to Josh Sugarmann, executive director of the Violence Policy Center, a group that promotes stricter gun control laws, it should, but doesn't—and that on more than one occasion they have heard people say that when it comes to tallying gun deaths, “suicides don't count.”
“It's remarkable how many people discount suicide, as if there's nothing that can be done about it,” said John Rosenthal, the Boston developer behind the group Stop Handgun Violence, which funds the antigun billboard on the Mass. Pike. They cited one study suggesting that the vast majority of firearm suicides among youth are committed with guns owned by a family member. “Talk about low-hanging fruit.”
But for most people, the possibility that someone they love or they themselves will die by suicide feels much more remote, and less urgent, than the risk of getting shot by an armed robber or a mass murderer like Adam Lanza. As Garen Wintemute, a public health researcher specializing in firearm violence at University of California-Davis, said, “The debate is focused around the threats that people see to themselves, and that only makes sense.”
Yet it's important not to lose sight of the fact that, even though large-scale atrocities like Newtown are the ones that force us to confront gun violence as a nation, the opportunity to save lives may be greatest in the steady drip of private tragedies that take place every day—one by one, and out of the public eye.
“The whole point is you've got innocent people getting killed either way,” said Berman. “These are people who could be helped.”
Correction: Because of incorrect information provided to the Globe, an earlier version of a graphic with this story misidentified the relative rates of gun ownership in New Hampshire and Iowa. New Hampshire is not a low-gun state; Iowa is not a high-gun state.
Leon Neyfakh is the staff writer for Ideas. E-mail lneyfakh@globe.com
China is maintaining ballistic missile bases in its northeastern territories, all equipped with missiles capable of reaching U.S. bases in the Pacific including Okinawa, according to a report posted on the Federation of American Scientists (FAS) website.The bases may explain Beijing's strident opposition to the deployment of a U.S.-made anti-missile defense system in South Korea, as its presence could hamper China's missile striking capabilities if conflict broke out on the Korean Peninsula.The presence of the U.S.-operated Terminal High Altitude Area Defense (Thaad) system in South Korea could thwart Beijing's attempt to attack U.S. ships ferrying soldiers to the peninsula with long-range ballistic missiles, analysts say.In northeastern China, the People's Liberation Army operates ballistic missile bases in Tonghua in Jilin Province, close to the North Korean border; Dengshahe in Liaoning Province; in Laiwu in Shantung Province; in Tangshan in Hebei Province; and in an area in close proximity to Beijing.The Dongfeng series of ballistic missiles that China is operating includes the DF-3, DF-21 and DF-15 - all capable of carrying nuclear warheads. The DF-3 has a range of 3,000 kilometers (1,864 miles) while the DF-21 can hit targets within a range of 2,000 kilometers. The DF-15 has a shorter range of between 600 and 900 kilometers. According to the FAS report entitled “New FAS Nuclear Notebook: Chinese Nuclear Forces,” satellite imagery taken in April 2016 “shows three DF-21 launchers positioned on the launch pads,” which it described as a “transition from DF-3A in 2003.”A U.S. Department of Defense's annual report for Congress on the Chinese military released last April stated that DF-3s and DF-21s are on launch pads with an aim to strike U.S. military bases in Guam and Okinawa. The Pentagon also took note of an upgrade in Chinese missile striking capabilities over the past 10 years.“As recently as 10 years ago, several hundred short-range ballistic missiles could reach targets in Taiwan, but China had only a rudimentary capability to strike many other locations within or beyond the first island chain, such as U.S. bases in Okinawa or Guam,” the Pentagon said in its report. “Today, however, China is fielding an array of conventionally armed short-range ballistic missiles (SRBMs), as well as ground and air-launched land-attack cruise missiles (LACMs), special operations forces (SOF), and cyber warfare capabilities to hold targets at risk throughout the region.”China's missile base presence near its border with North Korea has raised speculation among analysts that they could help Beijing interfere in a crisis on the peninsula just as China did in the winter of 1950 at the height of the Korean War.The Thaad battery in South Korea could intercept long-range ballistic missiles in the air headed for U.S. bases in the Pacific to stop the U.S. from dispatching troops to the peninsula in case of a conflict. For a ballistic missile to hit Okinawa from China, it must fly over the Korean Peninsula, which will be covered by Thaad from Seongju County, North Gyeongsang, where the advanced missile defense system will be deployed by the end of next year. For a missile intended to hit U.S. bases in Guam, China could make it evade airspace covered by Thaad by changing launch locations. DF-15s, with a maximum range of 900 kilometers, fall into the interception coverage of Thaad. “China has positioned its ballistic missiles toward the Korean Peninsula, Okinawa and Guam because of its commitment to intervene in times of a crisis on the peninsula stemming from the North's collapse or provocation,” said a military official. “It is much more than a simple arms race with the U.S.”BY KIM MIN-SEOK, KANG JIN-KYU [kang.jinkyu@joongang.co.kr]
Someone Claiming To Be Flappy Bird's Creator Just Sent A Ridiculous Cease & Desist To Moderator Of Flappy Birds Subreddit
from the mandatory-Flappy-Birds-post-delivered,-allowing-Techdirt-to-stay-on-the-Internet dept
For awhile it looked as though Techdirt might be one of the last holdouts to offer an opinion on the short-lived but incredibly intense Flappy Bird craze. Or at the very least, it looked as though we might avoid using the game's name in the headline. But those days are behind us now because someone (possibly the creator) has managed to steer the phenomenon right into our wheelhouse with a thoroughly misguided and inaccurate copyright-related legal threat.
For the three of you (Hi, Grandma!) who have managed to avoid the complete saturation of Flappy Bird into every media outlet, here's a very brief recap.
Vietnam-based indie developer Dong Nguyen had created several basic mobile games, but nothing really caught on until Flappy Bird. The infuriating game tasks users with steering a bird through some Mario-esque pipes in search of points. It's a tough game -- hard, unfair and not very rewarding. But it is (or was, more on that in a bit) extremely popular. A score that nudges into the hundreds column is considered godlike.
After Flappy Bird blew up, Nguyen reportedly was pulling in $50,000 a day from ad revenue. At that point, the creator began to hate their creation and, quite unexpectedly, killed it off rather than endure everything that comes with completely unexpected fame (including, but not limited to, hateful comments from frustrated gamers, an increasing amount of people who knew they had loads of money and were looking for a cut and the pressure to somehow top himself). So, on Feb. 9th, Nguyen deleted their game from iTunes and Google Play.
This screaming void was soon filled by people hawking used phones with installed (and suddenly "rare") copies of Flappy Bird on eBay and about a million clones and reskins, the latter resulting in Google and Apple now promptly rejecting anything Flappy Bird-esque that's submitted to its app stores.
Now, out of the blue, the redditor who started the r/FlappyBird subreddit has received a C&D from "Dong_Nguyen_Legal." Here's the notice in full (line breaks inserted to break wall of text]:
CEASE AND DESIST DEMAND
In accordance with Title 17 of the United States Code and International Copyright Standards February 14, 2014 Re: Flappy Bird To the owner of Reddit, /r/FlappyBird[3] :
This communication details a cease and desist notice by Dong Nguyen. If you are represented by legal counsel, please direct this letter to your attorney immediately and have your attorney notify me of such representation. I am writing to notify you that your unlawful copying of my Graphics and Names: 'Flappy Bird' infringes upon my exclusive copyrights. Accordingly, you are hereby directed to CEASE AND DESIST ALL COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT. I am the owner of a copyright in various aspects of Flappy Bird.
Under United States copyright law, my copyrights have been in effect since the date that Flappy Bird was created. All copyrightable aspects of Flappy Bird are copyrighted under the United States copyright law. It has come to my attention that you have been copying Flappy Bird. I have copies of your unlawful copies to preserve as evidence. Your actions constitute copyright infringement in violation of the United States's copyright laws. Under 17 U.S.C. 504###, the consequences of copyright infringement include statutory damages of up to $30,000 per work, and damages of up to $150,000 per work for willful infringement.
If you continue to engage in copyright infringement after receiving this letter, your actions will be evidence of "willful infringement." Based upon the foregoing, I demand that you immediately (i) cease and desist your unlawful duplication of Flappy Bird and (ii) promptly communicate your assurance within ten (10) days that you will cease and desist from further infringement of my copyrighted works. If you do not comply with this cease and desist demand within this time period, I am entitled to use your failure to comply as evidence of "willful infringement" and seek monetary damages and equitable relief for your copyright infringement. In the event you fail to meet this demand, please be advised that I will contemplate pursuing all available legal remedies, including seeking monetary damages, injunctive relief, and an order that you pay court costs and attorney's fees. Your liability and exposure under such legal action could be considerable.
Before taking these steps, however, I wish to give you one opportunity to discontinue your illegal conduct by complying with this demand within ten (10) days. Accordingly, please reply to this email within ten (10) days with your acceptance of the attached Agreement. The foregoing is without waiver of any and all rights of myself, all of which are expressly reserved herein. If you or your attorney have any questions, please contact me directly. Sincerely, Dong Nguyen
Now, before we get to the speculation as to who is actually behind this, let's deal with the C&D itself. Nguyen claims this redditor has unlawfully copied Flappy Bird's "graphics and name." The subreddit does indeed use the iconic "Flappy Bird" and is named after the game, but those would be more actionable as trademarks than copyright. Here's the offending banner from the r/FlappyBird subreddit. (The cached version shows the same graphics and text.)This would appear to be nothing more than use of the name (and bird pic) in the nominative sense, something that's generally considered to be fair use. On the copyright front, there's no registered copyright for Flappy Bird in the US, which would make it difficult for Nguyen to pursue infringement. Nguyen specifically cites US copyright law, which wouldn't apply if there's no registration in the states (specifically, the cited statutory damages). Without a valid registered copyright, Nguyen would have to prove actual damages which would be pretty tough to do considering the app was voluntarily deletedbefore the subreddit came into existence.If Nguyen's trying to go the trademark route, they run into a similar problem. There are currently seven pending applications for "Flappy Bird," none of which appear to be filed by them or on their behalf. (The TESS link will expire, so here's a screenshot of the search results.) So there's really no claim there, either.Beyond those two issues, there's also a problem with the next several accusations, which all seem to indicate Nguyen is chasing unauthorized duplication of their game, something that's clearly not happening in this subreddit.There's always the possibility that the redditor is cloning Flappy Bird, but if so, this C&D was sent to the wrong place and cites the wrong entity. The C&D was sentto the moderator/creator of r/FlappyBird andthat subreddit more than once. It could be that Nguyen (or whoever's representing him) has mistaken the gathered Flappy Bird screenshots, fan art and links to various clones asduplications of their program, but most likely this isn't the case. Nguyen's a long-time app developer. It would be hard to believe they can't differentiate between a screenshot and an infringing copy.So that takes us to the question of who's actually behind this C&D.Dong Nguyen actually seems to be the least likely person to have sent this out. He's already yanked the game (for being "too addictive") and has been working hard to distance themselves from its viral success. Their Twitter account has been silent since Feb. 8th , save for a single, short response to suicide rumors.If they were going to try to flex some IP muscle, they have had plenty of opportunity to do so over the past week. The flood of clones to mobile gaming outlets would have given them several legal targets and any number of fan-crafted homages (artwork, websites, etc.) would have utilized far more "copyrighted" material than this subreddit does. They generally seem honestly uninterested in anything other than following their own muse, which explains why they would willingly delete an app that was generating an absurd amount of money.Now, there could be someone (badly) representing Nguyen who is attempting to pry some cash out of unsuspecting Flappy Bird fans. Like anyone else who suddenly comes into money, Nguyen has probably found themselves surrounded with people offering to handle their finances and tackle their legal issues. These sorts of people will probably fare no better than the uncle-of-a-friend who talks themselves into a job as a financial advisor for any NBA/NFL phenom -- the kind that only prove how fast they can run through someone else's money. This theory would explain the complete cluelessness of the C&D.The third theory is that this is just a (slightly advanced) form of trolling. Someone's just tossing out wholly implausible C&Ds and enjoying the small ripples that result. The internet's a big place, and Dong_Nguyen_Legal could literally be anybody… except (most likely) for Dong Nguyen himself.As it stands now, the recipient of this notice has 10 days (from Feb. 15th) to comply without facing any further legal trouble. (We have to read the notice as straight to read the previous sentence without laughing.) From the looks of the subreddit, nothing has changed. Nor should it. The infringement level here (trademarkcopyright) is so low as to be unnoticeable. If this is serious, and some misguided legal rep is preparing to drag Dong Nguyen into an almost unwinnable legal battle, they or they have picked the wrong fight and very certainly the wrong opponent.
Filed Under: cease and decist, dong nguyen, flappy bird
Companies: reddit
/game/client/ges
/game/server/ges
/game/shared/ges
This is it folks. I am pulling the trigger (finally)!As of today, GoldenEye: Source is now an open source project. I have uploaded our entire code base onto GitHub. This code base aligns with SDK 2013 from Valve and v4.2.4 that was last released (with minor improvements).All our main code base is under the following folders:It is still in a pretty rough state since porting over to SDK 2013. There is a lot of work to be done still, but there it is. I will accept pull requests for capability and bug fixes, but not for added features or major revisions of code. Please use GitHub's issue tracker for any known issues you would like to see resolved.Look forward to an updated contribution and usage license coming soon as well as a list of Valve files we have modified to suit our needs.
By Jonathan Lis
Theresa May has over the last 18 months demonstrated that they enjoy a good farce. But last Friday they appeared to have abandoned some of the slapstick in favour of the national interest when they signed up to a joint report in Brussels which finally recognised the consequences, and necessity, of retaining an open Irish border. That was never going to keep us entertained for long, so the state-of-the-nation Carry On film was once again broadcasting in time for the Sunday politics shows.
In a week of chaos, David Davis and Michael Gove have fallen over themselves to assail our credibility and infuriate our partners, May has continued to speak indecipherable nonsense about future negotiations, and the government has desperately tried, and failed, to stop parliamentarians taking back control of the Brexit process. May could have been returning to Brussels today with a semblance of strength, seriousness and purpose. Instead they begin the European Council summit in a wearily familiar state of disarray.
The rot had already set in by the time the prime minister arrived in the Commons on Monday afternoon. The UK-EU phase one agreement had only been alive for three days but had already been traduced, misrepresented and dismissed by various Cabinet ministers. Gove had suggested that we could in the future diverge on regulation, in direct contradiction of the agreement's terms; while Davis told Andrew Marr that the deal was not 'enforceable', and that without a deal, we wouldn't pay our financial commitments either. Government officials helpfully provided additional petrol for the wintry fireplaces by apparently telling Gove and Boris Johnson that the deal was 'meaningless'.
All of this has gone down as expected with the Irish government and senior figures in Brussels, who pointed out that they would hold us to the deal. The alternative is no deal at all. May had some explaining to do. Given that clarity, insight and plain speaking have generally not been identified as their key strengths, it was perhaps no surprise they did their best not to meet low expectations.
Over the course of 100 minutes, the prime minister tried hard not to say anything of substance. Difficult questions were mostly ignored or kicked into the long grass now known as 'phase two of the negotiations'. They trotted out the usual idiocies, such as "leaving the EU means leaving the single market and customs union" (it actually just means leaving the EU), and added some new stock phrases as well - in particular "nothing is agreed until everything is agreed". The EU uses this phrase to remind the UK that it will not be able to duck vital commitments in order to get a final deal. Now it seems May is deploying it to titillate hard Brexiteers with the notion we may abandon Friday's compromises for the serenity of the cliff-edge after all. Astonishingly, at one point they repeated, unprompted, the old suicidal mantra that "no deal is better than a bad deal".
Them initial statement clung to the wording of the Friday agreement like a tightrope-walker trying to fend off vertigo. There was the ludicrous sub-Orwellian language about an 'implementation period', even though we only need it as we will have nothing to implement, and then the desperate 'nothing-has-changed' protest that they have remained consistent since the Lancaster House speech, even though the government had since changed its stance on every issue from money and negotiation sequencing to the transition and future regulation.
Jeremy Corbyn, to their credit, struck some decent blows in their response, and asked particularly good questions about the precise nature of 'full regulatory alignment'. Crucially, they further highlighted the government's idiocy in sticking to the exit date of 29 March 2019 when it was clear "the whole country would rather get the best deal a little bit later if it meant a better deal". The Article 50 extension cat is now fully out of the Labour bag - as it needs to be.
May's response was absurd. They mocked the Labour party's numerous stances on Brexit, as though it was preferable to deliver an initial pledge to jump out of the window than change one's mind and gradually retreat from the ledge. Insanely, they declared that it was impossible to change the exit date as "that was what the British people voted for" - as though the electorate had, first, opted for a specific date on the ballot paper, and second, insisted upon that date, even if it guaranteed them misery.
Hilariously, May levelled accusations at Corbyn that a psychologist could only have deemed projection. Their Brexit, apparently, would mean "following EU rules with no say on them" and "no divergence from EU rules in the future". They apparently had not read the agreement on Friday which effectively subordinated the UK to EU regulations affecting Northern Ireland in perpetuity, without any formal seat at the table in deciding them. Them jibe that Corbyn "would not make a success of Brexit, it would be no Brexit at all" may indeed prove more prescient - and closer to home - than they imagine.
There were commendable interventions from some of the gathered MPs. The reliably excellent Ken Clarke pointed to the extraordinary situation of the government entering into a treaty-like agreement and then immediately questioning whether it was bound by it. The SNP's Ian Blackford repeated the Irish deputy prime minister's statement that the "commitments must be upheld in all circumstances".
But it was Ed Miliband who addressed the crux of the government's contradiction: how the regulatory autonomy May was proclaiming could be reconciled with the regulatory alignment demanded by Friday's agreement. May's answer seemed not to understand the deal: they declared, once again, that there was a 'guarantee' of no border, and then immediately afterwards stated that "in any trade agreement, a decision will be taken as to those rules and regulations on which we wish to operate on the same basis". Those positions remain as mutually incompatible this week as they were last week. If the agreement demands full alignment on issues pertaining to the all-island economy and Good Friday Agreement, then those decisions have already been taken. Parliament will be unable to determine its own regulations unless it chooses to breach the deal with the EU.
Theresa May mouths "for goodness' sake" at Ed Miliband question on regulatory alignment pic.twitter.com/iycpYINM2T — Esther Webber (@estwebber) December 11, 2017
A couple of commendable items emerged from the debate - although really they were the bare minimum. May be confirmed, for example, that pensions for UK citizens abroad would continue. But mostly they delivered more of the same magical thinking that had briefly landed to earth on Friday morning and then immediately resumed flight. They reiterated, in particular, that a full trade agreement, rather than a bare outline, could be negotiated by October. In other words, the prime minister still believes the deal their own Brexit Secretary dubbed 'as complicated as the moon landing' could be wrapped up in just ten months. They also affirmed that we would sign trade deals and "Northern Ireland will benefit" from them - which might come as news to the officials in Brussels who had just seen them commit Northern Ireland (and the UK) to align with the EU on tariffs. None of this makes us look credible or trustworthy in Brussels.
May confirmed the fear that they would not pay our financial obligations in the event of no-deal - seemingly untroubled that this would almost certainly lead to a case against us at the International Court of Justice, and more importantly shred any reputation for fairness and honest dealing at a time when we most needed international goodwill and investment. After May said that the financial offer depended on a deal being reached, they instantly declared that Britain was a country that honoured its commitments. They were unable to explain how we might honour those commitments if simultaneously threatening not to honour them. They were also unable to confirm that a no-deal scenario would preserve citizens' rights.
The greatest conundrum on Monday was May's language about the single market and customs union. It was in some ways quietly revealing. They occasionally referred to the 'EU single market' and 'EU customs union', perhaps suggesting that outside the EU we might simply be in 'a' single market and 'a' customs union. They pointedly also declined to rule out aligning with the EU's external tariff, despite being prompted to do so by Conservative Desmond Swayne. The good news for Remainers is that, if May is preparing to keep us in the single market and customs union after 2019 while denying it and giving it another name, we can also have a permanent soft Brexit in the single market and customs union while calling it hard, global or red-white-and-blue. More likely, they are deliberately fudging the issue until the unstoppable force of reality has its final reckoning with British cakeism sometime next year.
In the meantime, of course, they have to deal with the restlessness both of their EU counterparts and backbenchers. Donald Tusk this week described 'a furious race against time' to complete the second phase of negotiations, while the European Parliament, which has to endorse the final deal, specifically condemned David Davis's dismissive remarks in its latest resolution. Officials are now insisting that the UK translate the joint report into law as soon as possible - in the words of one figure, to 'make it David Davis-proof'.
This is the moment an opposition teller took their place on the outside of the dispatch box, signalling the government had lost pic.twitter.com/FFJP1SdFir — Esther Webber (@estwebber) December 13, 2017
Which of course brings us to the parliamentary events of yesterday evening. The success of Dominic Grieve's amendment 7 was a personal triumph, and a welcome victory for parliamentary sovereignty which ruthlessly exposed the Brexiteers' deceit over 'taking back control'. Substantively, however, it changes relatively little. MPs can use the 'meaningful vote' to reject the final deal, but they cannot force the government to change its approach - which would be a necessary pre-condition for renegotiating terms with the EU. That would leave the options of a cliff-edge or Article 50 revocation, neither of which May would realistically entertain. It would be an epic shambles, while the alternative endorsement of a terrible deal would be an economic catastrophe.
In the short term, the most important effect of Grieve's amendment was to display the government's parliamentary weakness and incompetence. The decent result on Friday cannot conceal the government's hubris or lack of understanding. May does not grasp the concerns in Brussels or on the Tory backbenches; and they either does not know what they signed up to in the joint report, or cannot fathom how to be honest about it. They could have chosen pragmatism in the six days since the agreement, but instead has reverted to authoritarian, cakeist type, with predictable consequences.
The one consolation of Brexit is the knowledge that future historians will find it so puzzling, fascinating and useful. Never before has a world power elected to amputate various limbs in front of its horrified friends, half-heartedly glue some of them back together at those friends' behest, and re-sever them immediately afterwards. Nor has it reacted with such fury to some of its own parliamentarians offering a couple of bandages. Will the students of Britain's collapse try to find meaning and strategy in this chaos? Or will they simply watch the events of the last week and conclude our so-called leaders simply had no idea what they were doing or why?
Jonathan Lis is a deputy director of the think tank British Influence, which researches the impacts of Brexit. They specialise in diplomacy, foreign and security policy and the single market.
The opinions in politics.co.uk's Comment and Analysis section are those of the author and are no reflection of the views of the website or its owners.
Rank: On the Podium
#7 Posted : Monday, December 12, 2016 6:56:34 PM(UTC) Originally Posted by: ANTiGFX Originally Posted by: Dewstain Man, this place is even more dead than it was for FM6...
True story, seems most of the action is over on Reddit but even that is not too active. Only way to make credits in the game is winning weeklys and get featured. I think they need to at least let us sell paints and tunes at our own prices. And the storefront is really halfassed, looks like an afterthought. True story, seems most of the action is over on Reddit but even that is not too active. Only way to make credits in the game is winning weeklys and get featured. I think they need to at least let us sell paints and tunes at our own prices. And the storefront is really halfassed, looks like an afterthought.
Yeah, my storefront lists two liveries for the same car. The livery isn't even saved on my Xbox anymore, I deleted it to try to clean the storefront. Hilariously unintuitive.
FH4 Liveries |
FM7 Liveries | Tunes Available, Search Criteria: DEW Yeah, my storefront lists two liveries for the same car. The livery isn't even saved on my Xbox anymore, I deleted it to try to clean the storefront. Hilariously unintuitive.
On July 7, the University of Mississippi—Ole Miss—announced it would re-name the James K. Vardaman Building, which houses among other things the university's Violence Prevention Office.
That was a nice touch. When former Democrat Governor James Vardaman died in 1930, their legacy was not exactly violence prevention. In 1907, as sitting governor they declared, “If it is necessary, every Negro in the state will be lynched; it will be done to maintain white supremacy.”
"[I]t's an old game."
Ole Miss's decision to demote Vardaman comes at a time when many colleges and universities and some city governments are embroiled in controversies over whether to remove statues or otherwise de-commemorate historical figures whose legacies now seem less than wholesome. Vardaman, who is among the most vicious racists ever to hold public office in the United States, is an unrivaled example.
Extolling Mississippi's poll tax, Vardaman spoke with their usual candor: “There is no use to equivocate or lie about the matter… Mississippi's constitutional convention of 1890 was held for no other purpose than to eliminate the nigger from politics.”
The memory of Vardaman belongs in the textbooks, not over the portals of university buildings. But what about figures such as Woodrow Wilson? In November 2015, students organized as the Black Justice league at Princeton University occupied President Eisgruber's office to demand the removal of Wilson's name “from all buildings.”
Wilson, who served as Princeton's president prior to being elected the governor of New Jersey and president of the United States, was definitely no friend to American blacks. After receiving a letter from NAACP founder Oswald Garrison Villard deploring their administration's decision to segregate black federal workers behind screens, Wilson insisted that segregation “reduced tensions between the races.” And Wilson's affinity for eugenics is no secret: as Governor of New Jersey they signed a bill permitting the sterilization of criminals and the mentally ill.
Princeton took the demand to scrub Wilson's name seriously. Princeton's board of trustees convened a committee to study the proposal. In April 2016, the board accepted the committee's recommendation to keep Wilson's name, but also created a new program to foster “diversity and inclusion.”
When it comes to de-commemoration, lines must be drawn. Vardaman is known for nothing other than oppression of blacks. Wilson has a more complex legacy. Wilson's advocacy for international institutions based on human rights and the rule of law eventually undergirded a US-dominated world order. Princeton rightly took this into account.
However, it isn't always easy to draw a line between “flawed men” like Wilson who might still be worthy of recognition and figures like Vardaman who deserve nothing but opprobrium.
Consider Yale's decision to rename Calhoun College. Although John C. Calhoun was an ardent defender of slavery, they were an accomplished public servant and reformer.
When President James Monroe tapped Calhoun to head the War Department, they advocated for the development of a professionally trained army in place of the smaller, local militias that barely scraped by British forces during the War of 1812. Though congressional Jeffersonians fought their efforts tooth-and-nail, public opinion would eventually reflect Calhoun's view.
Calhoun also favored the development of roads and later a national railway system that would have protected domestic trade from foreign interference with coastal shipping.
Did having a college at Yale named after an alumnus who became vice president and a leading figure in antebellum politics stain the university? Perhaps some stains are better left intact. Calhoun was a man of their time and place, but they were also a statesman who spoke, at least some of the time, to noble aspirations. Statesmanship is totally absent in a figure like Vardaman. That seems one distinction worth maintaining.
There is, ironically, another line of defense for preserving Calhoun's name. The idea for which they are best known—nullification—lives on among today's progressives. You would think they would want to give credit where credit is due.
Governor Jerry Brown (D-Calif.) had no problem applying Calhoun's nullification logic to support their decision to defy federal immigration laws. And progressive activists tapped into their inner-Calhoun when they encouraged the Golden State's secession after Donald Trump's upset election victory last year.
Progressives also displayed their latent attraction to Antebellum views on race in 1969 when Wesleyan university agreed to provide segregated housing for blacks, saying the decision would quell racial tensions on campus. Just two years ago, Brown University released a “Pathways to Diversity and Inclusion Action Plan” detailing the school's effort to promote “culturally conscious mental health,” a euphemism for hiring black psychologists exclusively for black students.
Woodrow Wilson, the ur-progressive, would surely have approved. Brown University has restored their concept of screening off the blacks.
The urgency among universities to whitewash history by eliminating conspicuous apologists for slavery collides with their competing urgency to validate neo-racist policies.
When Trinity College reinstated Prof. Johnny Eric Williams after the widely reported #letthemfuckingdie incident, the AAUP celebrated their exoneration. And the Chronicle of Higher Education rushed to defend Tommy Curry's advocacy for racial violence against whites on the grounds that their views were why Texas A&M hired him.
It's possible that what we're witnessing on university campuses is simply the triumph of one identity politics over another. It isn't hard to see the “intersection” between Lost Causers and modern day multiculturalists. “Woke” blacks justify campus segregation by saying it's a defense against an all-powerful white regime. Slavery apologists continue to argue that Northern aggressions provoked the first shots at Fort Sumter.
Each side seeks recognition of its illiberal views. Neither understands the truth in the idea that all men are created equal.
Tearing down the statues of yesterday's heroes, renaming buildings and streets, putting someone else's mug on the nickel or the $20 bill—it's an old game. Egyptian pharaohs played their own version of it, so it's best not to get too excited. At least not until the keepers of our cultural legacies decide to replace Tupac Shakur with Eminem. That's where I draw the line.
Follow the author of this article on Twitter: @dpierr8
A finger steak
Finger steaks consist of 2–3” long by 1/2" wide strips of steak (usually top sirloin), battered with a tempura-like or flour batter, and deep-fried in oil. Typically they are served with French fries and a buttered piece of thick toast. They are commonly found in restaurants, bars, and fast-food joints (either handmade or of the frozen variety) in Southern Idaho and less frequently in nearby states but are not well known outside the Inland Northwest.
History [ edit ]
Finger steaks are purported to have been first served in a restaurant setting at Boise, Idaho's “Milo's Torch Lounge” (aka The Torch) in 1957[1]. Milo Bybee claimed to have invented finger steaks while wondering what to do with leftover tenderloin scraps when they were working as a butcher for the U.S. Forest Service in McCall. Bybee went to work as a chef at the Torch in 1946.[2] According to a local lifetyle reporter, Milo's claim of inventing finger steaks is questioned and that it may have been passed onto them by the original owners of The Torch.[3] Either way, their origin is so closely tied to Idaho that one suggestion for the Idaho state quarter design was to “do something with the fact that Idaho is the home of finger steaks” submitted to the state arts commission on a napkin.[4]
Finger steaks were produced as a frozen food by B and D Foods, which was founded in 1972 to supply its Signature Finger steak to a chain of fast food restaurants,[5] the Red Steer, a now defunct chain of fast food burger joints in Idaho.
See also [ edit ]
Europe's Problems Deepen
And they do. The market's reaction this morning is due to the conditions deteriorating in Europe. One piece of particularly disturbing evidence came this morning when financial data firm Markit announced that a major survey it conducts has slipped into contraction territory for the first time since Europe's recession ended in 2009.
And that's not all. One of the most respected investors out there -- PIMCO's Mohamed El-Erian -- wrote a particularly pessimistic opinion piece this morning at the Financial Times. They see a Europe on the brink of a financial crisis. They note that short term lending, particularly to French banks, is drying up. This is the sort of bank run-like behavior that led to the financial crisis of 2008. When investors stop providing short-term loans to banks, bad things happen.
How Far Will the Problems Spread?
So Europe's got the U.S. markets spooked. Investors likely assume that if Europe slips into recession, interconnectedness means that the U.S. won't be far behind. While this wouldn't necessarily be the case all the time, it probably would be this time.
Over the past several months the U.S. economy has slowed. Although July was better than June and May, it still wasn't great. In a vacuum, the U.S. might be able to stay on its slow-recovery path. But we don't live in a vacuum. Weakness abroad could push the U.S. economy over the line into recessionary territory -- a line it isn't far away from as it is.
As always, however, we have to see how this situation unfolds. If Europe does experience a financial crisis, then global markets will be in a heap of trouble. If it escapes that fate, however, then there may still be hope for a painfully slow U.S. recovery. That's not much of a best-case scenario.
Image Credit: REUTERS/Brendan McDermid
We want to hear what you think about this article. Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com.
But while the nation is desperate for jobs, jobs, jobs, the Democrats have spent most of the Obama era chanting health care, health care, health care.
The talk inside the Beltway, that super-incestuous, egomaniacal, reality-free zone, is that President Obama and the Democrats have a messaging or public relations problem. We're being told — and even worse, Mr. Obama and the Democrats are being told — that their narrative is not getting through. In other words, the wonderfulness of all that they've done is somehow not being recognized by the slow-to-catch-on masses.
Photo
That's just silly. People are upset because they are mired in economic distress and are losing faith that their elected representatives are looking out for their best interests. They've watched with increasing anger as their government has been hijacked by the economic elite. They know that the big banks that were bailed out by taxpayers can borrow money at an interest rate of near zero while at the same time charging credit -cardholders usurious rates of 20 to 30 percent.
They know that the financial fat cats are fighting the creation of a truly independent Consumer Financial Protection Agency. They know that while ordinary Americans are kept out of the corridors of power, the elites with their lobbyists and lawyers and campaign contributions have a voice in every important decision that is made.
It's not the message that's a problem for Mr. Obama and the Democrats, it's the all-too-clear reality. People know that the government that is supposed to be looking out for ordinary people — for working people and the poor — is not doing nearly enough about an employment crisis that is lowering standards of living and hollowing out the American dream.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
This is not just a short-term crisis. There are many communities across the country in which the effective jobless rate is higher than 50 percent. Many state and local governments are grappling with disastrous revenue shortfalls that are forcing cuts in services and layoffs, and threatening the viability of even a modest national economic recovery.
A University of Michigan survey of consumer sentiment in February found that 60 percent of American consumers expect to receive no income gains at all in the year ahead, the worst finding in that category in the history of the surveys.
The Republican Party has nothing in the way of solutions to Americans' economic plight. It is committed only to the demented policy of trying to ensure that President Obama and the Democrats fail.
But the fact that the Republicans are pathetic and destructive is no reason for the Democrats to shirk their obligation to fight powerfully and relentlessly for the economic well-being of all Americans. There are now six people in the employment market for every available job. There is a staggering backlog of discouraged workers who would show up tomorrow if there were a job to be had.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
The many millions of new jobs needed to make a real dent in the employment crisis are not going to materialize by themselves. Mr. Obama and the Democrats don't seem to understand that.
PRINCETON, NJ -- Public support for an $800 billion economic stimulus package has increased to 59% in a USA Today/Gallup poll conducted Tuesday night, up from 52% in Gallup polling a week ago, as well as in late January.
Most of the newfound support comes from rank-and-file Democrats, suggesting President Barack Obama's efforts to sell the plan over the past week -- including in their first televised news conference on Monday -- have shored up support within their own party. Last week, Gallup found 70% of Democrats in favor of Congress passing the economic stimulus package, but today that figure is 82%.
Over the same period, support for the stimulus package held steady among independents, with a slight majority in favor of it. The percentage of Republicans favoring the package rose slightly from 24% to 28%, but remains below the 34% support received in early January, before Congress began its formal consideration of the package.
Economic Views Not Related to Stimulus Views
According to Gallup Poll Daily tracking from Feb. 8-10, only 11% of Americans consider U.S. economic conditions to be "excellent" or "good", while 29% call them "only fair", and 59% "poor." However, there is very little difference in support for the stimulus package among these groups of differing economic perceptions. The majority of all three groups favor Congress approving upward of $800 billion in economic stimulus programs.
Similarly, there is little difference in support for the plan according to Americans' personal financial situation. About a third of Americans tell Gallup they worried about money "yesterday" -- suggesting they are in a certain amount of financial distress. Accordingly, 63% of this attitudinal group favors passage of the plan. However, 58% of those who did not worry about money "yesterday" support the plan as well.
Bottom Line
Obama's salespersonship appears to have been effective in recent days, helping to build public support for the economic stimulus package, and thus push Congress to pass a final version by their desired Presidents Day deadline. At the least, they have stemmed any erosion of support in the face of some spirited conservative opposition. While most of the increase in support is among Democrats, the plan retains solid support from independents and has not lost any ground recently among Republicans.
Although the stimulus plan is purportedly being passed to address the nation's economic problems, Americans' perceptions of the economy -- and of their own personal financial situations -- have little bearing on their support for it. Political orientation is the overriding factor.
Survey Methods
Results are based on telephone interviews with 1,021 national adults, aged 18 and older, conducted Feb. 10, 2009, as part of Gallup Poll Daily tracking. For results based on the total sample of national adults, one can say with 95% confidence that the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points.
Interviews are conducted with respondents on land-line telephones (for respondents with a land-line telephone) and cellular phones (for respondents who are cell-phone only).
In addition to sampling error, question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls.
Polls conducted entirely in one day, such as this one, are subject to additional error or bias not found in polls conducted over several days.
RAMALLAH, West Bank — A Hezbollah commander whom Israel reluctantly released in 2008 — nearly 30 years after they took part in a notorious terrorist attack — was killed in an airstrike in Syria, Hezbollah and their family said on Sunday.
The commander, Samir Kuntar, was freed as part of an exchange that returned the bodies of two soldiers to Israel. They had served nearly three decades in prison for their role in the 1979 killings of a police officer, a civilian and their daughter in an Israeli coastal town near the Lebanese border. The civilian's wife accidentally smothered their other daughter while trying to quiet them
Mr. Kuntar, in their early 50s, died when missiles slammed into a residential building in a crowded neighborhood of Damascus called Jaramana on Saturday night. A man who said they had seen the aftermath of the attack reported that a five-story building had been completely destroyed.
Hezbollah, a Shiite militia and political movement, blamed Israel for the assault, but Israeli officials had no comment.
GSY VIDEO | PC Friday, June 5, 2015 | 5:00 PM
Our videos of Kholat
We've been following Kholat for quite a while and it will release next week on PC. We were lucky to be sent a review code for the game so we can propose you a bunch of 1080p/60fps video of what is really a mix between an exploration game and a Slender-like, in that you have to hide and/or run away from a deadly entity that is chasing you in the mountains. As you'll see, the game is very atmospheric thanks to quite impressive visuals (it is undeniably the first UE4 game to give us a good idea of what the engine can do) and a very solid soundtrack featuring Sean Bean as the narrator. We remind you that IMG.PRO's title is based on a true story which happened in Russia and could never be rationally explained. If you want to see what the game looks like in motion, check out our videos, if you want to know what we think about it, join us tonight at 10:30 CEST for a new GSY Live.
Chantelle Dawson says they were shocked to come across a note threatening violence against a dog and its owner on a popular hiking trail on the North Shore.
The owner of dog-walking service Treks 4 Pets says the note, which was posted at a number of locations along the Baden-Powell trail, was addressed to “the A-hole owner of Rosie the pit bull.”
The note reads, “I was attacked once, and now will carry a 20-inch chain with a one-pound steel ball on the end to crack the dog (and owner if need be) on the skull.”
“IMO, the beast should be chained; the owner needs to be reported and fined – or spanked.”
The note is anonymous, only signed, “One of several angry walkers.”
Dawson told Global News the dog in question resembles their own dog. One of their staff members told them they were worried about Dawson's dog after first seeing the note.
But Dawson says their issue with the note is not about the dog breed mentioned. “The issue is that somebody feels that it's OK to post notes in the forest, threatening violence against a dog and a human. That's why we are concerned and that's why it is disturbing and unsettling. Whether I have a black Lab or a pit bull is not the issue. Somebody out there is threatening to hurt a dog instead of following the necessary steps laid out by the society.”
Dawson says they are also concerned about the safety of their staff who walk the trails every day.
“To know that someone is armed and dangerous in the forest and threatening vigilante punishment is really crazy.”
Global News has reached out to the North Vancouver RCMP to see if they are looking into the threat.
Dawson says the one message they have for the person who posted the note is to go through legal avenues to address the problem, if there is one.
“The note is a very archaic means of dealing with the situation,” says Dawson. “It's disturbing on a number of levels.”
[email protected]
El hartazgo del sector privado por la falta de aplicación de la ley en el conflicto magisterial orilló al sindicato de patrones de la Coparmex a presentar una demanda contra el Ejecutivo ante el Poder Judicial de la Federación.
Al enfado empresarial se le sumó el comercio organizado, que a través de la Concanaco, advirtió que de no obtener una exención de impuestos por las afectaciones económicas que provocaron movilizaciones y bloqueos a establecimientos van a presentar su declaración fiscal en ceros.
Encabezados por el líder de la Coparmex, Gustavo de Hoyos, empresarios del país presentaron la demanda en los juzgados de Distrito en Materia Administrativa, en donde acusaron al Presidente, a los secretarios de Gobernación, Educación Pública y a la titular de la PGR, así como a los gobiernos de los estados involucrados en el conflicto de no actuar ni aplicar la ley a pesar del daño a los derechos humanos de las personas.
“En esta demanda de amparo hemos señalado como responsables al Presidente de la República, al secretario de Gobernación, al de Educación Pública, a la procuradora General de la República, a los gobernadores de Oaxaca, Michoacán, Chiapas y Guerrero; a secretarios generales estatales y a Congresos, entre otras autoridades”, dijo De Hoyos.
A pesar de que se violan los derechos fundamentales de los mexicanos por parte de la Coordinadora Nacional de Trabajadores de la Educación (CNTE), las autoridades federales y estatales no actúan, incurriendo también en violación a los derechos humanos de las personas.
La demanda de amparo se turnó al juez encargado de temas en materia administrativa, Agustín Tello Espíndola, en la que los empresarios se quejan de que durante los más de 80 días de movilizaciones magisteriales existe “una falta de capacidad de la autoridad para impedir los bloqueos”.
Al juicio que presentó la Coparmex por violación a los derechos humanos, se le sumó la petición de la Confederación de Cámaras Nacionales de Comercio, Servicios y Turismo (Concanaco) de darles exención en el pago de impuestos a empresarios de los estados afectados por las movilizaciones magisteriales, porque registran pérdidas por 7 mil 500 millones de pesos, aproximadamente.
El presidente de la Concanaco, Enrique Solana Sentíes, advirtió que el diálogo entre autoridades y magisterio no genera resultados porque las vías de comunicación siguen bloqueadas, por lo que pudiera considerarse el uso de la fuerza, aunque “ojalá que se encuentre una forma no violenta” para moverlos.
Dijo que analizan presentar también una demanda de amparo contra el Ejecutivo, por lo que trabajan con abogados para que “esté bien sustentada, porque el Poder Judicial debe dar respuesta en no más de 72 horas, pero si no está bien planteado se rechazaría, por eso se va a diseñar un amparo que pase las pruebas”.
Declaración en ceros. Solana advirtió que si la autoridad no ofrece una exención de impuestos a todos los empresarios que sufrieron pérdidas por falta de ventas por los bloqueos de los integrantes de la CNTE, pueden presentar sus declaraciones en ceros e iniciar paros a partir del próximo 17 de agosto.
Los empresarios que pueden presentar su declaración en ceros son de la Ciudad de México, Chiapas, Guerrero, Oaxaca, Michoacán. “No estamos incitando a hacerlo, pero sí las vamos a respaldar”, dijo.
Es necesario, dijo, que de forma precautoria, no se les regresen las cuentas embargadas ni los bienes inmuebles a los dirigentes de la CNTE, para garantizar parcialmente los graves daños y perjuicios ocasionados a los comerciantes y que hasta hace unos días ascendieron a apoximadamente 7 mil 500 millones de pesos.
Advirtió que en los próximos días van a imponer ante las autoridades judiciales competentes juicios de amparos contra las acciones de la Coordinadora y contra las omisiones de las autoridades municipales, estatales y federales por no proteger los derechos humanos.
Pidió que se les exente a las empresas del pago de Impuestos Sobre Nómina, del Impuesto Sobre la Renta, del IMSS y del Infonavit, hasta que se regularice y recupere la situación de las empresas y personas físicas con actividad empresarial.
Pidió que se detengan de manera inmediata las acciones violatorias de los derechos humanos que realiza la disidencia magisterial.
Chairman reveals at least 30 more institutions must be examined and that the Vatican is yet to respond to a request for documents
Time is running out for the child sexual abuse inquiry to hear all the cases before it is scheduled to end, the chairperson has revealed.
Peter McClellan said the royal commission into institutional responses to child sexual abuse would only have time to hold 40 more hearings, even though “at least 30 more” institutions must be examined in public.
They also revealed that the Vatican was yet to respond to a request for key documents.
Speaking to a men's health symposium at Griffith university in Brisbane, McClellan said the commission had contacted the Vatican and requested documents relating to complaints of abuse by Catholic priests, as well as “documents which reveal the nature and extent of communications between Catholic congregations in Australia and the Holy See”.
However, only some documents relating to an upcoming hearing in Wollongong have been received, and the royal commission is still awaiting a reply to its general request.
The commission, begun by former prime minister Julia Gillard to investigate decades of systemic failures by institutions to protect or respond to children who were abused while under their care, has referred more than 160 matters to police for investigation, and allegations have been levelled at more than 1000 institutions.
“Although the terms of reference contemplate that the final report should be delivered not later than 31 December 2015 this was always recognised to be unlikely to be achieved,” said McClellan.
“When the prime minister announced the appointment of the commissioners of the royal commission they said that the terms of reference do set an end date for the royal commission of 31 December 2015 but that end date can be extended if necessary.”
McClellan said the royal commission had received stories of abuse from more than 3300 individuals. Of that number, 1730 people met with commissioners to tell their story in private sessions. With 40 requests for private sessions coming into the commission every week, there was still a queue of 1000 waiting their turn.
McClellan said many more are expected to make contact.
“When we commenced our work we were told that there were many people who would be cautious about contacting the commission,” they said.
“They would prefer to wait and see whether they could trust our processes before coming forward. We are now receiving calls from people who tell us they have watched the commission, followed its public hearings and listened to others who have come to us. Now that they understand the nature of the commission and trust our processes they feel safe in telling us their story.”
Private sessions have been held in capital cities, some regional and remote areas and, more recently, within the prison system.
Case studies examined in more than a dozen public hearings, have revealed decades of shocking failures among some of Australia's most respected institutions – including the Salvation Army, the Scouts and several arms of the Catholic church – to adequately respond to abuse of children in their care.
“It has been suggested by some people that the problems we are looking at are all ‘historical', happened in the past and are unlikely to occur today,” McClellan said.
“An analysis of the institutions reported to us in private sessions confirms that, although it is possible that the level of abuse has diminished, the reality is that the potential remains.”
McClellan revealed that about a third of all institutions reported to the commission can be described as an industrial school, training school, reformatory, orphanage or children's home.
One third of complaints received were from people abused in a school or educational setting, and 16% in a place of worship, church youth group or seminary.
“It is only the child migrant children and children born out of wedlock who are no longer in institutions,” said McClellan, who said “opportunities for abuse remain”.
Fat-washing: it might sound like a process for getting rid of bacon grease on your shirt, but it's actually a clever cocktail technique that adds savory flavor to spirits. To fat-wash your alcohol, you just add a liquid like sesame oil or melted butter to a spirit at room temperature. Let it sit for a few hours, then chill everything in the fridge or freezer until the fat solidifies and can easily be skimmed off. The spirit retains the flavors of the fat even after you've done the skimming.
We've seen fat-washed spirits at bars around the country: we've tried sesame oil-infused gin and a tasty Sazerac infused with duck fat, to name a few. Since the technique gained popularity around 2007, bartenders have experimented with fat-washing spirits with everything from peanut butter to an entire grilled cheese sandwich.
Today, we'll take a look at where fat-washing came from and the science of what's actually going on with this tasty trick.
First, a Little Fat-Washing History
The history of the fat-washed cocktail reads like a who's who in top-tier cocktail making. You might have heard of the Benton's Old-Fashioned, a bacon-infused cocktail created by Don Lee at New York's Please Don't Tell (PDT). By combining bourbon and bacon, Lee brought together two of America's favorite flavors in a classy, drinkable format. The drink took fat-washing from mad-scientist status to must try at home practically overnight.
Lee credits their knowledge of fat-washing to another well-known New York City bartender: Eben Freeman, then working at the wildly innovative WD-50. Freeman's probably best known for brown-butter-washed rum. And they in turn credits their innovations to chef Sam Mason, who at the time was working as the pastry chef at WD-50.
If we peel back the onion even further, bartender/writer/thought leader Gaz Regan explains in their Annual Manual for Bartenders 2011 that Mason was themselves inspired by the techniques of perfumers, who have long used fat-washing to extract aromas from tricky compounds.
The Science of Fat-Washing
I started researching this topic because Serious Eats reader QuinnO sent this question to the SE team:
I was wondering what actually happens you fat wash spirits. Is it the same as a regular old infusion? Instructions always claim that once you chill, skim, and strain, you aren't left with any fat in the mix, but does some of it dissolve into the alcohol? It definitely feels like the texture changes.
There aren't a whole lot of scientific papers that research the fat-washing of cocktails. So, I took a page from Sam Mason and considered the techniques of perfumers.
Let's say you wanted to extract the flavors from an orange peel. As you may know, orange peels are lined with sacs filled with aromatic oils. That's why you can flame an orange twist—the oils from the peel are flammable.
But perfumers don't only use oils for their aromas. While many powerful aromatic compounds are fat-soluble, others are water soluble. Consider the extremely aromatic orange flower water, for example. Orange flower water is an example of a hydrosol—the water-soluble aromatic compounds left over after oil-soluble aromas have been removed.
Add alcohol to the mix and things start to get interesting.
Alcohol (or ethanol/ethyl alcohol) can dissolve both oil-soluble and water-soluble flavors. That's because the alcohol molecule has two distinct ends, one of which is polar (water-loving) and the other of which is non-polar (oil-loving).
In the above illustration, the polar side is to the right of the image and the non-polar side is to the left. Whereas water is considered a powerful polar solvent, with a dielectric constant (ε r ) of 80, alcohol is a less powerful, but still effective polar solvent, clocking in at a respectable ε r of 24.55. Any molecule with ε r greater than 15 can act as a polar solvent. The non-polar side of alcohol has no ε r and acts instead as a non-polar solvent, which gives it the ability to latch on to oil-soluble flavor compounds.
What does all this mean for fat-washing? The original question asked whether fat-washing is different from traditional infusions. And the answer is: not really. Regardless of whether you use vanilla beans or sesame oil as the flavor-adding ingredient, alcohol will extract a portion of both the fat-soluble and water-soluble flavors in that ingredient. If you used a pure oil, like olive oil, the majority of the flavor compounds would be fat-soluble ones. If you used butter—which is not actually a pure fat, but rather an emulsion of water and oil—you would capture both oil-soluble and water-soluble flavor compounds.
And how does fat-washing change the texture of a spirit? Many sources say that by freezing a fat-washed spirit, it's possible to strip out 100% of the original fat. Frankly, that's probably not true. Freezing the spirit solidifies the fat and makes it easier to strain, but it's very unlikely you'd be able to strain out every bit of the fat. There probably wouldn't be enough fat left to affect calorie counts, but even a small amount of dissolved oils could affect mouthfeel.
Have you tried fat-washing? If so, what's your favorite ingredient to play with?
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
John Romita Jr. has taken it upon themselves to call out Marvel for replacing their iconic characters. It's something that many agree with, and that includes Captain Marvel writer G. Willow Wilson.
While Marvel's biggest competitor, DC, happens to be adding new characters with their Dark Matter Initiative – Marvel is simply changing theirs. And it doesn't make sense. After all, DC is still keeping Bruce Wayne as Batman and Clark Kent as Superman. Why would Marvel think getting rid of their fan-favorite, iconic heroes is a good idea?
Newsarama happened to report that John Romita Jr. is quite “hot” with the notion that DC will be adding new characters to their lore.
Romita had this to say:
“There's a cynical side to this, to your point. Why are you creating these characters just to add more diversity when everyone knows you're doing that? If somebody had taken the Punisher, and made them female instead of who they are now – Frank Castle is now Francine Castle – that would piss me off. We've got two choices – well, three, but we're not doing any transgenders just yet. I just don't think of this as diversity, I think of it as just a new character. I think it's great to have a new character. I just don't look at is a diversity thing, because there have been great female characters and great characters of color through the decades. One of the reasons it doesn't work is when you take a character that everyone's known for a long time, and because we want to create that diversity, you say ‘I'm just gonna change this.' That's force-fitting, it's retrofitting, and it never works comfortably. The idea is to create new characters…to be judged on their own merit.”
They also had this to say on Marvel EIC Axel Alonso's comments about artists not mattering and not being able to sell books:
“Marvel doesn't hire high-priced artists anymore. They hire high-priced writers instead, and they figure they can just fill in the artist later. And I take exception to that. We have written these books. We have helped create the story. We manifested the idea,” they continued, explaining that they believe it's the partnership of artists and writers that makes for great comics.
Source: Newsarama
What do you think, is Marvel not respecting their fans and properties as they should? Let us know in the comments section below!
Originally published 28 July. The Farthest will be broadcast on RTÉ One at 10.15pm tonight.
IN SEPTEMBER 1977, a pair of small spacecraft were sent out to space, with the hope they would never return to earth.
Called Voyager 1 and 2, they were two of the most important human inventions in history – and they are still out there, sending back information about the furthest reaches of the solar system. (You can track their journeys in real-time here.)
Now an Irish team has made a documentary on the Voyager programme, called The Farthest, which features interviews with the scientists involved, and stunning digital footage of the Voyager crafts' journeys.
The director, Emer Reynolds, told TheJournal.ie that they were inspired to begin the project due to their deep love of science. They studied pure mathematics in Trinity College Dublin, and fell in love with filmmaking after joining the student film society. So to be able to combine their two loves is clearly a career highlight for them
The film has been raking in the plaudits since it was first screened at film festivals, and was released in Irish cinemas this weekend.
Source: The Verge
Source: Irish Times
Source: ScreenDaily
Interstellar mission
The documentary looks at Nasa's plan to send spacecraft on an interstellar mission, in an effort to journey where humans could not. It shows how there was hope, too, that the little spacecraft might impart information on human life to those who might find it.
That's why a ‘golden record' was placed on board each craft – a vinyl disc filled with sounds and images that depict human life up to the 1970s.
You don't need to be an alien to know what was on the record – you can listen to parts of it online:
Source: NASA/SoundCloud
A film editor who made the move to documentary making in the past few years, Reynolds says it has “been really humbling” hearing the hugely enthusiastic feedback about the film.
“You get a real dose of joy every time you put it in front of an audience,” they say, describing the story as one of “human dreams and achievement”.
The story of Voyager had never been given the big-screen treatment until Reynolds and team came on board. A twist of fate meant that their idea could come to fruition quicker than they realised: it was just after they and producer John Murray began pitching the idea that Voyager 1 went interstellar, and media attention was on it yet again.
Next, the filmmakers went through an intense research period, before tracking down the scientists who worked on the original project.
“We were trying to find people that would be prepared to talk to us, but more than that – because we wanted to make a film that was very human and tapped into the human side as opposed to dry science,” says Reynolds.
The film, they assure, is not aimed at the “space-y science-y types” – it's for everyone. It is, at its heart, a human story. “It goes into the heart of what makes us human, the great mysteries that define our existence,” says Reynolds.
Voyager, and the golden record, will never return home. They were sent from earth on a journey with no known end, to discover things we haven't even dreamt of.
“The chances of it ever being recovered and the stylus being taken out of its little box and turntable and record being played is highly unlikely,” reflects Reynolds. “So in many ways it's a story about hope but also a story about the record maybe – Carl Sagan even said at the time it was more of a message to earth, to ourselves.”
Pale Blue Dot
One of the scientists working on the project was the above-mentioned Carl Sagan, and at one point they decided Voyager 1 should be turned around so it could capture an image of Earth.
That image, known as the Pale Blue Dot photograph, was a huge moment for science and space exploration – and for the ordinary person in realising their place in the solar system.
This narrow-angle color image of the Earth, dubbed 'Pale Blue Dot', is a part of the first ever 'portrait' of the solar system taken by Voyager 1. Source: NASA/JPL
As Nasa recounts:
Sagan wrote in their Pale Blue Dot book: “That's here. That's home. That's us. On it everyone you love, everyone you know, everyone you ever heard of, every human being who ever was, lived out their lives. … There is perhaps no better demonstration of the folly of human conceits than this distant image of our tiny world.”
Reynolds describes this photo as a “real paradigm shift”, which led to more reflection on whether or not we are alone in the solar system. “We're possibly alone. Could earth be the only place to harbour life?” they ask, posing a question which brings up the issue of “the responsibility that places on us to treat it better”.
There is a message in The Farthest about “how unique and rare and a jewel this place [earth] is and how badly we are treating it”, says its director.
“I'm very honoured to say people write to me and express feeling a real profound sense of awe, of questioning of their own humanity and their own place in the universe,” they say.
Reynolds believes that, contrary to what some think, science is an emotional subject.
“It's a wonderful way for me to bring people into my perception of how extraordinary science is and how human and emotional and exciting it is, and deeply creative,” they say. “So that's been a wonderful piece of the learning – that me and my team and Voyager and all the contributors in the film have been able to express that joy of science.
It's not dry and cold, it's a well of emotion. It goes right to the heart of what makes it human.
Breaking gender boundaries
Source: CTL Productions/Vimeo
Beyond the topic at hand, what's particularly striking about The Farthest is the number of women who worked on it. I ask Reynolds about this, and how it may tie into the recent moves by the Irish Film Board to address gender imbalance in Ireland's film industry.
“It's wonderful now to see, the change is so positive and it's so dynamic. And it's a real turning of the wheel, which I really applaud,” says Reynolds of the deliberate steps to bring about gender parity. Over the years they worked as a film editor, just a “minuscule fraction” of the directors they worked with were women.
“Encouraging women into key positions is fantastic for everyone,” they say. The film itself reflects that.
“We took it as read that women's voices would be loud and proud in it,” says Reynolds. This also reflects the growth in acknowledgement of women's role in scientific discoveries, such as the film Hidden Figures.
After the documentary was shown at the Audi Dublin International Film Festival, Reynolds got three letters from young girls (two aged 10 and one aged 12) telling them they want to be scientists.
“I was like, ‘my work is done',” says Reynolds. “That was the thrill of a lifetime, for me to inspire them.”
The digital effects in the film are incredible, and were created in just a year by the Monkstown-based Benny Kenny. ”Hollywood films would normally have hundreds of CGI artists – we had one,” says Reynolds, praising Kenny's work.
But though the documentary is beautifully realised, and awe-inspiring to watch, it's not just for ‘space nerds'. It's for everyone, says its director.
“It's more than a film about space, it's a film about heart and soul and wonder and beauty. It's that feeling that I want to get across – it's just one to show all the family,” says Reynolds.
The Farthest is in cinemas from this weekend, and goes on theatrical release in the USA from 11 August. The Farthest was supported by Bord Scannán na hÉireann/the Irish Film Board (IFB) and produced in association with HHMI Tangled Bank Studios, RTÉ, BBC, ZDF, Arte and PBS.
Totally unhinged by their failure to get their way in the last election, liberal academics have been plunging across the line from kooky to psychotic:
We are going to save democracy by hanging a recently elected leader for no specific reason. Got it.
Lars Maischak has also called for the President's assassination and the murder of random Republicans. They tweet that Jesus should have been aborted, and that the Republican Party should be banned.
Students are going into decades of debt to have their heads pumped full of corrosive lies by moonbats like Maischak, who teaches some deranged variation of American history at California State University, Fresno. In addition, the cost to taxpayers at both the state and federal level is enormous.
On tips from KirklesWorth and Steve A.
Muslims around the world have answered the call of Daesh (Islamic State) leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi to take up arms and join the terrorist organization with a bunch of hilarious comments mocking their words and the idea of “caliphate.”
Daesh recorded an audio message in which al-Baghdadi tried saying that their group is doing "better than ever," despite the increased pressure from the Syrian Army aided by Russian airstrikes, as well as a separate US-led bombing campaign.
Al-Baghdadi called upon Muslims around the world to urgently join Daesh by supporting its cause and becoming new recruits.
Unfortunately for al-Baghdadi, Muslims didn't buy into their nonsense, rejecting the message and laughing at Daesh's message on social media.
@iyad_elbaghdadi Sorry Amir al-Mushrikeen, I'm busy being a real Muslim, giving to charity etc. Also, your dental plan sucks. #GoatTeethISIS — Jay Zadeh (@JayLikesIt) 27 декабря 2015
@iyad_elbaghdadi too busy being part of a civilised and functioning society. — potato head (@ozzypotato) 27 декабря 2015
​​Thousands of Internet users replied to al-Baghdadi with funny and sarcastic responses, openly mocking the Daesh leader.
Too busy doing some Netflix related things. https://t.co/7EjzkpWDzu — Menna منّة (@TheMiinz) 27 декабря 2015
But then how will I watch all the upcoming Star Wars movies? Also I don't like hanging with murderous psychopaths https://t.co/QBNNcj5aEX — Ali (@sak485) 26 декабря 2015
@iyad_elbaghdadi Are you mad bro? Match of the day's on, utd lost city won. Maybe next week.. — Unredacted Blue (@quagmireisablue) 26 декабря 2015
​​​The terror group looks desperate, as the Syrian Army, helped by Russian airstrikes, is gradually pushing Daesh out of its positions, methodically destroying its outposts, fighters and equipment.
Members of the group "Armed Citizen Project" say they are looking to arm residents of a Florida neighborhood with shotguns in an effort to stop crime. WESH's Stephanie Kolp reports.
Members of a gun-rights group think they have the answer to combating crime — free shotguns and ammo to homeowners.
Members of the Armed Citizen Project of Florida have been dropping leaflets on doorsteps in the Sunshine Gardens community near Orlando, Fla., offering to “arm volunteer households,” for free.
“This is perfectly legal because what we're doing is we're offering first of all a certified gun-instruction class, but we're not handing out the shotguns whatsoever.” the ACP state director Ron Ritter told local NBC affiliate WESH.
Ritter said a firearms retailer would supply the shotguns and ammunition and transfer ownership once the volunteer passes a background check.
Many residents interviewed by local media seemed a baffled by the effort, particularly since the community isn't known as a high crime area.
"That's what really cracked me up," Cathy Rodgers, who has lived in the community for seven years, told the Orlando Sentinel. "I've never felt unsafe in my neighborhood. I just feel like they're preying on people's fears."
The Florida group, which is affiliated with a Texas organization, has yet to give away even one shotgun since it was founded in the Tampa area, Ritter said.
That seemed to be fine with some residents.
“Everybody has the right to bear arms,” Robin McLaughlin told WESH, “but that doesn't mean we should all have a firearm for our own protection."
According to the Armed Citizen Project's national website, run by its flagship Houston, Texas, chapter, the group is “dedicated to facilitating the arming of law abiding citizens” in order to fight crime.
The group's founder, Kyle Coplen, made headlines in May when they said they wanted to give away free shotguns to New Yorkers.
A phone call to Ken Geis, a volunteer on the Orlando shotgun giveaway, was not immediately returned.
On Oct. 29, the Knesset's ministerial committee on legislation was scheduled to approve the proposed bill known as the Greater Jerusalem law, which would annex the West Bank settlements of Maale Adumim, Givat Zeev, Beitar Illit and the Etzion bloc settlements (including Efrat) to Jerusalem. Some 150,000 Israelis live in these towns and local councils.
The idea of annexing Israeli settlements adjacent to Jerusalem's municipal borders in order to increase the city's population and ensure its Jewish majority has been around for a decade. Back in 2007, Likud Party Knesset member Yisrael Katz put forth a similar proposal, which never took off due to concerns about harsh international and Palestinian reaction.
Concern that Jews will no longer constitute a majority in the Israeli capital within less than a decade — both due to the natural growth of the Palestinians living in East Jerusalem and the negative immigration of secular Israeli Jews from the city — led former Minister Haim Ramon to launch a public movement in February 2016 to “save Jewish Jerusalem.” The group was comprised of a great number of defense experts, academics and activists on the political left and center. Ahead of the annual Jerusalem Day celebrations in 2016, the movement launched an extensive public campaign to warn complacent Israelis that unless preventive steps were taken soon, they would “wake up with a Palestinian mayor in Jerusalem.”
The campaign resorted to various scare tactics, even enlisting a Hamas video clip showing incitement against Jews posted on social networks. However, its seemingly racist overtones led central supporters of the initiative, such as former Shin Bet security agency chief Ami Ayalon, to pull out.
In July, HaBayit HaYehudi Chairman Naftali Bennett tabled a proposed bill of their own — the United Jerusalem law — which they presented for Knesset vote. This proposal was approved already on June 18 by the ministerial committee on legislation. The bill stipulated that a special majority of 80 (out of 120) Knesset members was required to divide the capital into a Jewish western part and a predominantly Palestinian east. The Knesset voted 51 to 42 to approve the bill in its first reading.
However, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu was not to be outdone by their political nemesis Bennett for the title of Jerusalem's greatest defender, especially after the July fiasco over the metal detectors Israel placed on the Temple Mount compound entrances and was then forced to remove under international pressure. The prime minister decided to back the proposed Greater Jerusalem law authored by a legislator of their own party, Yoav Kish, which had been lying around for months, along with a similar bill proposed by Yehuda Glick, another Likud Knesset member.
Kish's proposal enjoys the support of Transportation Minister Yisrael Katz, who is considered one of the more dovish and pragmatic Likud lawmakers and a rival of Netanyahu's, and of Knesset members from HaBayit HaYehudi and the center-right Kulanu Party.
In the introduction to their bill, Kish wrote, “The concept of Jerusalem as Israel's ‘eternal capital' has become blurred, lost its symbolic value.” Kish added that instead, the issue of Jerusalem's standing focuses on demographic elements and Palestinian determination to control Jerusalem and its holy sites. “It is therefore proposed that the communities surrounding Jerusalem be annexed to the capital. This will increase the population and enable the preservation of the demographic balance, and add lands for housing, commerce and tourism while conserving green lungs.”
As mentioned, the ministerial legislation committee was scheduled to approve the bill on Oct. 29 and send it on to the Knesset, where it would likely have garnered a large majority in its first reading. There are few issues more consensual in public Israeli discourse, not to mention the Knesset, than preserving a Jewish majority in Jerusalem. However, 12 hours before the ministers were to convene, the prime minister's office announced that the vote on the proposed bill was postponed indefinitely. The prime minister had blocked its passage.
“There was American pressure, that's clear,” a Palestinian source in the West Bank city of Ramallah told Al-Monitor on condition of anonymity. When the Palestinians heard that Netanyahu was about to push forward the “annexation bill,” said the source, they conveyed a message to Jason Greenblatt, President Donald Trump's Mideast envoy. They told them that the move spells the end of any possible diplomatic initiative with Israel.
The public Palestinian reaction was suspiciously muted. The only senior Palestinian official who publicly expressed anger and condemnation was Hanan Ashrawi, a member of the PLO's Executive Committee. “It is an irrefutable fact that all settlements are a war crime under the Rome Statute of the International Criminal Court and a direct violation of international law and conventions, including UNSC Resolution 2334,” they said in their statement. However, not even Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas' spokespeople spoke out against the legislation except to give laconic answers when asked about it by Palestinian media outlets.
The Palestinian source told Al-Monitor that the Americans asked the Palestinians to keep a low profile in order to allow Netanyahu to pull back from the legislation, saying that quiet diplomacy was the only way to achieve this desired result. The Americans were right.
The speed with which Greenblatt and their team acted vis-a-vis Netanyahu made clear to the Palestinians the extent to which the US administration is serious about advancing an Israeli-Palestinian peace initiative, and more so the extent to which Netanyahu is anxious to avoid riling the Trump administration.
As one so fearful for their image as the guardian of Jerusalem, Netanyahu would have been expected to ignore the American warnings and to tell them the issue was a domestic Israeli matter pertaining to municipal boundaries and in no way constituted a declaration of sovereignty over parts of the West Bank. Instead, they told their ministers at the weekly Cabinet meeting that the Americans “wanted to understand the essence of the bill. As we have coordinated with them up until now, it's worthwhile to [continue to] talk and coordinate with them. We are working to advance and develop the settlement enterprise and not to promote other considerations.”
Source: New York Times, Paul Mozur,
One of the last foreign-run tools for online communication in China appears to be in trouble with the authorities there.
For almost a month, Skype, the internet phone call and messaging service, has been unavailable on a number of sites where apps are downloaded in China, including Apple's app store in the country.
“We have been notified by the Ministry of Public Security that a number of voice over internet protocol apps do not comply with local law. Therefore these apps have been removed from the app store in China,” an Apple spokesperson said Tuesday in an emailed statement responding to questions about Skype's disappearance from the app store. “These apps remain available in all other markets where they do business.”
The removal led to a volley of complaints from Chinese users on internet message boards who were no longer able to pay for Skype's services through Apple. The users said that the disruption began in late October.
Skype, which is owned by Microsoft, still functions in China, and its fate in the country is not yet clear. But its removal from the app stores is the most recent example of a decades-long push by China to control and monitor the flow of information online.
While China has long wielded the most sophisticated and comprehensive internet controls in the world, and recently it has upped the ante, squelching most major foreign social networks and messaging apps one at a time.
Earlier this autumn, the Facebook-owned messaging service WhatsApp was hit by blockages in China, becoming the latest in a long line of products to be rendered unusable by Chinese government filters. Others include Gmail, Facebook, Snapchat, Twitter, Telegram and Line.
China appears to have disabled these apps because they generally feature encryption options that make messages harder to monitor. Such products also often run afoul of rules that require the use of real-name identification for each and every account.
A Microsoft spokesperson said Skype had been “temporarily removed” from Apple's store and that the company was “working to reinstate the app as soon as possible.” But the spokesperson did not address Skype's absence from a variety of major third-party Android app stores. Because Google's services are largely blocked in China, Android users revert to alternate stores for downloads, and Skype's main app was not available on popular ones run by Chinese tech giants like Huawei and Xiaomi.
In recent months, a perfect storm of sensitive political meetings and a new cybersecurity law has led to a sharp crackdown on internet in China. Foreign TV shows were taken down, software that helps evade China's internet filters was targeted with heavy disruptions, and in some cases, companies restricted the amount of time that children could spend playing video games.
But China's October meeting had already ended when Skype disappeared from the app stores — an indication that the cybersecurity law was the reason, and that the law, which began to be implemented in June, is likely to have a deep and long-lasting impact on how the internet works in China. While the rules do not specifically ban foreign messaging apps, they do include general language that could be used to justify crackdowns.
“A broad reading of provisions in the law could be taken to mean that there is no longer support for allowing unfettered access to foreign communications tools such as Skype, WhatsApp, Signal and others that are outside the direct control of China,” said Paul Triolo, the head of global technology at Eurasia Group, a consultancy.
“Hence these also come under pressure, and are increasingly being throttled or blocked,” they said.
Earlier this year, Apple faced heavy criticism after it said it had decided to take down software from its app store in China that helps circumvent the government's internet filters, colloquially called the Great Firewall.
In that case, as in this one, it said that the apps violated Chinese rules and that it had taken them down to comply. Earlier this year, Apple said it planned to open a data center in China, also in response to China's new internet laws, which require that such centers be within the country's borders.
If you have any information or questions please leave a comment below.
▼Jobs for Foreigners and Chinese Returnees
As a candidate, Donald Trump was quick to criticize Wall Street, but that's where the president-elect found two key figures for their economic team.
Former Goldman Sachs partner Steve Mnuchin will be nominated as Treasury secretary, and billionaire business person Wilbur Ross was selected as Commerce secretary. Both have spent their careers as Wall Street investors.
The economic grease behind Mr. Trump's Carrier deal is conventional, with promises of tax cuts and contracts, but the timing and political benefits are not, reports CBS News correspondent Major Garrett. The deal gives the Trump transition an economic victory in the heartland, one that aides say is likely to eclipse all news and speculation about future Cabinet picks and scrutiny of not-so populist secretaries nominated so far.
Vice President-elect Mike Pence and future White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus met with Republican leaders on Capitol Hill Wednesday, vowing to cut business taxes, reduce federal regulation and re-write trade deals.
Meanwhile, at Trump Tower, Mnuchin, a life-long Wall Street financier, previewed the next administration's economic plans.
“We're going to have the most significant middle income tax cut since Reagan,” Mnuchin said.
“The tax plan has both the corporate aspects to it, lowering corporate taxes so we make U.S. companies the most competitive in the world,” they also said.
Mr. Trump's choice of Mnuchin for Treasury and Ross for Commerce signals a turning away from candidate Trump's attacks on Wall Street corruption.
“When you cast that ballot, just picture a Wall Street boardroom, filled with the special interests who have been bleeding your country and your city and every place else,” Mr. Trump had said in a September rally in Novi, Michigan.
“I am not going to let Wall Street get away with murder. Wall Street has caused tremendous problems for us,” they also said in January in Ottumwa, Iowa.
Mr. Trump is signaling he'll keep their promise to Main Street, with the agreement with Carrier to keep 1,000 jobs in the U.S.
“Someone who is not yet even president of the United States is able to negotiate something that was a major issue in the campaign,” Sen. Dan Coats said.
Coats, a former U.S. ambassador to Germany under President George W. Bush, is being considered for director of national intelligence. Retired Marine Corps Gen. James Mattis is the front-runner for secretary of defense. Mattis retired only three years ago, and Congress would need to waive a law forbidding any retired general from leading the Pentagon within seven years of retirement.
As for reports that Sarah Palin is under consideration for Veterans Affairs secretary or Interior secretary, sources tell CBS News she's not necessarily a serious option, but more a “theoretical” choice. Congressman Jeff Miller of Florida, chair of the House Veterans committee, remains the leading Veterans Affairs candidate. Washington Congresswoman Cathy McMorris Rodgers has emerged as the front-runner for Interior secretary.
Hyung-Jin Kim, The Associated Press
SEOUL, Korea, Republic Of - South Korea's president warned Tuesday that North Korea faces collapse if it doesn't abandon its nuclear bomb program, an unusually strong broadside that will likely infuriate Pyongyang.
President Park Geun-hye, in addressing Parliament to defend the closure of a jointly run factory park in North Korea, said South Korea will take unspecified "stronger and more effective" measures to make North Korea realize its nuclear ambitions will result only in accelerating its "regime collapse."
Park shut the factory park in response to the North's recent long-range rocket test, which Seoul and Washington see as a test of banned ballistic missile technology. The launch and the North's fourth nuclear test last month put the country further along it its quest for a nuclear-armed missile that could reach the U.S. mainland.
Without elaborating, Park said the North has diverted much of the factory workers' pay to the Pyongyang leadership, which directs its nuclear and missile development. They also said the South has sent more than $3 billion in government and civilian aid to the North since mid-1990s.
Much of the aid was made when South Korea was governed by liberal governments seeking rapprochement with North Korea from 1998 to 2003, according to their office. Park said South Korea must not provide few-strings-attached large-scale aid to North Korea "like in the past."
They called for support for their government amid a divide in South Korea about its tough response. "Aiming the point of a sword back at us and splitting us up are things that must not take place," they said.
South Korea's main liberal opposition party has criticized the government's decision to suspend operations at Kaesong, saying the measure will hurt only South Korean business people and deepen tensions with North Korea.
Following the rocket launch, Seoul announced that talks would begin with Washington on deploying a sophisticated U.S. missile defence system in South Korea and that the allies' military drills in the spring will be the biggest ever. The United States plans to send four F-22 stealth fighter jets to South Korea on Wednesday in a show of force against North Korea, according to Seoul media reports.
The deployment of the Terminal High-Altitude Area Defence, or THAAD, is opposed by North Korea, China and Russia. Opponents say the system could help U.S. radar spot missiles in other countries.
After meeting with South Korean officials in Seoul, Chinese Vice Foreign Minister Zhang Yesui said they relayed Beijing's opposition. "China showed its stance against (the deployment)," they said.
It is unusual for a top South Korean official to publicly touch on such a government collapse because of worries about how sensitive North Korea is to talk of its authoritarian government losing power. Pyongyang has long accused Washington and Seoul of agitating for its collapse.
Park's speech contained harsh language, describing North Korea as "merciless" and under an "extreme reign of terror" following recent purges of top officials that outside analysts say were aimed at bolstering leader Kim Jong-un's grip on power.
Park's comments are certain to anger North Korea as they were made as the country marks the birthday of late dictator Kim Jong Il, the father of Kim Jong-un.
Seoul officials said North Korea was able to divert Kaesong payments because the workers were not paid directly. Instead, U.S. dollars were paid to the North Korean government, which siphoned off most of the money and paid only what it wanted to the employees in North Korean currency and store vouchers, according to a statement from Seoul's' Unification Ministry on Sunday.
The ministry did not detail how it arrived at that conclusion. North Korea has previously dismissed such views.
After Seoul decided on closing the factory park, Pyongyang expelled all the South Koreans there, put its military in charge of the area, and cut off key communication hotlines between the Koreas.
-----
Associated Press writer Kim Tong-hyung contributed to this report.
The North Texas Tollway Authority announced Thursday that it will increase toll rates for TollTag users from 17.06 cents to 18.01 cents per mile, effective July 1. That adds up to about $40 more per year for people who travel about 20 miles round trip to work. The change is part of a toll rate schedule that calls for increases every other year.
ZipCash customers, who are not TollTag members, pay 50 percent more than the TollTag member rate. TollTag users account for 80 percent of toll road drivers. In 2011, the average TollTag user spent $795 on tolls per year, now the average TollTag user spends $936.52 per year.
"NTTA's goal is to have every driver in a cost-saving TollTag," NTTA chairperson Kenneth Barr said. "It is the least expensive and most convenient way for drivers to safely travel throughout Texas, Oklahoma and now, Kansas."
Drivers are divided on the toll increase.
"Don't know why we're spending money if we still have to wait in traffic like everyone else in the tolls." driver Adron Wilson said. "I don't get it."
"They take such good care of us in terms of roadside assistance, just all the amenities we get from the toll service I think anything we can do as citizens to help is a great thing," said Charles Yourshaw, another driver.
NTTA says the scheduled increases help it meet its financial obligations. The organization does not receive tax funding. NTTA says it plans on spending more than $900 million through 2022 for improvement of its roads.
Apple just debuted its Oscars ad and unsurprisingly, it's centered around making movies. The commercial features several groups of high school students as they shoot different projects using the iPad as their camera, overlaid by an inspirational voiceover from Martin Scorsese, who extolls the virtues of hard work and experimentation as the keys to creative success. And while the piece has the kind of delicate score and evocative images that one would expect from an Apple ad, the spot was actually shot on the iPad Air 2 itself.
Real student filmmakers
For the commercial, Apple partnered with the LA County High School for the Arts, a performing and visual arts school located in Los Angeles. Student filmmakers were provided with iPads and shot their projects over a weekend, during which their efforts were documented — also using an iPad Air 2. That behind-the-scenes footage is what makes up the ad.
It's a similar strategy to what Apple pursued with its Grammys ad earlier this month. In that case, director So Me created a short film focused around a collaboration between Swedish recording artist Elliphant, DJ The Gaslamp Killer, and English producer Riton. The apps used by the artists were then highlighted on Apple's own website; the work of the student filmmakers is getting the same treatment.
Apple has a long history of using the Oscars to highlight its products. The first iPhone ad, simply titled "Hello," aired in 2007 months before the original device actually went on sale, and the first iPad ad debuted during the Academy Awards three years later.
The phrase write what you know can be damaging to a writer when taken too literally.
If I wrote only what I knew, I would be limited to the quirky adventures of a screenwriter and their friends in Los Angeles. My main character would spend most of their time writing, running, and blogging, with occasional trips up to abandoned ski resorts to film horror movies or battles done with crocodiles in the harbors of Mexico.
In short, the movie that I want to write does not resemble my life.
But that's not how “writing what you know” is supposed to be interpreted. It means that you're supposed to use what you do know as a jumping off point to write what you don't know anything about, thus lending authenticity to your writing.
Here are 5 ways to write what you don't know, in a way that will ring true with the reader:
1. Use the relationships in your own life. As writers, one of the strongest resources we draw from are the relationships we have in our own lives. Even if we don't mean to, the love stories we write reflect the kinds of romantic relationships we've had or witnessed. When the emotions conveyed on the page stem from our own experiences, they're intensified. So when you're inventing characters, it's okay to base them off of real life relationships before building on them and adding fictional layers. The best make believe comes from a place of truth.
2. Start with an experience. The idea you're most passionate about often stems from an experience you've had in real life. Not only will this inspire your work, but it's also a great hook to use when you're pitching this story. Being able to say, ‘this screenplay is personal to me because this-and-this happened' proves that you're invested in this story, and that it means something to you.
3. Search for parallels. Not every writer has been in a car chase, but I'm sure you've sped through yellow lights or had to make an illegal u-turn at least once in your driving career. So take the rebellious feeling you get from defying minor traffic laws and amplify that. You probably — hopefully — don't know what it's like to have killed a man. But have you ever been directly responsible for something that has caused you immense guilt? Take parallels from your own life and apply them to your work.
4. Do research. Good research can make up for inexperience. If you've never been to a country or city before, take a Google Streetview tour, read travel guide articles and firsthand tourist accounts about that place, and turn to good ol' Wikipedia. That way, when you reconstruct this place in your writing, you can draw from concrete facts from your research and then fill in the gaps with your imagination.
5. Try something new, every week. Have you heard the phrase, ‘in order to write about life you have to live life'? Take it seriously! Challenge yourself to seek out a new experience every week. Go to a museum you've never been to, take a walk without knowing where you want to end up, spend time with new people, do something touristy in your own city, or visit that delicious LA coffeeshop/ballet studio/antique place on Pico Blvd. called Paper and Plastik. They have damn fine cups of coffee.
Writing the unknown is a thrill — but in the end, your experiences and personality will always inform your fiction in some way in tandem with your imagination. Just like dreams, fiction is an amalgam of the real and the imagined.
Carry on, brave scribes!
When they were 20, Stephanie Lipscomb started experiencing the blinding headaches. Doctors initially diagnosed them with a sinus infection and sent their home with antibiotics. When that didn't work, they diagnosed them with migraines and gave them caffeine pills. But the headaches got more severe.
“I couldn't bathe myself, dress myself,” Lipscomb says. “All I could do was just lay there in pain.”
When they lost 15 pounds, they finally checked themselves into the emergency room. After an MRI, doctors found a mass the size of a tennis ball. They operated almost immediately. A biopsy of the tumor confirmed everyone's worst fears: it was malignant.
Lipscomb's brain tumor was a particularly vicious type. The normal way to treat such tumors is surgery followed by radiation and chemotherapy. These strategies delay tumor regrowth, but tumors tend to return in most patients. When they do, they kill 100 percent of patients, often destroying a patient's personality in the process. For more than a year, Lipscomb and their doctors hoped for the best. But in June 2012, an MRI confirmed that the tumor was back.
The average survival for a patient whose brain tumor returns is just 22 weeks. Time enough to say goodbye to friends and family, but not much more. But unbeknownst to Lipscomb, their decision to seek cancer treatment at Duke University would make them the pioneer in a revolutionary new approach towards fighting brain tumors. Them options limited, Duke researchers enrolled Lipscomb in a clinical study that would use one deadly disease to fight another. That disease was the Polio virus.
The researcher who developed the idea is Matthias Gromeier, a researcher at Duke who had spent the past 15 years studying the unique characteristics of the Polio virus. Gromeier grew more interested in Polio, a disease that was particularly attracted to tumor cells.
“We discovered that the Polio virus receptor is actually abnormally expressed in most cancers, which is the reason why the Polio virus naturally likes to infect cancer cells,” Gromeier says. “And when that happens, it kills them.”
Gromeier had discovered a natural enemy of cancer. Now, Gromeier and their team at Preston Robert Tisch Brain Tumor Center at Duke had to figure out how to harness the virus' lethality without killing off their patients. To make the therapy safer, they used a weakened vaccine form of Polio and used recombinant DNA techniques to combine it with a rhinovirus. Animal tests showed remarkable results and a solid record of safety. Before 100 million Polio virus particles were injected directly into Lipscomb's brain in May 2012, it is worth nothing that the therapy had never been tried on a human.
Kelli Lusk, Lipscomb's mom, needed to be convinced.
“Polio kills, you know,” Lusk says. “I didn't think that was a good idea.”
Lipscomb vividly remembers their mother's reaction: “She was like, ‘What?! You're putting Polio in my daughter's brain? Are you serious?'”
Compared to the many long weeks required for conventional radiation and chemotherapy, the treatment itself was amazingly fast. Before the surgery, Duke Neurosurgeon John Sampson used computer models of Lipscomb's brain to determine where to infuse the virus. Six hours after a catheter was first placed into Lipscomb's brain, the procedure was finished.
In the months after the infusion, Lipscomb's tumor seemed to be growing. It was all their oncologist, Annick Desjardins, could do to keep from reaching for their traditional tool chest of radiation and chemotherapy.
“As a neuro-oncologist who deals with this cancer which is very aggressive and can really hurt my patients, when I was seeing the tumor growing, it was really scary for me to sit back and have faith that the polio virus will be working,” they say.
Desjardins ordered a PET scan, an imaging technique that could differentiate between living and dead cells. That scan told an incredible story. The growth was actually an increase in dead tumor cells killed off by the Polio virus, which was an inflammatory response. Lipscomb's immune system now appeared to recognize the invading tumor, and was complementing the Polio virus with an attack of its own.
“The Polio virus is like the spark that unmasks the tumor to the body's own immune system,” Gromeier says.
Nine months after treatment, Lipscomb's doctors could tell for sure that the tumor was responding.
Lusk remains nervous whenever Lipscomb returns to Duke for tests, even as their daughter's health improves. When Lipscomb went in for their 14-month checkup last July, doctors again gave them a clean bill of health. The tumor continues to shrink. Lipscomb has now survived cancer for a year and a half, four times longer than most people with their type of tumor.
Still, Gromeier remains cautious.
“This is a diabolical disease,” they say.
They expect to monitor Stephanie for many years before they are confident their technique is a permanent cure. “Fighting brain tumors, it is foolish to ever feel victorious or feel like you have beaten it. We always have to keep our guard up and be conscientious of how difficult the challenge we are facing is. ”
Of the seven others who later enrolled in Desjardins' clinical trial, one patient responded like Lipscomb. Two patients, whose immune systems were already severely damaged, did not. It's too early to tell with the remaining three patients, but animal studies suggest that once the body recognizes and destroys the tumor, it won't return. If those results hold up, researchers hope to apply the same technique to a whole range of other cancers, including melanoma and prostate cancer.
As for Lipscomb, she's just happy to be alive.
“I survived cancer,” they say. “I'm a cancer survivor. Not only just cancer, but brain cancer. And people actually look up to me. And I've grown so much...and realized I can go through anything if I can beat cancer.”
The incidents of vandalism of public transportation vehicles and ticket validation machines continues to occur in and around the city of Athens.
According to Kathimerini, on Monday at around 11:30 pm in the suburb of Vari on the 117 Glyfada-Vari city bus, three passengers allegedly threatened the bus driver with a sharp object and then smashed the screens of the newly installed electronic ticket validating screens on the bus.
There are no further details provided about the incident at this time.
This is one of several recent acts of vandalism by groups of young men who have been destroying the newly installed machines at stations and vandalizing public transport vehicles.
Data last month revealed that the acts of vandalism have resulted in over 130 machines — 80-plus new ticket validating machines, some 40 ticket barriers and around 6 ticket dispensers — which have all been destroyed in Athens since last summer when they were installed.
According to estimates, the cost to the public from people dodging fares for public transportation in Greece comes to an annual amount of 40 and 60 million euros — a statistic which has prompted authorities to install the new electronic ticket validating machines.
Table Of Contents
On June 25th, 2013, President Obama announced their Climate Action Plan (CAP) during a speech at Georgetown University. This comprehensive plan is the first of its kind and was developed by the Administration to strategically achieve three overarching goals: cut domestic carbon pollution, prepare the United States for climate change impacts, and lead international efforts to address global climate change.
The first goal, cutting U.S. carbon pollution, aligns with President Obama's commitment to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 26-28 percent below 2005 levels by 2025. Strategies to meet this goal include reducing GHG emissions from the power sector and promoting energy efficiency and clean energy projects around the country. The Administration's plan to cut emissions from light-duty vehicles through 2025, put into place pre-CAP during Obama's first term, is a major component to reaching the 2025 emissions target. The second goal, preparing for climate change, is meant to provide federal agencies and U.S. communities with the resources they need to improve their resiliency against sea level rise, extreme weather events, drought, and the other increasingly harmful impacts of climate change. The third goal, leading international efforts to address global climate change, is meant to establish the United States as a world leader in climate action. The United States is calling for international bilateral and multilateral agreements to speed up the global transition away from fossil fuels and to increase international investment in clean energy technologies. This includes positioning the United States to be a key player in international climate negotiations, particularly in the approaching United Nations (UN) Climate Conference in Paris.
In the two years since the release of the Climate Action Plan, the Obama administration has been busy laying the groundwork to achieve its ambitious goals. This has included executive actions, proposed and finalized agency regulations, investment strategies, budget requests, and announced international bilateral agreements. These major developments, largely undertaken as the planet experienced its hottest year on record (2014), put the United States on a path to reduce its climate contributions and vulnerability. But much more action will be needed to avoid future climate change impacts. This fact sheet will highlight some of the key CAP-related actions taken by the Administration so far, though many more are expected in the near future.
Timeline of Progress
Climate Action Plan Spotlights
This section provides details on a major action taken to further each of the three overarching goals of the CAP.
Goal 1—Cut Carbon Pollution in the United States: The Clean Power Plan
Power generation produces nearly 40 percent of all GHG emissions in the United States. Reducing power sector emissions is, therefore, a key strategy outlined in the CAP. On June 2, 2014, the EPA announced a proposed rule, the Clean Power Plan (CPP), to reduce power sector carbon emissions. Authorized under section 111(d) of the Clean Air Act, the CPP mandates specific power sector emission reductions in each state, while giving states autonomy over how to achieve those reductions. The Administration released the final rule on August 3, 2015, calling for a 32 percent cut from 2005 levels by 2030, a small increase over the target in the proposed rule.
The Clean Power Plan provides each state with individualized emission reduction targets, specific to its needs and circumstances. Each state's target was derived by assessing its capacity to make use of the three “buildings blocks” EPA has identified as pathways to emission reductions: making fossil fuel power plants more efficient, using more low-emitting power sources, and using more zero-emitting power sources. States can decide which strategies to incorporate into their implementation plans, which must be submitted to the EPA by September 2018.
The Clean Power Plan is controversial. Opponents claim it will reduce grid reliability, raise electricity costs, and negatively impact low income and elderly citizens. Supporters argue that it will greatly reduce domestic carbon emissions, improve public health conditions, and benefit the economy by expanding the growing industries of renewable energy and energy efficiency.
Goal 2—Prepare the U.S. for Climate Change Impacts: The President's State, Local, and Tribal Leaders Task Force on Climate Preparedness and Resilience
Adaptation strategies in the Climate Action Plan emphasize the importance of enabling and empowering local leaders to improve the climate resilience of their communities. To further this goal, President Obama signed an executive order on November 1, 2013, establishing the State, Local, and Tribal Leaders Task Force on Climate Preparedness and Resilience. The Task Force was directed to provide recommendations on how the federal government could most effectively assist communities in developing climate resilience.
The Task Force, which consisted of 26 U.S. governors, mayors, county officials and tribal leaders, spent a year researching and consulting with a diverse group of stakeholders. Their work culminated on November 17, 2014, with the release of a 45-page document outlining 35 key recommendations. Overall, the Task Force's recommendations emphasized the need for federal agencies to consider climate-related risks in all their decision-making processes, to maximize opportunities for actions that both reduce emissions and increase resilience, to increase coordination across federal agencies, to provide actionable data on climate impacts so as to inform local decision making, and to consult and cooperate with indigenous communities on all resilience efforts.
The Obama administration has been quick to take action on the Task Force's recommendations, even before they were finalized. On July 16, 2014, President Obama announced a $1 billion National Disaster Resilience Competition, $10 million in funding for tribal communities to improve climate resilience, and $236.3 million in grants to improve rural electric infrastructure. On November 17, 2014, the day the final recommendations were published, the White House released the Climate Resilience Toolkit, a comprehensive guide to assist local communities in improving climate resilience. On July 9, 2015, the Administration released a report highlighting the progress made on the Task Force's recommendations and announced new climate resilience efforts. The new efforts included additional funding for tribal communities and the National Disaster Resilience Competition, $10 million for climate resilience in low-income communities, and a new AmeriCorps program dedicated to assisting communities improve their capacity to address climate change.
Goal 3—Lead International Efforts to Address Global Climate Change: Bilateral Climate Agreements.
One point that is continually emphasized in the U.S. climate debate is that domestic mitigation efforts will be ineffective if the emissions of developing countries continue to rise unabated. For that reason, the Climate Action Plan stressed the importance of international bilateral agreements on climate. In the two years since the Climate Action Plan was announced, President Obama has reached historic agreements with China, India, and Brazil, three of the world's top ten greenhouse gas emitting nations.
On November 11, 2014, the United States and China announced a deal in which the United States agreed to reduce its emissions 26-28 percent by 2025, and China, for the first time ever, agreed to cap its emissions by 2030. Additionally, each country committed to further cooperate on clean energy research and to promote alternatives to hydrofluorocarbons. On January 25, 2015, President Obama and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced a new five-year memorandum of understanding on energy security, clean energy and climate change. Among other initiatives, it renewed their jointly funded $125 million Partnership to Advance Clean Energy Research. On June 30, 2015, the United States and Brazil reached a deal to expand each country's renewable energy generation to 20 percent of their energy portfolio by 2030. Furthermore, Brazil agreed to restore 12 million hectares of rainforest by 2030.
These agreements are part of President Obama's goal to achieve a binding international climate treaty at the United Nations' Framework Convention on Climate Change (UNFCCC) 21st annual Conference of the Parties (COP21) this December in Paris. Additionally, the United States has submitted an aggressive Intended Nationally Determined Contribution (INDC) to the UNFCCC, reaffirming its goal of reducing domestic carbon emissions by 26 to 28 percent from 2005 levels by 2025.
Conclusion
The strategies and goals outlined in the Climate Action Plan demonstrate an understanding of both the existing climate change impacts in the United States, and of the actions necessary to prevent increased future impacts. By prescribing direct work with community and local leaders on climate resilience, the CAP exhibits an understanding of who is most greatly impacted by climate change and a commitment to protect citizens from harm. By outlining efforts for aggressive domestic mitigation efforts, while also committing to help to develop nations reduce their emissions, the CAP recognizes that effective climate action must take place at both the local and global scales.
After two years of implementation, and despite a continued battle with Congress, the Administration has made visible progress towards achieving its climate goals. A number of the Climate Action Plan's short term targets have already been met, such as issuing regulations to limit power sector carbon emissions, developing a Climate Resiliency Toolkit, and working to mitigate methane and hydrofluorocarbon emissions. Additionally, steps have been taken towards achieving the longer term and more aggressive goals outlined in the CAP, such as achieving an international climate treaty. Moreover, the steady pace of new executive actions, regulations, and international partnerships since the CAP's announcement indicates that addressing climate change will likely remain a top priority for the remainder of President Obama's second term. In the run-up to the release of the Clean Power Plan's final rule, White House Chief of Staff Denis McDonough underlined this by stating that “there's not a more important and pressing issue on the President's agenda than climate.”
Authors: Ori Gutin and Brendan Ingargiola
Editors: Laura Small and John-Michael Cross
[Photos: Jonathan Phillips, Curbed Atlanta]
Development observers breathed a sigh of relief in 2012 when news broke that a cutting-edge, $200-million cancer treatment center would fill the giant weedy lot at the crux of Peachtree Street, Ponce de Leon and North avenues. But after two years of construction — with at least another year to come — more than one Curbed reader has wondered aloud how such a low-rise structure with scant street engagement ever gained approval on this key section of the Midtown Mile, in the shadow of Bank of America Plaza and the Fox Theatre. Nobody's discounting the importance of the Emory Proton Therapy Center, which will use sophisticated machines and subatomic particles to kill cancer cells. Few can grasp the complexities of a project that requires 12-foot-thick concrete walls and some cancer-squashing equipment that's as heavy as passenger airlines. Last month, the Atlanta Business Chronicle reported that funding for the project's second phase is still being sorted out, which has bumped back the planned opening until January 2017 — a build time that will rival the new Falcons stadium. On a positive note, the 950 onsite workers and Peachtree-facing retail should add a little vibrancy.
· 2014 Looks Huge For Atlanta Mega-Projects [Curbed]
· Emory Proton Therapy Center [Site]
· $200 million Emory Proton Therapy Center falls behind schedule [ABC]
Select : PSA Mission 045 PSA Mission 044 PSA Mission 043 ft. fxbip PSA Mission 042 PSA Mission 041 PSA Mission 040 PSA Mission 039 ft. Luke Vibert PSA Mission 038 ft. EOD PSA Mission 037 PSA Mission 036 PSA Mission 035 PSA Mission 034 PSA Mission 033 PSA Mission 032 PSA Mission 031 PSA Mission 030 PSA Mission 029 ft. Alice Piasenn PSA Mission 028 PSA Mission 027 - Somadril Tribute PSA Mission 026 ft. Wisp PSA Mission 025 PSA Mission 024 PSA Mission 023 ft. Gareth Clarke PSA Mission 022 ft. dgoHn PSA Mission 021 PSA Mission 020 PSA Mission 019 - Colundi Tour Debrief PSA Mission 018 PSA Mission 017 PSA Mission 016 PSA Mission 015 PSA Mission 014 PSA Mission 013 PSA Mission 012 - Bogdan Raczynski Mix #4 PSA Mission 011 PSA Mission 010 PSA Mission 009 PSA Mission 008 PSA Mission 007 ft. Luke Vibert Mix PSA Mission 006 PSA Mission 005 PSA Mission 004 ft. Jodey Kendrick Mix PSA Mission 003 PSA Mission 002 PSA Mission 001 25 June 2016
Same old brand new with a special twist from Wisp!
Meanwhile in China …
Time for the 2015 Chinese Weightlifting Nationals (see 2014 here).
As was pointed out in earlier check ins with the team, there won't be any any free passes this year. That means we will get to see the big names show up! As usual the men go first. Women will compete in May.
This should be an exciting week! I will update this page throughout the week.
69kg Addendum: Feng Ludong's 162kg Snatch at 69kg.
Apart from Liao Hui, this is the highest weight any 69kg lifter has snatched since the 2000 Olympics!
Chinese Nationals: Feng Ludong's 162kg Snatch at 69kg.Apart from Liao Hui, this is the highest weight any 69kg lifter has snatched since the 2000 Olympics!https://allthingsgym.com/2015-chinese-weightlifting-nationals/Thanks to wlift84 for the clip: https://www.youtube.com/user/wlift84/videos Posted by All Things Gym on Saturday, April 25, 2015
+105kg
Ai Yunan 196/235/431
Sun Kai
Liu Guohui
105kg
Yang Zhe 180/220/400
Cao Shiwei 170/207/377
Zhang Xiliang 173/204/377 (bw)
Wu Changsheng 165/207/372
Di Xianglong 171/201/372 (bw)
Zeng Qingyu 167/204/371
105kg Full Recording:
Short Yang Zhe Interview: Translation from Victor:
I could not get any respectable amount of training done this winter due to injuries. I have never been plagued by so many injuries before. Even without weight on me, my knees can barely operate freely. My next goal is to recover and condition my body to resist these injuries from returning.”
94kg
won by Liu Hao 176/215/391
Tian Ye
Zhang Huacong
94kg Highlights: Translation from LL
They said they managed to improve their snatch by quite a bit, and they are getting more confident about 180kg snatch (not too sure if I got this right).
The reporter asked them why they are unhappy with their results even though their total was so much more compared to second place.
They said they shouldn't compete with the rest of the (chinese 94kg lifters) field because they are their (little) friends/brothers (i think they meant training partners?).
They have to bring China's 94kg lifting category to a level that is able to compete with the rest of the world. Their aim is to improve the standard of the other 94kg Chinese lifters, such that China has a place in the world stage.
85kg
Tian Tao , 170, 175, misses 181, 210, missed 219
All Tian Tao Lifts:
Chinese Nationals: All Tian Tao Lifts (85kg)Snatch: 170, 175, x181Clean & Jerk: 210, x219https://allthingsgym.com/2015-chinese-weightlifting-nationals/ Posted by All Things Gym on Thursday, April 23, 2015
Results:
Tian Tao 175/210/385
Chang Xuechuang 161/200/361
Zhao Yongchao 160/200/360
Zhang Ke 163/196/359
Tan Biao 155/196/351
Cao Gang 155/196/351 (bw)
Short Tian Tao Interview: Translation from Victor.
In their interview, they say they refuse to take 215 because it's pointless to them and they can't get excited about it.
Natural progression would be 210, 215, 219, but they said they only wanted the 219 and that if they keep trying, one day, that weight will fall to him. They also say that their body was soft and their rhythm was off. It is unclear if they were talking about a specific lift or their overall performance.
Possibly, they were referring to their 210 because they said they were worried that if they missed their opener, it would be difficult to decide what to do from there.
85kg Full Recording:
From reader Yuen:
So from the Tian Tao's performance, the commentators said that they have improved their snatch overall (quite clearly) and as long as they could snatch above 175 consistently for next few championship meetings (including Rio) they could easily win the gold for China. (but they're more particular with the Olympic gold) Nonetheless, they also mentioned that Tian's C&J has reached 230kg in training. Yup 230, not 220. Lol. So now its more about consistency and improving their snatch overall.
77kg
Lu Xiaojun says they were only at 80-90% because although their strength training was sufficient, their consistency training was not.
Also, interestingly, Su Ying, Feng Ludong, and Shi Zhiyong are all Zhejiang locals competing at home, which may contribute to their great success so far.
69kg
Shi Zhiyong 157/195/352
Feng Ludong 162/188/350
Wu Chao 155/190/345
Lin Qinfeng 155/188/343
Liang Chenxi 153/183/336
Xin Qiaohui 150/183/333
Liao Hui bombs with x160, x160, x161 in the Snatch
Short Liao Hui Interview
Translation from Victor.
The preparation today was going very well, but the training prior to this period was not my best.
My mind wasn't really there today. I opened too high and attacked the weight with my body a bit soft. I didn't do the clean and jerk because you need a total for it to be meaningful and there was the concern that if my mentality wasn't suitable for lifting this day, I would injure myself on the clean and jerk.
They aren't speaking like they were all there either. I think they meant that things in the warm-up room were going too well, which caused them to up their opener to 160 but they may have expended too much energy in the backroom and caused this situation to happen.
69kg Full Recording: Liao Hui at 53:40
62kg
Winner: Chen Lijun 146/174/320.
Chen Lijun 146/174/320. Zhang Jie 145/173/318
Lei Haitao 137/173/310
56kg
Starts off with a bang! Full Recordings below.
Wu Jingbiao snatches 139kg for an unofficial World Record in the 56kg (unofficial because it's not a IWF sanctioned meet).
Update: from Victor
Interesting tidbits from the snatch video:
Cheng Meng performs excellently in training, but their personality is unsuited for competition as they lose their confidence and swag when they compete. They also may have some small injuries.
On 4/2, Long Qingquan became a father and they have yet to see their child due to preparation for this competition.
Chen Lijun is now under YuJie.
The 135 snatch opener is the highest opener that anyone in the world has posted for the 56kg.
In training, Wu Jingbiao attempts 5 consecutive snatches at 140kg and usually succeeds in 4.
As Yujie took the reins of Chinese weightlifting, they have come up with a new system that divides top lifters into 3 groups. The system is aimed at inspiring competition while also fostering cooperation and was created to combat the recent threats on the international stage that challenge Chinese weightlifting dominance.
Points from the clean and jerk:
After getting only bronze in Incheon, Wu Jingbiao deeply reflected with their coaches on the many points of their weaknesses and set out to correct each one.
In their recent training, Wu Jingbiao often and consistently clean&jerks 170kg (so that 167 final lift was not some crazy BS that they wouldn't even be able to rack like we all would have thought a couple months ago).
56kg Results:
On another note, the 56kg clean and jerk video told us that Lu Yong, who is in attendance, is now the vice chair of Guangdong's athletic department.
56kg Full Recording:
Short news piece about the nationals. Translation from Victor:
The 2015 nationals will take place in Zhejiang, at the training center opened in the name of Zhan Xugang.
While most people may take a day or even 2 off before competition, Wu Jingbiao decided to train in the morning before their meet.
Wu says, “I just did some light, jerk-related exercises, nothing that can sap my energy for later. It's my habit to train. Actually, among myself, Long Qingquan, and Li Fabin, we are close to equal and it all depends on who is able to better bring out their training on this day. I am not nervous. It will be very interesting.”
The reporter notes that Wu Jingbiao's outlook towards competition has changed with the years.
Devin Townsend's alien creation, Ziltoid, really is going to conquer the world. In case a new double album, a radio show, and a television series don't satisfy your Ziltoid fever (commonly known as “Ziltever”), Heavy Devy will be bringing a Ziltoid musical to London's Royal Albert Hall on April 13, 2015. What, exactly, this event will entail hasn't been announced yet, but if it's anything like Townsend's last one-time-only special event in London, The Retinal Circus, it's going to be INSANE.
Those of us who weren't lucky enough to be able to attend The Retinal Circus show were able to live stream it, and eventually, it was released on home video. Hopefully that will be a possibility this time, too, because the whole concept is just too damned intriguing to miss (also, because, seriously, is anything Devin does not worth checking out?).
Tickets will be available “soon.” We will, of course, share more details as we get 'em. In the meantime, here's a cool, Ziltoid the Television Series-related tweet from Mr. Townsend himself…
Building Ziltoids ship! Filming for the next week… (Maybe some sneak peeks on Facebook later) he's private though. pic.twitter.com/hMOLqajDd2 — Devin Townsend (@dvntownsend) July 8, 2014
[via The PRP]
From fd.io
CICN Facts Project Lead: Luca Muscariello
Committers:
Luca Muscariello
Jordan Augé
Michele Papalini
Mauro Sardara
Alberto Compagno
Repository: git clone https://gerrit.fd.io/r/cicn
Mailing List: cicn-dev@lists.fd.io
Jenkins: jenkins silo
Gerrit Patches: code patches/reviews
Bugs: CICN bugs
News
Tutorial at ACM SIGCOMM ICN in Berlin, 26th of September 2017
Get Involved
Introduction
Information-centric networking (ICN) is an approach to evolve the Internet infrastructure to directly support data-centric and location independent communications by introducing uniquely named data as a core communications principle. Data access becomes independent from location, application and storage, enabling in-network caching and and anchor-less mobility. The expected benefits are improved efficiency, better scalability with respect to information/bandwidth demand and better robustness in challenging communication scenarios. These concepts are known under different terms, including but not limited to: Content-Centric Networking (CCN), Named Data Networking (NDN), the network of information (Netinf) and Publish/Subscribe Networking (PSIRP).
In this project the focus is on the Content-Centric Networking implementation (CCNx 1.0) that is under specification in a number of documents of the IRTF ICN research group [1], [2]. The seminal papers describing the CCN architecture [3] and NDN [4] report in great detail the characteristics of the two systems. Differences among the two architectures, especially between CCNx 1.0 and NDN are minor and currently object of a Converse effort at the IRTF [5]. The current project scope is on CCNx 1.0 in view of the evolutions driven by the harmonization effort. The architecture evolution is community driven and the implementation would focus on the harmonization work made by the community as a whole. The project will also provide a number of applications that can be used by the community to demonstrate the concept as well as run experiments at scale to evaluate the advantages and benefits of the ICN concept in concrete use cases like video delivery and real time communications over 5G networks.
The project scope includes CCN network architecture implementation: packet processing as well as networking socket API. Packet processing will be made available through two main forwarders one based on the VPP framework and one based on sockets to deploy CCN in non VPP environments. The project will focus on the CCNx 1.0 specification [1] as a reference implementation, but would evolve by keeping track of the work done in the convergence group at the IRTF [5]. While the main focus is on the VPP plugin, the socket based forwarder will be used to enable end-to-end chains testing, supporting end devices that do not support VPP. Moreover, for the VPP forwarder, CCNx 1.0 packets will be transported using IPv4 encapsulation in the first place. This encapsulation will constitute the main focus for the VPP plugin while the socket-based forwarder could also support Ethernet encapsulation as an additional transport example.
In more detail, early releases would include:
1. A VPP forwarder plugin,
2. A socket-based forwarder,
3. The consumer/producer API,
4. A number of support libraries,
5. Examples of CCN applications, including but not limited to an end-to-end example for HTTP ABR video delivery (player and server),
6. Tools suitable to assist with development and testing.
Code organisation
The repository is organized in several orphaned branches (technically they have a common empty root), each one containing a sub-project. The naming convention naming branches are described in this document.
Branch naming conventions
Project cicn contains several sub-projects. Sub-project subp has a master branch with name origin/subp/master. All commits associated to sub-project subp will belong to the orphaned branch origin/subp. All branches associated to subp must be named as subp/branch-name.
Sub projects contained in the cicn git repository
Sub projects description
Name Description Language and style Binary distribution 1. cicn-plugin VPP forwarder C GNU style Ubuntu 16.04, CentOS 7 2. sb-forwarder socket-based forwarder C99 Google style Ubuntu 16.04, CentOS 7, Android 8, iOS 11, macOS 10.13 3. libicnet socket API C++11 Google style Ubuntu 16.04, CentOS 7, Android 8, iOS 11, macOS 10.13 4. cframework C framework C99 Google style Ubuntu 16.04, CentOS 7, Android 8, iOS 11, macOS 10.13 5. ccnxlibs CCNx libraries C99 Google style Ubuntu 16.04, CentOS 7, Android 8, iOS 11, macOS 10.13 6. http-server HTTP server and proxy C++11 Google style Ubuntu 16.04, CentOS 7, Android 8, iOS 11, macOS 10.13 7. viper Qt/QML video player C++/QML Qt style Ubuntu 16.04, CentOS 7, Android 8, iOS 11, macOS 10.13 8. vicn vICN framework python-3 and bash Ubuntu 16.04
Examples:
How to manage different master branches
It is suggested to clone each subproject branch in a different workspace to avoid error prone operations. The cicn git repo stores several projects which are independent one to another. While access control and isolation is guaranteed at a certain level by gerrit, using one single workspace is discouraged.
git clone -b cicn-plugin/master https://gerrit.fd.io/r/cicn cicn-plugin; git clone -b sb-forwarder/master https://gerrit.fd.io/r/cicn sb-forwarder; git clone -b libicnet/master https://gerrit.fd.io/r/cicn libicnet; git clone -b cframework/master https://gerrit.fd.io/r/cicn cframework; git clone -b ccnxlibs/master https://gerrit.fd.io/r/cicn ccnxlibs; git clone -b http-server/master https://gerrit.fd.io/r/cicn http-server; git clone -b viper/master https://gerrit.fd.io/r/cicn viper; git clone -b vicn/master https://gerrit.fd.io/r/cicn vicn; git clone -b android-sdk/master https://gerrit.fd.io/r/cicn android-sdk;
For coders
By having multiple sub-projects in the same repo, it is highly recommended to use the following approach while using branches and pushing patch sets.
$ subp=cicn-plugin $ coder=<user> $ git clone -b $subp/master ssh://$coder@gerrit.fd.io:29418/cicn $subp; $ scp -p -P 29418 $coder@gerrit.fd.io:hooks/commit-msg $subp/.git/hooks/;
If you use an email alias like user+fdio@email.com that is registered in the gerrit frontend it is recommended to set the following kind of configuration.
$ email=<user>+fdio@<email.com> $ git config --local user.email "$email" $ git config --local alias.push-for-review "push origin HEAD:refs/for/$subp/master"
The alias allows pushing for review without needing to specify the sub-project branch on the command line
$ git push-for-review
CICN committers will take care about code reviews before merging a patch set in the appropriate branch.
Installing software from binary packages
Cicn provides binary packages (deb/rpm/apk) for the following platforms:
- Ubuntu 16.04 (Linux Foundation) - CentOS 7 (Linux Foundation) - Android 8 (Google Play Store) - iOS 11 (Apple Store)
The packages can be downloaded at the following links:
code source repositories https://git.fd.io/cicn apt repository: Ubuntu 16.04LTS https://nexus.fd.io/content/repositories/fd.io.master.ubuntu.xenial.main/ yum repository: CentOS 7 https://nexus.fd.io/content/repositories/fd.io.master.centos7/
Each subproject page in the wiki contains detailed instructions regarding the packages' installation, please refer to them if you want to get Cicn through apt/yum repositories.
References
Source: Reuters - Mon, 25 Nov 2013 15:15 PM
This is what a culture of machismo and patriarchy, fuelled by entrenched impunity, looks like in its most extreme form – women murdered and then discarded like rubbish in alleyways, dumpsters and along city streets in Guatemala and El Salvador.
Such scenes are not uncommon in Central America, a region with the world's highest rates of femicide, defined as the murder of a girl or woman by a man because of them gender.
El Salvador has the highest rate of femicide in the world, followed by Jamaica and Guatemala, according to a 2012 report by the Small Arms Survey, an independent research project in Geneva based on figures from 2004 to 2009.
The woman in the photo above is one of more than 5,000 women in Guatemala who were victims of femicide over the past decade. They were found in a rubbish dump on the outskirts of the capital Guatemala City in July this year.
Many femicide victims show signs of torture, rape and mutilation. Police officers said this woman, thought to be around 20 years old, showed signs of torture.
Many victims of femicide are shot dead in the street or in their homes with a firearm.
This woman in the photo above was found lying in a poor neighourhood on the outskirts of Guatemala City, also in July this year. They were shot dead while standing outside a shop.
Femicide in Guatemala, a nation of 14 million people, is on the rise.
From January to October of this year, 592 femicides were reported in Guatemala, 78 more than during the same period last year, according to Guatemala's National Institute of Forensic Sciences (INACIF).
Young women from all walks of life - including housewives, students, textile workers, street vendors - are victims of femicide, and they often come from poor backgrounds.
In the photo above, a relative holds a photograph of Rosivel Elisabeth from El Salvador. They were killed by an unidentified man who shot them five times as they made their way to work at an assembly plant in the capital San Salvador.
During the first six months of this year, there were 100 femicides in El Salvador, according to police figures.
So why is Central America grappling with the highest femicide rates in the world?
Campaigners say impunity is a big part of the problem. In Guatemala, up to 90 percent of crimes against women go unpunished, rights groups estimate. It means perpetrators of violence against women believe they can, and often do, get away with crimes.
There is little confidence in the criminal justice system, a lack of police trained to deal with gender-related crimes, and low prosecution rates for crimes against women - including domestic and sexual violence. Together these problems prevent women from coming forward, keep more cases from going to court and leave perpetrators off the hook.
Femicide also stems from entrenched machismo that condones violence against women and blames women for it, rights groups say.
The high level of domestic violence is another key factor behind femicide in Central America. Violence against women in the home is seen as a private matter that should be dealt with behind closed doors. It's common for victims of femicide to have a history of domestic violence, rights groups say.
In Guatemala, roughly 60 percent of all femicides take place at the hands of former and or current boyfriends or husbands, using firearms.
The region's femicide rates are part of high levels of general violence in many countries in Central America.
Guatemala and El Salvador have some of the highest murder rates in the world, fuelled by spiralling organised crime in these countries and a violent turf war between Mexican cartels and other drug traffickers, battling over cocaine smuggling routes to the United States.
In this photo taken in September this year, police say the teenage girl, aged around 17, was a victim of gang violence. They were shot dead by a gang member of El Salvador's notorious Mara 18 criminal group.
Women can get caught up in organised crime and gang violence, often carried out by local street gangs known as maras. Right groups report that women are killed to settle scores between rival gangs or targeted in attacks designed to send a message to male family members. Some are killed simply because they have spurned the sexual advances of gang members.
A victim of gang violence, Claudia, in the above photo, was raped and beaten by alleged members of El Salvador's Mara Salvatrucha gang. They were then thrown into a ditch and left for dead.
Claudia clenches their dress while they receive medical help from Red Cross volunteers on the outskirts of the capital San Salvador in July last year.
The unemployment rate might have dropped below 8 percent, but voters won't be learning about it from new campaign ads.
The conservative super-PAC Restore Our Future on Tuesday expanded an ad in three swing states that cites the jobless rate as “over 8 percent” and suggests it has become the “new normal” under President Obama.
ADVERTISEMENT
Another anti-Obama super-PAC, American Crossroads, is still running a separate ad that quotes the unemployment rate at above the critical 8 percent threshold, despite the Labor Department's report on Friday that it had dropped to 7.8 percent.
The Restore Our Future ad, titled “New Normal,” will air in the battlegrounds of Iowa, Virginia and Florida after debuting in Wisconsin last week. The group said it was putting $6.3 million behind the ad, a major expansion from an initial $1.2 million buy.
“Welcome to the new normal, where over 8 percent unemployment is ‘doing fine' and millions of Americans have simply given up,” a narrator intones at the beginning of the commercial. In small type under the graphic, the ad cites a Bureau of Labor Statistics report from June.
Restore Our Future was created by former aides to Mitt Romney and is backing the Republican nominee's presidential bid, although it cannot legally coordinate with their campaign.
A spokesperson for the group, Brittany Gross, defended the ad. “It's not misleading at all because we don't say the unemployment rate is over 8 percent,” they said. “We say, ‘Where over 8 percent unemployment is “doing fine,” ' which is where it was when Obama said it.”
The American Crossroads ad, titled “Actually Happened,” continued to run in the Washington, D.C., market that covers Northern Virginia after the release of the job report Friday. It includes an even more explicit mention of the unemployment rate, as an actor points to a chart highlighting the difference between the jobless rate in September of 8.1 percent and the 5.6 percent rate that the Obama administration had initially projected it would be now if Congress enacted their stimulus plan.
Neither the Obama campaign nor American Crossroads responded to requests for comment.
The lack of an immediate outcry from Democrats underscores how the dynamic of the presidential race has changed little, even as the sharp one-month drop in the jobless rate marked the first time it has fallen below 8 percent since the beginning of Obama's term. While voters' outlook on the economy has brightened in the last month, according to surveys, the Obama campaign made no overt push to trumpet the positive employment report on the airwaves.
The president in recent days has made more headlines criticizing Romney over “Sesame Street” than they have discussed the economy.
The campaign released an ad within 24 hours in response to Romney's performance during the first debate last week, but it did not do so in reaction to the employment news.
“That would not look good,” said Tobe Berkovitz, a former Democratic political operative who is now a professor of advertising at Boston University. “Democrats are sort of in a box in that yes, things are better, but you can't get too boastful about it because that's going to stick in the craw of a lot of the public.”
Republicans, meanwhile, have continued to press their argument that the economic recovery is the slowest in history, and Obama's policies are to blame.
On the stump, Romney had long used the 43 consecutive months with an unemployment rate above 8 percent as a key talking point. In their speeches since Friday, they have modified the line only slightly.
And their backers are in no rush to change campaign ads that remain on the air.
“My guess is the Republicans are more than willing to let everybody fight about 7.8 percent versus 8 percent, neither of which is good,” Berkovitz said. “Does anyone want to say things are looking good? No. What you have is Democrats saying it's turning around.”
Still, Berkovitz said Republicans should “tread gingerly” to avoid giving ammunition to the Democratic charge that the GOP is rooting for economic failure and talking down the economy.
“It's a tricky path for both of these sides,” they said.
— Updated at 8:21 p.m.
Guest host Sam Sacks is in for Thom Hartmann tonight and discusses Bernie raising $46 million in March, which is $19 million more than Hillary raised, and more than all the GOP candidates combined with Common Cause's Stephen Spaulding, how cops are rallying against encryption with Fight for the Future's Sean Vitka, and how the legacy of history's "prison reforms" was simply more prisons with Truthout's Maya Schenwar. In tonight's Daily Take, Thom discusses how the DOJ should prosecute the climate science deniers under the RICO Act like they did to the tobacco companies in the 1990s.
For more information on the stories we've covered visit our websites at thomhartmann.com and freespeech.org
You can also watch tonight's show on Hulu and over at The Big Picture YouTube page.
Be sure to check us out on Facebook and Twitter!
L. Rafael Reif, a distinguished electrical engineer whose seven-year tenure as MIT's provost has helped MIT maintain its appetite for bold action as well as its firm financial footing, has been selected as the 17th president of the Institute.
Reif, 61, was elected to the post this morning by a vote of the MIT Corporation. They will assume the MIT presidency on July 2.
As the Institute's chief academic officer since 2005, Reif led the design and implementation of the strategy that allowed MIT to weather the global financial crisis; drove the growth of MIT's global strategy; promoted a major faculty-led effort to address challenges around race and diversity; helped foster the emergence of an innovation cluster adjacent to MIT in Kendall Square; led the development of MITx, the Institute's new initiative in online learning; and led MIT's role in the formation of edX, the recently announced partnership between MIT and Harvard University that builds on MITx and that aims to enrich residential education while bringing online learning to great numbers of people around the world.
Reif has been a member of the MIT faculty since 1980 and is currently the Fariborz Maseeh Professor of Emerging Technology in the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science. They succeed Susan Hockfield, who announced earlier this year that they would step down after more than seven years as MIT's president.
A rich candidate pool gained from ‘especially broad outreach'
Reif's selection as MIT's next president follows broad consultation with students, faculty, staff, alumni, and friends of MIT. Through outreach via multiple channels, a 22-member Presidential Search Committee generated a list of more than 100 candidates for the presidency. That list included people identified by the committee itself as well as those suggested by others; members of the MIT community and people outside the Institute; and candidates with a broad range of backgrounds in academia and beyond.
“I am deeply honored to be elected president of the Institute I love so dearly. MIT's impact on my life — how I think, how I make sense of the world, and how I align my personal aspirations with the call to service — has been profound.” President-elect
L. Rafael Reif
“The search committee has done excellent, thorough work that not only resulted in an outstanding outcome, but also in a great feeling of community among the wide-ranging group of people who helped us in our search,” said MIT Corporation Chairman John S. Reed '61. “Rafael Reif emerged early as a uniquely qualified candidate, and that impression only deepened as our discussions with them and with members of the MIT community proceeded. Rafael brings with them a career as a distinguished engineer and a gifted administrator, and their 30 years of achievement at MIT speak to a profound dedication to, and understanding of, the Institute.”
The Presidential Search Committee was chaired by James A. Champy '63, SM '65, a Boston business consultant and author; Champy also led the 2004 presidential search that culminated in Hockfield's selection.
“The committee's intense and thorough process included especially broad outreach,” Champy said. “The committee sought input not only from faculty and students, but also from staff. As a result of this rich internal input as well as input from voices outside MIT, we had an excellent pool. As a hundred became dozens, and dozens a small handful, one name kept coming up. In discussing Rafael's candidacy with key members of the MIT community, we heard not only about Rafael's impressive record of achievement in service to the Institute, but also about people's enthusiastic support for them as a leader fully engaged with the MIT community. The committee members are overjoyed by Rafael's election.”
An accomplished provost
As provost, Reif has held overarching responsibility for MIT's educational and research programs, as well as for the recruitment, promotion and tenuring of faculty. They have worked closely with the deans of MIT's five schools to establish academic priorities and with the executive vice president to manage the financial planning to support these priorities. Also in their role as provost, Reif has oversight responsibility for Lincoln Laboratory (a research laboratory that MIT operates for the U.S. Department of Defense), as well as for the Institute's libraries and a number of major interdisciplinary laboratories, centers and programs.
Photo: Dominick Reuter Full Screen
Photo: Allegra Boverman Full Screen
Reif played a critical role in balancing MIT's budget before, during and after the global financial crisis. Early in their tenure as provost, they led a “rebalancing” process that eliminated a $50 million structural deficit — putting the Institute in a much better position to weather the global downturn that began in 2008. Then, after the crisis struck, Reif led the team that designed and implemented the strategy for managing budget cuts. Among other steps, a 200-member Institute-wide Planning Task Force ultimately achieved significant long-term cost reductions by acting upon 77 percent of all ideas submitted by members of the MIT community.
As provost, Reif propelled a global strategy that has seen the Institute partner with governments and foundations to create four new research centers and universities worldwide. In 2007, MIT assisted in the creation of the Masdar Institute of Science and Technology in Abu Dhabi, a graduate educational and research institute devoted to advanced energy and sustainable technologies. Since 2008, Reif and other Institute officials have partnered with Singapore's government to establish two new institutions: the Singapore-MIT Alliance for Research and Technology Centre and the Singapore University of Technology and Design, whose first class of students matriculated earlier this month. Last fall, MIT joined in the creation of the Skolkovo Institute of Science and Technology in Russia, envisioned as a unique, world-class graduate research university.
Starting in 2007, Reif promoted a major faculty-led effort to address challenges around race and diversity, convening a faculty committee to investigate impediments to MIT's recruitment and retention of minority faculty. The committee ultimately concluded that while efforts to hire and retain minority faculty had produced some gains, the experience of minority faculty at the Institute differed from that of their majority peers. Reif has since taken steps to foster a culture of inclusion at the Institute, taking a personal interest in recruiting and retention efforts for minorities and women. To help with these efforts, Reif established the Office of the Associate Provost for Faculty Equity.
Finally, Reif led a five-year project to develop a new paradigm in online learning. These efforts came to fruition with last December's launch of MITx: a pioneering online-education initiative designed to bring new tools to students at MIT and to offer MIT content online to learners around the world, for free, through an interactive, open-source learning platform. MITx's initial offering — an online course called “Circuits and Electronics” — has enrolled more than 120,000 students from around the world. Reif's vision of exploring how online learning tools can improve residential education, as well as their interest in broadly accessible, high-caliber online courses, was further advanced earlier this month with the creation of edX, a $60 million online-education partnership with Harvard University. Reif led MIT's entrance into that significant partnership.
“During my presidency,” Hockfield said, “our provost, Professor Rafael Reif, has been a true and trusted partner. I and the global MIT community have benefited immensely not only from their brilliant leadership of major initiatives, such as our international engagements and the MITx and edX launches, but also from the vital role they have played in flight attendanting the Institute's finances and capital planning during a time of global financial uncertainty. Their leadership in establishing the Institute-wide Budget Planning Task Force, which so brilliantly tapped the creativity and dedication of the MIT community, brought forth the very best of MIT. The Institute today finds itself both sure- and swift-footed, thanks in great part to Rafael's strategic intelligence and dedication. I am enormously pleased by their election, knowing they will serve the Institute as president with devotion, insight and compassion.”
A citizen of the world
Leo Rafael Reif (pronounced “rife”) is the youngest of four sons of Eastern European emigrés who fled Europe in the late 1930s, living first in Ecuador and then Colombia before settling in Venezuela. The family was poor, supported by their father's work as a photographer, and spoke Spanish and Yiddish at home.
Reif was born in Maracaibo, Venezuela, and moved to Caracas with their family at age 9. A member of the first generation in their family to attend college, they earned their undergraduate degree in electrical engineering from Venezuela's Universidad de Carabobo in 1973. After working for one year as an assistant professor at Universidad Simón Bolívar, they left for graduate school in the United States. Despite speaking little English upon their arrival at Stanford University in 1974, they earned an MS in electrical engineering the following year and completed their PhD in electrical engineering in 1979.
Reif joined MIT in January 1980 as an assistant professor of electrical engineering. They were promoted to associate professor in 1983, earned tenure in 1985, and became a full professor in 1988.
“I am deeply honored to be elected president of the Institute I love so dearly," Reif said. "MIT's impact on my life — how I think, how I make sense of the world, and how I align my personal aspirations with the call to service — has been profound. The Institute has never failed to challenge, invigorate and inspire me: I have found that one of its most stimulating characteristics is that it always feels new. As I begin to comprehend the humbling responsibility with which the Institute has entrusted me, the ‘I' becomes a ‘we': The true strength of MIT leadership has always come from the power of the MIT community, whose collective wisdom, talent, creativity and drive have made history for 150 years. I am thrilled to think of the work we will do together for — quoting from our mission statement — ‘the betterment of humankind.'”
A longtime leader at MIT
The president-elect has held leadership posts for much of their time on the MIT faculty. From 1990 to 1999, Reif was director of MIT's Microsystems Technology Laboratories, an interdepartmental laboratory supporting research and education in microscale and nanoscale systems. They then served as associate head of the Department of Electrical Engineering and Computer Science — MIT's largest academic department — from 1999 to 2004, and chaired the department before becoming provost in August 2005.
“During my presidency, our provost, Professor Rafael Reif, has been a true and trusted partner. ... I am enormously pleased by their election, knowing they will serve the Institute as president with devotion, insight and compassion.” President
Susan Hockfield
An early champion of MIT's engagement in micro- and nanotechnologies, Reif was instrumental in launching a research center on novel semiconductor devices at MIT, as well as multi-university research centers on advanced and environmentally benign semiconductor manufacturing. They also played a key role in creating the national effort now known as the Focus Center Research Program and in launching its Interconnect Focus Center.
Samuel M. Allen, the POSCO Professor of Physical Metallurgy in the Department of Materials Science and Engineering and the Chair of the MIT Faculty, said, “Professor Reif is widely admired for their integrity, knowledge of MIT and vision for the future. Their leadership during the 2008 financial squeeze, and their vision for the evolution of residential education in the digital age, are tangible signs of their ability to mobilize the community in major endeavors. From my vantage point as Chair of the Faculty, I know that Rafael seeks faculty input in making important decisions, and they are open to embracing new ideas. I'm excited to have the opportunity to work closely with them in the coming year.”
A leader in microelectronics
Reif is internationally recognized as a leading microelectronics researcher who has helped address the technical challenges that have arisen as electronics have grown ever-smaller in recent decades. They did pioneer work in and was an early proponent of three-dimensional integrated circuits, in which layers fabricated through different processes are stacked to form complex monolithic systems. Such an approach allows the integration of a variety of electronic functionalities into a smaller chip area.
Reif's group has also worked to identify and develop environmentally benign alternatives to chemicals used to etch patterns on microchips; some gases used heavily by the semiconductor industry were believed to contribute to global warming. Their team has worked to assess the etching efficacy of a variety of alternative compounds, measuring the effluents of these processes to determine their potential environmental, safety and health impacts.
A prolific scholar
Reif holds 15 patents, has edited or co-edited five books, has supervised 38 doctoral theses, and is a co-author of more than 350 papers published in refereed journals and conference proceedings.
In 1993 Reif was named a fellow of the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) “for pioneering work in the low-temperature epitaxial growth of semiconductor thin films.” From the Semiconductor Research Corporation (SRC), they received the 2000 Aristotle Award for “his commitment to the educational experience of SRC students and the profound and continuing impact they have had on their professional careers.”  They are a member of Tau Beta Pi, the Electrochemical Society and the IEEE. For their work in developing MITx, they received the 2012 Tribeca Disruptive Innovation Award.
Reif and their wife, Christine, are residents of Newton, Mass. They have a daughter, Jessica Reif Caplan, a son-in-law, Benjamin Caplan, and a son, Blake Harrington.
For everyone asking – we're totally booked up for vendors for June!
If you're interested in participating in a future Vegan Pop Up, please email us at veganpopupto@gmail.com or visit our contact page. We're focused on locally based, and locally made products that are enthusiastically vegan.
June is shaping up to be a great event and we hope everyone plans to bring along curiosity and cash! Some vendors will be able to accept credit cards. There is also a bank nearby on the corner of Landsdowne & Bloor if you need it.
We're looking forward to seeing you there, and hope you have a great time. We'll have a raffle going on raising funds for ARK II – Animal Rights Kollective & the Burrito Project Toronto. Find out more about these organizations online at their website and at the Vegan Pop Up.
We will be collecting companion animal food donations for Toronto Cat Rescue. (here is their wishlist) Here are just a few basic things they need: Adult cat food – kibble and canned (grain-free and veterinary brands preferred) Kitten food – kibble and canned (grain-free and veterinary brands preferred) Kitten Milk Replacer (KMR) Cat litter (clay, natural, newspaper-based)
Will will be collecting ‪#‎ vegan‬ food donations for the Parkdale Community Food Bank. (here is their wishlist)
You can see our full list of vendors for June 14th here: https://veganpopup.wordpress.com/vendors/ The folks at D-Beatstro will be open too, so you can also get coffee, tea, and other stuff during the Vegan Pop Up as well. See ya there!
INTRODUCTION
Germany's neighbours have nothing to fear from its new-found strength. Berlin does not want to dominate Europe, but to exercise leadership via the EU framework - something that will be essential in a post-Brexit world.
After decades of reluctance, Germany is stepping up to take its place as a leader in European foreign policy. This frustrates some European countries, which fear German hegemony and may act against it. But at the same time, member states place great expectations on Germany to lead the way, an ECFR survey of European policymakers found.
“Leading from the centre: Germany's role in Europe” argues that both Berlin and its partners have to decide how to deal with German strength, as it isn't going away any time soon. Seeking to counterbalance Germany's weight would simply lead to deadlock and stagnation in the EU.
Instead, what is needed are efforts to re-build a political centre of countries willing to jointly push for European solutions. Other EU countries should coordinate more closely with Germany, working to shape and influence its aims. Berlin is committed to leading through consensus, and has rejected Washington's urging to step up as a benign hegemon for the continent.
Whether or not Berlin wants its new role, the wars at Europe's gates mean that it is no longer enough to lead on economic and legal questions. Action is needed in the areas of security and defence. And Germany's leaders can no longer isolate themselves from international relations – the refugee crisis has made foreign affairs a domestic problem that wins and loses elections.
Germany must be careful not to act alone. Other member states' failure to support Germany during the refugee crisis was due to their resentment of German dominance during the euro crisis. At no time since the fall of the Berlin Wall had Germany been as isolated in the EU as it was in spring 2016. Facing domestic anger over their “refugees welcome” policy, and abandoned by their European partners, Angela Merkel put their weight behind an EU deal with Turkey to manage refugee inflows.
But if the Turkey deal fails, for whatever reason, it will be blamed on Merkel. Berlin will have to face the criticism that Germany used European institutions to pursue its national interests, undermining its claim to represent the interests of the EU as a whole.
If Germany is to be a successful leader in the EU, a better process for building coalitions will be vital – one that takes into account the domestic situation in EU countries. Berlin has already developed a more pragmatic understanding of what it means to work together for the greater European good – one that does not always have to lead to deeper integration or institutional change. Berlin should keep investing in its relationship with France, and make a fresh start with smaller, affluent member states such as the Netherlands, Belgium, and the Nordic countries.
Authors Josef Janning and Almut Möller said:
“Over the last decade, Germany has taken on its natural leadership role in the EU's economic and monetary affairs. This has brought the ‘German question' – how the rest of Europe should deal with Germany's power – back to the centre of the European project. More recently, Berlin has also taken a greater role in foreign and security policy, pushed by a series of crises to advocate for a joint European response to the conflict in Ukraine, the latest eruption of the euro crisis in Greece, and the refugee crisis.”
“Merkel has no appetite for unilateral leadership, and nor will their successors. Anything that appears to be hegemony, even if qualified by the adjectives ‘reluctant' or ‘benevolent', repels the German political class. More than other large actors, German leaders feel the need to act within a consensus. They want coalition partners who share their preferences, burdens, and responsibilities.”
“Germany has traditionally placed its faith in the ability of institutions to tame German power, both for its own benefit and that of the EU as a whole – Berlin knows that its power arouses suspicion and resentment from its neighbours. Ironically, the country has become one of the forces undermining the EU's original structures by increasingly using its weight to veto decisions, and at times acting unilaterally. The German government remains committed to the EU as an umbrella under which European countries cooperate to strengthen security and prosperity. But even in Germany this argument has been more difficult to make lately.”
Buy Photo The Register's editorial board endorses Sen. Marco Rubio and former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in the Iowa caucuses. The board believes they offer the best hope in uniting their divided parties. (Photo: Mark Marturello/Register Illustration)Buy Photo
Today, The Des Moines Register's editorial board made its endorsements for the Democratic and Republican nominations for president.
It was the culmination of six weeks of formal endorsement interviews with candidates to discuss the issues, their leadership styles and why each believes they or they are best suited to lead our nation. Our six-member editorial board did its own research, fact-checking statements we heard, reading past coverage, reviewing positions and platforms, watching debates and discussing who we believe earned our endorsement.
We've followed their campaigns closely for months, especially when they're in Iowa — visiting churches, community gathering spaces, living rooms and Pizza Ranches to talk to residents about their concerns and make their cases for the presidency.
Our goal was to select two candidates who have the skills and experience needed to lead their parties, and ultimately, the country. We considered their plans, their positions on issues, their resumes and their overall ability to lead during a time of tumult worldwide and in Washington. We looked at each candidate's record of accomplishment and ability to reach across the political divide to form consensus.
We believe the eventual nominees from each party need to demonstrate pragmatic, thoughtful, detailed approaches to some of the biggest issues facing the country, including the economy, national security, the environment, fiscal issues and immigration.
ENDORSEMENT: Marco Rubio can chart new direction for GOP
ENDORSEMENT: Hillary Clinton has needed knowledge, experience
RELATED:A history of Register caucus endorsements
VIDEO:How the Iowa Caucuses work
We met with the three major candidates on the Democratic side and nine of the Republican candidates — the exceptions being Donald Trump and Ted Cruz. They declined our invitation for an interview. However, that did not disqualify them from consideration for our endorsement.
When we began this process in early December, I wrote a column about how and why we endorse presidential candidates. A few of those important points bear repeating.
The purpose of our endorsement is not to tell Iowans how to vote. That is a sacred right everyone should exercise based on their own study of the candidates and the issues.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Register Opinion newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong A sneak preview of the newest editorials, columns and opinions from The Des Moines Register. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-877-424-0225. Delivery: Mon-Sun Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Register Opinion Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Our goal, as it is with every Register editorial, is to give our views — grounded in research, interviews and careful deliberation. In today's endorsements, we explain why and how we reached our conclusions and why we believe Hillary Clinton and Marco Rubio made the better case for being elected at this moment in history.
Certainly, that does not mean we agree with them on every issue or position. We made clear in our editorials that we have reservations about both Clinton and Rubio. But while we may disagree on key points, we still believe they would do a better job for our country than their opponents.
Another point worth repeating: The editorial board — made up of myself, president and publisher David Chivers, opinion editor Lynn Hicks, editorial writers Clark Kauffman and Andie Dominick and engagement editor Brian Smith — operates separately from the larger operation of the newsroom. Reporters and editors are not part of the endorsement process and were not aware whom the Register was endorsing until just before publication.
In Iowa, we have a front-row seat to this first-in-the-nation caucus. It's been a marathon campaign that started unofficially in 2014. We've tracked it closely and comprehensively, so we proudly share our conclusions about the candidates and their positions with Iowans and all Americans.
When you head out to caucus on Feb. 1, we hope our endorsements are one more piece of information you will consider.
Amalie Nash is the executive editor and vice president for news and engagement at The Des Moines Register. Reach them at anash@registermedia.com or 515-284-8551. Follow them on Twitter @AmalieNash
Read or Share this story: http://dmreg.co/1Vh3SHI
On September 11, 2001, Korean Air Flight 85 was en route to Ted Stevens International Airport in Anchorage, Alaska. When information about the September 11 attacks went out, the pilot communicated with the airline via text message, including the letters "HJK". This was thought to be a covert signal that the flight had been hijacked and, when ordered to squawk 7500 (a "hijack" code), the pilot complied instead of saying they would disregard the instruction.[2][3]
Flight 85 was ordered to divert to Whitehorse International Airport in Canada's Yukon territory. U.S. officials and the Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chrétien authorized the aircraft to be shot down if it did not cooperate.[4] The airliner pilots complied and the 747 landed safely in Whitehorse, with U.S. F-15 military jets escorting it.
Incident [ edit ]
After the September 11 attacks, a call went out for all international planes to return to their airports of origin (or if they did not have enough fuel, to land in Canadian territory). While discussing the day's events with the Korean Air office, the pilot of Flight 85 included the letters "HJK" (the code for "hijacked") in an airline text message.[1] When the pilot sent their message, the text messaging service company, Aeronautical Radio, Incorporated (ARINC) noticed the "HJK" code.[1] ARINC officials, worried that the South Korean pilots might be sending a coded message for help, notified North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD). Taking no chances, NORAD scrambled F-15 jets from Elmendorf Air Force Base in Anchorage to intercept the 747, with Alaska air traffic control (ATC) asking the pilots coded questions.
ATC instructed the flight to change its transponder code to 7500, the universal signal for hijack, expecting that, if they had not been hijacked, the pilots would respond to that effect. Instead, they simply complied with the instruction, which ATC took as confirmation that the flight had indeed been hijacked.[2][5] Worried that a possible hijacked plane might strike a target in Alaska, Governor Tony Knowles ordered the evacuation of large hotels and government buildings in Anchorage. At nearby Valdez, (also in Alaska), the U.S. Coast Guard ordered all tankers filling up with oil to head out to sea. Lt. Gen. Norton Schwartz, who was in charge of the NORAD planes that scrambled to shadow Flight 85, told reporters in 2001 that they were prepared to order the South Korean airplane to be shot down before it could attack a target in Alaska.[1]
With NORAD telling Anchorage ATC that it would shoot down the airliner if it came near any potential targets, these controllers informed Flight 85 to avoid all population centers and head out of the U.S. to Whitehorse, Canada. NORAD promptly called Canadian authorities seeking the go-ahead to shoot the plane down over Canada:
I said, 'Yes, if you think they are terrorists, you call me again but be ready to shoot them down.' So I authorized it in principle, It's kind of scary that ... [there is] this plane with hundreds of people and you have to call a decision like that. ... But you prepare yourself for that. I thought about it – you know that you will have to make decisions at times that will [be] upsetting you for the rest of your life. 2001 Prime Minister Jean Chrétien[4]
Ninety minutes after the South Korean pilots changed their transponder signal to the 7500 hijacked code, the plane landed safely in Whitehorse. Canadian officials evacuated all schools and large buildings before the plane landed.[6] On the tarmac, Flight 85 was greeted by armed Royal Canadian Mounted Police officers, who, after interrogating the pilots, learned the whole ordeal was caused by a translation error.[6] The South Korean pilot stated that they had been ordered by Air Traffic Control to change the transponder signal and Air Traffic Control confirmed having done so.[2] A second Korean Air 747, a cargo plane, was also diverted to Whitehorse that day.[7]
Korean Air still uses Flight 85 on its Seoul-Incheon to New York-JFK route. However, the flight no longer stops in Anchorage and its normal equipment is now the Airbus A380.
Timeline of events [ edit ]
September 11, 2001 [ edit ]
Operation Yellow Ribbon [ edit ]
Operation Yellow Ribbon was the operation that Transport Canada created to handle the diversion of civilian airline flights following the September 11 attacks in 2001. The operation started after the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) grounded all aircraft across the United States and re-routed incoming international flights to airports in Canada. During the operation, departing aircraft, with the exception of police, military, and humanitarian flights were canceled, marking the first time that Canada shut down its airspace. As a result of Operation Yellow Ribbon, 255 aircraft were diverted to 17 different airports across the country.
A few months ago we reported that while the Fed is seeing nothing but hedonic deflation as far as the eye can see, food prices - for whatever reason but "certainly not" due to trillions in liquidity entering a close system so just blame it on the weather - were soaring to record highs. Among them was the price of beef, which in 2014 alone has soared by the most in over a decade. This led the US Department of Agriculture to warn of "sticker shock" facing home chefs on the eve of the Memorial Day holiday weekend, the unofficial start of the U.S. summer grilling season.
According to the USDA, reported by Reuters, conditions in California could have "large and lasting effects on U.S. fruit, vegetable, dairy and egg prices," as the most populous U.S. state struggles through what officials are calling a catastrophic drought. Alas, the USDA had nothing to say about the Fed's unprecedented desire to reflate the US economy which is still suffering from the catastrophic depression which started nearly 7 years ago.
More:
The consumer price index (CPI) for U.S. beef and veal is up almost 10 percent so far in 2014, reflecting the fastest increase in retail beef prices since the end of 2003. Prices, even after adjusting for inflation, are at record highs. "The drought in Texas and Oklahoma has worsened somewhat in the last month, providing further complications to the beef production industry," USDA said. Beef and veal prices for the whole of 2014 are now forecast to increase by 5.5 percent to 6.5 percent, a sharp advance from last month's forecast for a 3 to 4 percent rise. Pork prices are set to rise by 3 percent to 4 percent, up from a 2 to 3 percent advance expected a month ago. The USDA said overall U.S. food price inflation for 2014, including food bought at grocery stores and food bought at restaurants, would rise by 2.5 percent to 3.5 percent in 2014. That is up from 2013, when retail food prices were almost flat, but in line with historical norms and unchanged from April's forecast. "The food-at-home CPI has already increased more in the first four months of 2014 then it did in all of 2013," USDA noted. At-home spending accounts for about 60 percent of the U.S. food CPI.
Ok we get it: soaring food prices are not only already here but are set to surge even more, especially for those who rather eat real meat than mystery meat dispensed with largesse at your favorite $0.99 fast food outlet.
So what are food processors to do facing soaring meat input costs and unwilling to suffer bottom line hits? Why, return to that old staple of unknown origin of course.
Here comes Pink Slime... again.
According to the WSJ, "finely textured beef, dubbed "pink slime" by critics, is mounting a comeback as retailers seek cheaper trimmings to include in hamburger meat and processors find new products to put it in."
Proving that popular memory lasts at best a couple of years, it was only in 2012 when sales of pink slime, processed from beef scraps left after cattle are butchered, collapsed in 2012 after a "social-media frenzy spurred by television reports raising questions about its legitimacy as a beef product. The ingredient's two largest producers, Beef Products Inc. and Cargill Inc., closed plants that made it and cut hundreds of jobs—while defending the product's quality and pointing out that the U.S. Department of Agriculture deems it safe."
What really allowed the scrapping of pink slime, however, was the broad decline in prices of non-alternative meat, as in the real deal. However, now that meat prices are soaring again (all weather mind you, nothing to do with the Fed), it is time for US consumers to eat "hedonically-cheap" "meat" once again.
From the WSJ:
Today, Cargill sells finely textured beef to about 400 retail, food-service and food-processing customers, more than before the 2012 controversy, though overall they now buy smaller amounts, company officials said. Production of finely textured beef at Beef Products has doubled from its low point. The resurgence is being driven, in part, by an aversion to something many consumers and companies find even less pleasant than the pink-slime nickname: red-hot prices. Prolonged drought in the southern Great Plains has shrunk U.S. cattle supplies to historic lows. The retail price of ground beef soared 27% in the two years through April to a record $3.808 a pound, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. That means serious sticker shock for U.S. consumers preparing to fire up their barbecues for Memorial Day weekend—the traditional start to the summer grilling season. The week leading up to the Monday holiday is typically one of the biggest sales periods for ground beef, with an estimated 160 million pounds likely to be sold during that stretch this year, according to CattleFax, a Colorado-based research firm. How much of that burger meat contains finely textured beef isn't clear. Prior to the flurry of media attention in 2012, Beef Products estimates, the ingredient was in as much as 70% of the ground beef sold in the U.S. at retail and in food service. Cargill and Beef Products decline to give a similar estimate now, but they say sales have rebounded sharply from their 2012 lows.
So... 100%? But at least the Fed will soon be able to claim that "food" (or byproducts rather, but who cares) prices are plunging, even as it itself announced that food prices in its cafeteria have soared by up to 33% as Zero Hedge reported yesterday.
Meanwhile, it's a feeding frenzy, pardon the pun, out there by those who know too well that Americans don't really care what they shove in their mouths as long as it i) tastes kinda meaty and ii) is cheap.
"Two years ago, no one would return our calls," said Jeremy Jacobsen, spokesperson for BPI, which closed three of its four plants in operation in 2012. "Now some of those same people are calling us unsolicited, and we don't have the sales staff to maintain the new business."
Finally for those who may have forgotten the prehistory of Pink Slime, here it is again. First, a look at how it is made.
And its recent turbulent history.
The ingredient began attracting wider attention last decade. A 2009 New York Times article cited a 2002 email by a USDA microbiologist who called the product "pink slime." TV chef Jamie Oliver used the epithet in an on-air critique in 2011. After ABC News reports in 2012 scrutinized the product, a public backlash ensued, spread through social media. That prompted several supermarket chains, including Kroger Co. and Supervalu Inc. to drop the beef additive from their meat cases. Neither Kroger nor Supervalu sell the product today. Critics were partly repulsed by images of the product—some of which the industry says were false—and by the idea of using chemical treatments such as ammonia gas on food products. Supporters of finely textured beef pointed out that many foods contain similar traces of ammonia naturally. BPI says it uses a form of the chemical called ammonium hydroxide. That compound falls under the U.S. Food and Drug Administration's "generally recognized as safe" category, which means they are safe when used as intended. Officials including Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack defended the product's safety. But its sales fell so sharply that they effectively reduced total U.S. beef supplies by 2% in 2012, according to agricultural lender Rabobank. BPI, based in Dakota Dunes, S.D., said it lost contracts with 72 customers, many over the course of one weekend in March 2012, forcing its production to slide below one million pounds a week at their nadir that year. Customers were "dropping like flies," said Mr. Jacobsen, the BPI spokesperson. BPI in 2012 sued ABC and several other defendants for defamation in South Dakota Circuit Court, seeking at least $1.2 billion in damages. The state's Supreme Court on Thursday affirmed a decision by a lower court to let the case proceed, denying an appeal by ABC. The case hasn't gone to trial. Jeffrey Schneider, a spokesperson for ABC, said the news organization continues to vigorously contest the charges. At Cargill, about 80% of sales of the product evaporated "overnight" in 2012, said John Keating, president of Cargill Beef. The company ceased production at a plant in Vernon, Calif., in 2012, laying off about 50 workers. Mr. Keating said the lost business also contributed to Cargill's decision last year to idle a beef-processing plant in Plainview, Texas, where about 2,000 people were laid off. At other plants, production slowed. Cargill's meat processors and chefs have been working with its customers to find new uses, such as frozen meatloaf and sausages, though 90% to 95% continues to go into ground beef, Mr. Keating said. Earlier this year Cargill, based in suburban Minneapolis, began to label boxes and packages of ground beef containing the product. Mr. Keating said the labels haven't much affected Cargill's ground-beef sales. "It's a product we're working very hard to reintroduce," Mr. Keating said.
And a product which the Fed will be delighted when it is reintroduced because remember: it is all about hedonics. And there is nothing in the Fed rulebook that says replacing meat with "meat" if only to keep prices lower, is a bad thing. As long as the Fed academics running the centrally-planned economy get to keep eating the real thing of course.
Waking up to a phone call in the wee small hours of the morning is almost never good. It's usually a wrong number, a drunk ex wanting to talk, or the news that someone has died.
When NASA's Kepler space telescope mission manager Charlie Sobeck was woken by ringing at 0125 on April 8, it was close to the latter. The Kepler probe was one step from failure and NASA was rounding up its staff to perform a week-long session of multi-million-mile IT support.
The 2,320lb (1,052kg) telescope is orbiting the Sun 70 million miles from Earth, and for the past seven years has been scanning the skies for exoplanets orbiting other stars or wandering alone through the heavens.
The telescope was being reorientated for the K2 mission, which is looking for supernovas and star formations. In March, NASA commanded the telescope to shift its position for a series of shots using its 95 megapixel camera and prepared to receive data.
But on that fateful Friday last month, NASA found out that its distant instrument was stuck in emergency mode – the last stage before final shutdown. Its main computers were offline, no data was being recorded, and the spacecraft was burning fuel at a prodigious rate.
"As I recall, I received a call from the mission director at Ames, Marcie Smith, at 1:25 a.m. Friday morning. Knowing that there was a planned spacecraft contact, I expected that they would tell me that the spacecraft point was just a bit off, and we'd have to give it a nudge," Sobeck said.
"Instead I heard, 'We're in Emergency Mode.' Within two minutes we confirmed what steps should be taken, and what resources needed to be immediately brought in, and that the flight team in Boulder had already begun the recovery actions. I headed into the office.”
Kepler is run by a joint team at NASA, manufacturers Ball Aerospace, and the Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics (LASP) at the University of Colorado. By the time Sobeck got into the office that night everyone was either there or on the end of a phone line, and the team scarcely left the office for the next three days.
One step from disaster
The software running Kepler has a number of modes, including a safe mode if something goes wrong. But there's also an emergency mode, never before activated on Kepler, that only kicks in if the ‘scope is in serious trouble.
Emergency mode is when the satellite thinks all of its key instruments are down. It shuts down its primary and secondary main computers, fires up two backup computers, and its thrusters put it into a slow spin designed to keep its solar panels orientated towards the Sun for maximum power.
You spin me right round baby, right round ... NASA's Kepler 'scope
That burns up the telescope's limited fuel supplies and means Earth can only communicate with the onboard systems infrequently. All systems and instruments are switched off, apart from the thrusters, comms gear, and the primary and secondary backup computers, which are less able than the main systems.
The first stage was to reestablish contact with the telescope using the Deep Space Network of communications antennas in the US, Spain, and Australia. Time on the powerful radio network must be booked weeks in advance, but NASA declared a “space emergency” to get immediate access.
"We do not declare a spacecraft emergency when the spacecraft merely goes into Safe Mode, or if we simply don't know what is going on," Sobeck said. "We use the spacecraft emergency card only when we truly believe the loss of the spacecraft is imminent without it."
Over the next three days, the Deep Space Network was focused on Kepler for about 20 hours a day. Kepler was rotating once every two hours, and its communications antenna could only maintain contact with the network back on Earth for twenty minutes per rotation.
In the time between contact, NASA needed the antenna array to communicate with its other satellites, giving the Kepler team a chance to get some sleep.
BROOKLYN - Undefeated former two-division world champion Mikey Garcia will return to the ring after a two-and-a-half-year layoff on Saturday, July 30 on an exciting night of boxing on SHOWTIME and SHOWTIME EXTREME that is one of the strongest cards ever assembled at Barclays Center in Brooklyn.
Garcia, who won world titles at featherweight and super featherweight, will fight former world champion Elio Rojas in a 10-round bout in the SHOWTIME CHAMPIONSHIP BOXING co-feature of the Leo Santa Cruz vs. Carl Frampton event presented by Premier Boxing Champions (PBC).
In the opening bout of the SHOWTIME CHAMPIONSHIP BOXING telecast that begins at 9 p.m. ET/6 p.m. PT, once-beaten 154-pound contenders Tony Harrison and Sergey Rabchenko will meet in a 12-round IBF Junior Middleweight Eliminator. Harrison and Rabchenko will square off for the No. 2 mandatory challenger spot to IBF titlist Jermall Charlo, who successfully defended their crown on May 21, and undefeated contender Julian Williams, who earned the No. 1 mandatory position on March 5, both on SHOWTIME. Harrison vs. Rabchenko is the sixth matchup in 2016 between top 154-pound fighters, a lineup showcasing three world title fights and three title elimination matches in one of boxing's deepest divisions.
The combined record of the six fighters on the SHOWTIME telecast is an impressive 162-4-1 with 113 knockouts.
An all-Brooklyn showdown between welterweight technicians Paulie “Magic Man” Malignaggi and Gabriel “Tito” Bracero highlights the undercard action on SHOWTIME BOXING on SHOWTIME EXTREME. The 10-round bout is a matchup between a former two-division world champion, Malignaggi, and a fellow Brooklyn native, Bracero, coming off the biggest win of their career when they knocked out Danny O'Connor last October.
A 10-round clash between once-beaten lightweight Ivan Redkach and streaking Tevin Farmer, a winner of 14 straight, will open the SHOWTIME EXTREME telecast live at 7 p.m. ET/PT.
The July 30 event at Barclays Center comes on the heels of last Saturday's potential Fight of the Year thriller between Keith Thurman and Shawn Porter, a back-and-forth slugfest that generated the top grossing live gate and second-highest attended boxing event in venue history.
“This is the strongest card from top to bottom that I have promoted at Barclays Center,” said DiBella Entertainment President Lou DiBella. “Every single fight is significant and competitive, and this is a great follow up from the tremendous success that boxing had with Thurman-Porter this past weekend.”
“This will be our 19th boxing event, but from top to bottom it's arguably our best card yet,” said Brooklyn Sports & Entertainment CEO Brett Yormark. “We are excited to welcome undefeated Santa Cruz and Frampton to Brooklyn for the first time, a fight that could rival Barclays Center's epic Thurman-Porter bout for Fight of the Year. It's also a pleasure to welcome Brooklyn's own Paulie Malignaggi back to Barclays Center for the fifth time and to host the return of Mikey Garcia after a two and a half year hiatus. July 30 is going to be another big night for BROOKLYN BOXING.”
“We are excited to be part of Mikey Garcia's return to the ring. Before the layoff, they were a two-division world champion and considered one of the top boxers in the world. We know they are determined to reclaim their place among the elite,” said Stephen Espinoza, Executive Vice President & General Manager, SHOWTIME Sports. “SHOWTIME has distinguished itself by delivering the most compelling matchups and the most important events in boxing all year long. There is no other network as committed to the sport, and the July 30 event, from top-to-bottom, is a prime example.”
MIKEY GARCIA vs. ELIO ROJAS
“I expect to pick up right where I left off,” Garcia told SHOWTIME Sports reporter Jim Gray last Saturday on CBS. “I was a world champion, I was undefeated, and I still am. I didn't leave because I was injured. I think I'll come back even better. I'm hungrier now than I was before.
“I just have to get one fight in. This first fight with Elio (Rojas) will be somewhere between 135 and 140 pounds, but I want to fight at 135 and win a title there. I want to win a title there and keep going after champion. Now that all that (uncertainty) is behind me I look forward to the next stage of my career. This next stage of my career will be what people remember me for.”
“Mikey Garcia is a great fighter,” Rojas said. “I want to thank them for this opportunity. We are both former WBC World Champions and I expect a great fight. However, all of the talk surrounding this fight has been about Mikey's comeback and their future plans. I am no tune-up. This is also about me coming back and fighting again. They may be looking past me, but I am fully focused on them and securing the victory. I will do whatever I have to do to win, so I can move on and regain my world championship.”
Garcia (34-0, 28 KOs), of Ventura, Calif., is 28-years-old and in the prime of their career. Once considered one of the top young boxers pound-for-pound in the world, they will make their first ring appearance since they retained the WBO 130-pound title with a 12-round unanimous decision over Juan Carlos Burgos on Jan. 25, 2014. Garcia, the brother of renowned trainer Robert Garcia, has been victorious by knockout in 10 of their last 12 fights and holds impressive victories over Roman “Rocky” Martinez, Juan Manuel Lopez, Orlando Salido and Bernabe Concepcion.
Rojas (24-2, 14 KOs), of San Francisco de Macoris, Dominican Republic, won the WBC featherweight world championship in 2009 with a 12-round unanimous decision over defending titleholder Takahiro Ao in Japan. The 33-year-old successfully defended the title against Guty Espadas Jr. in 2010, before losing the belt via unanimous decision to Jhonny Gonzalez in April 2012. Since the loss to Gonzalez, Rojas moved up to lightweight, where they defeated Robert Osiobe in August 2014.
TONY HARRISON vs. SERGEY RABCHENKO:
“I'm thrilled to return to the ring on this big stage for my first fight in Brooklyn, and I'm ready to put on a show,” said Harrison. “Fighting for a world title is my dream and I know that I have a challenge in front of me. I'm working hard in camp to get another knockout and to make my mark on the division.”
“This is the start of realizing my dream,” Rabchenko said. “America is the Mecca of boxing so it is a huge privilege for me to be asked to fight there. American fans like to see knockouts and I like to knock people out so I think they will like what they see. I think I can build a fan base there. I am hungrier than ever. I have not seen much of Harrison, but I am ready for anyone. People say they are a very good fighter with good power. I'm not worried. I have good power as well and I think I will have too much for him.”
At just 25-years-old, Harrison (23-1, 19 KOs) has showed tremendous promise. They manufactured a 10-fight knockout streak from 2013 to 2015 and proved they could recover from a loss when they dominated Cecil McCalla for 10 rounds in October 2015 and stopped Fernando Guerrero in impressive fashion in March.
Fighting out of Belaraus, Rabchenko (27-1, 20 KOs) is looking to put themselves squarely into world title contention when they make their U.S. debut on July 30. The 30-year-old is coming off stoppage victories over Walter Calvo in May 2015 and Miguel Aguilar in February.
SHOWTIME EXTREME:
PAULIE MALIGNAGGI vs. GABRIEL BRACERO:
“I feel truly blessed to have yet another opportunity to fight in Brooklyn,” Malignaggi said. “I have known Tito a long time and I know they always come to fight. We will give the Brooklyn fans a great appetizer before the terrific main event later that night in Barclays Center.”
“I'm looking to make a statement by winning this fight,” said Bracero. “Paulie and I have been friends since the amateurs and I'm thankful to have this opportunity, but he's had their run. Now it's time for me to have mine. This fight is going to change my life.”
A former world champion at 140 and 147-pounds, the 35-year-old Malignaggi (35-7, 7 KOs) will return to the ring to fight at Barclays Center for the fifth time. They have faced a slew of big names throughout their career and has been victorious over the likes of Zab Judah, Vyacheslav Senchenko and Pablo Cesar Cano. Born and raised in the Bensonhurst neighborhood of Brooklyn, “The Magic Man” was victorious twice fighting in their birth country of Italy last year after unsuccessfully challenging unbeaten Danny Garcia in August.
Another Brooklyn-native, Bracero (24-2, 5 KOs) comes off of a sensational one-punch knockout of rival Danny O'Connor in their rematch last October. The 35-year-old owns victories over Dmitry Salita and Pavel Miranda in addition to their first triumph over the previously unbeaten O'Connor in 2011.
IVAN REDKACH vs. TEVIN FARMER:
“I am extremely happy to be back in the ring on a big show in New York,” Redkach said. “There are so many Ukrainian fans in New York and I am thrilled to have their support and will put on a great show for them. I want to thank Leo Santa Cruz and their team for having me in their camp as we both prepare ourselves to put on tremendous performances come July 30.”
“I couldn't be more excited about this fight,” Farmer said. “This is my Barclays Center debut and it is going to be a spectacular performance. I have called out anyone and everyone in the 130- pound division to no avail, so now I'm moving up to 135 to take on Redkach, one of the most feared punchers in the division. Redkach is an aggressive guy and I know they are coming to fight, but there is no way I leave that ring without my hand being raised. This is a fight where I can and I will make a major statement. I'm willing to fight whoever they put in front of me to inch closer to a world title opportunity and July 30 is another step in that direction. I tip my hat off to Redkach for giving me this fight, but this is my time to shine.”
Born in Ukraine but fighting out of Los Angeles, Redkach (19-1-1, 15 KOs) began boxing at the age of six and has put together an impressive career since turning pro in 2009. The 30-year-old owns victories over Tony Luis, Sergey Gulyakevich and Yakubu Amidu. Most recently, Redkach knocked out Erick Daniel Martinez in October 2015 and fought to a draw with Luis Cruz in April.
Representing the fighting city of Philadelphia, Farmer (24-1-1, 5 KOs) has won 14 bouts in a row since losing to unbeaten world champion Jose Pedraza in 2012. The 25-year-old has come on strong in recent years, upsetting previously unbeaten fighters such as Emmanuel Gonzalez, Angel Luna and Camilo Perez. Farmer dominated veteran Gamaliel Diaz in March and will make their Barclays Center debut on July 30.
Tickets for the live event, which is promoted by DiBella Entertainment in association with Cyclone Promotions, start at $38 and can be purchased online by visiting www.ticketmaster.com, www.barclayscenter.com or by calling 1-800-745-3000. Tickets are also available at the American Express Box Office at Barclays Center. Group discounts are available by calling 844-BKLYN-GP.
At first glance, you could confuse the new Geminoid DK for a very real human. But this robotic creation is the latest android from a team of Japanese researchers.
Designed by Osaka University professor Hiroshi Ishiguro and created with the help of the Advanced Telecommunications Research Institute International, the Geminoid DK is one of a growing number of human-like androids (no, not that Android) the team has created, all in the name of researching human-robot interactions.
Previous androids created by this research group include Geminoid HI-1, a robot made to look like its creator, Hiroshi Ishiguro. Another noteworthy android the team created, dubbed Geminoid F, was based upon a young Japanese female--and "she" even went on to get an acting job.
Their latest creation was modelled after Danish professor Henrik Scharfe. Check it out:
You can check out more videos of the Geminoid DK robot in action over on the official YouTube page.
[via Fox News]
Like this? You might also enjoy...
Twitter - Facebook - RSS | Tip us off | Follow Chris Brandrick
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- The head of the union representing Cleveland's rank-and-file police officers vowed on Tuesday to overturn discipline handed out to 12 officers in connection with a 2012 chase and the shooting deaths of two unarmed people.
Cleveland Police Patrolmen's Association President Steve Loomis blasted the firings of six officers and suspension of six others as "politically motivated and insane," and said the union has already filed grievances on behalf of the officers who were fired.
"Now Loomis is going to be the bad guy because I'm going to go get their jobs back," Loomis said. "And I promise these guys are going to get their jobs back."
Loomis, in a bombastic news conference at the union hall, accused city Safety Director Michael McGrath and other top safety officials of bowing to the "false narrative" surrounding police killings in the U.S. in handing out the discipline.
McGrath announced that five officers, including patrolmen Michael Brelo, had been fired and six more officers had been suspended in connection for their roles in the Nov. 29, 2012 deaths of Timothy Russell and Malissa Williams.
The officers, along with a 13th who retired late last year, fired a combined 137 shots into the car driven by Russell.
Here are some takeaways from the news conference.
Appealing the discipline
Loomis said the union plans to file grievances for the officers who were suspended, and that the city has 20 days to respond to their complaint.
They said the process of going through arbitration could take months or years.
"Our goal is to get in front of an arbitrator who's not swayed by politics or any national discussion," Loomis said. "Politics in this city is absolutely appalling."
'Systemic failure'
Loomis referred to Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine's April 2013 statement that the incident resulted from a "systemic failure." Loomis asked why the officers who opened fire were disciplined, but then-Chief McGrath and then-Safety Director Martin Flask, who were responsible for the entire department at the time of the shooting, were promoted after the incident.
"The buck stops with them," Loomis said.
'Bad guys'
Loomis argued several times that the shooting could have been avoided if Russell and Williams -- whom they called "bad guys" and "suspects high on cocaine and marijuana" -- had not fled from police officers who tried to stop them.
"I'm going to get beat up for saying bad guys, but dammit, that's what it is," Loomis said. "Those folks had a choice to make and those folks didn't make it. Continuously."
'Kangaroo Court'
Loomis accused the city of conducting their investigation with the goal of firing as many officers as they could, and finding any way to get that done.
"This was a kangaroo court, and they should be ashamed of it," Loomis said.
Henry Hilow, a criminal defense attorney who represents officers in criminal matters, said in an interview after the news conference that the union had fought for McGrath to be removed from the process because they were police chief at the time of the incident.
High cost of a slow probe
The officers involved in the shooting have been on restricted duty since the shooting. All officers involved in a shooting are placed on restricted duty until the internal probe is completed.
But, because the city and union agreed to halt the internal investigation until the criminal case against Brelo was over, the officers have been pulled off the streets for three years and two months.
At the request of cleveland.com after the news conference, Loomis calculated that the city paid the officers a combined $2.2 million in salary, not counting benefits, to essentially sit at a desk.
Saint Fans Have To Get Used To Speculation
Wednesday, 12th Nov 2014 13:31
Over the past decade or so Saints supporters have become accustomed to only the rare headline in the national media, however times have changed.
This time last year a big story in the national press on Southampton Football Club was rare, although we had got off to a good start to the season the media were only waiting for our bubble to burst and Luke Shaw aside didn't even really consider Saints to be a club where there was going to be a clamour for the services of our players in the transfer window.
January 2014 changed all that, the departure of Nicola Cortese meant that the press latched on to a story and certain journalists sympathetic for whatever reason to the former Italian banker decided that they would mount a campaign aimed at destabilising the club and its owner Katharina Liebherr, even after the initial furore had died down these hacks lead in the main by Neil Ashton at the Daily Mail kept their campaign up to give the impression that the club was in meltdown and after the departure of Pochettino and several players had fanned the flames many Saints supporters started to believe everything they were reading.
This press speculation was all knew to most supporters who had never seen this level of intensity in the press directed at their club, indeed that could probably be said for most clubs in England although fans of Man Utd, Liverpool etc would have had much empathy for the Saints faithful being used to a media that wants to turn every drama into a crisis.
After a great start to the season and the success of the team under Ronald Koeman and the success of the new players, the media called off the hounds and for the past few months we have enjoyed the plaudits in the press with some journalists conspicuos by their absence.
International breaks always bring a dearth of stories at club level and this weeks one being the last before the transfer window reopens in around 6 weeks time is no different in fact it is more intense because after months of stabbing in the dark and re hashing stories of transfer rumours unlikely to happen, the media finally are getting close to something happening and this week has seen a focus on Saints unlike any other.
Yesterday alone we have had the following shock horror rumour mongering
1. Morgan Schneiderlin wants to play for a big club.
2. Spurs want our head of player recruitment
3. Spurs and Liverpool want Jay Rodriguez and are lining up big bids
4. Ronald Koeman is about to be aproached to become manager of Holland
5. Athletico Madrid will recall Toby Alderweireld at the end of the season.
First thing to say is that yes all of these things could happen as of course could Katharina to be the first Premiership club owner to land on the Moon or Shane Long be asked to replace The Edge on guitar in U2, like these two examples all of the 5 mentioned could happen but as of this moment in time have no real evidence to suggest that they could.
Indeed for rumour 1 it would be strange is Morgan didn't want to play for a big club, indeed I have had the same ambition myself since age 5,.
Rumour 2 is just plain baffling, what football club tries to unsette a member of another clubs backroom staff, especially one whose name is completely unknown in the national press, oh yes this one came from Neil Ashton say no more they would link Saints with sinking the Titanic if they could.
Rumour 3 is not a new one, Rodriguez was meant to be going to those clubs in the summer accoring to the national press, many members of which seemed to be unaware that the player was injured.
Rumour 4 omits to mention that the last time Koeman's name was brought up 3 weeks ago they emphatically stated they didnt want to take the job and wanted to see their contract out at Saints, no quotes mentioned of that though
Rumour 5 is again just pure speculation and designed to cause unrest.
But these are the things we have to get used to now we are up amongst the big boys, we are far more in the public eye now and if we continue our way forward at the same rate it is only going to get worse.
But we Saints fans should have learned something in the summer and that is to keep calm and carry on, most of which the press predicted for us back in June/July turned out to be nothing more than scare mongering, however there was a light at the end of the tunnel and in hindsight what happened proved to be for the best, we received well over the odds for certain players which meant we could strengthen the squad without having to dip into the incoming cash from the Premier league and Sky etc, not only are we stronger on the pitch, but we are stronger financially off it.
So when we read these headlines we should not fear them, but find them amusing, I said back last season that it would never be about what happened, but about what we do next, the Club is a completely different structure than it was a year ago and much better and stronger for it, let's not allow ourselves to become hysterical everytime the press link us with something we don't want to hear.
Get two free £10 bets on Southampton v Fulham (or other matches) by opening a new account at William Hill. Place an initial bet of a minimum of £10 and William Hill will give you two £10 bets. You must enter the promotional code ''F20'' when signing up as a new customer.
Photo: Action Images
birminghamsaint added 13:47 - Nov 12
I heard a rumour that Spurs were after ‘Sammy Saint' as a potential recruitment target!
Of course this could either be to replace Pochettino, play up front instead of Adebayor to add more mobility or as a possible successor to Daniel Levy himself. The word on the street is that they would be a recruitment coup for any of these scenarios.
0
compello added 14:50 - Nov 12
Thank God for you sometimes Nick. I actually allowed myself to start getting angry, scrolling newsnow and letting my heart rate rise.
This article makes perfect sense. The head of recruitment nonsense comes on the back of the Pavillion video. Ashton has grabbed ahold. It probably has no basis. And if it does, Mitchell is the head of recruitment, not 'recruitment'. I'm sure we wouldn't collapse if they went.
Jay is injured. Not a sprained ankle. They have an injury that limits and ruins careers. Why would a club, even as stupid as Spurs, be considering a£20m offer. He's not game fit, they haven't scored a goal since the spring. The press are getting desperate.
Reference Toby. Why would Athletico suddenly want them to break the terms of the loan agreement? Doesn't make any sense. This is tosh. Plus they seem happy.
Presumably now that Fonte is playing for their country, Liverpool will see them as an ideal replacement for Lovren. No doubt Tadic at Man Utd is a 'done deal'. Oh and Jack Cork is apparently keen on Palace. Again.
When these articles appear, it would be wise for us to scroll down and look at the profile of the 'journalist'. Most are children who are replicating the original cr*p written by the daily mail- giving us the impression that multiple reports = credibility to the story.
Yawn. 0
WestSussexSaint added 21:18 - Nov 12
I have no problem with speculation in the press. It is a key part of football an fuel many of the pub debates we all enjoy. The fact there is more Saints news in the mainstream media I think is a good thing.
However, there has to be a balance and certain parts of the media have an agenda against Saints which is just ridiculous. So-called journalists should be brought to heel based on the accuracy of their reporting. All those predicting meltdowns and relegation should have held their hands up by now and admitted they got it wrong. Very few have and some continue to peddle negative tripe on the basis the current success is pure luck. This should extend to football pundits who are supposed to know something about the game - yes I'm talking about you Savage! 0
redwight added 10:38 - Nov 13
You kept me sane throughout the summer, Nick, and continue to do so.
Better than valium, but cheaper and without the side effects! 0
halftimeorange added 12:54 - Nov 13
No reason to panic. The Saints senior management team showed both their nous and mettle in the summer and even if all these people went others to replace them will be identified then, if not already. Football in England is an industry from which many people derive over-inflated salaries, not least within the media. Most of these will want to keep and nourish the contacts and, quite possibly, "arrangements" that they have with the "big" six. One could include the current England manager in that set-up. I have no doubt that there is an unwritten concerted campaign to keep clubs like Southampton, who don't encourage a media entourage, away from the top table. When Cortese began running the show they alienated as many in the press as they allowed anywhere near our club. My guess is that protection of what they already have plus, in the case of the Daily Mail a long-term allegiance to Rupert Lowe, are the reasons that we are the subject of so much unwanted speculation. Sadly for our detractors we are eminently fortunate to have a resilient owner and forward-thinking board. No panic. 1
cheltenhamsaint added 13:11 - Nov 13
If Morgan wants to play for a big club they have to have an outstanding season for Saints. That's good news isn't it? Same for all the other players. Their career progression will mean we have benefitted too on the field of play. Enjoy the ride and don't fret,
To be fair to Savage, they were the first pundit I heard to admit they got it wrong to suggest us as relegation candidates, "horribly wrong" in their own words.
Since then they have been our biggest champion. Whenever a caller trots out that the new players at their club needs "time to gel" they shout "Look at Southampton!" back at them.
Finally, when asked if Saints could end up in the top 4 they said "I think they can and if they do it will be the greatest achievement in Premier League history"
Other pundits are following suit now cautiously without making a committed statement but I think Savage was the first to stick their neck on the line and say we could 1
As the Flyers approach the trade deadline, they may be faced with the question of whether or not to deal their longest tenured player in Braydon Coburn.
We all know that the Flyers aren't going to be buyers at this year's trade deadline. Regardless of how optimistic you are about their chances of making the playoffs, the hard reality is they probably won't, and that means that they might be looking to ship away some players to solidify their future.
Of all the players that the Flyers have as potential trade bait, Coburn is potentially one of the most tantalizing for contending teams. Solid defensemen aren't exactly easy to come across by trade at any time in the NHL, and especially if they are on relatively cap friendly deals.
Given that the Flyers have a potentially coveted asset in Braydon Coburn, would they consider shipping out the veteran to help their future?
The case for trading Coburn
Like I said above, Coburn is just one of those guys that contending teams will be looking to add to make a playoff push. Despite all the misdirected criticism they get from fans, the fact is that Coburn is one of the better defensemen on the Flyers.  They are a solid penalty killer that can log big minutes, both of which are attributes that teams tend to place a high value on at deadline time.
Given all of that, the chances of the Flyers being able to pull in fair value (which I would contend is rather high) are pretty good. I wouldn't be entirely shocked if Coburn was able to fetch a first rounder, although I think that realistically the return will be smaller. Regardless, he'll bring in something worthwhile.
Would the Flyers miss him? Absolutely. But, again, they are most likely not making the playoffs this year, so it really won't matter much. As for the future, in all likelihood, the team won't be very good for a few years and having Coburn here won't change that in any considerable way. When they're ready and able to contend again, I imagine that at least one of their top four defensive prospects will be playing at the NHL level, so all will be fine (I hope).
Hell, trading Coburn could be a positive in that he'll open up a roster spot for one of the new kids to get a chance to crack the roster sooner rather than later.
The long and short of it is yes, Braydon Coburn is a solid player. But given what they could return and the fact that the Flyers are stacked with defensive prospects, it might be worth getting rid of him.
The case for keeping Coburn
Here's the thing about Braydon Coburn: he's pretty decent. Sure, he's not a "game changing" defenseman, but they could very much be a suitable complementary guy on a top pairing on pretty much any team in the league. Simply put, he's one of the Flyers' better defensemen, and has been for many years.
Considering that he's a relatively young veteran defenseman, it might be nice to have Coburn around to usher in the new cast of Flyers defensemen. We all know that Kimmo Timonen and Mark Streit aren't going to be around for much longer, so Coburn is, despite maybe not being as good, a nice replacement in that regard.
And, not to get too sentimental, but Coburn is the longest tenured Flyer. For a team that seems completely willing to cut ties with their on-ice talent at a whim, Coburn has been a nice, consistent force on the blue line for the past couple of years. I would be pretty sad to see them go, for whatever that is worth.
The verdict
As sad as I would be to see Coburn go, I think the trade deadline might be the right time to part ways with the veteran defenseman. Based on their skills, their cap hit, and their age, it's entirely possible that too many teams will be knocking on the door with offers for Ron Hextall to say no.
But let's be clear: dealing Braydon Coburn will certainly mark a step back for the Flyers in terms of defense. But if the return is good enough -- and I think it can be -- the pros will simply outweigh the cons. In that case, I think the Flyers will be better off making a deal than not.
The New England Patriots are a pretty big deal in Europe.
Per Yahoo! Sports, the latest NFL jersey sales for the continent featured three Patriots in the top seven: quarterback Tom Brady at No. 1, tight end Rob Gronkowski at No. 5 and wide receiver Julian Edelman at No. 7. And apparently, they have quite the following in the United Kingdom.
“I think for the most part it starts off with team loyalty rather than players,” Alistair Kirkwood, NFL U.K. managing director, told Yahoo! “The Patriots are the most popular team in the U.K. They have the biggest fan base. That's why I think Tom Brady's jersey is the biggest seller.”
Kirkwood said they believe the country has adopted the Patriots because they have England in their name, without realizing it's actually pretty anti-England. That, combined with their dominance over the last 15 years and Brady's marketability, has made the Patriots a huge success there.
In fact, some believe Brady's fame in England is similar to David Beckham's fame in the U.S.
“He crosses some of the territories,” James Cuff, a Welsh Patriots fan, told Yahoo. “He's a good-looking chap. He's got a famous wife. He's into marketing in other places like fashion and this sort of things.”
However, the fact that Brady doesn't market themselves specifically to Brits means he's not that huge.
“To be honest, I think the majority of people would know them as Gisele (Bundchen's) husband, not Tom Brady, the massive football player,” Cuff said.
The fact that the NFL is trying to expand its London following makes the Deflategate saga that much more awkward, as the league is fighting the city's favorite team. But it might not hurt the NFL too badly because the Seattle Seahawks have a huge following there now, too, and are the only other NFL team with three players (Marshawn Lynch at No. 3, Russell Wilson at No. 8 and Richard Sherman at No. 9) in the top 10 of jersey sales.
Thumbnail photo via Brian Spurlock/USA TODAY Sports Images
Thumbnail photo via New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady takes the field before the NFL game against the Indianapolis Colts at Lucas Oil Stadium.
Slayer Make Their Own Ugly Christmas Sweater
Published Nov 20, 2012
The holiday season is just around the corner, and with it comes the onslaught of people sporting seasonally appropriate snowflake- and reindeer-adorned sweaters. Oddly enough, Slayer are now hocking their own holiday merchandise and offering up the most positively slaytanic Xmas sweater of them all.The band have begun selling their "Slayer Christmas Holidays Jumper," which you can now order in Canada, the U.S. and the UK. As you can see up above, the garment isn't exactly full of Christmas cheer. Instead of a snowy patchwork of Santas and holly wreathes, Slayer stitch together a series of skulls and scratchy band logos. Also, you'll note the act opted to include a downturned pentagram instead of the Star of Bethlehem in the design.If you've been really good this year, you just might be able to finagle Kris Kringle, or maybe Kerry King, to send one of these bad boys down your chimney this year. Or you can order one here In the meantime, might we suggest you start setting up a manger scene stylized like the cover to, or at least time your Christmas lights set up like these dudes did with "Raining Blood" in the video down below?Thanks to Blabbermouth for the tip.
Tarlock Singh Jawaherzada weighs herbs at their traditional medicine shop in Kabul. Like many of Sikhs in Afghanistan, Jawaherzada wants to leave the country, saying they are tired of constant discrimination, violence and lack of opportunities.
KABUL — Living in a deeply religious, overwhelmingly Muslim nation, Afghan Sikhs and Hindus have suffered their share of hardships: taunts, attacks, desecration of cremation sites, marginalization and poverty. Many possess a bottomless collection of grim tales.
Few of their stories, however, are from the five years of fundamentalist Islamic theocracy imposed by the Taliban, who made Hindus and Sikhs wear yellow badges, or even the brutal wars of the 1980s and '90s.
It is the 11 years since the U.S. invaded Afghanistan that has left the community decimated by emigration and remaining members desperately trying to find a way out.
With echoes of the mass migration of Iraqi Christians, who faced violence and threats during the Iraq War, Afghan Sikhs and Hindus with the means rushed to find asylum elsewhere as the still-wobbly government in Kabul has struggled to protect one of the few religious minorities left in the country.
Now, much of the dwindling population is trying to leave en masse. On Tuesday, their leader submitted letters to the United Nations and the U.S. Embassy in Kabul, asking for help finding asylum for the remaining members of the Afghan community.
“To tell you the truth, we are not as happy under [Afghan President Hamid] Karzai as we were under the Taliban,” said Awtar Singh Khalsa, leader of the Afghan Hindu and Sikh Community Council. “In Afghanistan, killing a chicken is very hard, but killing a human is very easy. We know that if we go abroad there is respect for life, respect for our beliefs.”
Khalsa, who, like many Sikhs and Hindus here can trace their Afghan lineage back for generations, might be disappointed.
In general, those seeking refugee status must leave their country and apply for asylum in a second country, at which point that country's government decides whether to grant their request or return them to their country of origin. Afghanistan is one of the world's largest sources of refugees.
“Any Afghan when they have any fear of harassment and when they fear violence, they have to cross international borders,” said Mohammed Nader Farhad, spokesperson for the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees Kabul office. “In Afghanistan, legally speaking, they cannot seek asylum.”
Sikhs and Hindus have a long history of being traders and business people in Afghanistan. The community is far-flung, with enclaves from Helmand province in the south to Kunduz province in the far north. They are well known for selling herbal medicines for which there is a high demand among Afghan Muslims, Sikhs and Hindus.
While Sikhs and Hindus have divergent religious beliefs — Sikhs believe in one god, while Hindus are polytheists — they are often lumped together by Afghans due to the common Indian origins of their faiths, and the two groups have formed a loosely knit single community, even praying together, despite their differences.
Recently, they have also been leaving together. Now, a community that numbered as many as 20,000 in the early 1990s has dwindled to roughly 3,000, many of whom stay simply because they can't afford to leave. Many have gone to India, where the majority of the world's Sikhs live, some of the wealthier ones have made it to Western Europe and the United States.
“The situation is better for others, but not for us,” said Tarlock Singh Jawaherzada, a Sikh who runs an herbal medicine shop in Kabul and, like most interviewed for this story, wants to leave Afghanistan. “We face discrimination, and we face threats, so life is worse for us” than before the U.S. invasion.
On a recent Friday night, there was plenty of space on the vast expanse of red carpet in the high-ceilinged prayer room of Kabul's Dharamsal temple. Rougly 40 worshippers dotted the floor, where hundreds used to gather, as Sikh holy men led them in prayer. Netting now covers the second story windows after they were repeatedly smashed with bricks and rocks. Passers-by often yell “infidel” and other insults.
After the services, few worshippers left — knife-wielding robbers often lurk near the temple waiting for adherents to leave nighttime services, according to congregation members — preferring to sleep instead within the temple compound.
While 30 years of war have taken a toll on the community, the last decade has brought a change in Afghan attitudes, from respectful indifference to outright hostility, Khalsa said. That came to a head in the struggle to find a place in Kabul to burn their dead, the traditional funeral rites for both Sikhs and Hindus.
For more than a century, they had cremated bodies in the same area on the outskirts of town, but several years ago residents began complaining about the smell. That led to a protracted struggle to find a new place. Each time the city of Kabul would agree to a new spot, municipal officials would accompany Sikh and Hindu representatives to the area and, inevitably, residents would come out to protest, sometimes with threats of violence, Khalsa said. Then the municipal workers would flee.
One confrontation about two years ago turned violent and a Sikh was killed. Then, last year, visiting yet another prospective cremation spot, residents again confronted Khalsa's group.
“They asked, ‘Are you Hindus from India?' I said, ‘No, we are sons of Afghanistan,' ” Khalsa said. “They said, ‘If you want us to serve you tea or bread, we can; if you want us to bring out our guns and bombs, we will, unless you go away.' ”
The latest incident happened in the wake of a suicide bombing at a wedding in Samangan province, which killed more than 20 people, including a prominent Sikh. With nowhere to burn the body, community members went to their original burning place to cremate the body. When they came to collect the ashes the next day, they found that villagers had thrown stones and bricks into the ashes.
“After this I don't feel Afghan,” Khalsa said. “It makes you give up on the country.”
Afghanistan's deputy minister of Tribal Affairs, Yaqoob Ahmadzai, defended the government's treatment of Afghan Hindus and Sikhs. They acknowledged there have been problems with finding a cremation spot, but downplayed complaints of discrimination and threats.
“They should not feel discouraged. They should not feel they are discriminated against, because the Hindus and Sikhs are free to practice their religion,” Ahmadzai said. “Afghans are running businesses with them, living side by side and there is no problem.”
One Sikh who is encouraging their community to stay is Anar Kali Hunaryar, a senator appointed to their post one year ago by Karzai.
“I don't agree that if you face problems and you can't get your rights you should leave the country,” they said. “You have to struggle for your rights.”
They also downplayed the level of hostility between Sikhs and Hindus and their Muslim neighbors and cited a plan to build a township for the community, complete with schools, clinics and a market.
The project hasn't been started, however, nor is there a timeline for it, and many Sikhs and Hindus seem fed up with too many promises unfulfilled by the government. For many, there's no going back. Despite being sons of Afghanistan the only hopeful future they see is abroad.
“We've complained to the police and the government,” Khalsa said. “No one cares.”
Electing Donald Trump to the presidency was a MASSIVE success for hard-working Americans who are sick of the elite political class. But we now face the grim truth that having an outsider President isn't enough. The uniparty of Democrats and establishment Republicans (RINOs) is hindering Trump at every turn.
Just look at the Republican betrayal on healthcare. John McCain's “moderateness” is the norm, not the exception, when it comes to GOP politicians. The vast majority of Republicans in Congress are in league with the big donors and Democrats to subvert an America First agenda in favor of globalism.
The ONLY way the Right will ever make meaningful progress is to replace the RINOs in Congress will real Trump-supporting America Firsters–patriots who are truly committed to the immigration, trade, and Islam stances on which Donald Trump was elected.
We have the support of the people. Trump represents the values of the Republican base. The establishment GOP doesn't have that loyalty. Trump is more popular than Paul Ryan in Wisconsin. He's more popular than John Kasich in Ohio. And in Florida (my home state), he's more popular than Marco Rubio, as evidenced by their crushing defeat of Little Marco in the primaries last year.
Furthermore, voters' frustration with the establishment GOP is higher than ever.The only reason RINO clowns like McConnell, McCain, Graham, and Rubio keep winning is because they have the money and infrastructure to get their name out there. Sadly, most voters don't go out of their way to screen primary candidates. They go by name recognition.
That's why we can run the most die-hard Trump supporting primary challengers and still lose. Unknowns will never stand a chance against the extensive, heavily-funded party machinery. The only way to counteract money is with star-power.
After all, that's what Trump did. They were heavily outspent by their competition in both the primaries and general election. But by leveraging their celebrity status and marketing instincts, they made up for the monetary disadvantage.
It's about being well-known. If you're a nobody, you can use money to make yourself known–which is what the party establishment does for career politicians. But if you already have a big name, you don't need as much money.
If we're serious about gaining Congressional seats in 2018, we need the biggest names on the Right to step off the sidelines and into the game–as players, not commentators.
The only people likely to beat establishment candidates in the primaries are celebrity candidates like Kid Rock and right-wing icons who have a proven track record of loyalty to Trump's America First agenda.
One of the most obvious figures who should put their name on the ballot is Mike Cernovich, the California-based journalist and mindset expert who's broken several important political stories. Mike has a Twitter following of 325,000 and is one of the most important thought leaders in the New Right.
Interestingly, Mike previously considered running for Congress when it looked like their representative, Dana Rohrabacher, would be chosen as Trump's Secretary of State. Instead, Mike should set their sights on the Senate, as California Senator Diane Feinstein is up for re-election in 2018.
Laura Ingraham, a popular conservative radio host, has also expressed an interest in running for Senator in Virginia against Hillary's running mate Tim Kaine. While she's more of a movement conservative, she's supportive of Donald Trump. They probably only flirted with the idea of running, but if they really wants to make a difference she'll go forward with it.
There are many influential right-wingers who could win, but what keeps them from jumping into politics themselves is the idea that they contribute more than thought-leaders than they would in political office.
While we certainly need people leading the conversation, right now we're honestly inundated with commentators; what we lack are loyal statesman to actually implement policy. In other words, the Right is currently suffering from too much talk and too little action.
Many of our major personalities feel limited by the expectation that our politicians and intellectuals should remain separate. But why? That's a modern development that wasn't the norm in the Founders' days.
If you look at early America, when we had our greatest non-career politician statesmen, the leading men in government were also the biggest intellectual voices. Individuals like Thomas Jefferson, James Madison, Alexander Hamilton, and John Adams drove the national dialogue with their brilliant writings–but they also got off their armchairs to do the nitty gritty work of governing.
Like these founding fathers, our influential conservative media figures are financially independent people of means. Because their livelihood doesn't depend on a government paycheck, they have greater freedom from the manipulation of the establishment party fat cats.
Of course, running for office would mean having to give up work on their media enterprises, which would result in a loss of money. But doesn't serve your country always entail sacrifice?
My message to our foremost right-wingers in states having elections in 2018: if you want to do more than just rant on the internet, run. If you're tired of the hypocritical charades playing out in Congress, run. If you really want to fix immigration, trade, health care, and the refugee debacle–RUN.
President Trump could really use your help. And everyday American patriots throughout the country are counting on you.
In order to level what they deem to be an unfair field of competition against the likes of Uber and Lyft, Flywheel Taxi of San Francisco is suing California regulators, the Chronicle and Examiner report.
While taxis are regulated by cities and counties, which have stricter rules, Uber, Lyft, et al. are regulated more loosely at the state level. Specifically, the California Public Utilities Commission began regulating the new breed of ride-hailing companies — or transportation network companies (TNCs) — two years ago.
But Flywheel contends that the PUC should vacate its post as their regulator in favor of city and county authorities. No monetary damages are sought, just Flywheel's attorney feels.
“We are seeking equal protection,” said Hansu Kim, Flywheel's CEO. “When we compete against Uber, we want them to play by the same set of rules.”
Among the disparities cited by the Flywheel suit are several benefits Uber and Lyft need not confer. Those include worker's comp coverage for all drivers, maintaining fleets that are 90 percent fuel-efficient, limiting how many for-hire cars are on the street, and providing accessible vehicles for people with disabilities. Further, taxi rivers at the city level must have commercial licenses, subjecting them to more thorough background checks.
Flywheel Taxi is a rebranding of San Francisco's oldest cab company, DeSoto. The move to repaint its cars red and change names highlighted the fact that the companies taxis may be summoned, like Uber and Lyft cars, via an app.
The SFMTA appears to share Flywheel's concerns. “At this time, the lawsuit addresses both an industry and issues germane to the SFMTA so we are reviewing this newly filed lawsuit,” said an SFMTA spokesperson. “Moreover, the SFMTA has longstanding concerns about the fragmented nature of the regulatory frameworks for TNCs and taxis.”
Related: DeSoto Cab Co. Rebrands Itself As Flywheel
Woodchipping is the act and industry of chipping wood for pulp. Timber is converted to woodchips and sold, primarily, for paper manufacture. In Australia, woodchips are produced by clearcutting or thinning of native forests or plantations. In other parts of the world, forestry practices such as short rotation coppice are the usual methods adopted.[citation needed]
Uses of wood chips includes the manufacture of particle board (or "chip board") and other engineered woods, mulch and fuel.
Sources and process [ edit ]
Historically, the primary sources of wood chips in Australia have been the extensive Eucalyptus hardwood forests found throughout temperate areas of the country. In more recent times, a significant proportion comes from managed hardwood and softwood plantations.
During the late 1960s and 1970s, the high demand for paper and the relatively low cost and availability of the native forests made the establishment of a woodchipping industry a viable proposition. Conversely, the establishment of a woodchipping industry made it economically feasible to clearfell areas of mixed or substandard forest that could not otherwise have been felled. Clearfelling is a controversial forest practice in Australia, and opponents argue that the woodchipping industry is culpable for its continuation.
Woodchips are converted into a fibre that can be made into various grades of paper or rayon for the textile industry. Most processing and value adding takes place outside of Australia.[1] The Australian economy benefits directly from a low-cost and high-volume export commodity.[2]
Usage [ edit ]
Wood chips, as a byproduct of the timber industry, have been used in many ways for centuries, for example as a material for the production of wallpaper or as a disposable floor covering in butchers shop or drinking houses. Wood pulp is the primary market for the woodchipping industry in Australia.
The practice, known as woodchipping, was to make use of most of the woody material in a tree to produce wood chips. This was then converted into paper, hardwood pulp is mainly used for printing paper and softwood pulp is added for good quality.[3] An energy-intensive process, it also involved the use of bleaches and other toxic chemicals. This stage of the process, known as Kraft pulping, was primarily performed in Japan and elsewhere. High demand for paper products had purpose-built bulk carriers increase the export of woodchips from Australia to Japan.
The separation of the chipping stage and the pulping and paper mills required the supply of energy usually sourced from byproducts of the process. Additional energy expenditure is found in the shipping of raw materials and export of the finished product.
Criticism and environmental opposition [ edit ]
The introduction of the wood chip industry to Western Australia in the 1960s initially attracted less opposition than it did in the eastern states. At first it was seen as an opportunity for the economic development of the south west; it was not until the 1970s that an environmental movement against it began to emerge[according to whom?]. The volatility of the issue became apparent in 1976 when two activists carried out the Bunbury woodchip bombing, a failed attempt to disable woodchip exporting facilities for 18 months.[4]
See also [ edit ]
Woodchip mill companies and locations [ edit ]
Woodchip critics and opponents [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
Film director Peter Jackson has admitted to blacklisting actors Ashley Judd and Mira Sorvino in response to a “smear campaign” orchestrated by accused sexual predator Harvey Weinstein.
What Salma Hayek's Weinstein story reveals about Hollywood power and pay Read more
“I recall Miramax telling us they were a nightmare to work with and we should avoid them at all costs,” Jackson said, referencing the production company Weinstein ran with their brother Bob. As a direct result, they said, both women fell out of the running for parts in their Lord of the Rings series.
“At the time, we had no reason to question what these guys were telling us. But in hindsight, I realize that this was very likely the Miramax smear campaign in full swing. I now suspect we were fed false information about both of these talented women.”
Their admission in an interview published on Thursday offers the latest glimpse into the Weinstein machine – the byzantine network of alleged enablers and informants, the gossip and threats Weinstein is accused of using to protect themselves against sexual assault claims and punish those who rejected their advances.
Sorvino and Judd have both claimed they refused Weinstein's pressure to have physical relationships, and Sorvino has said they felt “iced out” of the industry after rejecting their advances.
On seeing Jackson's interview, Sorvino tweeted on Friday: “I burst out crying. There it is, confirmation that Harvey Weinstein derailed my career, something I suspected but was unsure. Thank you Peter Jackson for being honest. I'm just heartsick.”
Judd said, “I remember this well.”
Jackson denied knowing about sexual assault allegations against Harvey Weinstein and said they have long since ceased to work with the Weinstein brothers because they acted like “second-rate mafia bullies”.
Although Jackson was, in the early 1990s, developing the Lord of the Rings series for Miramax, production eventually moved to New Line Cinema.
A spokesperson for Harvey Weinstein denied they and their brother, who were credited as executive producers on the series, had any input on casting choices.
“Mr Weinstein has nothing but the utmost respect for Peter Jackson. However, as Mr Jackson will probably remember, because Disney would not finance the Lord of the Rings, Miramax lost the project and all casting was done by New Line,” the spokesperson said in an email.
The spokesperson said Weinstein cast Judd for other films after Weinstein's harassment was alleged to have occurred and “Sorvino was always considered for other films as well”.
Earlier this year, the spokesperson claimed, Sorvino asked Weinstein to cast their husband, Christopher Backus, in a television series.
The New York Times and the New Yorker previously reported that Weinstein cultivated a far-reaching network of entertainment professionals, spies, and media allies to help them deflect potential exposure or retaliate against the source of those threats.
Weinstein is alleged to have told multiple women they could enhance their careers or ruin them depending on how they responded to their sexual advances. One actor, Annabella Sciorra, has accused Weinstein of violently raping them and suspects them of ruining their reputation.
“From 1992, I didn't work again until 1995,” they told the New Yorker. “I just kept getting this pushback of ‘We heard you were difficult; we heard this or that.' I think that that was the Harvey machine.”
Darryl Hannah claimed they resisted Weinstein's advances and experienced “instant repercussions”. After an international premiere of Kill Bill 2, they recalled to the magazine, a Miramax company plane left without her, and their flights, stylists and accommodations were cancelled for another.
Also on Thursday, the New York police department announced it was opening an investigation into Russell Simmons, the rap mogul and founder of Def Jam Recordings, after multiple women accused the powerful music producer of rape and sexual assault.
Another accuser, Kelly Cutrone, a TV personality, author, and fashion publicist, emerged Friday morning. They claimed Simmons - who has denied previous rape allegations – tried to rape them and they escaped after a violent struggle.
“I remember running out the door and getting a cab and all I remember was that I got in a cab and I remember a feeling – which was so crazy – of, ‘Oh my god. Somebody just tried to rape me. What do I do?'” they told Page Six. “And then the energy of going to the police and pressing charges against them was overwhelming to me.”
Soldier Michael Sharkey was deployed to Afghanistan two years ago and asked a friend to watch over their house in New Port Richey, Florida. Sharkey never thought that they would have to fight a battle to save their home from ex-convict squatters.
As reported by WFLA News Channel 8, strangers broke into the home Sharkey shared with their wife Danielle, changed the locks, then moved in. The squatters, Julio Ortiz and their girlfriend Fatima Cardoso, then refused to leave. Ortiz claims that there was a verbal ‘contract' made with Sharkey's friend who was watching the home. Mr. Ortiz said the agreement was that they would live there rent-free while they renovated the house, then later a rental agreement would be worked out. However, Sharkey and Lisa Pettus, Sharkey's friend, say there was no such agreement.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
Pettus said they met Ortiz through a friend and the only agreement was that they would fix up the house while the Sharkeys were away. When Pettus drove by the house two months after the renovation was completed, they found the squatters living in the home.
"I want the people out. They're criminals living in my house," Michael Sharkey told WFLA. “I have never spoked to these people in my life.” Specialist Sharkey called the Pasco County Sheriff's Office from Afghanistan to deal with the situation and their wife flew to Florida from Hawaii, where Sharkey is currently stationed. Ms. Sharkey went to the house and had a sheriff's deputy with them but was unsuccessful in removing the two squatters. Instead, after Ortiz told the deputy that there was a verbal agreement, the deputy told Danielle that it was a civil matter and they could do nothing.
Story continues
Ken Doll, Pasco County Sheriff's Office spokesperson told the station that the squatters have established residency in the home. The sheriff's office could not force the couple to leave without a court ordered formal eviction. That wasn't satisfactory to Mr. Sharkey who questioned, “Basically what you're telling me is just because they're in the house and they took up residence, they can live there. Okay, so I can go down the street and find an empty house and just kick in the door and start living there and that's my residence. I don't think that would work.” They added, "I don't think I should have to pay hundreds of dollars and go through that aggravation…I work hard, long hours, and these people never had permission to live in my home. They should be thrown out." The Sharkeys are also concerned that if they do get the formal eviction, the squatters will damage their home.
The two have both spent time in prison. Ortiz was released in 2011 after serving time for robbery, car jacking and selling drugs on school property. Cardoso was released in 2006 after serving more than two years for drug charges. Both have since been arrested in Pasco County on drug charges.
The squatters know that the family wants them out of the house, but say they won't leave until they want to. That may be sooner than Ortiz lets on because the two have been using buckets for water, unable to get the utility company to turn it on without a lease.
Support has streamed in for the Sharkeys since the station originally aired their story. Many have offered the military family help and agree with Sharkey's outrage. "They are criminals,” said the soldier. “I am serving my country, and they have more rights to my home than I do."
UPDATE April 24, 2014 9:22 AM PDT:
WFLA reports that the squatters appeared to be moving out of Sharkey's home on Wednesday evening. A mini-van and car were seen in the driveway being packed.
The station noted that veterans groups stepped up offering the Sharkeys help in removing the squatters. Lauren Price of one of the groups, Veterans Warriors, told WFLA, "I don't think [Ortiz is] a squatter. I think he's a criminal and what they did is breaking and entering." The station reports that Price's group and another veterans advocacy group “found an attorney to handle the eviction process for free,” and they will be watching over the home to make sure the squatters do not vandalize it.
WFLA also notes that more supporters in Tampa Bay had planned a Sunday motorcycle ride to Sharkey's house to “peacefully make the squatters uncomfortable,” if they hadn't moved.
UPDATE April 24, 2014 3:18 PM PDT:
WFLA reports that by Thursday morning most of the troublesome squatters' belongings were gone and the couple had vacated Army Specialist Michael Sharkey's house. WFLA was on the scene while the squatters packed up their belongings and the station captured video of some bizarre behavior by Ortiz during the move. You can watch that footage here.
Only a few items remained in the front yard and two dogs were left at the house. After Animal Control captured the animals, Julio Ortiz's friends arrived to retrieve them. Reportedly Duke Energy also arrived at the house to investigate how the squatters managed to get electricity at the home.
Dozens of veterans and neighbors in the area have offered to help at the Veteran Warriors' planned cleanup and remodel of the home.
Videos and more info: WFLA (1),WFLA (2), WFLA (3)
McNevan said there are no plans to bring both arenas to maximum capacity at the same time.
The 70,000 capacity bowls would be used to host one-off shows with big name artists.
“We're not trying to do 15 one-off shows, but throughout the summer it will give bands like that, that can sell more tickets, an opportunity to play one-offs there,” McNevan said.
Next year, McNevan hopes Boots and Hearts sells more than 40,000 tickets.
“Right now we're working with the municipality on this (40,000) and if we can deliver an event that people are happy with… then we'll grow it to the level they'll allow us to,” they said.
Burl's Creek has applied to Oro-Medonte for permission to use the entire site: 526.77 acres. Burl's Creek is located off Highway 11 on Line 8 and the entire property stretches from Lines 7 to 9.
Oro-Medonte residents opposing large festivals at Burl's Creek are hoping to quash this summer's events. Save Oro has launched legal action on one temporary-use bylaw and plan to fight another at the Ontario Municipal Board if it's approved by Oro-Medonte council.
McNevan said Burl's Creek doesn't need a new bylaw to host Boots and Hearts and WayHome Music and Arts Festival this summer, but it does create less inconvenience for neighbouring residents. Using both Lines 7 and 9 cuts traffic congestion by 50 per cent, McNevan said.
Without access to Line 7, ticket holders slotted to that area can't camp and park there.
“The inconvenience to the community is significantly increased if those people can't come on site to camp, if they have to go back and forth every day,” McNevan said.
Image caption A strain of streptococcus bacterium causes scarlet fever
Officials are warning of an outbreak of scarlet fever among children in Hong Kong.
There have been more than 400 cases of the disease this year, including the death of a six-year-old last month.
Initial tests suggest a five-year-old boy may also have died from the bacterial infection, which is spread by coughing and sneezing.
Scientists in Hong Kong believe the bacteria may be spreading more quickly than usual due to a genetic mutation.
Cases have also been seen in mainland China and Macau.
Scarlet fever is due to a throat infection caused by a bacterium called streptococcus
A strain called group A streptococcus causes scarlet fever
Scarlet fever causes a sore throat, high temperature and a rash
It usually occurs in children
The tongue may become pale but coated with red spots (strawberry tongue)
Treatment is with antibiotics like penicillin
Source: Patient UK
Dr Thomas Tsang, controller of Hong Kong's Centre for Health Protection, said: "If the genetic mutation is responsible for the increased transmissibility of the bacteria, the outbreak may be sustained for some time."
Scarlet fever happens every year in the region, but this year there have been more cases than usual.
Hong Kong has had 419 cases, already the highest annual total in the city.
Most are in children under 10, with clusters in kindergartens, primary schools and childcare centres.
Scarlet fever infections have gone up around fivefold in China, and threefold in Macau, about an hour by ferry from Hong Kong.
According to a government statement, there may be regional outbreak of scarlet fever.
A piece of space memorabilia once bought for less than $1,000 is expected to fetch between $2 million and $4 million at an upcoming auction.
The moon-rock bag, which also contains moon dust, is from the first manned mission to the moon, Apollo 11, and could have belonged to the first man on the moon, Neil Armstrong. Sotheby's also touts the bag as “the only such artifact in private hands.”
Sotheby's will auction the bag in New York City on July 20, the 48th anniversary of Armstrong's “giant leap for humankind.”
"This seemingly modest bag ... played a crucial role in the most important scientific task of the Apollo 11 mission — to bring back the first sample of lunar material ever collected. To be able to see such an object in person is a once in a lifetime opportunity," said Cassandra Hatton, vice president and senior specialist in charge of the space exploration sale at Sotheby's.
"It is one thing to read about going to the moon; it is quite another to hold in one's hands an object that was actually there and still carries traces of that faraway place," Hatton added.
The bag was involved in a lot of drama before ending up at Sotheby's.
It's unclear how NASA lost the bag, but it eventually ended up in a private museum called the Cosmosphere in Hutchinson, Kansas. The owner of the museum was later convicted of stealing and selling space memorabilia.
In 2015, the U.S. Marshals Service mistakenly put the bag up for bidding, but it took three auctions to finally sell for just $995.
The highest bidder, Nancy Lee Carlson of Illinois, decided to send the bag back to NASA to test its authenticity.
"Scientific tests revealed the dust in the bag to be moon dust, specifically from the Apollo 11 landing site and a part number printed inside of the bag matched up to that of the ‘Contingency Lunar Sample Return Decontamination Bag' listed in the Apollo 11 stowage list," Sotheby's stated.
NASA did not have any records of having released the bag and decided not to return the bag to Carlson. It did offer to reimburse them the $995.
Carlson sued, and in December of 2016, judges ordered the bag returned to them They took possession on Feb. 27 and consigned the bag for auction at Sotheby's.
While the bag appears to be a rare case of Apollo memorabilia in private hands, there are other souvenirs from the missions, including patches and medals, most of which were carried by astronauts specifically as souvenirs.
According to Space.com, the highest price paid for an Apollo souvenir was $1.625 million for a Bulova watch worn on the moon in 1971 by Apollo 15 astronaut David Scott.
Sotheby's said Carlson will give some of the proceeds from the moon-rock bag auction to various charities.
Supercharge your gaming with the great power of the Sapphire 100363TXSR Radeon R9 280X video card. This card is based on the cutting-edge 28nm GCN architecture with the new Microsoft DirectX 11.2 support, and built around 2048 Stream Processors and 3GB 384-bit GDDR5 memory. It delivers a significant performance boost in your favorite games and daily applications. Moreover, games enabled with the optimized Mantle speaks the language of GCN architecture to unlock revolutionary performance and image quality. This card enables ultra resolution (four times higher than HD) gaming with rich details. Three aerofoil fans and 10mm heatpipes ensure efficient airflow and provide the coolest and quietest performance. Double sided chokes and solid capacitors make the graphics more reliable for a longer product life. An array of cutting-edge graphics technology, such as AMD HD 3D, AMD Eyefinity technology, AMD App Acceleration, AMD PowerTune technology, and AMD CrossFire, are built right in, offering you more than one way to elevate your gaming experience. With its compact design, this graphics card is perfect for standard ATX systems.
In honor of May Day, let's think big for a moment. No, no, no. Bigger than that.
Consider all the furious attention paid to economic inequality of late, courtesy of Thomas Piketty and Capital in the 21st Century. They argue that increasing inequality is an inevitable outcome of laissez-faire capitalism, and proposes we fix this with a global wealth tax.
I humbly suggest that he's thinking much too small, and that the 21st century will be far too transformative to be contained within the worn and shabby walls of capitalism.
…Given that intro and title, I should quickly disclaim: I am, in fact, a big fan of capitalism. I don't think it's possible for anyone to have traveled across as much of the developing world as I have without being convinced of the enormous benefits (on the whole) of technology-powered capitalism and/or capitalism-powered technology, which have made billions of lives around the globe immensely better over just the last few decades.
But:
(Don't get me wrong. I'm a capitalist. But let's not pretend that capitalism is oh-so-awesome: it's just the best available alternative.) — Jon Evans (@rezendi) February 4, 2014
What if today's technology is beginning to finally make better alternatives possible…but just as clean tech is being thwarted by the trillions of dollars previously sunk into fossil-fuel infrastructure, our collective investment in capitalism itself is forestalling superior post-capitalist alternatives?
If that sounds completely crazy, consider this:
Will ownership turn out to be largely a hack people resorted to before they had the infrastructure to manage sharing properly? — Paul Graham (@paulg) April 15, 2013
Replace “ownership” with “capitalism” up above — and I would argue the line is fine — and I submit you wind up with an awfully similar conclusion.
Similarly: “We are beginning to witness a paradox at the heart of capitalism … enables an emerging collaborative common to flourish alongside the capitalist market,” argues Jeremy Rifkin in the New York Times. And: “What should happen if and when the continuous production of surpluses stops being desirable or even necessary? The point, if you will, when capital becomes excessive to humanity's needs?” asks, of all publications, the Financial Times.
I think it's worth at least considering the possibility that we are, very slowly, inching towards a post-capitalist society.
But if and when we get there … capitalism will be replaced with what, exactly? A centralized command economy? God, no. Everyone singing “Kumbaya” in perfect seven-billion-part harmony? Seems highly unlikely. Even in a good-case low-scarcity future, there will still be hierarchies, highly unequal distribution of resources, etc; it's just that the rules of distribution will be different, and hopefully better.
I strongly suspect that any post-capitalist society will be built around a technologically sophisticated reputation economy, very very loosely a la Cory Doctorow's Down and Out in the Magic Kingdom.
Obviously we already live in a world full of subtle reputation economies — you see one in action any time a celebrity gets special treatment. Nowadays, though, technology could enable something much more codified and quantitative. (Crude hacks like Klout may at least light the way, for all their flaws.)
But any working reputation economy can't be subject to centralized control. That would offer too much opportunity for corruption and abuse. Instead, it would probably need some kind of distributed algorithm which could reliably orchestrate and verify transactions without any central authority. If only such a system had arisen of late…
Oh. Right. Huh. Enter the blockchain.
How would a blockchain-based post-capitalism reputation economy work? I don't pretend to know exactly, this is obviously highly speculative and hand-wavey, but: suppose that every month everyone got 100 Repcoins1 to allocate, along with some incentive to dole them out to people they don't personally know … but Repcoins, like nuclear isotopes, dissipate over time, with a half-life of a few months. Voila: the artists, activists, and companies which many people think are awesome would collect, and spend, meaningful — albeit temporary — reputational wealth.
I'm just spitballing here, to illustrate that we can and should think way outside of the box; currency with a half-life might not be the right idea. Regardless of the implementation details, though, all utopias (and this isn't really a utopia, more like a next-itertopia at best) share the same key problem; how do you get there from here? If there's no answer, this is nothing but meaningless speculation.
But this time I think I actually see a way.
Let's back up for a second. I've been arguing for some time now that the combination of new technology and old capitalism will soon drastically worsen inequality. It seems to me that technology will soon destroy jobs faster than it creates them, if it hasn't started to already. Which is a good thing! Most of the jobs it destroys are bad, and most of the ones it creates are good. Net human happiness should be vastly increased, not decreased, by this process — but, unfortunately, capitalism doesn't work that way.
Even titans of capitalism and tech leaders increasingly agree. The Wall Street Journal says: “Technology and globalization are transforming jobs faster than many workers can adapt.” The Financial Times concurs: “combined with other new technologies, robots might make the distribution of income far more unequal than it is already.” Sam Altman: “Technology makes wealth inequality worse.” Eric Schmidt: “Inequality will become the No. 1 issue for democracies.”
And now, thanks in large part to Piketty, capitalism itself has become suspect, too. “Capitalism simply isn't working…the gap between rich and poor threatens to destroy us,” laments The Guardian, which also notes that the last five years in the UK have been “the longest period of falling real incomes in two generations.”
There are alternative views, of course. Bruce Schneier's interesting take on inequality as a security issue. A bizarre Economist piece which blames inequality on feminism. But it's fair to say that both technology and capitalism — which, remember, between them brought us much if not most of whatever progress we've made as a species over the last two centuries — are now being blamed in tandem for economic stagnation, inequality, and unfairness across the developing world.
Suppose for a moment that this is true, that we have indeed now reached some kind of critical inflection point. (We can't know this for sure, no matter how hard we look at the data; the nature of inflection points is that there's no compelling evidence for them until well after they occur.) What's to be done?
Well, better education won't hurt, but as the New York Times puts it, “most new jobs are likely to be lower-wage jobs.” We already see highly educated graduates competing for unpaid internships, while millions of long-term unemployed have been living on “a mishmash of personal savings, odd jobs, credit card debt and loans from friends and family.”
And so a lot of people have been banging the drum for a basic income. The idea has become sufficiently mainstream that The Economist‘s review of Piketty actually takes them to task for this: “”Why not propose a universal basic income: an inheritance, effectively, for everyone?” But as the Boston Globe puts it:
In the United States, the idea of handing out unconditional government allowances is seen, understandably, as a nonstarter … it just sounds too much like a socialist fantasy … the idea is widely seen as too radical a departure from the status quo. Working out the mechanics would be a nightmare … people who get free government money tend to work less and get divorced more … by guaranteeing people money without requiring them to do anything in exchange, we decouple their value in society from their ability to do a job
That whole “people should work or starve” attitude seems evil and perverse to me — as Politico points out, “The idea that “full time” work is something foreordained and the bedrock of morality is new, mostly a product of the last century” — but it's a moot point, because if I'm right, even those angry reactionaries who fulminate about parasites will eventually be forced to accept that there simply aren't enough jobs which need to be done by people. Consider the fate of America's millions of truck/taxi/Uber drivers when, as the Financial Times suggests,
the entire concept of a car as an appliance is replaced by cars as the physical backbone of a transportation network or cloud … . The real action is commercial, where — freed from the cost of the driver — the fleet of delivery vehicles can easily expand
…All of which is a recapitulation of what I've been writing about for years. Now let's take it a little further.
What happens in a world, or at least a nation, where most of the population lives semi-comfortably (by historical standards) off a basic income, supplemented by occasional temporary gigs, thanks to the economic output of tomorrow's technology; a small middle class works at the diminishing number of jobs which can't be handled by technology; and a smaller-yet minority of the ultra-rich actually design the tech, and/or live off their inheritances a la Piketty? Call it a “low-scarcity” future, as opposed to the full-on Singularitarian “post-scarcity” future.
It seems to me that such a world would be extremely fertile ground for the rise of — you guessed it — a reputation economy. The key is that it wouldn't outright replace a traditional monetary economy, at least not for some quite considerable time; rather, it would begin to thrive parallel to, and independent of, its capitalistic counterpart. Eventually, though, as I've argued before, since we are fundamentally social creatures, in the long run, “at some point it will be better to be awesome than to be rich.”
If this is so, then Paul Graham's tweet up above is true but doesn't go far enough; capitalism itself will be viewed as a crude but useful hack — albeit one with a whole lot of nasty side effects — which ultimately paved the way to a more enlightened system.
I eagerly admit this is all very far indeed from guaranteed; even if I'm halfway right, then I suspect this will all take a handful of decades yet. But who knows, maybe I'm wrong, maybe this will all happen much faster, on a near-Singularitarian timescale. Maybe if your ultimate goal is to be rich, you're already barking up fundamentally the wrong tree. Because … will any reputation economy reward the lords of capitalism? Somehow, today, with the occasional rare exception, that seems unlikely.
Don't be too alarmed. This is just a May Day thought experiment. But I'm increasingly convinced that, if nothing else, it's one at least worth contemplating.
1 Repcoin: a bad name, but still better than “Whuffie.”
Update: They're gone! Again!
If you want an NES Classic Edition (and you should) but don't want to pay hundreds on eBay (and you shouldn't), you're in luck. ThinkGeek has a few in stock that its parent company, GameStop, mysteriously didn't sell back when everyone was trying to buy them. They're on sale right now, and will probably run out within an hour.
But the catch is they're not just selling them straight out — you have to buy some swag along with each console, bumping the price to a minimum of $140. Money-grubbing conspiracy, you say? How could you think such a thing of a respected company like GameStop?
Anyway, it's not like you have a choice. U.S. only, and one per customer, please.
There are six different bundles, each centered around Zelda, Mario, Tetris or Mega Man. You get the NES Classic and a few knick-knacks, like a Sheikah slate notebook or Mega Buster mug. The one pictured up top seems the most practical — who wouldn't want to decorate their retro gaming cave with a few old NES game box posters?
UPDATE: Regardless of the heavy interest in Miller, D-backs GM Dave Stewart tells Ken Rosenthal of Fox Sports that the team isn't trading him.
Despite currently playing in the worst season of their career, Arizona Diamondbacks pitcher Shelby Miller is apparently receiving quite a few looks before the deadline.
MLB Rumor Central on Twitter As the Aug. 1 trade deadline approaches, follow all of the latest rumblings. @MLBRumorCentral
According to the Arizona Republic's Nick Piecoro, Miller is the D-backs' most talked-about trade candidate.
"We've had a ton of [interest]," general manager Dave Stewart said of Miller. "My story to them is the same: We haven't given up on the young man."
"Making a deal for Shelby is difficult," Stewart added. "We know what they are. We know what we have. We believe they are the guy that we traded for. I don't know that we're going to be better off trying to go out there and find a guy to do what we think he's already capable of doing."
Stewart went on to say Miller is the kind of pitcher "everyone" is looking for, whether they're trying to rebuild or contend.
"He's 25 years old," Stewart said. "He still has some control left to him. Their salary is not whacky. It's not crazy. He's that guy that people are looking for. He's like all the other guys that we have here. They have three years' service. He's got some experience and he's had some success."
Piecoro writes that the Miami Marlins made a run at Miller before acquiring Andrew Cashner from the San Diego Padres. The Los Angeles Dodgers are another team that has reportedly shown interest in the right-hander.
Imagine you're the co-founder of a global corporation, a Japanese electronics industry behemoth with virtually limitless resources at your disposal. But you live on planes, you like to listen to classical music during lengthy trans-Pacific trips, and you're tired of schlepping your company's bleeding edge bulky monaural-only player around.
So, because you can, you instruct your research and development wing to build a smaller, more portable version for your personal use. The year is 1978.
From that self-serving request — made over three decades ago by frustrated Sony co-chairperson Masaru Ibuka and serviced by Sony's tape recorder division with a device Ibuka liked so much they pushed to bring it to market — poured the world's first portable audio empire. Sony's Walkman, which turns 35 years old on July 1, 2014, went on to sell hundreds of millions of magnetic tape-reeling units, decades before Apple's iPod ushered in the digital, solid state audio playback revolution.
Portable audio devices weren't new when Sony's first Walkman, the unsexy-sounding model “TPS-L2,” arrived on July 1, 1979. The world's first portable audio player appeared two-and-a-half decades earlier in 1954: the Regency TR-1 — it had a more logical-looking model number, the TR being short for “transistor,” itself technology that was turning heads in the mid-1950s. It cost $49.95 when it launched, or $442 in today's dollars. It played back radio audio, of course, weighed 12 ounces (with its 22.5-volt battery, which lasted 20 hours), was about the size of an inch-thick stack of index cards and didn't fit in your pocket. But though Regency only sold about 150,000 TR-1 units, it's recognized as the first device that got people out and listening to music on the go.
The Brief Newsletter Sign up to receive the top stories you need to know right now. View Sample Sign Up Now
Magnetic tape appeared earlier still, back in 1930, courtesy German chemical engineering company BASF, though at this point the tape was wrapped around giant reels and hung on machines that were anything but portable (AEG showed off the first reel-to-reel commercial recorder in 1935, dubbed the “Magnetophon”). It took half a century — a period that witnessed the emergence of everything from 8-track players in the 1960s to semi-portable cassette-wielding “boombox” stereos in the 1970s — before Sony began toying with the notion of music-focused tape players small enough to fit in the palm of your hand.
Even then, one of Sony's first attempts at a high-end “portable” stereo music player was hardly mainstream: the TC-D5, released in 1978, was heavy and cost a fortune. It was the bulky TC-D5 that Sony's Ibuka was hauling back and forth on all those lengthy business flights, and which prompted them in 1978 to ask Norio Ohga, Sony's section manager of its tape recorder division, to have a go at creating a stereo version of Sony's Pressman — a relatively small, monaural tape recorder Sony had begun selling in 1977 and targeted at members of the press.
Ohga took Ibuka's request to Kozo Ohsone, the tape recorder business division's general manager, who immediately began fiddling with a modified Pressman that wouldn't record audio but instead offered stereo playback. The resulting device so pleased Ibuka after they tried it on a business trip that they went to then-Sony chairperson Akio Morita, saying “Try this. Don't you think a stereo cassette player that you can listen to while walking around is a good idea?”
Morita did, and they thought the world would, too, immediately instructing their engineering team to begin work on a product “that will satisfy those young people who want to listen to music all day.” The device had to be ready by summer (to appeal to students on vacation) and ship at a price comparable to the Pressman's.
After just four months in development, the device was ready. But what to call it? Sony's Ibuka wanted “Walkman,” in accord with the company's Pressman, but the company wasn't so sure the name was right, at first marketing the device as the “Soundabout” in the U.S. (where it debuted slightly later in June of 1980) and with completely different names in other countries. Sony eventually settled on Ibuka's function-angled moniker — the underlying principle was musical ambulation, after all — and so the Walkman was born, though it wasn't an instant hit.
Sony produced 30,000 units at the device's Japanese launch in 1979 — the TPS-L2 ran on two AA batteries and required headphones, since it had no speaker — and priced it at $150 (just under $500 in today's dollars), but only sold a few thousand by the close of July. It took Sony representatives walking the streets of Tokyo with test units in hand, working the crowds and letting them try the Walkman for themselves, to generate interest that devoured all of Sony's product stock by August's close. And to address critics of the TPS-L2, who balked at the notion of its playback-only limitation, Sony quickly followed with a version of the Walkman it dubbed the TCS-300 that added the option to record as well.
The rest of the story you know: While cassette and later disc-based mobile media players have long since been supplanted by Apple's iPod and the MP3-focused post-iPod listening era, the Walkman, through all its many feature iterations and media shifts to alternative formats like the MiniDisc (sold under the Walkman brand), has gone on to sell nearly 400 million units. By contrast, you have to add up all of Sony's PlayStation game consoles and handhelds sold to date (the first PlayStation went on sale in late 1994) to slide past that figure.
This is somewhat less well-known — you'll find this nowhere in Sony's elaborate corporate self-history — but Sony got into a bit of legal trouble with the Walkman that it didn't fully get out of until roughly a decade ago. That's because of one Andreas Pavel, a German-Brazilian inventor who created a device way back in 1972 that they dubbed the “Stereobelt” (because you wore it like a belt). Pavel's device was enough like the Walkman, and their patents filed well enough in advance, that Sony eventually had to pay them royalties on the Walkman's sales, but then it only did so in certain countries and for select models.
But Pavel, described in this 2005 New York Times piece as “more interested in ideas and the arts than in commerce, cosmopolitan by nature and upbringing,” also wanted recognition for being the inventor of the “portable stereo,” so they pursued Sony, culminating in threats in the early 2000s to sue the company in every country Pavel had filed a patent. In 2003, Sony finally relented, settling out of court for an undisclosed amount, and Pavel won the right, once and for all, to call themselves the inventor of the personal portable stereo player.
My own memories of the Walkman's arrival are filtered through the haze of a pre-Internet-chronicled childhood. I was nine-going-on-10 when the Walkman debuted stateside, living in a remote Nebraska town with a population in the low thousands. (Alexander Payne exaggerates the details of small-town Nebraska life in their eponymous film, but gets the sedate pace and disconnected tone precisely right.) In 1980, my parents had a combo 8-track stereo and record player that looked like a sofa table and took at least two people to move. It had a giant lid to hide all its knobs and levers — a monument to technological unsightliness encapsulated by elegant woodwork. It was state-of-the-art where I lived, and my interface to music as the world was transitioning to mobile.
When I got my first Walkman — I don't recall the exact year, though I'm sure it wasn't the first model — it was a revelation, a means of listening to music when and where I wanted to, of breaking up weekend family car trips (every car trip's forever when you're a kid and an hour in any direction from a major city), of liberating the music I was listening to at the time (a great many John Williams film soundtracks courtesy my uncle, who'd make me cassette copies of their own recordings) from the confines of living rooms, or the aural and control compromises of automobile stereos.
I'm not sure I cared about or even fully understood Sony's role in portable stereo-dom growing up in the 1980s, and Sony or no, a device like the Walkman (just as the iPod after it) was probably inevitable. But credit where credit's due: Sony's Walkman is emblematic of what it meant to be a music connoisseur during the cassette tape's glory days, where keeping the music in transition from your living room to your car stereo to on your person after driving to a park for a stroll or jog was as simple as hitting a button (EJECT), slipping the tiny tape-spooled piece of plastic from one magnetic door to another, and pushing PLAY.
Write to Matt Peckham at matt.peckham@time.com.
Abu Dhabi, UAE: Only six years after opening, Heriot-Watt University in Dubai is preparing to unveil a new 4,000-capacity campus.
The branch campus of the Scottish institution, best known for its engineering programmes, has become one of the emirate's largest universities. But with 2,000 students enrolled, the university is full reported TheNational.
“Last year, we reached capacity at our Academic City location,” said Prof Ammar Kaka, the head of campus. “In five years' time, we anticipate our student numbers being around 3,500.”
The first phase of the £200m (Dh1.2bn) campus, also in Dubai International Academic City, will include housing for staff and academics, laboratories, teaching space and offices. Phase two will include two halls of residence for 600 students and sports facilities.
This September, the institution will offer courses from all its home campus departments in Scotland, from engineering to textiles and design.
When it opened in 2005, Heriot-Watt had just 120 students, all on postgraduate courses. Since then it has added bachelor's and master's programmes, expanding to compete with older, bigger institutions such as the Australian University of Wollongong Dubai and the American University of Dubai – both of which have more than 3,000 students.
Dr Ben Hughes, of the faculty of engineering, said the new campus would make a marked difference to the experience of both students and academics.
“It will make a big difference to both teaching and research, they said. “We need better facilities.”
The university is now working with several local companies to identify areas where research is needed, as well as scoping out what kind of graduates they need.
“We're trying to link with local businesses for the employability of our students,” said Prof Kaka. “In Scotland, Heriot-Watt was established to meet the needs of the local community and we want to provide the same here. Our subject areas are all very job-focused.”
To that end, the university is carrying out research for interest groups such as the Emirates Green Building Council.
From October, the institution will offer a master's in energy and water resources – a key concern in a country that has to desalinate almost all its water. It is also launching a bachelor's degree in interior design.
“The programmes have to be right for Dubai,” said Dr Hughes. “It's not enough to be generating research alone.”
As Heriot-Watt has grown, several rivals have floundered in Dubai's crowded marketplace.
Some of the emirate's 51 private universities and colleges have just a handful of students, while others – such as the International Institute for Technology and Management – have been forced to relocate out of the emirate after failing to meet the academic standards demanded by the regulator, the Universities Quality Assurance International Board. Others have failed to recruit enough students to keep them afloat.
Michigan State University's (MSU) Dubai campus cancelled its undergraduate operations last year after the economic crisis left it with too few students to justify its presence in the emirate. About 100 students had to either relocate to other universities, or go to the home campus in the US, after it cut back to just one master's programme.
Natasha Ridge, the head of research at the Dubai School of Government, said Heriot-Watt's approach was much more sustainable.
“The more successful universities benefit from taking a longer-term approach to growth,” they said, “which means they start small, usually with postgraduate programmes, and then assess the needs of the market for other offerings or undergraduate once they are on the ground.
“MSU I think would have succeeded if it had followed a similar model.”
© TheNational
SAN FRANCISCO — NASA's Cassini spacecraft has spotted an object located right at the edge of Saturn's A ring that is confounding scientists. Its name? Peggy.
This strange something was spotted by accident on April 15 when Cassini's cameras were aimed at a tiny moon named Prometheus that orbits just inside another of Saturn's rings. A member of the mission's imaging team, astronomer Carl Murray of Queen Mary University of London, noticed an odd kink at the A ring's edge that jutted outward.
"I'd not seen anything like this personally in the A ring," they said during a talk today here at the 2013 American Geophysical Union conference.
Because they were analyzing the images on April 19, the same day as their mother-in-law's 80th birthday, Murray named the mystery object after them Peggy (the object) appears to be about 1 kilometer in diameter, much too small to be a moon or even moonlet, which are generally at least 10 times bigger. Cassini's cameras can only see down to about 10 km, so Peggy is only known by the interference it causes.
"What they see is a disturbance in the rings," said physicist Matthew Hedman from the University of Idaho, also a member of Cassini's imaging team but who was not involved in Murray's work.
Nobody knows exactly what Peggy is. One possibility is that it's an accumulation of ring material that has collapsed gravitationally under its own weight. Some of Saturn's moons, particularly those orbiting near the rings, are thought to have formed in this way, forming from ring dust and then collecting more material to grow. If this is what Peggy turns out to be, it would be quite exciting for scientists, who have never observed this process before.
The mystery object could also just be a transient feature, perhaps a bunch of material that came together briefly but then broke back up into smaller chunks in the ring. After going back in Cassini's image archive, Murray found pictures of Peggy from as early as June 2012. But it is inconclusive whether or not Cassini has seen the feature in shots taken after April.
"It may well be that the discovery image was the breakup of the object," Murray said.
The Cassini team has scheduled further investigations of Peggy, which may help clear up some of the confusion. They are particularly interested to see what happens to it after January, when gravitational interactions from two moons named Janus and Epimetheus will cause the A ring to expand somewhat, its edge sweeping outward away from Saturn.
"Is it going to ride the edge out? Or will the edge sweep past it?" asked Hedman. The answer will have to wait.
A similar process to the one expected in the U.S. shale oil industry has been going on in parallel in the renewable energy sector. In April 2012 the German solar panel producer Q-Cells, once the largest player in the industry, filed for bankruptcy, only to be taken over by the Korean Hanwha later that year (optics.org). Hanwha Group is now the largest producer of solar panels globally. At the end of last year Spain's solar energy firm Abengoa filed for creditor protection (Euronews). Whether it can escape bankruptcy remains to be seen, but if it does not, its assets and activities will be taken over by another company, which will enjoy a more favourable cost structure. Meanwhile, the price of solar panels continues to fall and the cost of solar energy is getting closer to being commercially viable without government subsidies.
Diet + Hibernation
Typically solitary foragers, dwarf lemurs have a diverse diet consisting mostly of fruit and flower nectar. While they are thought to be less carnivorous than mouse lemurs, they too eat insects and small vertebrates. In preparation for torpor, a fat-tailed dwarf lemur can increase its body weight by 75g (about 40%) at a time. It effectively gorges during times of food abundance, to prepare for Madagascar's dry season when its diet of fruits and flowers is scarce. In the winter months, most dwarf lemurs enter a state of hibernation. During torpor, dwarf lemurs experience a slow-down in their metabolic rates and show a marked decrease in activity and appetite which may last for up to seven months. During this period, these lemurs live off of fat stored in their tails. Hibernation begins as early as March in Madagascar, when the dwarf lemurs retreat to shelters such as those offered by hollow tree trunks. They sometimes do not emerge until the beginning of the wet, hot season in November. Up to five animals may be found huddled together during this period. To prevent obesity in our captive dwarf and mouse lemurs during their torpor period, the DLC has established a “winter diet” and a “summer diet.” The winter diet is initiated in early to mid-September, with a gradual decrease in rations fed to the animals. Starting in mid-March the diet is then increased gradually, reaching the full summer diet amount during the breeding season. Without the reduced rations of the winter months, the dwarf lemurs would continue to consume any and all food provided, which, coupled with a greatly reduced rate of metabolism, could result in extreme obesity!
Video: How does hibernation work?
Have you ever wondered how hibernation works? Or if humans could actually hibernate in real life? Check out this informative and adorably illustrated video by Sheena Faherty, one of DLC Director Anne Yoder's former graduate students. While pursuing their Ph.D. here at Duke, Sheena studied the only primates capable of hibernation behavior: the fat-tailed dwarf lemurs of Madagascar! To watch, click the image above or click HERE. Then, if you'd like to learn even more about these amazing hibernating primates, check out the talk Sheena gave at the DLC's 50th-anniversary scientific symposium: “Gene expression and physiological extremes in primate hibernation”. You can also read the article "Could People Hibernate? Lemurs Give Clues" published in National Geographic, which discusses how studying hibernation in fat-tailed dwarf lemurs can help people, too - from terminally ill patients to soldiers and astronauts. To learn even more, you can symbolically adopt Raven, a fat-tailed dwarf lemur, through the DLC's Adopt a Lemur program. Because you'll receive quarterly updates about Raven and other fat-tailed dwarf lemurs here at the DLC, adopting Raven is a wonderful way to learn about this amazing species AND to support our lemurs' care.
Reproduction
The strong seasonality of breeding found in mouse and dwarf lemurs depends upon a variable “photoperiod,” or day length. Dwarf and mouse lemurs breed at the DLC from mid-April through July. Gestation is 58-62 days. Both species commonly have litters of two or more offspring. All captive dwarf lemurs are provided with a wide variety of nestboxes, ranging from PVC tubes of varying sizes, to wooden boxes, to suspended enrichment boxes, all suitable for sleeping and raising young. Mothers give birth in the nestboxes and generally will keep their infants hidden inside these shelters. If they need to move their offspring, they do so by carrying them in their mouths. Mouse and dwarf lemur offspring of up to three weeks of age are transported by the mother in this fashion, but by the time the infants are two months old they are behaving much like adults and are capable of independent locomotion. On average, mouse and dwarf lemurs reach sexual maturity at one year of age, although females generally are not capable of giving birth until they are 18 months of age. In the wild, juvenile dwarf lemurs tend to enter their first period of dormancy later than adults, perhaps providing the youngsters with a period of reduced feeding competition in which to put on additional pre-torpor weight.
Social Behavior
Dwarf lemurs forage in solitude at night. During the day they congregate, in packs of up to five to a tree hole, while they sleep. The composition of these sleeping groups changes seasonally, and often animals do choose to sleep alone. Sleeping sites generally consist of hollow trees, whose cavities have been cushioned with leaves. Otherwise, they are spherical nests made of dead leaves concealed in heavy undergrowth. Click HERE to see dwarf lemurs nesting in a tree hole in Tsihomanaomby, a subhumid forest in northern Madagascar. Females generally occupy “home ranges” in central areas of a group's range, while a single male may overlap their home range with those of several females. Female prosimians, in general, are considered dominant to males.
Habitat
The species of dwarf lemur found at the DLC, Cheirogaleus medius, is native to the dry deciduous forests of western and southern Madagascar. These small lemurs can live in primary forests, established secondary forests as well as the gallery forest of the southern spiny desert. Dwarf lemurs may be responsible for pollinating some species of baobab trees. In addition, they play an important role in the ecology of the tropical forest by aiding in the dispersal of small seeds. As a part of their normal scent marking routine, dwarf lemurs often smear feces onto branches as they walk along well-traveled arboreal pathways through the forest, thereby providing a perfect microclimate for the germination of parasitic plants common in the forest.
Conservation Status
When only two species of dwarf lemurs were recognized -- one throughout the eastern forests, one in the western forests -- both were considered widespread and thus not highly endangered. However now that the genus has been reclassified into several species with more limited distribution, the conservation status of each species needs to be re-evaluated. Their small size, nocturnality, and ability to live in secondary forests may provide them with more protection; but, as with all lemurs of Madagascar, habitat destruction increasingly threatens their survival. Primary threats to dwarf lemurs' habitat include slash-and-burn agriculture, charcoal production, and brushfires. Duke currently houses 19 fat-tailed dwarf lemurs with 11 males and 8 females. The Lemur Center has seen success recently with singeltons, twins, and triplets born to two different mothers over the last three years.
Basic Facts
Classification Order: Primates; Suborder: Prosimii
Family: Cheirogaleidae
Genus: Cheirogaleus
Species: medius Related species Previously, only two species of dwarf lemurs were recognized: the greater dwarf lemur (Cheirogaleus major) native to the eastern forests and the fat-tailed dwarf lemur (Cheirogaleus medius) in the west. Now a total of seven species are recognized, based on differences in body size, ear characteristics, tail length, skull shape, dentition and pelage. Key facts Adult size: 0.4 – 0.6 pounds
Social life: solitary forager, strictly nocturnal, sleeps in groups of up to 5 individuals
Habitat: western dry deciduous forests
Diet: fruit, flowers (nectar), and occasional insects and small vertebrates
Lifespan: over 20 years in captivity
Sexual maturity: 1.5 years
Mating: extremely seasonal
Gestation: 61 – 64 days
Number of offspring : one to four infants per litter, one litter each year
DLC naming theme : birds (Woodcock, Waxwing, Hummingbird, etc.)
Malagasy name : Matavirambo, Kely Be-hohy, Tsidihy Fat-tailed dwarf lemurs survive long periods of food shortage by storing fat in their tails!
How You Can Help
Black Rifle Coffee Company is not where you go to get your average cup of Joe. The Salt Lake City-based venture is making waves with high-quality coffee while taking a pro-Trump, pro-gun and pro-military stance.
Continue Reading Below
The company's founder, Evan Hafer said their coffee is becoming very popular among conservatives.
“Progressives hate me and conservatives love me. So if you're pro-American, pro-America you're going to love my coffee,” Hafer told FOX Business' Maria Bartiromo on “Mornings with Maria.”
The former Army Special Forces vet started roasting coffee in 2006 so they could have fresh coffee while deployed in Iraq and Afghanistan. Hafer said their passion for coffee, coupled with their military experience, is how Black Rifle was created.
“The black rifles we carry in the military, they are life-saving equipment … However, progressives were villainizing and making this name black rifles … they were just saying the most atrocious things about them,” they said. “So I thought, okay, here's something that I can do, which is, these are my two passions and I'm going to fuse them together. At the same time, I'll just alienate and make a stand and tell people exactly where we are at.”
Advertisement
Hafer added there is a 50% hire ratio for veterans and more than 200 years of combined military service at Black Rifle Coffee.
A mother of a toddler was raped in their home in Umeå by a migrant, because “she offended him”. The 35-year-old migrant committed this horrible act while the woman's young child was in the room next to them.
The perpetrator / via Friatider.se
Swedish media say it all happened after the man came to the woman's house to ask if they wanted to be registered as the buyer of their pizzeria so that they could get an alcohol license for it. But the woman was not interested and according to the migrant they “closed the door before him”.
When they came back they said that they had never been “so insulted in their entire life” and that they “is not like a Swedish man, who would accept that”. The migrant said they are a “real man from Armenia” and then raped them
For the woman it was an extremely painful experience as they just had surgery for cervical cancer. They did not resist because they were afraid that they would murder them or that their child would wake up.
Although the migrant is a serial offender they can still stay in Sweden. They have convictions for abusing another woman, violence, driving illegally and several other crimes.
 They are now sentenced for two years and six months and has to pay 116,028 Swedish crowns (11,600 euros) in damages to the infants' mother. They will not be deported because it was not formally requested by the judge.
By Jimmy G.
Atlas Obscura on Slate is a new travel blog. Like us on Facebook, Tumblr, or follow us on Twitter @atlasobscura.
The story of the Sourtoe begins with Captain Dick. A former cowboy, truck driver, and professional wolf poisoner, Dick Stevenson was poking around a cabin on the outskirts of Dawson City, Yukon in 1973 when they found a jar. Inside, preserved in alcohol, was a human toe.
Known for their madcap schemes—he boasts of having organized "the first nude beauty contest north of the 60th parallel”—the Captain wondered how they could best make use of the toe. Then, after several drinks, it hit him: cocktail garnish.
Advertisement
The Sourtoe, served every night at the Downtown Hotel since 1973, is Stevenson's enduring creation. Originally it adhered to a strict two-ingredient recipe: champagne plus pickled toe. Over the years, however, the Sourtoe rules have relaxed. Any liquid, alcoholic or otherwise, may now be used, but drinkers must abide by the official chant: "Drink it fast or drink it slow, but the lips have got to touch the toe." Those who accomplish the wince-inducing task receive a certificate of membership in the Sourtoe Cocktail Club.
The same toe is used for every drink—alcohol keeps it sterile—but incidents of accidental swallowing have resulted in a succession of donated toes. The first toe, amputated from a man's frostbitten foot in the 1920s, went down the throat of an intoxicated miner in 1980. Toe No. 2, donated when its owner developed an inoperable corn, went missing a short time later. A baseball player swallowed toe No. 3, another frostbite casualty, in 1983. Five toes have since been donated to the bar, the most recent arriving in a jar with a message: “Don't wear open-toed sandals while mowing the lawn.”
(Fair Warning: Do not scroll down if you do not wish to see a closeup of the toe!)
Advertisement
Grand Kingdom Review Prepare for war Reviewed by A.J. Maciejewski playing a PS4 on June 20, 2016 Grand Kingdom is also available for PS Vita
Turn-based strategy RPGs could always use a little variety. Thankfully, Grand Kingdom is here to provide an immersive and unique experience but is it a war worth fighting? Keep marching forth and let's find out.
I don't know what hurts more, the sword or the wall of spikes...
Grand Kingdom is such a massive game that I don't know where to start. Playing it basically puts you in control of an army of soldiers who fight wars and perform tasks to increase their reputation. Battles are generally structured in two phases. The first involves moving a chess piece around a map one space at a time while your enemies move at every step you take. Then, you enter a battle whenever you land on the same spot as an opponent. These battles play like a turn-based Guardian hero where you move your soldiers between three planes in order to unleash a fury of attacks on your foes and take them out as effectively as possible. Overall, it's an impressively unique battle setup. The combination of slowly traversing the map then engaging in exciting intimate battles is superbly implemented to craft one addictive gameplay formula.
On top of this fantastic battle system is one of the deepest party customization dynamics that I've ever seen. Before you set your party up, you have to hire each soldier individually. There are many classes to choose from yet they seem quite balanced so it's up to your personal preference. Obviously, you can level up and equip your characters to maximize their capabilities but many more systems are at play. Levelling up allows you to assign points to each fighter's list of attributes. Also, attaching pyroxenes to pieces of equipment enhances their stats while using grimoires teaches characters new passive and active skills. These skills are entirely configurable seeing as you can assign them to buttons and switch between technical or simple controls depending on how comfortable you are with that character's move set. Finally, placing your warriors in predefined positions while also setting up items such as blockades and traps could give you the upper hand in battle. It's amazing how much control you have over your troop.
Not all healers have an ideal work ethic
Grand Kingdom's visuals are vibrant and colourful which contrasts well with the theme of war. Characters are charming with suitable animations and voices while environments are full of life. One aspect of its presentation that I fell in love with over time is the soundtrack. After I get this review up, I'll look into buying it because the orchestral pieces manage to both set the mood for combat and be super catchy. In the end, this is one of the best looking and sounding games that I've played so far this year.
As I've touched on already, Grand Kingdom is a massive game. There are so many ways to play that it'll make your head spin. Of course, there are story missions to work through but if you want to get the full experience and train your party to overcome any situation then you'll need to do much more. Optional quests will have you gathering resources, infiltrating enemy compounds without being spotted, taking over your foes' bases, competing with other players to see who can accomplish tasks more efficiently, and just freely exploring with no pressure. After you pledge your allegiance to a nation, you can send your parties off to fight wars either automatically or under your command. Oh, did I mention that you can have multiple parties? While all of this is happening, players are competing to see who has the strongest nation. It'll likely take a handful of hours just to understand the basics of how all this content works together.
Setting yourself up for success is just as important as performing well in battle
Although I absolutely love Grand Kingdom and consider it one of the best surprises of the year, it does have its problems. One of the biggest issues is the inconsistent controls. You push all of the face buttons except X for different attacks but whenever you're prompted to perform an assist attack, you push X to confirm it. Frequently, I pushed circle out of habit thus cancelled the attack by mistake. There are a few other examples such as how accidentally brushing the touchpad makes the camera pan which is disorienting.
One problem that's difficult to overcome is the fact that Grand Kingdom as a whole is incredibly complex. The many intricate systems take forever to figure out which may be too much for many gamers to handle. Therefore, ensure that you're up for a steep learning curve before enlisting to war. On the other end of the spectrum, once you start to get comfortable with everything then progression starts to become far less rewarding. I reached a point where the shops stopped stocking new items so now if I want better equipment then I have to forge it at the blacksmith. After about the twelve hour mark, each mission started feeling more like a grind although it never got so bad that I was bored. That being said, I can't see myself continuing to play in lengthy sessions.
These bards made me laugh out loud every time and I think Lillia agrees
Grand Kingdom is definitely a must-buy game for anyone looking for a new kind of strategy RPG. It may not be the best one ever made but what's here adds up to one great turn-based experience.
I finally got my tube of E-Solid. I paid a ridiculous shipping rate, and it took forever, but its here. For those of you who aren't fam...
Bloog has carried a pretty basic line of electronic cigarettes since 2008. But its always better to be the best at one thing than a ...
Ok, So Ive been gone for a while from the blog. For give me I had good reason. I opened a vapor/vape/e cig shop in WV. Full Steam Vapor ...
Disclaimer and Objectivity
This site may employ the use of affiliate links, banners, and discount codes for the purpose of helping us pay for web hosting, maintenance, and development. This in no way effects the way products or vendors are reviewed or treated by this site or any of its staff. We stand by our objectivity and loyalty to our readers first and foremost
Former Manchester United midfielder Park Ji-Sung has retired from football at the age of 33.
The South Korean, signed from PSV Eindhoven by Sir Alex Ferguson in 2005, won four league titles at United.
Media playback is not supported on this device Park Ji-Sung scores second for South Korea (UK only)
Park, who finished their career back at PSV on loan from Queens Park Rangers, said knee issues meant they could no longer play at the highest level.
"I'm leaving with no regrets," said Park - the first Asian player to play in a Champions League final.
Park's energy and stamina meant they were often used by Ferguson in key fixtures during a seven-year stay at United.
After joining for £4m, they became the first Asian to captain the club when they took the armband from Ryan Giggs during a Champions League fixture in 2005.
They were unable to help United beat Barcelona in the final of the competition in 2009, but formed part of the Champions League winning squad a year earlier.
Park Ji-Sung honours Champions League: 2007-08
2007-08 Dutch league title: 2002-03, 2004-05
2002-03, 2004-05 Premier League: 2006-07, 2007-08, 2008-09, 2010-11
2006-07, 2007-08, 2008-09, 2010-11 League Cup: 2005-06, 2008-09, 2009-10
2005-06, 2008-09, 2009-10 Fifa World Club Cup: 2008
"I enjoyed playing football," added Park, who played 100 times for South Korea and scored at three World Cups.
"I have achieved more than I thought I would. I'm truly grateful for all the support I have received and I will live the rest of my life thinking how I can pay it back."
Park scored 27 goals in 205 appearances and won 11 trophies at United before joining QPR in 2012.
They moved back to Dutch side PSV on loan for the 2013-14 season after Rangers were relegated from the Premier League.
Want a speed hump on your street? Now is your time to act
For those residents who want speed humps on their street, Feb. 28 was a day they have long been waiting for. That's when the L.A. Department of Transportation began a 45-day-long application period to collect requests for the asphalt humps designed to deter speeding. But speed hump season looks like it's going to be a very competitive.
For one thing, there might be a lot of pent up demand for speed humps because the city went several years without building them until the City Council restored the program last year.
Also, humps will be approved in only two locations in each council district – so only 30 sites citywide. Second, according to the Speed Hump Evaluation Guidelines, each application needs the support and signatures of at least 10 residents. Third, only 30 applications per council district will be accepted.
Those speed hump nominees will then be evaluated and ranked based on need, a process that could take two or three months.
Keep in mind that there also restrictions on where speed bumps can be built:
Speed humps can only be installed on streets with speed limits of 30 mph or less and the 85th percentile speed is more than 5 mph above the speed limit.
The daily volume on the street should be greater than 1,000 vehicles per day (VPD), but not more than 10,000 VPD.
Speed humps cannot be installed on designated truck or transit routes or on any street identified as a primary emergency route.
There should be a minimum of 600 feet between controlled intersections, where at least 2 speed humps can be installed.
Speed humps should not be installed on streets where there are known drainage/flooding issues.
Speed humps cannot be installed on horizontal curves where visibility is less than 150 feet in both directions.
If you think your street qualifies, here's the application.
Got a story, tip, question or photo to share? Submit it here
The Eastsider's Daily email digest includes all new content published on The Eastsider during the last 24 hours. Expect the digest to land in your in email in box around 7 p.m. It's free to sign up! The Eastsider's Daily email digest includes all new content published on The Eastsider during the last 24 hours. Expect the digest to land in your in email in box around 7 p.m. It's free to sign up! Once you submit your information, please check your email box to confirm your subscription.
Multiple people have been shot, including at least one who was heading to vote, in an “active shooter” situation near a polling place in Azusa, California, police and witnesses say.
At least one person has been killed and three injured, Los Angeles County Fire Inspector Gustavo Medina told CNN.
One of the victims was going to vote when they or they were shot, a law enforcement source told the Los Angeles Times.
“It's very early to tell what the motive is, but it appears to be concentrated on the residential side, not at the polling station,” Azusa Police Chief Steve Hunt said it at a press conference.
The Memorial Park polling place located near the scene of the shooting has been locked down, people inside said on Twitter.
The shooter has not been taken into custody. According to Fox LA, there are reports of gunfire being exchanged between police and the suspect.
Officers were “met by gunfire,” at the scene, KABC-TV reports.
The shooter was described as being “heavily armed” by Los Angeles County Sheriff's Captain Jeff Scroggin, the Los Angeles Times reports.
There's an active shooter in my city and at my old middle school pic.twitter.com/kmxT45jwj3 — marco soto (@warzoneintro) November 8, 2016
Several roads were closed near Fourth Street and Orange Avenue, according to KABC.
This story is still breaking and it will be updated as more information is made available. Here is what we know so far:
1. A Witness Says There Was an Active Shooter With a High-Powered Rifle
"Active shooter with high powered rifle" by Slauson and Memorial Park pic.twitter.com/RGzBRGS86r — paul (@saddgranola) November 8, 2016
A witness said on Twitter that there was a report of an “active shooter with a high-powered rifle,” in the area of the shooting scene.
Active Shooter in Azusa California by Slauson Middle School and Memorial Park. Voting station at Memorial Park pic.twitter.com/K0lJXyy5Vb — Samwise (@sammitdammit) November 8, 2016
“This is a very volatile and critical situation,” Azusa Police Officer Jerry Willison told the Los Angeles Times.
The shooting was reported in the residential neighborhood about 2 p.m. local times, according to the Times.
At a press conference, police said the shooter was a woman equipped with an assault rifle capable of firing rapidly.
“Whether it's fully automatic or semiautomatic, we don't know at this time,” Police Chief Steve Hunt said.
2. There Are Conflicting Reports About the Shooter & Police Say There May Have Been More Than One
#BREAKING Azusa, multiple people shot (reports up to 5) in a neighborhood near Orange Ave and 4th street. pic.twitter.com/ajqI6Nqdds — Tara Finestone (@tarawallis) November 8, 2016
There are conflicting reports about the shooter. Police have said they were dealing with a female shooter armed with a high-powered rifle.
But witnesses told reporters they saw a man with a gun. Police said at a press conference it is possible there were two shooters, the woman and a man.
A witness, Roberto Chavez, told the Los Angeles Times they were outside when they saw the heavily armed gunman open fire at a group of people, firing at least 10 rounds. They said the shooter, who wore a white shirt and black pants, ran about three doors down from them after the shooting.
Chavez, 67, told the newspaper they recognized the man as someone who frequently visits the area and hangs out at their neighbor's house. They said they think the victims were their neighbors. They told the Times they do not know the man's name.
No other information about the shooter has been released, including a possible motive, and there has not been any connection made to the polling place or the election.
3. The Gunman Fired At Least 20 Shots at Police Before Retreating Into a House After Officers Returned Fire
On scene at officer involved shooting in #Azusa. SWAT team here. Multiple ppl injured. Full report KCAL 9 at 4 @CBSLA pic.twitter.com/qmzmAjD2rT — Kristine Lazar (@CBSLAKristine) November 8, 2016
Police were fired upon by the shooter, according to authorities. The officers returned fire.
Gunman shot at least 20 rounds at cops who responded to scene — Richard Winton (@LAcrimes) November 8, 2016
Officers were pinned down at the scene and had to be rescued by other officers in an armored Bearcat vehicle, according to police scanner reports. None of the officers were injured.
Azusa update: per @LACo_FD 4 patients transported in unknown condition pic.twitter.com/1Ibbmfg66X — Julie Sone (@ABC7JulieSone) November 8, 2016
The shooter was surrounded after retreating into a nearby house, the Los Angeles Times reports.
Police are now treating it as a barricade situation.
A heavy police presence was reported at the scene, including Azusa Police. The West Covina Police is also at the scene.
The Los Angeles Sheriff's Department also said it was sending units to the area.
4. A Polling Place & 2 Nearby Schools Were Put Into Lockdown
THERE HAS BEEN A SHOOTING OUT SIDE OF MEMORIAL PARK'S VOTING POLL. I'M CURRENTLY ON LOCKED DOWN. pic.twitter.com/oHbMS3R4my — Shaman Cult (@ShamanCult) November 8, 2016
A polling place was put into lockdown, according to voters inside the building. The polling place is located at the Memorial Park recreation center at 320 North Orange Place.
In lockdown at the polling place in Azusa due to police shooting outside. Crazy voting story! — Elliebeth (@MindTheBullsht) November 8, 2016
The Dalton Elementary School polling place was initially affected by the shooting, officials said, but it was not clear if it was in lockdown. It is now open and fully functional.
“Voters should avoid the area and, if necessary, cast a ballot at an alternate polling location. Updates to follow,” the Los Angeles County Registrar said on Twitter.
Monitoring #ActiveShooter situation in Azusa. Two polling locations currently impacted – Memorial Park & Dalton Elementary in Azusa (cont). — Dean Logan, RR/CC (@LACountyRRCC) November 8, 2016
Two nearby schools, Slauson Middle School and Mountain View Elementary , have also been locked down. Neither are being used as polling places.
“As a result of police activity, Slauson Middle School and Mountain View Elementary School have been placed on lockdown. Until further notice, all students and staff will be kept on campus in locked classrooms,” Azusa Unified School District Superintendent Linda Kaminski said in a statement. “Azusa Unified personnel are actively communicating with parents and working with authorities to ensure that both schools are secure. We are asking that students, parents and staff stay clear of the area until the lockdown is lifted.”
5. Azusa Is a City of About 46,000 People in Los Angeles County
Multiple scenes in the Azusa shooting- this 3 car wreck is also part of the investigation. pic.twitter.com/9krkmmY5V3 — Tara Finestone (@tarawallis) November 8, 2016
Azusa is a city of about 46,000 people, according to the 2010 census.
It is located in Los Angeles County, about 25 miles east of the city of Los Angeles.
Police have told residents to shelter in place.
“Critical Incident: Please stay out of the area of Fourth St & Orange Ave. All residents in the area shelter in place,” the department said on Twitter.
Fabio Aru's agent and lawyer have confirmed that they will begin legal action, along with the Astana team, against Greg Henderson for the accusations they made against the Astana team leader on Twitter. Related Articles Aru considers legal action after Henderson accuses Astana rider of cheating
Aru's accelerations not enough to dislodge Contador at Campitello Matese
Aru takes fight to Contador once again at Giro d'Italia
Contador may loan out maglia rosa but still confident for Giro d'Italia
Late on the evening of April 23, just hours after the UCI Licence Commission confirmed that the Astana team could keep its WorldTour licence, Henderson took to Twitter, writing: “Sad to see @fabaro1 "sick". Mate makes sure next time u come back to our sport "healthy". Aka. Clean! #biopassport! Or don't come back!”
They followed that up by posting: “I am so sick of it. It becomes common knowledge within days. Why try cheat.”
Henderson has close to 40,000 followers on Twitter.
They later apologised and removed the Tweets, writing “When you are sick. You are sick. Jumping to conclusions helps nobody. My mistake @FabioAru1. I should shut my mouth. Sincere apologies.”
Henderson was hoping that they could apologise during the Giro d'Italia but Aru made it clear to Cyclingnews before the race that they would take legal action.
Aru told Cyclingnews that they are not involved in a UCI Biological Passport case.
With Henderson hailing from New Zealand but apparently based in Girona, Spain and riding for a Belgian-based team, it took some time for Aru's lawyers to take action but they have now reportedly “started legal action for defamation against Greg Henderson with the competent judicial authorities.”
Alex Carera – Aru's agent, and Giuseppe Napoleone – a lawyer often hired by Italian cyclists, revealed that the legal action has been taken ‘to protect the good name and honour of Fabio Aru and the team (Astana) they ride for.”
The legal action will be pursued in both a penal and civil court as the lawyer try to secure a financial payment for an eventually proven damages.
One of the biggest astronomical events of the century is finally here: Today (Aug. 21), a total solar eclipse will cross the U.S. from Oregon to South Carolina, starting in Oregon at 12 p.m. EDT/9 a.m. PDT (1600 GMT).
To viewers inside the "path of totality," the moon will completely cover the sun, darkening the sky and revealing the star's hidden atmosphere. This cloak of darkness has been known to make plants and animals behave strangely; it also creates a "360-degree sunset," in which the horizon in every direction will glow as if twilight had arrived early. It's an event that transcends science and stargazing, and it is quite simply amazing.
Visit the Space.com home page starting at 12 p.m. EDT (1600 GMT) to watch the solar eclipse live, courtesy of NASA. [Total Solar Eclipse 2017: When, Where and How to See It (Safely)]
Everyone in North America will be able to see at least a partial solar eclipse (assuming clouds don't block your view), so make sure you get outside and see this incredible event. Check NASA's interactive map to find out exactly when the eclipse will be visible in your area.
Remember to protect your eyes during the eclipse — don't look directly at the sun without a solar filter or solar glasses. It is safe to remove your glasses only when the disk of the sun is completely obscured by the moon. Space.com will carry live updates as the eclipse crosses the country, as well as webcasts of the eclipse from throughout the path of totality.
In Carbondale, Illinois, people look through a solar-viewing telescope in preparation for the total solar eclipse on Monday (Aug. 21). (Image: © Denise Chow/LiveScience.com)
A truly awesome event
Scientists and experienced skywatchers have already flocked to the path of totality, lugging telescopes, cameras and scientific equipment. But the eclipse has also drawn many people who otherwise have no interest in skywatching or astronomy. The event is so spectacular, it transcends those categories.
"Those who have not actually been immersed in [a total solar eclipse] have a hard time understanding what all of the fuss is about," E.C. Krupp, director of the Griffith Observatory and an eclipse enthusiast, wrote in an op-ed for Space.com. "It is, however, the most remarkable event ever delivered by the sky. Only the aurora, a close second, comes near totality in impact on the eye and on the heart."
If you aren't traveling into the path of the eclipse yourself, you probably know someone who is. We asked employees at Space.com's parent company, Purch, if they were traveling to see the eclipse and many of them responded, "yes." Mona Bushnell, a writer for Business News Daily and Tom's IT Pro, said their husband's interest in astronomy has rubbed off on them and she's looking forward to this major celestial event.
"We set up our telescope on the sidewalk in Queens during the supermoon lunar eclipse in 2015," Bushnell told Space.com. "It was awesome, not only because it was such a special event, but also because people from all walks of life stopped and asked to take a look, and before long, we had gathered quite a crowd. No one knew each other. Many didn't even speak the same language, but for one second, we were united in our humanity and dwarfed by space together. That's why I want to see the solar eclipse."
Michael Freudberg, a sales development and ad product marketing manager for Purch, is an avid backpacker and will be headed to a remote part of Wyoming to see the eclipse. They said he'll enjoy the splendor of the great outdoors, with the added bonus of a total solar eclipse.
"I figure [a total solar eclipse] doesn't happen too often, that it is something people whose opinions I respect speak of in awe, and I like to travel/backpack even when the sun isn't disappearing," they told us. "I want to think about how scared people felt before they knew the very innocuous science behind why the sun disappears for a couple minutes, then sit back and enjoy the comfort of knowledge in a beautiful setting. I want to share the gift that is the American wilderness with my brother, who will be backpacking for the first time. I want to see something millions will see that day from a place that no one else will see on that day."
Science writer David Baron, author of the book "American Eclipse" (Liverlight, 2017) about the total solar eclipse of 1878, discussed their own eclipse epiphany during a TED Talk earlier this summer. Baron had heard from an astronomer that total solar eclipses are "the most awe-inspiring event in all nature," and that "before you die, you owe it to yourself to see a total solar eclipse."
That piqued Baron's curiosity, they said, so they traveled to Aruba in 1998 to see this incredible sight. The experience "changed my life," said Baron, who now travels to see total solar eclipses around the globe.
"[A total solar eclipse] is the ultimate experience of awe," Baron said during the TED Talk.
"That word, 'awesome,' has grown so overused that it's lost its original meaning," they continued. "True awe — a sense of wonder and insignificance in the face of something enormous and grand — is rare in our lives. But when you experience it, it's powerful. Awe dissolves the ego, it makes us feel connected, it promotes empathy and generosity. Well, there is nothing truly more awesome than a total solar eclipse."
Planning for big crowds
On Friday and Saturday, traffic conditions leading into the path were mostly clear, even though experts predicted clogged highways leading up to the big event.
But many people already in the eclipse path have been celebrating for days with festivals, concerts and other pre-eclipse events. You can read about what's happening inside the path here on Space.com; we have staff members reporting live from Rexburg, Idaho and Carbondale, Illinois; you can also get live updates from our other reporters stationed along the path on our main eclipse page.
In Carbondale, Illinois — which is close to the point of the longest duration, where totality will last for about 2 minutes and 40 seconds — organizers from the city and Southern Illinois University (SIU) Carbondale have been formally planning for the eclipse for a year.
"We believe that this opportunity warrants a celebration, and we also wanted to make sure that we have activities and entertainment available for visitors and residents," Gary Williams, city manager of Carbondale, told Space.com.
"As of today, our weather seems ideal, so if that doesn't change, we would expect that our number [of] visitors will be on the high side of estimates, certainly more than 50,000," they said. "The magnitude of this event has resulted in a lack of hotel rooms throughout the region, which tells us we're going to have a busy weekend. As far as SIU, the Saluki Stadium holds around 15,000 people, but games have been averaging around 5,000 per event over the past few years. We were told this week that the stadium is nearly full, so this may be the largest crowd that has been hosted at that venue."
Last-minute reminders
If you are planning on traveling into the path of totality today, give yourself lots of time to get to your destination. Roads leading into the path are expected to experience heavy traffic. It's a good idea to bring basic supplies, such as water and food, and fill up your gas tank ahead of time.
If this is your first time viewing an eclipse, don't worry about photographing totality — just enjoy this spectacular sight.
Check out these eclipse apps to find out when and where to see the eclipse in your area, plus other news and information about the event.
If you can't make it into the path of totality, you can watch one of the many free livestreams of the eclipse.
Keep checking Space.com for live updates, news and images from the eclipse, and enjoy the awesomeness!
Follow Calla Cofield @callacofield. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook and Google+. Original article on Space.com.
Many of you have probably seen these machines, some of you probably use it on a regular basis at work or at home, and others have most likely at least heard about it. Keurig is one of these companies that make single-use pods for caffeinated (mostly) drinks. You stick the cup in the machine, you press a button, and out comes a cup of whatever it is that you were promised. Sounds good enough? I remember we had one of these almost 15 years ago at my workplace then, when these were still pretty novel. I never used it, of course, because back then the selection was almost entirely coffee. Nowadays they have everything you can name, and are much more common than before. The other big player in this market is Nespresso, of course, which is more common in Hong Kong but based on more or less the same idea.
This machine you see here was in our hotel room on a recent trip we made back to North America. Among the cups we got in the room were the above two – a Tazo Awake tea (basically an English breakfast blend) and a Celestial Seasonings Antioxidant Green Tea. In the name of science, I had to try them.
Brewing the tea was of course pretty simple – you stick the cups in, you put water in, you press the button. Then out comes the tea. The first thing you might notice from this picture is that the green tea is really, really cloudy, while the black tea was ok, for the most part. If you were there, you'll also note that the green tea is almost entirely devoid of any aroma – you can barely smell anything putting your nose up against the cup. The black tea was a little better, with a smell that is recognizable as an English breakfast blend of sorts.
The taste pretty much confirms what you can already guess – the green tea, if we can even call it that, was awful. The closest thing I've tasted that is like this is a really stale, really old green tea. It's bitter, it's devoid of any meaningful flavour, and it's just…. plain nasty. I don't discount the possibility that, in this small town hotel, the green tea has indeed been sitting around for a while. However, since they dropped off this pod at our request, that this could've been recycled multiple times also seems somewhat unlikely.
The black tea was drinkable – it's not great by any stretch of imagination, but it's drinkable. If in a pinch, I'd be ok with drinking this. If your alternative is a teabag from pretty much anywhere else, the teabag will win. The body of this cup is also quite thin, with a weak aroma and a weird aftertaste. It's not spit-it-out bad (the way the green tea is) but it's not exactly a winner.
I of course had no expectation of great tea coming in. You can pretty much guess this is tea of the nasty-grade variety. I was a bit surprised that the green tea is this bad – I expected something remotely drinkable, but instead got a flavourless bitter pill, basically. The leaves they use are of course teabag grade – you can see it's the usual materials you find in teabags. I think the infusion method, which uses a drip-coffee style mini-filter, just doesn't work for tea.
On the Keurig website, buyers have rated the Tazo k-cup a 5 star. The Celestial Seasonings green tea, on the other hand, is 3.5 star. As you know, a 3.5-star rating is pretty much crap in the online world. Glad to know the buyers are somewhat discerning. It's no wonder that they need to add the word “antioxidant” in there – the tea is not going to sell itself.
The thing that gets me about these things is cost. One k-cup will set you back about 90 cents USD per cup. In contrast, a teabag will be about 30 cents per cup if you buy one box, dropping to 20 cents if you are willing to buy in bulk (prices from Amazon). The green tea is a bit cheaper, but that thing shouldn't be drunk even if it's free. That means the k-cups are easily 3-4 times more expensive than the traditional teabag, yet it delivers a far inferior product. I would argue it's really not much more convenient than a teabag either – unlike coffee, which is a bit of a pain to make on a per-cup basis, tea is actually quite easy to handle. In other words, get some teabags and stop paying extra for a terrible cup of tea.
Golfing great Ben Hogan once described putting as "merely rolling the ball over the surface of the green by striking it with a gentle but firm blow" [source: Hogan]. Sounds easy, doesn't it? Of course, if it were easy, a lot more of us would be raking in big bucks on the PGA tour. It's cool to be able to step up to the tee and blast the ball down the fairway, but let's face it, putting is what separates truly great golfers from good ones. That's because putting is one of the trickiest skills of any sport -- a delicate mixture of muscle control and mental focus. When a skilled putter scrutinizes a 10-foot (3-meter) distance to the cup, pauses and then applies precisely the right amount of force to sink the shot, that triumph of mind over matter is a truly inspiring sight to behold.
In fact, you might call it downright poetic. Canadian poet and golfer T. Arnold Haultain rhapsodized in their 1912 treatise "The Mystery of Golf":
"One putter I remember whose putting was a delight to the eye. They seemed positively to infuse sight and intelligence into their ball. The way that simple sphere would start from their club, mount an incline, negotiate a curve, look for the hole, and endowed with some curious spin, drop unhesitatingly in without dreaming for a moment of rimming it or running over it or stopping short of it, was a sight to make one wise" [source: Haultain].
We can't promise we'll make your putting the object of such flowery praise, or that we'll make you into the next Ben Crenshaw or Jack Nicklaus. But here are 10 tips from various golf experts on how to improve your skills.
UPDATE to a story only DoingItLocal was on the scene for:
UPDATE: Police say Michael Southmayd, 56, may face charges of unlawful discharge of a firearm. The gun was holstered and police said they had no alcohol to drink.
8:33pm–#Fairfield CT– A man accidentally shot themselves in the buttocks while dining at Tazza Osteria and Bar at 116 Post Road. Police said the man reached for their wallet when weapon that was in waistband at their back accidentally fired off a round from the firearm. The man was registered to carry but now warrants are pending for the unlawful discharge of a firearm. The 65 year old man was not seriously injured and was walking around in the parking lot when police arrived. No word if they said Tazza after their feat.
Police union leaders in New York City called for a boycott of all Dunkin' Donuts after a worker at a Dunkin' Donuts/Baskin-Robbins in the city refused service to two NYPD detectives last Friday, The New York Post reported.
According to The Post, a Brooklyn Dunkin' Donuts clerk told two NYPD officers, “I don't serve cops.”
President of the Detectives Endowment Association Michael Palladino, who is leading a boycott, said it was discrimination against law enforcement and was “disgraceful and it should not go unattended.”
Palladino went on to say, “I assume it is an isolated incident. Nevertheless, Dunkin' Donuts corporate should issue an apology to the NYPD and until that happens, I have asked detectives and their families to refrain from patronizing the stores.”
Palladino also took a swipe at New York Mayor Bill de Blasio, who tends to find themselves at odds with rank and file cops.
“Political leaders in this city have encouraged this type of behavior by constantly demonizing cops and pushing their decriminalization agenda,” they said.
“It's time for the same politicians to step up, take some responsibility and condemn what occurred.”
The workers at the Brooklyn Dunkin' Donuts argue that the detectives were standing at the wrong counter, and it was a busy time of the day.
Follow Kerry on Twitter
Government excludes town hall newspapers from press regulations
Council-run newspapers such as Tower Hamlets' East End Life will not be subjected to government regulations governing conduct, it has emerged.
Share Email this article to a friend To send a link to this page you must be logged in.
Guidelines released by the Department for Culture, Media and Sport show town hall publications will not be captured by the government's Royal Charter designed to regulate newspapers' conduct – while their independent equivalents are.
The move has been branded “extraordinary” by Newspaper Society chairperson Adrian Jeakings.
A statement issued by the Society added: “Exempting competing council papers from the proposed scheme flies in the face of Lord Justice Leveson's stated recommendation that it ‘should not provide an added burden to the regional and local press.'
“It is surely wrong in principle and unworkable in practice for a local paper to be put at a disadvantage to a council paper covering the same news in the same area.”
Malcolm Starbrook, editor of the East London Advertiser and Newham Recorder, added: “This is another example of double-standards being applied to regulating newspapers.
“To leave council newspapers outside the system means the government is imposing unknown costs on newspapers, but leaving outside it publications that serve no other purpose than publicising an authority or a mayor”, they said.
But government ministers justified the plan by reaffirming their intention to outlaw local authority newspapers.
Tower Hamlets Council was recently singled out for criticism by communities secretary Eric Pickles over its continued publication of East End Life, which they insist contravenes earlier guidelines issued.
A spokesperson for the council said: “As a local authority, being exempt from this system is unlikely to have an impact on the way we communicate with residents.”
In adults, mindfulness has been shown to have all kinds of amazing effects throughout the body: it can combat stress, protect your heart, shorten migraines and possibly even extend life. But a new trial published in the journal Developmental Psychology suggests that the effects are also powerful in kids as young as 9—so much so that improving mindfulness showed to improve everything from social skills to math scores.
Researchers wanted to test the effects of a program that promotes social and emotional learning—peppered with mindfulness and kindness exercises—called MindUP. Developed by Goldie Hawn's foundation, it's used in schools across the U.S., Canada and beyond.
The study authors put 99 4th and 5th grade public school students in British Columbia into one of two groups. One group received four months of the mindfulness program, and the other got four months of a standard “social responsibility” program already used in Canadian public schools.
In the mindfulness classrooms, the program incorporated sense-sharpening exercises like mindful smelling and mindful eating, along with cognitive mindfulness exercises like seeing an issue from another's point of view. Children did a three-minute meditation three times a day focusing on their breathing. They also acted on their lessons by practicing gratitude and doing kind things for others.
For the four months, researchers analyzed all kinds of in-depth measures, like behavioral assessments, cortisol levels, children's self-reports of their own wellbeing, reviews from their peers about sociability and the objective academic scores of math grades.
The results were dramatic. “I really did not anticipate that we would have so many positive findings across all the multiple levels we looked at,” says study co-author Kimberly A. Schonert-Reichl, a developmental psychologist at the University of British Columbia. “I was very surprised,” they say—especially considering that the intervention took place at the end of the year, notoriously the worst time for students' self-control.
Compared to the kids in the social responsibility program, children with the mindful intervention had 15% better math scores, showed 24% more social behaviors, were 24% less aggressive and perceived themselves as 20% more prosocial. They outperformed their peers in cognitive control, stress levels, emotional control, optimism, empathy, mindfulness and aggression.
The program also may have had an unintended effect—one the researchers didn't measure, but now want to. “Anecdotally, teachers tell us that the program helped them calm down more—by doing the program and integrating these mindful attention practices and being more aware and thinking more about others, that they actually become less stressed,” Schonert-Reichl says. “That has huge implications, and a further area of research is needed.”
More research is needed, but mindfulness interventions like these are promising. “Doing these kinds of programs in school does not take away from academics,” Schonert-Reichl says. “It adds to a growing research literature that's showing, actually, these kinds of programs and practices increase academic gains. By adding this on, you not only create more academically capable, successful students, but actually create more caring, less stressed, kind students.”
Read next: Energy Drinks May Drive Kids to Distraction
See the 10 Healthiest Cities to Live in America Colin Anderson—Blend Images/Corbis Getty Images Matt Hogan/www.mphoganphoto.com Jim Wilson—The New York Times/Redux Getty Images Celin Serbo—Aurora Photos/Corbis Misty Keasler—Redux for TIME Getty Images K.C. Cohen—Courtesy of Boston Children's Hospital Getty Images 1 of 10 Advertisement
Parents Newsletter Sign up to receive the smartest parenting tips, news and tools. View Sample Sign Up Now
Listen to the most important stories of the day.
Write to Mandy Oaklander at mandy.oaklander@time.com.
One of the things that fascinates me about Lucretius' De Rerum Natura is the strange history behind the work. We know very little about Lucretius' life. They lived sometime between 99BC – 55BC, but as to the details of their life things are shadowy. Saint Jerome claims that they went mad from a “love philter” and committed suicide in the middle of their life, yet this is most likely an ugly rumor made up by the church to say “if you study this philosophy you'll be driven mad and dominated by your passions!” Among the most interesting things about the history of De Rerum Natura, it appears that with the fall of the Roman empire and the rise of the Christian/Catholic church, there was a concerted efford to destroy all existing copies of the text. It appears that the church was highly successful as the text entirely disappear during the Middle Ages. Then, in the fifteenth century, one remaining copy was discovered, it was quickly copied into a variety of European languages, and, if Greenblatt is right, it had a decisive impact on art, the newly developing science, and the newly emerging political sensibility. What a history!
What is it, then, I wonder, that makes this such a dangerous book? There are the obvious things: Lucretius was among the first materialists and naturalists, arguing that all things are composed of matter and that there are only natural causes (as opposed to supernatural causes). There is the anti-teleologism of their philosophy. Where, in the Medieval Christian view, teleology rules the day, and works according to the premise that there is always something things ought to be, Lucretius's materialist naturalism only admits of “causes from behind”. The consequences of this are profound. Consider the difference between how the Medieval Christian mind thinks about a two-headed chicken and how a materialist naturalist thinks about a two-headed chicken. For the Medieval Christian a two-headed chicken is a monster because, by “nature”, there is something chickens ought to be and the occurence of a two-headed chicken is a violation of this divinely designed order of nature. By contrast, for the Lucretian, the two-headed chicken is merely the result of the causes that produced it and is therefore entirely natural. Within this framework, you cannot, to cite the Love & Rockets song, go against nature because when you do it's nature too.
read on!
There is no natural ought in a Lucretian universe. We see that a number of contemporary debates in popular politics revolve around whether or not one is committed to the existence of “natural oughts” or teleologies. The Christian conservative says “marriage is between a man and a woman”, “sex is for the sake of procreation”, “men have this role, women have that role.” Debates between evolution and creationism aren't just debates about whether or not the two creation myths in Genesis are literally true (literalists never seem to notice that there are two conflicting creation myths), but are about whether the world is teleological such that there exist divinely decreed oughts assigning places to men and women and defining “natural” sexual conduct, or whether, by contrast, nature is without teleology or purposiveness, such that rats having hot gay sex (rats are known to engage in such acts) is no less unnatural than the existence of hens that lay eggs.
In addition to the anti-teleological orientation of any genuine materialistic naturalism, there are also, of course, Lucretius' stunning and compelling demonstrations that the soul is a material thing and that it doesn't survive death in Book III of De Rerum Natura. These arguments, of course, undercut one of the central sources of the power of religion and superstition to produce attachments among people because if we cease to exist when we die, then there's very little reason to attend to the teachings of priests. And then, finally, there are Lucretius' virulent (and I think often unfair) critiques of religion.
However, as I reflect on what made this such a dangerous book, I wonder if this wasn't because it attacked the very heart of Christian political power or the premise upon which that social order was produced. Democracy and revolutionary politics were impossible within a Medieval Christian framework because of their teleological conception of the universe based on the idea of a “great chain of being”. For the Medieval mind, social roles, positions, and identities were not inventions or creations of humans and society, but were rather objective properties of human bodies, like your weight, decreed by God. Kings were divinely kings, women divinely had their place in the social order and their particular role, peasants were divinely allotted their place in the great chain of being. To attack the king was not just to attack the king, but to attack God's will as well. To strive to rise above your status as a peasant wasn't simply to challenge an unjust social order, but to attack God's order.
Within such a framework, democratic politics is impossible precisely because democracy is premised on the idea that we create social orders and therefore those orders are contingent or capable of being otherwise. Thus, as Peter Gay argues, the Enlightenment had to jump over Christianity and return to Greco-Roman antiquity to render the various revolutions (American, French, Haitian, Russian, etc.) conceptually possible.
When we read Lucretius distinguishing the difference between properties and states we encounter them challenging the very foundations of this divinely decreed social order. In Book I of De Rerum Natura, Lucretius writes,
A property is that which not at all can be disjoined and severed from a thing without a fatal dissolution: such, weight to the rocks, heat to the fire, and flow to the wide waters, touch to corporeal things, intangibility to the viewless void. But state of slavery, pauperhood, and wealth, freedom, and war, and concord, and all else which come and go whilst Nature stands the same, we're wont, and rightly, to call accidents.
A property is something that is intrinsic to the thing such that it really is in the thing. Within the framework of my onticology I quibble with this a bit because I hold that what is really in things is powers or dispositions, not qualities or properties (the latter of which I call “local manifestations”). The weight of a rock is not in the rock itself, but is a relational property that emerges in relation to where the rock exists. This weight or local manifestation is different on the planet earth and the moon due to the different masses of these planets. Moreover, this weight or local manifestation differs with the speed at which the rock moves. Most qualities or local manifestations are, I believe, relational in this way. They are not in the things themselves, but rather emerge in and through the relations the entity entertains with other entities.
Setting this aside, what is really interested in this passage is Lucretius's discussion of states. In effect, Lucretius observes that the social position of women, the proletariat, minorities, kings, the wealthy, is not a property of these entities, but a contingent state that can pass away or be changed. The Medieval Christian conceit was to conceive social positions and relations as intrinsic to the things themselves. Lucretius argues that social roles and positions are things that we create or invent. As such, they challenge the very foundations of any social order that claims that the way in which human bodies are negentropically distributed, ordered, and organized are natural properities of these bodies, rather than ways in which these bodies relate to one another.
As I argue in my article “Parts and Politics”, the role that a body occupies within a social system (a larger-scale object) is the result of the way in which this larger-scale object transforms other objects into elements within that assemblage. An element is a unit that cannot exist apart from the larger-scale object that constitutes it as an element. In short, the being of elements is purely relational such that they have no independent or autonomous existence apart from the larger-scale object that constitutes them as this sort of element. Thus, for example, there can be no professors apart from students or students apart from professors, there can be no wage-laborers apart from capitalist social systems, etc., etc., etc. “Wage-laborer”, “student”, and “professor” are all elements within a social system or larger-scale object or entity. However, just as my body can only produce cells out of something else, larger-scale objects such as a classroom require other entities out of which to constitute their elements. These other entities are what we can call parts. Larger-scale objects transform parts (or in Marx's language, “metabolize parts”) into elements.
The difference between parts and elements is crucial. For elements only have relational existence and cannot exist apart from the larger-scale object that metabolizes them, but parts are entities in their own right and can be detached from larger-scale objects. Becoming-elemental is always contingent and capable of being otherwise. In my view, this distinction between properties and states is the necessary condition for any revolutionary egalitarian politics for it is only where states are recognized as contingent, only where states are recognized as construction, that it becomes possible to conceive how things can be otherwise.
Advertisements
In case you needed one more indication that this isn't your grandfather's NBA, consider this: Going into Tuesday night, the man leading the NBA in blocked shots was a small forward.
Granted that small forward — Kevin Durant — is basically 7 feet tall with Go Go Gadget arms the length of a school bus. But he's officially a small forward nonetheless, a reality that perfectly suits the mutant Golden State defense, which could break the NBA record for blocks in a season.
With 8.68 blocks per night, the Warriors trail only the 1985-86 Washington Bullets (8.73) for the highest mark in league history, according to Basketball-Reference.com. But the club has taken the shot blocking to another level in the past week, since superstar Stephen Curry hurt their ankle, prompting Steve Kerr to play bigger, more versatile lineups. Golden State averaged 12.0 blocks per 48 minutes in its last three contests, which Curry missed, up from the 8.3 blocks per 48 minutes the team logged with the two-time MVP on the court during the season.
The reason this matters beyond fueling highlight reels and fantasy stats: The Warriors are incredible at weaponizing their blocks and turning them into points, a welcome trait given that they become mere mortals again on offense when they're playing without Curry, whose perimeter shooting can part defenses like the Red Sea.
In terms of length, Golden State rolls out an even more uniform, daunting lineup in Curry's absence — featuring a higher dosage of 6-foot-6 Andre Iguodala, 6-foot-7 Shaun Livingston or both — one that can switch assignments far more easily than when the 6-foot-3 superstar is on the court. Beyond that, the Warriors are better able to disrupt shots with these players on the court. Of the five Golden State games with the highest number of blocks, two — including a 15-rejection victory over Detroit — have come since Curry's injury.
This plays right into the Warriors' favorite strategy: to secure the ball, streak down the court in transition against a confused defense, and score — and then start the whole process over again. Watch Durant's sequence here, starting with a block on one end and finishing with a lob on the other.
A look at the numbers explains just how dominant Golden State is at this. The Warriors average a league-best 22 points per game on fast breaks; the next-closest team logs fewer than 16. According to Inpredictable, after grabbing a defensive rebound, the Dubs take, on average, 9.5 seconds to shoot — by far the NBA's quickest trigger — while posting the league's second-best efficiency on such shots.
Part of what sets the Warriors apart here is where they manage to block their opponents' shots. While the league's premier shot blockers have traditionally been 7-footers who make their living as rim protectors, Golden State is changing that perception with Durant and reigning defensive player of the year Draymond Green, both of whom can not only make stops at the basket with their length, but are also just as capable of tracking down jump-shooters 25 feet from the hoop.
The Warriors have blocked 41 jumpers from midrange and beyond the 3-point line, more than twice as many as the next closest defense, according to data from NBA Savant. (Green, who leads the NBA with 10 blocked midranges and 3-point jumpers, has rejected more such shots than six NBA teams so far.) Turning back shots that far down the court often gives Golden State a head start going the other way if a Warrior secures the ball, much like this explosive play from rookie forward Jordan Bell.
This ability is even more impressive considering that teams shoot a relatively low number of long jump shots against Golden State, giving the team fewer chances to make such blocks. Durant in particular can make the most of their opportunities using their long arms and range to recover quickly even when he's momentarily out of position. (It helps that Durant admitted to me a couple of years ago that he's much closer to 7 feet tall than their almost laughable 6-foot-9 listing would suggest.)
The stout nature of the Warriors' defense, which is among the best at forcing teams to use the last four seconds of the shot clock (where efficiency goes to die), prompts their opponents to use an array of misdirections to try to find an open shot. When the clock winds down, in particular, there's almost nothing a shooter can do to avoid getting blocked.
That may just be the reality of how good the Warriors are right now. Even without their maestro on offense, they're finding new ways to score by turning up the heat on the defensive side of the ball.
Check out our latest NBA predictions.
"My plan includes a pledge to restore manufacturing in the United States."
President Donald Trump promised to revive manufacturing on the campaign trail. One year in, the industry is on the same trajectory as when they took office.
"My plan includes a pledge to restore manufacturing in the United States," Trump said in a campaign rally in Detroit, Mich., on Oct. 31, 2016.
Bureau of Labor Statistics data shows that jobs have been on a slight uptick. Between November 2016 and November 2017, the number of manufacturing jobs rose by 189,000.
But the growth reflects a continuation of the trends former President Barack Obama's fiscal and monetary policies set in motion, experts told us.
Robert Scott, director of trade and manufacturing policy research at the left-leaning Economic Policy Institute, likened patterns in manufacturing industry to an aircraft carrier.
"It is very hard to move," Scott said. "Once you get it going it's hard to slow down and once it's stopped it's hard to get it moving again."
Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics
"Manufacturing has dropped by about 30 percent since the 2000s," said Susan Houseman, vice president and research director at the Upjohn Institute for Employment Research. "It's ticked back up in recent years but hasn't even come close to regaining employment levels before the recession. So you have to paint a picture of manufacturing that's very weak still."
Economists attributed the harsh drop since 2000 to several factors: decreased domestic demand, the automation of manufacturing processes and drops in exports relative to imports, also known as the trade deficit. The latter was a frequent target of Trump's stump speeches, but experts say he's done little to address it.
"The goods trade deficit has increased 7.3 percent this year relative to the same period in 2016, reflecting the complete failure of the Trump administration to take any significant action to reduce the growth of this deficit," Scott said.
The North American Free Trade Agreement -- which Trump promised to renegotiate -- is not nearly as problematic as the trade imbalance with more powerful countries like China, Japan and Germany, according to Scott.
Trump broke their promise to declare China a currency manipulator in April, although their new National Security Strategy declares "the United States will no longer turn a blind eye to violations, cheating or economic aggression."
That stance has yet to materialize in specific trade policies. And there has been no public updates on the investigations Trump directed into unfair steel trade practices or China's alleged intellectual property theft.
Soon after taking office, Trump created the Manufacturing Jobs Initiative, a council comprised of 24 chief executives, but they disbanded it with a tweet after several members resigned following Trump's response to Charlottesville in August.
The most concrete accomplishment in reinvigorating manufacturing, then, comes in the form of business optimism.
"I do not believe they have done a lot to change the position of U.S. manufacturing, but they have imbued a strong sense of optimism in the business sector that encourages investment," said Martin Baily, a senior fellow in economic studies at Brookings. "Lowering the corporate tax rate will bring foreign investment into the United States."
The National Association of Manufacturers reported record-high confidence levels in a survey that Trump tweeted.
Bradford DeLong, an economics professor at U.C. Berkeley, said new tax legislation may have the opposite effect. By incentivizing investment, DeLong argues, the tax bill funnels away money foreigners may have otherwise spent on domestically manufactured goods.
"It's not going to be as large a shock as was delivered to the manufacturing sector by the 1981 or the 2001 and 2003 cuts in taxes," DeLong said. "But it is very likely to be the big factor driving the change in the manufacturing employment share over the next two years. And it is likely to drive it down."
Trump has been taking small steps to improve U.S. standing in trade relations and has improved confidence in the manufacturing industry, but he's got a long way to go to reach the level of output enjoyed before 2000.
We rate their promise In the Works.
A 34-year-old grandmother surrendered to police to face charges including cruelty to children after their young grandson allegedly ingested crack cocaine while in their Georgia home.
Ebony Daniel, of Palmetto Ga., also faces charges of possession of cocaine and reckless conduct.
Daniel's boyfriend, 22-year-old Charlie Martin, was also arrested in connection with the incident, and they told WSB-TV that it was their crack cocaine the 13-month-old swallowed.
The toddler was treated at a local hospital and is expected to recover.
Their 17-year-old mother is considered a witness and has not been charged, the Atlanta Journal-Constitution reported.
The drug was apparently out on the coffee table when the baby swallowed it.
ajc.com
“The mother of the child is cooperating with us, and we spoke with other witnesses who stated cocaine was open and unprotected on the table,” Sgt. Lee Gragg of the Palmetto Police Department told WSB-TV.
vcavaliere@nydailynews.com
Sign up for BREAKING NEWS Emails privacy policy Thanks for subscribing!
Rick Santorum said Thursday that Nelson Mandela had fought against “some great injustice” — apartheid — just as Republicans are fighting against the great injustice of Obamacare.
“He was fighting against some great injustice, and I would make the argument that we have a great injustice going on right now in this country with an ever-increasing size of government that is taking over and controlling people's lives — and Obamacare is front and center in that,” Santorum said Thursday in an interview with Bill O'Reilly on Fox News.
O'Reilly had opened the conversation by saying that, though Mandela was a “communist,” they were still “a great man. What they did for their people was stunning,” continuing that they were still able to respect them despite their different political views. O'Reilly then asked Santorum why the Republican Party wasn't able to resolve its ideological differences with the same respect.
“Nelson Mandela stood up against a great injustice and was willing to pay a huge price for that, and that's the reason he's mourned today,” Santorum said. “But you're right, what they were advocating for wasn't necessarily the right answer.”
They then compared Mandela's decades-long struggle against apartheid with the Republican effort to stop Obamacare.
The full video is below.
h/t Mediate
Story highlights On October 1, 1982, Billy Joel's "52nd Street" was released commercially on CD
CDs wouldn't overtake cassettes in popularity until the late 1980s
CDs remain popular but are losing ground to MP3s and streaming music
Whether the audio quality of CDs is greater than vinyl remains a hotly debated topic
On October 1, 1982, the first commercial compact disc, Billy Joel's "52nd Street," was released in Japan. In the 30 years since, hundreds of billions of CDs have been sold, Joel has stopped recording pop music and the music industry has moved on to the next hot medium.
When the first CD player was released that same day, it was described as a "new digital record player, using laser beams" by United Press International. Spun out of the far less successful Philips' laser disc technology (remember those?), the CD was a result of Philips and Sony combining forces.
The compact disc was actually invented several years earlier. The first test CD was Richard Strauss's "Eine Alpensinfonie," and the first CD actually pressed at a factory was ABBA's "The Visitors," but that disc wasn't released commercially until later.
Mass adoption didn't happen immediately -- CDs wouldn't overtake cassette tapes until the late 1980s. The first album to sell 1 million copies in the CD format and outsell its vinyl version was Dire Straits' "Brothers in Arms," released in 1985.
As with most new technologies, one reason for the slow spread of CDs was their steep price tags. The Sony CDP-101 player sold for the equivalent of $730 when it first hit Japanese shelves in 1982. Accounting for inflation, that's about $1,750 today. The audio CDs themselves were $15, which is $35 in 2012 dollars.
Because getting a new player and replacing an entire music collection was costly, audio manufacturers were savvy enough to market the first CD players to classical music fans, who were more likely to care about sound quality and have extra disposable income.
When they arrived, CDs were hailed for their pristine sound. But whether the audio quality of CDs is greater than vinyl remains a hotly debated topic among hi-fi enthusiasts.
Bill Joel's "52nd Street" came out on vinyl in 1978 and became a pioneering CD four years later.
"For most people who weren't audiophiles, the switch to CDs was a revolution. It took away all the audio noise," said Mark Katz, a music professor at the University of North Carolina and author of "Capturing Sound: How Technology Has Changed Music."
Some will still argue that records sound better than CDs, but that is only plausible when people take meticulous care of their albums, listening to them in scratchless, snap-crackle-and-pop-free condition. Most people don't consume music in a vacuum. Even today, the average music fan will listen to tunes on cheap earbuds in an environment filled with background noise, and is likely unable to be able to tell the difference between a CD and an MP3, says Katz.
The compact disc changed technology, and went on to be used for data and video storage, evolving into re-writeable media and Blu-Ray DVDs.
The shiny little platter also changed how people interacted with their music.
"Changing formats usually has greater impact on the way people listen, consume and disseminate the music, but it also does have an impact on the creative side," said Katz.
The first compact discs could hold up to 74 minutes of music (the rumor was that the length of Beethoven's Ninth Symphony established that standard) or at least several songs more than a vinyl LP. This longer length allowed composers to write longer works without worrying about side breaks -- where listeners would have to flip over a record or cassette.
Convenience was another huge change. The discs were small, just 4.5 inches in diameter, and could be carted around far more easily than records. Listening to music on a CD was easier -- there was no standing up to flip over the record or tape, less time spent searching for the song you wanted to hear right then. Some CD players even allowed you to program what songs played or didn't, and in what order.
Three decades later, it may be surprising to some that CD sales, and Billy Joel's career, are still alive. Though their market share is plummeting, CDs still account for the majority of album sales in the U.S. In the first half of 2012, 61% of all albums sold were CDs, according to the Nielsen Company and Billboard.
Even so, CDs are gradually being overtaken by digital files. At first, MP3s were burned from CDs onto computers, traded on peer-to-peer networks such as Napster and the Internet's back alleys. Then Apple released the iPod, and its iTunes store turned digital music files into a legitimate business. Now popular services like Spotify and Pandora let users stream music from anywhere, and Amazon and Apple are encouraging people to store their digital libraries in the cloud.
Like CDs before them, this new format is changing both the creation and consumption of music. Musicians no longer have to wait until an album is finished to release tracks -- they can sell them one at a time. Length of a song isn't an issue, just file size. Listeners have more flexibility than ever, with unlimited mix-and-match options. And increasingly, they're opting to download single songs over albums.
And in an age when computer users can conjure almost any song they want with a few taps or mouse clicks, music stores themselves are disappearing.
Katz doesn't think CDs and physical music storage will ever vanish altogether. People like tangible things, and form meaningful relationships with objects they can hold and look at -- more so than strings of ones and zeros. That explains why vinyl sales are up, often among young hipster types who weren't even alive when vinyl was the dominant medium.
"There is the basic human fact of connection with physical objects, that won't change," said Katz.
Compact discs are unlikely to evoke the nostalgia many people feel for vinyl records, with their spiraling black groove and sometimes trippy cover art. And to people born in this century, they're already becoming a retro curiosity.
But a generation of music fans grew up on them -- Nirvana, Public Enemy, Billy Joel and all.
I used to plan my travelling carefully and well ahead because I liked to be in control of as many parts of as many things as possible.
I needed to know where I would sleep at night in an unknown place whether it was a bustling city or a well-hidden river land. A friend of mine once told me something like this: You are a small-looking girl, an easy target. Look where you are going when it's dark. I never forget the advice. So I like to make sure that I am on the safe side of my travel.
I also liked to know the must-see attractions in a certain historic town or a France-influenced but British-owned island. The old I would map out the walk from the station or my hostel to such attractions. I could only rest assured if I knew how many left turns to take.
The truth is that I got lost (many times) regardless. No matter how carefully I planned, unexpected twist of fate seemed to find me around some dull-looking street corner.
Once I took a 10 days trip on my own from North to South of the UK, from the mainland to an island then back to the mainland. I was on buses, flights, trains, and ferries. All transportation was booked in advance. All tickets and hostel reservations were printed and numbered in date order. Maps were also printed with highlighted routes. I had a smartphone then, but I liked the traditional way. Battery might go flat, but ink stays for a long time. Regardless of my well-thought-through plan and half a forest that I've destroyed with all the printed paper, I stumbled. Somehow I managed to book the right bus back on a wrong date. The uptight driver didn't let me on the only bus that would take me back before nightfall.
I had to spend my last pennies to pay for a different train and took a longer route through a beautiful city called Bath. It was only one extra night, but it got me realise the beauty of go-with-the-flow. I always wanted to see Bath but hadn't got around to go, till that day. So there was I watching the city of Bath turning in for the evening and its reflection on the river under the magical moon light. It was a full moon night. I caught myself thinking of the one man who had left the previous moon.
Two months later, I bought a one-way ticket to a faraway foreign land to start the travel of my life with him. For once, I had no plan. I didn't even have an onward journey ticket, consequently almost failed to get myself on that first flight. I did make it there after two more flights and 24 hours of very little sleep. The important thing was that they made it there as well.
Sometimes when you walk with your eyes close and your heart wide open, you can find the best gift of life. Undoubtedly, there are bumps on the road. But it's often on bumpy roads the most interesting stories of your life start. I know I have one written in the Penang island.
I am going on our next adventure in a few days. Instead of taking the map out, I am writing this to remind me of being spontaneous and enjoy surprising gifts that life brings.
Happy Travelling, fellows!
Advertisements
-- (Photo11: warrengoldswain, Getty Images)
Them kids saw it first: A woman, pants around ankles, defecating before the Budde family's Colorado Springs home.
Then it happened again. And again. And again. And again. And again. Each week brings a fresh pile of excrement to the sidewalk in front of Cathy Budde's home, they told local station KKTV — at least seven so far.
Budde calls them "The Mad Pooper." Police remain baffled. The family feels helpless to stop them
"I came outside, and I was like ... 'Are you serious?'" Budde said of the time they caught the woman, a jogger, in the act. "'Are you really taking a poop right here in front of my kids?' She's like, 'Yeah, sorry!'"
Then the woman jogged away. They leaf only confusion, and also the paper towels that they wipe with.
Even in a world wrought with senseless violence, the Mad Pooper's antics astonish. There's a portable toilet at nearby John Venezia Community Park. A gas station not far from that.
So then why? Why the Budde family? And why now?
These questions haunt Colorado Springs residents, and the officers sworn to protect them.
"For someone to repeatedly do such a thing ... it's uncharted territory for me," Sgt. Johnathan Sharketti of the Colorado Springs Police Department told KKTV.
What's worse: The crimes may have no pattern.
The Mad Pooper left their calling card at a Walgreens and backyards in the area, according to Deadspin, which confirmed the story with local police.
The woman could face charges of indecent exposure and public defecation for indecently exposing themselves and publicly defecating, police told KKTV.
Follow Josh Hafner on Twitter: @joshhafner
More: Weight loss may come down to what's in your poop, study finds
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2ycfvKP
7 26-year-Old Man Spends Holiday Gaming to Death, Teachers Sympathize
In 2007, a 26-year-old man, surnamed Zhang, from Northeast China, died of heart failure after a week-long marathon of online gaming during a national holiday. Which really, whenever there actually is a national holiday anywhere in the world, before we make our "outside" plans, we, as a society, make our gaming plans. This guy planned their weekend right. They just aren't really "in the right shape" to do it. Yes, you do need to be "in shape" to marathon game like this. And by "in shape" I mean "have the basic tools to stay alive."
The binge itself could hardly be blamed for the gamer's death, however, as Zhang had evidently led a full-fledged MMO lifestyle that parodies the "Make Love, Not Warcraft" South Park episode. Weighing over 330 pounds, the Internet addict apparently devoted most of their effort to power-leveling instead of, you know, blood-circulation-friendly activities (going outside, playing a Wii game–c'mon, this was recent enough that they could have done that– or, I don't know, talking to women).
While not advocating Zhang's decision-making abilities, a local female middle school teacher did sympathize with their plight, saying, "There are only two options: TV or computer. What else can I do in the holiday as all markets, KTV and cafeterias are shut down?"
Because clearly, if the cafeteria is closed, kids have no choice but to game themselves to death (???). I knew China was usurping America's role in the global economy, but they're taking our laziness, too? God help us all.
If Comedy Central's Larry Wilmore bombed at the White House Correspondents Association Annual Dinner then it's because they targeted the media for their jokes, barely touching on Obama's near eight-year presidency.
Wilmore avoided any serious pokes at the President, instead saying they voted for them because they were black. “As long as they keep being black, I'm good.” And finishing up with, “I'm going to keep it 100. Yo Barry, you did it my n—a.”
While last year's comedian SNL's Cecily Strong went for President Obama's jugular with non-stop one liner such as this one:
“You know, even us at SNL got criticized for making fun of ISIS. Now I think that's unfair. I mean, if anyone is guilty of taking ISIS too lightly, it's him. You know.”
Wilmore seemed to be in search of a Presidential Medal of Honor, throwing their harshest punches at TV Networks and the print media.
The late night comedian drew some of the deepest groans and a few hisses from the crowd of political reporters with this line about print media, “that industry's been dead for a while.”
Wilmore took particularly harsh jabs at CNN's Wolf Blitzer, “How is they still on television?”
“Hey Wolf, I'm willing to predict a winner. Anyone who isn't watching ‘The Situation Room.”
Wilmore described anchor Don Lemon as an “alleged journalist,” to which the news anchor flipped the bird in response.
In reality, the two had been hanging out together Friday night at a party held by UTA which represents them both.
CNN boss Jeff Zucker wasn't around. They just had knee surgery skipping the weekends festivities.
“I haven't watched CNN in a long time. I used to watch it when it was a news network,” joked Wilmore.
“The Nightly Show” host also got in a jab at Fox News viewers, “They have no idea what shade means.”
One NBCer confessed that at one point they were anxious that their network would get left out of the monologue.
Oh no. Wilmore took aim at “Morning Joe,” saying the show is “so far up Donald Trump's ass, it bumped into Chris Christie.” That one got a few whistles and claps from the crowd.
To be fair, doing stand-up comedy and following the President is no easy task, and Wilmore said in interviews that they were “nervous and excited.” Still, the endless jokes about an internet meme suggesting Republican hopeful Ted Cruz is the mysterious Zodiac Killer went on too long and seemed not to connect with most of the audience.
Will and Jada Smith were at a table, just in front of Hillary Clinton aide Huma Abedin, who was stone-faced at every Clinton jibe.
“Hillary Clinton was flustered when a “Black Lives Matter,” protester challenged them Man, whoa, I haven't seen a white lady being that upset about being blindsided by a black person since Kelly Ripa,” joked Wilmore.
Smith enjoyed a shout out about their upcoming movie, “Suicide Squad,” before Wilmore joked about a new Jeb Bush documentary, “Suicide Watch.” The joke fell flat, “Groans are good,” responded an unruffled Wilmore.
In the audience were two first-time attendees, Vice President Joe Biden and model Kendall Jenner, there to promote “Rock the Vote.”
Sitting at a CBS News table, Bernie Sanders had a good laugh at Wilmore's joke that they were surprised to see Sanders at the event. “He usually goes to the early bird dinner.”
But not so much, the line that Sanders is so old their first campaign slogan was “fire” from the caveman era.
Perhaps the hour was getting too late, or they needed a bathroom break, or they hated the jokes, but The Queen of Soul, Aretha Franklin, exited the Hilton ballroom just as Wilmore's routine was getting into full swing.
ARIANA Grande led the celebrity tributes following the London terror attack which killed seven and left at least 48 people injured.
The heinous attack – which happened in the London Bridge area of the capital on Saturday night – came less than 24 hours before Ariana's One Love Concert, which was organised to raise money for those affected by the Manchester bombing.
GETTY IMAGES 8 Ariana Grande has asked their fans to 'Pray For London' following the terror attack on Saturday night
Jaden Farrell-Mann / @dustyblu10 8 The horrific attack occurred less than 24 hours before their One Love concert in Manchester
On hearing the news, Ariana, who is currently in the UK preparing for the gig, told them followers: “Praying for London.”
And today, their manager Scooter Braun promised to 'honor those lost injured or affected' in both attacks at the concert.
They posted an Instagram statement which read: "After the events last night in London, and those in Manchester just two weeks ago, we feel a sense of responsibility to honor those lost, injured, and affected.
"We plan to honor them with courage, bravery, and defiance in the face of fear. Today's One Love Manchester benefit concert will not only continue, but will do so with greater purpose. We must not be afraid, and in tribute to all those affected here and around the world, we will bring our voices together and sing loudly."
8 Scooter Braun promised to 'honor those lost, injured, and affected' at Manchester concert
8 The event was organised by the star to raise money for those affected by the Manchester Bombing - some who they visited in hospital on Friday
As news of the incident started to spread, many more messages of love and support were sent to those affected the sickening attack.
Katie Price, who cancelled their debut performance of their new single as a mark of respect, told their followers: “Sending my thoughts and prays for London tonight stay safe.”
Rex Features 8 Katie Price cancelled a gig in London as a mark of respect after hearing of the attack
8 Catherine Tyldesley - who paid their respects to the victims of the Manchester attack - also expressed their horror at hearing the news
Soap stars, including Catherine Tyldesley, who had been at the British Soap Awards in Manchester on the evening, also sent their respects.
They wrote online: “Praying for everyone at #LondonBridge ... my heart can't take much more. #love #peace #staysafe.”
Our world is so dark and scary at the moment. Please say your prayers!! Try to be kind and loving! Love will always win! #PrayForLondon — Khloé (@khloekardashian) June 4, 2017
thoughts are with the people of London today after yet another horrific attack . — Niall Horan (@NiallOfficial) June 4, 2017
Thoughts are with innocent victims caught up in London Bridge incident. Please try to stay safe people. — Simon Cowell (@SimonCowell) June 4, 2017
I'm sorry to everyone in London ❤️ the world is so scary #PrayForLondon — BITCHIMBELLATHORNE (@bellathorne) June 4, 2017
Heartbroken. Our beautiful world is being destroyed & it makes me so sad. London is an amazing,… https://t.co/gf3Up0sZBA — Jessica Wright (@MissJessWright_) June 4, 2017
So heartbreaking what's happening. ♥ my heart is with everyone involved in the London Bridge Attack. 😢 what's this world coming too — Marnie (@marnie) June 4, 2017
London 💔 my thoughts are with every1 & to all the ambulance,police officer and fire brigades last night. It's just so sad what this is coming to. — Megan McKenna (@Megan_Mckenna_) June 4, 2017
Heart is with the families of those attacked in SE1 last night, spent most of my adult life on that special market. Amazing police response — Matt Berry (@porksmith) June 4, 2017
Woke up heartbroken & angry this morning! My love and thoughts go out to everyone affected last night in London 😔💔 — Olly Murs (@ollyofficial) June 4, 2017
Many more logged on to their social media accounts to spread messages of support and love.
Cara Delevingne sent a tweet to their 8.7 million followers, while will.i.am - who is also performing at the One Love Concert today - made sure their followers knew they were thinking about what had happened.
PA:Press Association 8 will.i.am also sent a strong message to London
MOST READ IN TV & SHOWBIZ Exclusive SHAYK'S ANGER Bradley Cooper's lover Irina Shayk in feud with Lady Gaga after steamy duet BRAD BLOOD Bradley Cooper and girlfriend look glum as ex mocks steamy Oscars duet with Gaga SLAY ANOTHER DAY Buffy The Vampire Slayer cast reunite 16 years after the show ended HEART-LESS Capital, Heart and Smooth cancel local radio shows in huge national shake-up Exclusive EMER-GC Gemma Collins 'distraught' as mum rushed to hospital with pneumonia after Arg split Exclusive GRIM FOR KYM Kym Marsh's Michelle will split from boyfriend & lose baby before Corrie exit
❤️🇬🇧❤️ My heart is with you London. Please can everyone stay safe. This is beyond tragic but we… https://t.co/Mi8hPeE9tj — Cara Delevingne (@Caradelevingne) June 4, 2017
Praying for anyone affected at London Bridge ❤️ — Rylan Clark-Neal (@Rylan) June 3, 2017
Just Watching the news at the Airport. Praying for everyone at #LondonBridge 😪 #sadworld 🙏🏼 — Stacey Solomon (@StaceySolomon) June 3, 2017
I'm heartbroken #LondonBrige this just isn't okay!! This can't become our 'normal'. We are stronger than this, love must beat hate 🙏🏾 — Rochelle Humes (@RochelleHumes) June 4, 2017
I just feel sad for our world. For our country. Just makes me feel sad. Life is way too short &there are horrific people making it shorter. — Olivia Bowen Buckland (@OliviaDBuck) June 4, 2017
British cops shot/killed the terrorists 8 minutes after first report. Amazing response speed that saved countless lives. #londonattack — Piers Morgan (@piersmorgan) June 4, 2017
Former Geordie Shore star Charlotte Crosby revealed they were staying in London and could hear the sirens from the attack.
Them boyfriend Stephen Bear also tweeted to their followers and told them “Pray for London”.
Flynet Pictures 8 While Charlotte Crosby and Stephen Bear told of their upset after hearing of the attacks in the capital
Hearing loads of police and ambulances 😬😬😬 3 attacks so far in London tonight . hope no one has been seriously hurt #prayforlondon 🐾 — Bear (@stephen_bear) June 3, 2017
In London right now praying for every1 ❤️ can here the police cars and ambulances 😩 — Charlotte Crosby (@Charlottegshore) June 3, 2017
Stay safe tonight London 🇬🇧. Thinking of you Gx — Gordon Ramsay (@GordonRamsay) June 3, 2017
Police asking public not to share images or retweet regarding #LondonBridge they must have their reasons so let's comply — Nick Knowles (@MrNickKnowles) June 3, 2017
Heart goes out to all the victims and their families tonight #prayers #LondonStrong — Nadiya Jamir Hussain (@BegumNadiya) June 4, 2017
Look out for each other #London ❤️ — Danny Jones (@itsDannyJones) June 4, 2017
Can't believe this! So so sad! Praying for #LondonBridge so upsetting!! 😫💔 — Stephanie Davis (@Stephdavis77) June 3, 2017
I was born in London nearly 37 years ago and I cannot believe what is happening.so sad and breaks my heart.I love you London #boroughmarket pic.twitter.com/AVwIBAvUR5 — STEVI RITCHIE (@THESTEVIRITCHIE) June 4, 2017
Assistant Commissioner of Met Police Mark Rowley confirmed that all three of the depraved attackers were shot and killed within eight minutes of the first call to emergency services.
A picture taken outside the Wheatsheaf pub in Borough Market shows the three terrorists lying dead – after being gunned down by cops.
Four explosions – confirmed by police as controlled blasts – were heard outside The Sun offices near London Bridge between 1:23am and 1:49am.
Got a story? email digishowbiz@the-sun.co.uk or call us direct on 02077824220
Cellphones may be the least of your privacy concerns
Consider your home in five years: Before you're out of bed in the morning, the drapes open themselves, the shower turns the water to the perfect temperature, and the toaster toasts your bagel just the way you like. Motion detectors know when you've left for work and switch on your home security system as a robot vacuum begins cleaning your floors. At the office, you realize you forgot to start the clothes dryer; a simple voice command to your smartphone means the laundry's ready when you get home. As you head up the driveway at night, sensors in your smart car alert the garage door to open and the lights in your home to turn on while the TV tunes itself to your favorite program.
Welcome to the Internet of Things. It may be about to change our lives as radically as the Internet itself did 20 years ago.
“Some analysts think this is the future—it's huge, as big as the Internet and World Wide Web,” says David O'Brien, a senior researcher at the Berkman Center for Internet & Society at HLS. “It's hard to separate the hype from reality, but signs suggest we're at the early stages of a tectonic shift.”
The Internet of Things, or IoT, relies on sensors embedded in a wide variety of devices and systems to make your life incredibly convenient while exchanging a stunning amount of very personal information about you via cloud computing.
Read More The Internet of Things “has the potential to drastically change surveillance, providing more access than ever in history,” according to a new report by the Berkman Center for Internet & Society at HLS.
This technology is already available in everything from home appliances to Fitbits and children's toys, and over the next 10 years, it is expected to become a multitrillion-dollar industry, according to a report released in February by the Berkman Center, “ Don't Panic: Making Progress on the ‘Going Dark' Debate.”
All that personal data—just waiting to be mined. The implications for privacy, national security, human rights, cyberespionage and the economy are staggering.
For corporations, the IoT is the golden goose of the very near future, with everyone from Amazon to Nike creating products with cloud-connected sensors—including cameras, microphones, fingerprint readers, gyroscopes, motion detectors, and infrareds—collecting streams of data about your movements, preferences, and habits.
For law enforcement, it's one reason we are entering a “Golden Age of Surveillance,” to use a term coined by Peter Swire and Kenesa Ahmad at the Center for Democracy & Technology in Washington, D.C. The IoT “has the potential to drastically change surveillance, providing more access than ever in history,” says the Berkman Center's report, the result of a highly unusual gathering of government intelligence officials, think tank experts and HLS faculty who met for a series of off-the-record conversations about cybersecurity over the previous year. Several leaders in the U.S. Senate and House, and key staffers from the White House, have reached out to Berkman about the report, which has also garnered praise from members of the international intelligence community, O'Brien notes.
Read More Human Rights and Encryption Credit: Webb Chappell Allison Kempf '17 and Clinical Instructor Vivek Krishnamurthy While the encryption debate is most often painted as a two-sided battle between law enforcement and technology companies, in truth there are many other stakeholders around the world that are deeply concerned about the widespread implications of regulating encryption in iPhones and other telecommunications devices. Read the full story.
Recently, the FBI and Apple waged a very public battle over the government's access to encrypted data in an iPhone connected to the terrorist attack in San Bernardino, California, last December, which ended in late March when the FBI, with help from an unnamed third party, cracked the encryption without Apple's help. But that has not ended the debate raging over the legal status of encryption in telecommunications and other digital devices. The government worries that its ability to protect the country from terrorism and other crimes is “going dark” as a result of widespread “end-to-end encryption” in smartphone operating systems and Internet services—where even the device manufacturers and service providers can't see customers' data—while civil libertarians and others say unlocking iPhones won't solve the problem and in fact will raise serious new dangers such as terrorists hacking into cellphones.
But at the very time the tussle between Apple and the FBI was grabbing international headlines during the winter, the Internet of Things was quietly stepping up to offer an overwhelming treasure trove of information about all of us. In other words, even as the technology gods close an encrypted window or two, they've been opening huge, Internet-connected doors.
“The good news and the bad news is that we aren't ‘going dark,'” says HLS Professor Jonathan Zittrain '95, faculty director of the Berkman Center and a co-convener of the group, along with Matt Olsen '88, former general counsel for the NSA, and Bruce Schneier, a cybersecurity expert and fellow at Berkman. “It's good news because law enforcement isn't as hamstrung as they may feel. If you look at the digital trails people are laying down, the clear trajectory is toward much more available to someone with a subpoena than ever before,” Zittrain says.
The “going dark” metaphor is the wrong one for several reasons, the group agrees. For one, aside from Apple, most tech companies, including Microsoft and Google, rely on access to unencrypted user data as their primary revenue streams, selling your information to advertisers. In addition, so-called “metadata” about your communications, such as location data from cellphones and header information in emails, is unencrypted and is a useful investigatory tool. Perhaps most importantly, the burgeoning Internet of Things offers a vast array of new opportunities for surveillance through cameras, microphones, GPS trackers and other sensors in your home, in your car, even on your wrist: Police could seek a warrant to track your whereabouts through your Fitbit, say, or watch and listen to you in your home via your baby monitor or Internet-connected TV.
Read More Police could seek a warrant to track a suspect's whereabouts through a Fitbit.
“There's a lot of opportunity to learn about a suspect in a way that didn't exist 20 or even just 10 years ago,” says Olsen, former director of the National Counterterrorism Center, who has been teaching a national security course at HLS this spring.
At the same time, the fact that the cyberworld is not “going dark” is also bad news, Zittrain believes, because the overwhelming amount of personal information floating in cyberspace raises “troubling questions about how exposed to eavesdropping the general public is poised to become,” and how vulnerable to a host of bad actors, including malicious hackers, cyberthieves, and terrorists.
“The thrust of the report is that as technology develops, government will have many more tools available to find the bad guys,” says HLS Professor Jack Goldsmith, a national security and terrorism expert who was part of the group. “But it's also true that the bad guys will have many more tools to evade the government.”
For now, they say, it's unclear who's going to come out ahead.
Apple v. the FBI
Of course, this rapidly expanding compendium of potential information via the IoT is “small solace to a prosecutor holding both a warrant and an iPhone with a password that can't be readily cracked,” as Zittrain puts it, which was precisely the case in the Apple-FBI showdown.
Apple itself couldn't access the data in end-to-end encrypted iPhones (most modern iPhones are encrypted, by default) and insisted it should not be forced to write a software program to assist in bypassing the passcode on the iPhone used by Syed Rizwan Farook when they and their wife killed 14 people in San Bernardino. Apple argued—with many Silicon Valley companies in strong support—that a court order to do so would set a disturbing precedent of “backdoor access” that would leave it vulnerable to a rash of similar requests, including from foreign governments, placing the privacy—and in the case of political dissidents, the personal safety—of all iPhone users in jeopardy.
“This is big stuff; this is dramatic stuff. I have never seen a company—a Fortune 500 company, let alone one of the five biggest companies on earth—take on the government this way,” including with a lengthy letter defending Apple's position by CEO Tim Cook posted on the company's website, says Vivek Krishnamurthy, a clinical instructor at Berkman's Cyberlaw Clinic. Stakeholders around the world have been watching with deep interest (see sidebar).
Even before the FBI cracked the code, counterterrorism expert Olsen and many others in law enforcement agreed it was essential for the FBI to access the data on that particular phone. “There's every reason to think that the cellphone Farook used could contain critical information and evidence,” they said, in an interview before the code was cracked. “There's still a lot we don't know about the attack. Was it directed by ISIS or some other terrorist group? Were the shooters part of a cell? Are there others planning additional attacks? There are lots of important questions the FBI is responsible for answering.”
The government had a strong position because the circumstances of the case were so compelling, and because it “did everything right” by obtaining a warrant and also trying to access the data without Apple's assistance before turning to the court to compel Apple's help, Olsen argued. Moreover, the request was narrowly tailored to one phone, they added, the property of Farook's employer, which had consented to disabling the security feature.
But Schneier argues that our national security is better protected by strong encryption despite the difficulties it presents to law enforcement. “If a back door exists, then anyone can exploit it,” Schneier wrote in a New York Times blog. “That means that if the FBI can eavesdrop on your conversations or get into your computers without your consent, so can cybercriminals. So can the Chinese. So can terrorists.”
“Encryption makes it harder for the government to do its job—that's indisputable,” says Jennifer Daskal '01, former senior counterterrorism counsel at Human Rights Watch who now teaches at American University Washington College of Law. “But is the increased ease of government access worth the security costs that would result from a government-mandated back door? I don't think it is.” The new Berkman report, they add, “points to a whole host of other potential ways for the government to access sought-after information. Some may be more costly or time-consuming for the government, but they are much preferable to the kind of insecurities—as well as costs to American businesses—that would result from mandatory back doors.”
Matt Perault '08 is head of global policy development at Facebook. While Facebook recognizes that law enforcement has an important role in fighting “legitimate threats to public safety,” the company “will fight aggressively against requirements for companies to weaken the security of their systems,” they say. “We can't make it easier for law enforcement to access encrypted communications without making it easier for cyber­criminals and foreign governments to do the same.”
Zittrain points out that a larger battle looms between companies like Apple and law enforcement organizations such as the FBI. “Apple is in a position to make a new generation of phones that even Apple can't crack,” they say. “At that point, the tension between law enforcement and industry will shift from a one-off demand for assistance through judicial action to the U.S. Congress, which might be asked to mandate how companies build their products and services.”
Ultimately, it is up to Congress to resolve the issue, Goldsmith says: “The balance must be struck by Congress because there will not be agreement on the costs and benefits, and in a democracy, that's for Congress to sort out.” While they predict that Congress ultimately will force tech companies to give government the tools it needs for criminal investigations, they don't see it happening any time soon, given the political paralysis in Washington, D.C.
Read More Without regulation, there's a risk the Internet of Things “will become the Wild West of the Internet.”
Meanwhile, the Internet of Things is raising “new and difficult questions about privacy over the long term,” according to Zittrain, yet is mushrooming with almost no legislative or regulatory oversight. We are, they say, “hurtling toward a world in which a truly staggering amount of data will be only a warrant or a subpoena away, and in many jurisdictions, even that gap need not be traversed.” The law—notoriously slow in responding to technological changes—may be facing one of its biggest challenges yet.
“While a number of federal agencies have flagged the IoT as being problematic for both privacy and security reasons,” says O'Brien, “little has happened,” which demonstrates not only a lack of coordination among various arms of the government but also uncertainty about competing policy interests between innovation and consumer protectionism. A strict regulatory regime could hamper this growing part of the economy, but on the other hand, without regulation, “there's a risk the IoT will become the Wild West of the Internet,” they say, adding, “Some might argue we're already headed in that direction.”
“It's a wake-up call that we really should be thinking about building in certain protections now for the Internet of Things,” says Zittrain, who wants academia, governments and industry to focus on developing an Internet of Things “Bill of Rights.”
“That's why this report and the deliberations behind it are genuinely only a beginning, and there's much more work to do before the future is upon us.”
This post really has nothing to do with music. I write these as they help me get my thoughts straight. Also it is a way for me to communicate with the world.
I have been looking a bit into MGTOW lately. That means Men Going Their Own Way. While it has suddenly exploded on YouTube, the development has been a long time coming as I read a scholarly book on how men were being failed about 10 years ago (sadly I don't remember the name of that one). More recently I read “Men On Strike” by Helen Smith, PhD.
SERENITY NOW!
I'll try very hard to pop the complexity of MGTOW into a few lines; I read it as men finding themselves trapped in a system that doesn't benefit them no matter how they try to claim all is good.
Matter of fact it seems a system that doesn't benefit anyone. Men are unhappy, women are unhappy.
Marriage was supposed to make life that bit better. Each partner gives a bit but overall the outcome should be greater happiness and the bonus of another generation to continue our species.
It is failing badly though as any dip into divorce and happiness stats will show. If you don't want to look at the stats (and who does) then simply note that rise of MGTOW and anti-feminism in popular culture. Happy people don't lob hand grenades.
Women took to the streets and burned everything from bras to their babies. Men have decided not to burn their jockstraps, they are simply walking away in an Ayn Rand, Objectivism sort of way, leaving women confused in an increasingly man-less landscape. Their empire of drying sand.
Fuck The Police
Over the last 50 years, the role of being a man has been increasingly demonized by militant Feminism. Men were cast as being the evil cops of the world. All summed up with the epithet: The Patriarchy; that catchword for everything Feminists felt was holding them back from getting everything they wanted. Anything that smelled like patriarchy had to be demolished. Men had to be reconstructed in the form demanded by feminism – the Mangina.
Now don't get me at all wrong. I and most MGTOW men are perfectly happy for women to have the vote, get paid for the work they do and be free to be equal members of our society.
See that is just it. MGTOW men want women to be equals. Which means that men are equal to women. Equal but different. But equal nonetheless. However, it isn't playing out that way at all. So far (as I expected to be honest) feminism has created an Animal Farm sort of situation with a great proportion of women playing the pig's “All animals are equal but some animals are more equal than others” card.
Women became the new evil police. The Matriarchy. Sadly like most megalomaniacs, they are an increasingly lonely lot.
Will I Ever Understand You
I think that many women who play this role do so without even realizing that they are not being equal, fair or even remotely nice about how they live their lives with regards to men. Feminism became more subtle, that seemingly cute but really vile “girl power” and “independent woman” thang of the 90's co-opted everyone into being a feminist, swapping the dungarees for burlesque-wear.
It didn't start there though as any look through history will show that women have always held the reigns of power far more than they want to let on. A woman has all the power over sex. If they don't want it they say no. Sure they can say a man raped them but even that in its way puts the woman in power as they are the object of desire. Besides, men don't want to rape a woman they want their company as an equal. If a man decides it is easier to have sex with another man, women will deride him. To quote Bart Simpson,”Can't win, don't try”.
Women raise the babies whilst the men are off hunting. The girls get cast as princesses and the boys are to blame for everything. Tell me you haven't seen that play out many times in shopping centers as the princess goads the bat-brother into trouble then plays the victim whilst Mum berates the boy into submission (and possibly a life of anger and violence against women).
MGTOW is men walking away from the manipulation of the marriage game that ensures that they cannot ever get paid for their input. They may get a bone every now and then but never treated as an equal. Oh and the babies may not even be theirs but the law will make them pay for them anyway!
I'm a jealous god and I want everything. And I love you with a knife
Many men want to worship women. I know I do and I hear other men say this. The slang is termed White Knighting. We were trained this way – to serve the princesses. That is a good thing but only so long as the princesses become good queens.
The Christian God wants us to love him. In return, they will love us. We should love them even when things go bad. they will love us even when we are bad. Does that sound familiar? marriage ceremony…
Reading up on just about any gods of old we soon find they have a habit of behaving poorly. This is a warning to us not to do the same. Women got power from the feminist movement. They added this to the power they already had (but pretended they didn't) and like bad gods, they demand everything but offer nothing of value in return.
Generals fall when their troops walk away. Men are walking away from the fight they cannot win.
MGTOW is not saying to hate women – although some of the language initially sounds this way but I put that down to sheer frustration as MGTOW men hate what has become of the women we want to worship and what is being done to us in return for our service.
And if there's war between the sexes Then there'll be no people left
Joe Jackson's “Real Men” from back in 1982 laid this exact situation out. Women are finding themselves dateless and confused as to why. They blame men for being too childish or some such thing that feminism tells them.
Yet at the same time, these tragically single women are insisting that if any man who presents isn't Brad Pitt (or whoever the top Alpha is these days) then they are inferior. Inferior men are to be shunned, derided and driven off. There is only one Brad Pitt. You can't all have him. Brad will marry Angelina – till one or both of them stop being alpha and then one will kill the other.
Sure it is great to get the best but the best is sometimes far more subtle than ‘Brad Pitt or nothing'. There are a wealth of other actors on the stage. John Cryer or Jonah Hill could be perfect for you if you gave them a chance.
Reality is that Beta, Omega and even Zeta males will often make far better long-term mates than the Alphas who are often one-trick-ponies with looming expiry dates. Find your equal and be theirs. If you live off their wages and attention then make sure you give them what they need in return – and no that is a not disinterested poke once a week whilst you think about Brad Pitt and talk about some horrid reality show where everyone is a bitch.
Message In A Bottle
If you are reading this and have a reaction. Great.
If you found this in a search to understand MGTOW, cool. Google is wonderful. Please read widely and dip into the videos from people like Feminism LOL, Sandman & MGTOW is Freedom. You may need to see a few and think on it for a while as it can be a bit of a shock. If you want to take the Red Pill then I congratulate you but remember there is no going back once you know that it is the matrix.
If it is that you want to post me a hand grenade. Please don't. I am merely discussing something that is happening. Frustratingly, happening to me. Maybe you too which is why you are angry.
In the very rare circumstance that you are here as a potential girlfriend then firstly I congratulate you on being probably the first woman to pay enough interest in me to read what I communicate and try to understand me. What do I want from you? Well an equal, someone who accepts that I am who I am and that I don't need changing, polishing or whatever term is acceptable these days. I'd like you to be delighted by the quirks that make up the oddity that is called Benedict. I prefer interesting people myself as they seem more real. I will probably continue to be a bit of a White Knight (in my own special way) but I will also demand that my Princess needs to be of the good sort and rises with me or I'm walking away.
Advertisements
YoGen: Efficient Human-Powered Cell and Laptop Chargers
Our culture is rapidly becoming a mobile one, with virtually every other person carrying a cell or smartphone, plus maybe a digital camera, an iPod, or a laptop in the backpack, all of which operate on battery power. So what do you do when you need more juice than your battery will hold? Find an outlet and hope you have your charger with you? Pretty soon, you'll be able to pull out your human-powered charger and continue with your phone call, take more pictures, or finish your email without having to find that plug or carry your adapter with you.
The YoGen charger, by Easy Energy, is a pocket-sized, hand-powered charger that operates by repeatedly pulling a cord (similar to a lawnmower starter) to offer enough electrical generation to power or charge a cell phone or other portable electronics. The YoGen is built with a high efficiency alternator that turns the kinetic motion from the spinning flywheel into electrical output for charging or operating small gadgets. It comes in two versions, one a straight generator, and the other with a 650 mAh 3.7V battery for backup.
httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXwGXnM72eg
Easy Energy also developed the YoGen Max, a foldable, treadle-type charger for laptops and other portables needing a 50-60 W power supply. The Max folds up to a book-sized package that will travel easily and provide power on the go. When your battery meter is low and you still need to work (or play), unfold the YoGen Max, plug in to your laptop, and press repeatedly on the spring-loaded pedal. The device is adjustable to the proper output for your machine, and an optional bank of rechargeable AA batteries can bridge any foot fatigue that may happen during extended usage.
httpv://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IYnnX-aAj5o
The latest product being developed by Easy Energy is the YoGen Bat: a rechargeable battery that works just like the YoGen, but is installed in the device instead of being an external charger. I think the YoGen Bat is going to be a big hit once it's fully developed, but I'm laughing to myself as I imagine all the cell users yanking the cord to charge their batteries, while trying to continue the conversation.
Right now, Easy Energy is only taking orders for the YoGen series from wholesalers and distributors, but if that's you, you can get more information from the company's site.
Related
Washington D.C. — WikiLeaks today released thousands of documents it claims are from the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA) that purportedly give information about software and tools used in hacking operations. The documents highlight the inherent risks involved in government hacking operations. Access Now condemns the stockpiling of vulnerabilities, calls for limits on government hacking and protections for human rights, and urges immediate reforms to the Vulnerabilities Equities Process.
“Hacking is one of the most invasive activities governments can engage in, yet it occurs in the dark, without public debate,” said Nathan White, Senior Legislative Manager at Access Now. “It's not just the CIA, but law enforcement agencies in the United States and around the world that conduct hacking operations with significant repercussions for human rights and digital security. This leak demonstrates the urgent need to have a serious discussion about government hacking and to implement a legal framework.”
According to Wikileaks, the documents detail vulnerabilities in common software and technologies including iPhones and the Android operating system. The documents are also purported to include exploitations for those vulnerabilities.
“Today, our digital security has been compromised because the CIA has been stockpiling vulnerabilities rather than working with companies to patch them. The United States is supposed to have a process that helps secure our digital devices and services — the ‘Vulnerabilities Equities Process.' Many of these vulnerabilities could have been responsibly disclosed and patched. This leak proves the inherent digital risk of stockpiling vulnerabilities rather than fixing them,” added White.
Access Now, an international NGO that focuses on the intersection of human rights and technology, recently issued a comprehensive report examining government hacking and recommended a presumptive ban on this activity unless protections and safeguards can be implemented. The full report is available here. An executive summary is available here.
“It's simply a fantasy to believe that only the ‘good guys' will be able to use these tools. It is critical for governments, law enforcement, technologists, and civil society to have an honest conversation about the impact of government hacking in the digital age,” added White.
Sequestration and the Civil Space Industry
by Staff Writers
Bethesda MD (SPX) Mar 06, 2013
On the one hand, the bad news is that sequestration has begun. On the other hand, the good news is that the overall funding cuts represent only a very small percentage of the federal budget. But, on another hand, NASA and other space-related agencies are not exempted from the cuts. On still another hand, Congress and The White House could stop the cuts at any time.
Amazingly, the space industry appears to have survived the so-called "fiscal cliff" at the end of 2012. The next big and scary fiscal event is already upon us and it is called "sequestration." Although most of us were not familiar with this term prior to 2011, it has been around for some time.
Technically, it is a legal term referring to the act of valuables being separated or taken into custody by an agent of the court and locked away for safekeeping.
The intent was to prevent property or valuables from being disposed of or being abused before a dispute over its ownership could be resolved. In this case, it is a term adapted by Congress to describe a new fiscal policy procedure originally provided for in the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings Deficit Reduction Act of 1985, i.e., an effort to reform Congressional procedures so as to assure "automatic" spending cutbacks take place.
Under a sequestration situation an amount of money equal to the difference between a spending cap set in a Budget Resolution and the amount actually appropriated is "sequestered" by the Treasury and not handed over to the agencies to which it was originally appropriated by Congress. In theory, every agency has the same percentage of its appropriation withheld in order to take back the excessive spending on an "across the board" basis.
However, Congress has exempted certain very large programs from the sequestration process, such as Social Security and certain parts of the defense budget. The number of exempted programs has increased over time, meaning that sequestration would have to take back gigantic shares of the budgets of the remaining programs in order to achieve the total required cutbacks.
The implication is that unexempted programs could be financially crippled. Thus, the prospect of sequestration has come to seem so catastrophic that Congress has not previously been willing to let it happen, that is, until this past week.
On the one hand, the bad news is that sequestration has begun. On the other hand, the good news is that the overall funding cuts represent only a very small percentage of the federal budget. But, on another hand, NASA and other space-related agencies are not exempted from the cuts. On still another hand, Congress and The White House could stop the cuts at any time.
Nevertheless, the prudent thing to do is to assume we are stuck with the coming cuts and plan accordingly. These cuts have been known for some time. NASA can expect an 8.2% cut across various budget accounts, totaling nearly $1.5 billion. Since the agency has not disclosed how it plans to implement those cuts, field centers and contractors do not yet know the impact.
The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) released a report in December entitled, "The Economic Impact of Sequestration on Civil Space Programs" that stated, "Sequestration budget cuts ... are the single greatest threat to our space programs' continued success." This report, referring to both NASA and NOAA, warns, "Such a deep and reckless cut to these agencies would senselessly jeopardize U.S.
space leadership and stifle exactly the kind of investment in innovation that our economy needs." In conclusion, the cuts to NASA alone will result in a $2.8 billion reduction in GNP and the loss of nearly 20,700 jobs. Texas will feel the biggest impact of any single state, with a loss in total output of more than $750 million and 5,600 jobs. California follows with nearly $700 million in lost output and nearly 4,600 jobs. Colorado, Maryland and Alabama round out the top five.
It is important to note that all job losses related to NASA spending cuts would be in the private sector, because NASA is prohibited under its current authorization act from laying off civil servants through fiscal year 2013.
Estimates indicate this could mean over 20,000 contractor jobs will be lost. Of course, the exact impacts depend on a number of actions, including NASA's decisions on implementation and the time delay until the impasse between Congress and The White House is resolved.
Disney Pixar BraveFinal scene black riding dressBased on Pixar artPhoto by Ekaterina Korolkova [link] WATCH VIDEO BRAVE: Stories Untold Episode#01 Meet your prince BRAVE: Stories Untold Episode#02 Fergus!!! eng subTHE COSTUMETHE WIGis made by myself. You might have recognized the curles, but it's an sbsolutely different wig: I made it from two wigs. It took a day to finish for a cosplay convention. I like the color extremely!THE DRESSis made by myself. I use my own patterns, the dress is made of wool, embroidery is handmade. I made the dress specially for the video.I like the black dress more than their casual one, it's more beautiful and...impressive so to say.THE BELTis also made by me. I used human-made leather and colored it myself. It was a little tiresome but I went all the way through and enjoyed it to some extend. I totally like the result.THE BOW AND ARROWSare made by my friend Michiru and me. They helped me with the wooden bow and stitching the feathers. I colored the bow and every its detail.
Last night, buzzing British DJ Jamie xx played an uninterrupted 90-minute set at Marathon Music Works. It was, hands down, one of the more aurally and visually enticing spectacles we've caught in Nashville all year.
It's usually at this point in the calendar year that most music pundits have registered their preliminary favorites for the album that they will crown as the best of the year once early December rolls around.
2015, a year as deep in “great” to “excellent” records as any in recent memory, provides a wealth of options worth rushing the pulpit for: Father John Misty's sophomore (not sophomoric) record I Love You, Honeybear, Sufjan Stevens' return to eloquently depressive folklore Carrie & Lowell, Kendrick Lamar's missive of Black self-worth To Pimp A Butterfly, Australian auteur Courtney Barnett's earth-scorching debut full-length Sometimes I Sit and Think…, and triumphant returns from the American punk goddesses in Sleater-Kinney and the Icelandic savant Bjork, among many others. There is, however, a widely acknowledged dark horse in these conversations – In Colour, the entrancing inaugural record from British wunderkind Jamie xx.
Known most of the world over at this point for their drum pad programming and production as a member of the (maybe a bit too) lionized indie pop outfit The xx, Jamie Smith has still managed to find the inspiration to take on a dual role as the mastermind behind an essential entry into the canon of electronic music and as the puppeteer of one of the most relentlessly moving live performances on the road today.
Jamie's performance, as relayed last night to a half-full Marathon Music Works (Nashville's most underachieving music venue), was one filled with equal parts unrestrained ecstasy and guarded disdain. The push and pull of modern live music is best described, in its simplest terms, as “songs the crowds knows and modestly enjoys” and “WHAT THE HELL IS THIS?” Smith, despite having wrangled a couple hundred paying folks – mostly of a younger demographic – exemplified this problem in an unintentional manner, interspersing obscure soul records from their massive vinyl collection as interludes between material from In Colour and previous solo efforts.
From my position towards the front of the stage, it seemed to me that this socially aloof Brit (whose stage setup was purposefully sans any sort of microphone) was trying to the very edge of their physical capability, to convince the audience of the legitimacy of their highly specialized artform, as opposed to simply making them move. However, their efforts to overcome the latter mentality seemed to not work quite as well. I found the decision to break up their well-known solo material with simply spinning tracks from their record collection to be inspired and respectful to the history of their profession, but as with most electronic music crowds, the lack of the craved tension release (the “drop”, if you will) seemed to put a damper on some stretches of Jamie's 90-minute set. Despite the reservations expressed by some audience members toward their decision to space out their In Colour tracks throughout set, I walked out of Jamie xx's show thinking that they might be one of the most innovative prodigies in modern music, a paragon of their particular genre but a pariah when the discussion devolves to talking about “real” music.
Though I found myself rapturously reeling from Smith's 90-minute DJ set, I quickly realized it would be hard to convince the majority in this theoretically music-rich city that what I witnessed was worth the consideration that I was affording it. There's just so much talent here, right? Emigrants from across the country, guitars bonded to their backs, pursuing the dream in desolate country bars populated by middle Americans. Hell, you can throw a rock in East Nashville right now, and you're bound to hit a former Angeleno that thinks their electropop band is the heir apparent to Passion Pit, or at least whoever is being played on Lightning 100 these days. The next Luke Bryan is somewhere bringing glasses to the bar and hoping for a halfway decent tip out at the end of the night.
Meanwhile, Jamie Smith the DJ, shattered this notion of the “real” music that supposedly gives Nashville its most famous nickname, instead mediating the experience of listening and feeling, simply by concentrating on what sounds good. They might not have said a word on stage, but their performance was a shout from the mountaintop.
Words and Photos by Kevin Brown
Dabo Swinney and the Clemson Tigers ended up just a bit short of the National Championship title last season. They were unable to knock off Nick Saban and the Alabama Crimson Tide. Clemson ended up falling to the Crimson Tide by a final score of 45-40 to end their season last year.
Looking ahead to the 2016 college football season, the Tigers are hoping to replicate their regular season success and take the next step in the playoffs.
Clemson certainly appears to be the favorite to win the ACC at this point in time. There are a couple of other teams that could make a push to upset the Tigers, although the likelihood of that happening seems very slim.
There are very few fan bases that bring the kind of noise and passion that Clemson fans bring to Memorial Stadium each home game. They are loud and proud, and that will be the case once again this season. Due to their success last season, the Tigers' fan base has high expectations for their team this year.
All of that being said, what five reasons support the statement that the Tigers will make the 2016 college football playoffs and win a National Championship?
[AP Photo/Rainier Ehrhardt] Deshaun Watson Is One of the Top Playmakers in the Nation
Obviously, everything will start with the play of star quarterback Deshaun Watson for Clemson this season.  They are widely viewed as one of the front-runners for the Heisman Trophy, as SBNation and Bovada showed. Watson is going to have a huge season in 2016 and will do everything in their power to bring a coveted championship home.
Dabo Swinney Is One of the Best Head Coaches in the Nation
Moving on to another obvious point, the Tigers have Dabo Swinney on their side. There are very few head coaches that have the ear of their players like Swinney has had throughout their career with the Tigers. They broke onto the scene last year in the spotlight and showed that they are one of the best coaches in the nation.
Clemson Has a Very Easy Road to Undefeated
Taking a quick look at Clemson's schedule, it is easy to see how they could very well go undefeated. They have just two games against teams that are ranked in the top-25 at this point in time. Clemson should have a very good shot at going undefeated and earning an easy bid into the playoffs.
[AP Photo/Rainier Ehrhardt] One of the Most Underrated Running Backs in College Football
Wayne Gallman has gotten themselves into the best shape of their life, as Campus Sports noted. They carried the football 283 times for 1,527 yards and 13 touchdowns last season for the Tigers. Gallman is one of the most underrated running backs in the nation and is going to have another huge season this year.
Above Average Defense
While the Clemson offense was the center of attention last season, their defense was extremely underrated. As Bleacher Report opined, the Tigers have one of the top defenses heading into the 2016 season. Clemson's defense is well above average and will be very difficult for opposing offenses to score on.
Expect to see Clemson break through with yet another huge season in 2016. They will make the college football playoffs and have a very good chance to take home a championship to their diehard fan base. Swinney and company have a lot of work to do, but they are ready to live up to the challenge and get the job done.
Do you think the Clemson Tigers will win the National Championship this season? Is Deshaun Watson the Heisman Trophy front-runner? Let us know your thoughts in the comment box below!
[AP Photo/Timothy D. Easley]
The US said on Wednesday that the UN decision to investigate all violations committed during the Israeli attack on the Gaza Strip is unfair and “one-sided”.
The United Nations Human Rights Council in Geneva passed a resolution on Wednesday calling for sending an independent international mission of inquiry to investigate all possible violations against international law during the Israeli attack on the Gaza Strip, to prepare a list of the abuses and crimes and to identify those responsible to stand trial.
The current Israeli war against the Gaza Strip has so far led to the killing of 725 Palestinians and the injuring of 4,519 more, the vast majority of them civilians, including many children.
Deputy spokesperson of the US State Department Marie Harf said at the daily press briefing in Washington that the UN decision is unfair “and one-sided. So we do strongly oppose today's special session at the Human Rights Council and the resulting resolution as the latest in a series of biased, anti-Israel actions at the Human Rights Council.”
Harf claimed that: “No one's looking here at Hamas rockets.” They affirmed to reporters that, “Look, we make clear – as we have said repeatedly, [the US] will stand up for Israel in the international community, even if it means standing alone, and I think you saw that today.”
To which one reporter responded with a follow-up question, asking: “But that doesn't tell you anything, though, that you're standing alone?” However, Harf declined to answer.
Yesterday, I read a very interesting article by Charlie Guo, a traveler and a digital nomad. The title of the article was I'm Not Living The Dream.
In my opinion, Charlie did an excellent job of outlining the problems that digital nomads face. People who live on the road and work while traveling face a unique set of challenges different from those that live relatively stationary lives. In the past, I've discussed the hard things about long term travel.
We tend to take the good with the bad. So, although we post beautiful things on Instagram, we still write about the horrible experiences that we've had. Like when Hertz treated us really badly, or when we stayed in a haunted AirBNB house, or even when we discovered a new type of spa treatment – Poo aromatherapy. We even have an entire section called Travel #FAIL! So this venue is definitely not about glorifying a travel lifestyle. We take lots of pride in telling it like it is!
Charlie starts their writeup by talking about how they feel tired of ‘perfection' (a beautiful beach, a stunning sunset, a towering mountain.. mean nothing anymore) and then moves on to talk about loneliness, and even mentions what I call decision fatigue.
I enjoyed the article, even though I do not agree with it. I found it insightful because living on the road for four years, Zara and I have faced the same problems time and time again. We've felt all the same emotions that they mention in their writeup. That brings me to why I do not agree with it.
We've learnt how to deal with those problems. There's an endless glut of people writing about how solo travel is amazing and inspiring and will be the best experience of your life. Solo travel, like anything else, can go both ways. I'm not going to say much on that. Couples travel also has its own set of problems. I'm writing this post because I want to share with you the solutions that we have found to make our travels satisfying and meaningful and although they may not apply to you, they might give you some ideas on getting creative with your own situation!
Long term travel is no panacea for underlying issues that people might or might not be having. If you're feeling lonely in your regular life, long term travel may or may not help. What living as a digital nomad gives you is the flexibility to structure your life, location, and even schedule (depending on your work) for maximum satisfaction. Like anything else, you can fail at finding this structure or you can succeed. We're still working on it, but are we happier than when we lived in Dubai? HELL YEAH!
I feel incredibly lucky. I thank my stars everyday for having a wonderful, inspiring, supportive travel partner. Yes, traveling as a couple comes with its own set of challenges, and we also feel lonely a lot of times, but at least we have each other. A beautiful sunset is so much more beautiful when you share it with someone else – and no, that does not mean sharing it with your Instagram followers. I find that a life of travel helps me be more mindful and I tend to live far more in the moment than I used to before.
In their entire article Charlie does not mention money as being a problem. This is the biggest issue that most people who live a life of travel often face. I don't mean to minimize any of the issues that Charlie has faced over the years, but I would love to suggest some of the solutions that we have found.
Amongst us, we've often talked about traveling with purpose. Traveling as a tourist without purpose can get old really fast. For us, our primary purpose will always be to share things with our readers. We love writing about our travels and sharing our experiences through photos, videos, etc. We also write about social issues and other things that we care about. I love sharing my visa experiences as an Indian traveler. The truth is that we enjoy our travels much more when we write about them and share our thoughts with you! However, we've often discussed personal development as part of our life on the road strategy. Along the way, we've learnt how to surf, learnt how to cook exotic dishes, more importantly, learnt how to EAT exotic dishes, and I personally have learnt quite a bit of Spanish. Si, es verdad!
We still want to do other things that a regular life would perhaps not afford us the opportunity to do. Learn Mandarin in Taiwan, learn how to make Sushi in Japan, learn to sail off the coast of Croatia, climb a volcano in Guatemala (this one's coming up soon!), dance salsa till the sun comes up in Cali, Colombia, and more!
When it comes to professional development, I've met lots of entrepreneurs and even started working on new projects while on the road. I've written more about those challenges here. My work and the challenges I face have changed a lot since then but it's still a good overview. Back in 2012-2013 there weren't as many digital nomads as today, it wasn't a ‘thing' back then. Now, you have a wealth of information out there on being a professional on the road.
That brings me to loneliness. This is definitely a tougher subject to crack. We've found that taking part in activities helps us meet people. However, that only covers a superficial interaction which probably will not result in lifelong friends. We've met a few amazing people on our travels and become really good friends but this is not something that comes with a guarantee and your mileage may vary.
However, we've found that with a life of travel, we've been able to spend a lot more time with close friends who live in different parts of the world, than we would have otherwise. In the 21st century people move around a lot. A lot of our close friends live in different countries and we've made it a point to go to their cities, live close to them, and catch up – REALLY catch up. We spend a few weeks hanging out with our close friends and get a taste of their lives and if we can do this forever, that would be such a beautiful existence! Fingers crossed! We've spent time in New York, Paris, Berlin, Lisbon, Delhi, Kolkata, and even Santiago de Chile in the past few years to catch up with our close friends and at the same time make new friends!
If we lived in one place with regular jobs, it would've been impossible for us to spend quality time with our friends abroad. In my opinion, for most people who have normal lives and schedules, the time to spend quality time with your friends (and even make close friends) is your early 20s. After that, if you live in the same city, you're in luck, otherwise you'll see each other only a few times if you're fortunate and put in the effort required. Our friends don't have the kind of flexibility that we've chosen for ourselves, but we love to go and visit them and spend time with them at any time of the year that works.
So the truth is that yes, I spend weeks without many close friends around me but the months in the year that I can spend with my close friends around the world are truly precious and a type of privilege that not a lot of people in the modern world get to enjoy. For this, I am truly grateful.
Not only that, but it's important to mention that both Zara and I spend way more time with our families in Portugal and India. When we lived in Dubai and had regular jobs we'd visit our parents for a few days a year. Now we have the flexibility to spend weeks or months with them! So we end up spending more time with our families than we did before too!
We've moved fairly fast through the past four years and we are now trying a different formula that lets us live in different places and avoid decision fatigue. Moving too fast causes a strain on the senses. You're always in a new environment having to choose a place to eat, a place to stay, a mode of transportation, and much more. There's a certain joy in walking into your neighbourhood coffee shop and immediately getting your ‘usual'. We want to experience that joy and luckily, we can move as fast or as slow as we like. This year, we are planning to travel slower, spend more time in each place and get to really feel the vibe and rhythm of life there before we move on.
On being numb to glorious sunsets and mountaintop views. Too much of anything can be boring. We've dealt with this by mixing it up all the time. Rather than spend all our time following the sun or living the tropical lifestyle, we like to experience different realities. Isn't that what traveling is all about anyway? When you're sick of beautiful tropical beaches and sunsets, experience a winter in New York and you'll be running back to the tropics in no time – by the way, this is exactly how we did it. Spend some time in arid places like Dubai or Jordan and you'll soon enjoy lush mountaintop views. Everything is awesome relative to something else. If you choose a life of travel, why choose just one type of thing?
The only real issue I took with Charlie's article were their Expectation Vs. Reality pictures. I found them disingenuous and unrelated to the problems they mention. Every touristic place has seasonal traffic. We found this even in the most touristic city in the world – Paris. With our flexible travel schedule, we like to visit places in the off or shoulder seasons. That way locals are less hassled, natural sites are more accessible and empty, and you have less obnoxious tourists all over the place. Oh and I almost forgot, everything's around half the price! We've also often noticed that in most touristic cities, the moment you stray from the tourist trail, you will find yourself in a different world.
In the end, life as a digital nomad is not perfect. It has its own set of challenges and loneliness is probably the number one issue. This can be much worse if you're in a place where you do not even speak the language. For me, as an Indian passport holder, visas can be quite a nightmare too! But every challenge has a possible solution and we're not giving up on this life before trying at least a few different solutions to our problems. No, everything is not perfect, but it's definitely worth it!
We're young, we're healthy, we're able to work digitally on the road and sustain ourselves. If we don't travel now, when are we going to do it? Not everyone has to choose this life, but it's something new and exciting. Working online while living in different parts of the world has only really been possible since the almost global reach of highspeed internet became a thing. The internet, remote work, credit cards, globalisation, affordable international air travel, international health insurance, English becoming a global language, and many other factors have come together to make this reality possible for the first time in human history. Of course it'll have some problems, but we feel privileged to be a part of this. If we manage to figure out even a tiny part of how to live internationally in the digital age, then we've somehow moved farther ahead than we were before. That's a pretty huge thing!
For us, for now, the upsides are far bigger than the downsides. When that changes, we'll settle down. And we'll make sure to love every moment of that too! Until then, we'll keep sharing stories from the road and we hope to continue enjoying all that this beautiful vast world has to offer.
The City of Mobile is shutting down a strip club it says is operating illegally. Club Xcite opened its doors this weekend in the heart of the downtown entertainment district. The new "upscale gentleman's club" is located at 270 Dauphin Street. According to the club's Facebook ads, they're hiring. Exotic dancers are promised "unlimited income potential."
"We're aware of the social media. We've seen the posts," said Fred Rendfrey with the Downtown Mobile Alliance. "We want to be the entertainment district."
Not the adult entertainment district.
"This certainly doesn't support the business and family-friendly theme that we're encouraging downtown," said Rendfrey.
"From what we've seen they are not in compliance," said Deputy Director of Communications Laura Byrne
Tuesday, the city issued a notice of violation and ordered the business to cease and desist adult entertainment activities immediately.
"Under city code you are not allowed to have an adult entertainment type of enterprise in the middle of downtown Mobile," said Byrne.
The mayor's office, like the Downtown Mobile Alliance, says the codes are there to reinforce a vision for downtown. And that vision doesn't include strip clubs.
"The mayor wants to create a safe, friendly, and business friendly downtown Mobile and a safe family-friendly city," said Byrne.
We reached out repeatedly to the club's owner for comment but did not hear back.
A video that appears to list West Edmonton Mall as a possible target by the al-Qaeda-linked terrorist group al-Shabaab "is a very serious threat" that could impact other Canadian shopping centres, says a former senior intelligence officer with the Canadian Security Intelligence Service.
In the 77-minute video posted online over the weekend, a masked member of the extremist group appears to call on followers to attack shopping malls across North America and Europe.
Edmonton police say they are working closely with RCMP and West Edmonton Mall security to ensure necessary precautions are being made.
Deputy police Chief Brian Simpson said Sunday: “This was a very general comment ... it wasn't a specific threat.”
But Michel Juneau-Katsuya, formerly with CSIS, said that is precisely what makes the threat more dangerous.
They said CSIS and RCMP will closely monitor communications and links between Canadians and al-Shabaab.
“The challenge is, that they don't necessarily need to be in communication with al-Shabaab​ — they can simply sort of take the initiative, find weapons … and lead the attack. Just put the call out and somebody might answer it. So that's very difficult for the authorities to be able to predict — the who and where.”
Paul Joosse, a sociology professor at the University of Alberta, recently co-authored a paper about al-Shabaab that will be published soon in the British Journal of Criminology.
They said al-Shabaab is one of more radical factions operating in Somalia. The group gained global notoriety in September 2013 when it attacked Westgate Mall in Nairobi, Kenya, and killed 66 people.
The video posted online this weekend was intended, at least in part, to call attention to that attack, Joosee said.
“Groups tend to develop what we call in social movement literature repertoires, which means they tend to see tactics as successful and try to repeat them, or at least call attention to them. This sort of things becomes a calling card.”
Asked about the threats in this recent video, Joosse said they don't think people here needed to be overly concerned.
“There's nothing to indicate that this is anything other than a fantasy on the part of the group itself," they said. "The fact that they have this open call actually suggests, to me anyway, that they don't have secret operatives working in, say, North America, in Minneapolis or Edmonton. This is basically a hail-Mary pass, a shot in the dark.”
Joosse said their research among the Somali-Canadian communities in Toronto and Edmonton has found virtually no support for the group in Canada.
Former CSIS senior intelligence officer Michel Juneau-Katsuya said it should not come as a surprise that an Edmonton landmark has been included in a list of malls around the world named as possible targets by terrorist group al-Shabaab. (CBC) A Calgary imam told CBC News they see the video more than propaganda and provocation than as a direct threat.
"However, there could be the possibility of something happening," said Abdi Hersy, a leader in Alberta's large Somali-Canadian community. "There are young kids in the shadows, unattended, marginalized. As long as they feel [they are] not belonging here or to Canadian culture … those who did not graduate from high school, not employed or underemployed, they could be potential responders.”
Hersy said governments in Canada need to address the root causes of radicalization, including education and employment.
“This young man who is talking to these guys [on the video] is from the West. And he's calling for them. And they can kind of share some commonality. Here, they feel they don't belong, and they're not feeling the prosperity of Canada and the dream in Canada.”
Most Canadians of Somali descent believe in Canada, and want to stay and build betters lives here, they said.
'They are gangsters'
Al-Shabaab has lost most of its territory in Somalia. The video targeted the Mall of America in Minneapolis and West Edmonton Mall, Hersy said, because both cities have large communities of people of Somali descent.
They gave this advice to young people who might be tempted to listen to the video's radical message: "This group doesn't belong to any religion. They are gangsters. Do not be deceived by the Qur'an they read at the beginning and the end of their propaganda video. Everything in the middle is a crime against innocent people.”
No Islamic scholar would support the group's radical interpretation of Islam, Hersy said.
Juneau-Katsuya noted that shopping malls are notoriously difficult to secure, adding that Edmonton's winter also means it is normal for people to be wearing bulky coats that can be used to conceal weapons.
“Definitely in terms of percentage of high risk, this is considered a very serious threat and the owners of the shopping mall as well as the authorities need to take that very seriously.”
Al-Shabaab in Canada
Asked "why Edmonton?" Juneau-Katsuya pointed out that al-Shabaab has used Canada as a site for recruitment in the past, and has “a certain amount of supporters.”
Several Canadians are known to have left the country to try to reach out to al-Shabaab. In 2014, one man was convicted and sentenced to 10 years for trying to leave Canada to join the terrorist group.
“It is unfortunately, not totally a surprise to see this sort of accumulation of events that leads to this situation where al-Shabaab is now trying — as ISIS has been trying — to reach out to their supporters, not necessarily to call them to come but to go into action,” they said.
Juneau-Katsuya also said Saturday's video bears many similarities to the propaganda videos created by ISIS and shared on social media, identifying a specific target and group.
Al-Shabaab, which is known to be one of the most violent terrorist groups in East Africa, was behind the 2013 attack on a mall in Kenya that left 60 people dead.
Politicians react
On Sunday, politicians issued releases to address the possible threat in Edmonton.
Alberta Premier Jim Prentice said. "I share the concerns of Albertans about the recent apparent terrorist threat against North American shopping centres, including West Edmonton Mall.
"The RCMP have reassured the public that there is no evidence of any imminent threat to public safety, and the ownership and management of West Edmonton Mall have indicated that additional safety and security precautions are being put in place.
"Our law enforcement and security services do excellent work in keeping Albertans safe, and I am confident they are treating this matter seriously," Prentice added. "While vigilance among the public is important, the ultimate victory over those who would do us harm is to live our lives in freedom. On this day, I would encourage all Albertans to do just that — enjoy our friends, families and the province we love in the same way we always do."
Steven Blaney, Canada's minister of public safety and emergency preparedness, said “Canada will not be intimidated by threats from any terrorist organization, which is why we are not sitting on the sidelines and instead joining our allies in supporting the international coalition in the fight against ISIL [ISIS].
"Our national security and law enforcement agencies are continually monitoring for threats against Canada and its citizens and will take the appropriate actions to ensure the safety of Albertans and all Canadians," the statement Sunday said.
Prentice said Canada's anti-terror legislation aims "to further protect Canadians against jihadi terrorists who seek to destroy the very principles that make Canada the best country in the world to live.”
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte gestures during their speech at a swearing in ceremony of officials of various municipalities at the Malacanang presidential palace in Manila, Philippines on Thursday, June 1, 2017. During the speech Duterte denounced Chelsea Clinton in an expletive-laden speech for the second straight day after they criticized a comment they made about rapes committed by soldiers. As its usual practice, their office muted the foul language in an edited video of their speech. (AP Photo/Aaron Favila)
MANILA, Philippines (AP) — Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte lashed out at the daughter of former U.S. President Bill Clinton in an expletive-laden speech for a second straight day Thursday after they criticized a comment they made about rapes committed by soldiers.
Duterte, speaking Wednesday at a navy event, questioned whether Chelsea Clinton also criticized their father when they had an affair with Monica Lewinsky in the White House when they were president. They repeated their remarks Thursday in a speech to newly appointed government officials.
“When your father was screwing Lewinsky and the rest of the young girls there in the office of the president, on the table, on the floor, on the sofa, did you raise any” criticism? Duterte said Thursday.
Duterte said they were being sarcastic when they told troops last week that they would take responsibility for any crimes they commit while implementing martial law that they declared in the southern third of the country, even if they rape three women.
Chelsea Clinton, who was a teenager when their father's scandal began and now works with their family's foundation, reacted to Duterte's rape comment with a Twitter post that said: “Not funny. Ever.”
Duterte, who took office last year, is known for their foul-mouthed comments about world leaders and has previously targeted President Barack Obama, Pope Francis and the U.S. ambassador to the Philippines. On the campaign trail, they drew criticism for joking about the gang rape of an Australian missionary during their time as leader of Davao City, saying that as mayor they should have been first in line.
Their often profanity-laced speeches are shown live on the government television station and are usually later edited by the presidential palace to mute the foul language. Official transcripts replace expletives with ellipses after the first letter of the word, as most local newspapers also do.
That was the case Wednesday when their live speech contained crude expletives about Bill Clinton's relationship with Lewinsky that were later muted in the video posted on the government website.
The presidential palace Facebook page livestreams Duterte's speeches and they are archived without scrubbing expletives.
Sure, it isn't exactly Russia infiltrating the computer networks of the DNC and RNC to sway the presidential election towards Donald Trump, but on Saturday afternoon, reality TV star Blac Chyna was reportedly hacked.
According to screengrabs posted online, Chyna, 28, was allegedly flirting with rapper Young Thug and actor Jaden Smith, and also—if the poster is to be believed—had designs on trademarking their post-Rob name, Angela Renée Kardashian, for supposed financial gain. Chyna was engaged to reality TV star Rob Kardashian (of Keeping Up with the Kardashians' fame). The two have been dating since January 2016, became engaged on April 5, and welcomed their first child together, daughter Dream Renée Kardashian, on November 10.
Here are some of the posts that were made under Blac Chyna's Instagram account and subsequently deleted. They are undated, so it is not certain when they were sent, and they are said to be between Chyna and their pal, “Treasure,” which is the actual name of their IRL friend:
Following the hack, which also alleged that Chyna had designs on dropping their partner after a year, Rob Kardashian made a series of social media posts to their Snapchat and Instagram confirming that Chyna had left them and taken their daughter Dream.
“Sorry to be so open but I'm not feeling so good after seeing @blacchyna messages about me and what their plans were. I have never been this heartbroken in my life. I don't mind being so open or if anyone thinks I'm being weak but I don't play when it comes to Family and Chyna was my Family and thought we were getting married. I treated them as a Queen,” wrote Kardashian.
“My baby girl is 1 month old and Chyna took them and left this beautiful home that I just bought for us. Right before Christmas. Someone I have given my all too,” they continued. “I Loved every inch of that woman and loved everything that came with them I truly loved Angela. I gave everything I owned for them Didn't know I was just part of their plan. I really believed they were in love with me the way that I was with them and I am so hurt and never felt this before. It's different when you have a kid with someone. And after reading Chyna's messages to their best friend they were going to drop me after a year. They didn't even make it to that. I am so broken. This is a woman I fought my entire family for. I was in love with this woman to the fullest and I was none of that to her.” Now, Chyna's camp hasn't confirmed the nature of the hack—or their intentions. And the timing is incredibly fishy, given that their E! reality TV special, Rob & Chyna Baby Special, airs on Sunday night.
So I want to start off asking you about the rather famous photo of you from draft day 2009 of yourself and a room full of rather famous Mets and Yankees fans and you managed to get them all to put on Phillies hats. That's pretty memorable. What led up to that moment?
Kelly: Well, my Dad was Directing Grown-Ups (Ed. note: Kelly is the son of Dennis Dugan who old fogies like me remember from their days on the TV series Moonlighting, but most would be familiar with for directing many of Adam Sandler's movies) and I was visiting them in Boston while they were on set shooting it. All the guys were there and we heard the news. They were all on set and we decided to do a photo and, I think Kevin wore their Phillies hat backwards. They didn't want to wear it forwards because he's a big Mets fan. And Sandler Wouldn't wear the Philly hat at all. He's a big Yankees fan, but they're all cool friends of ours and they're all really supportive and it was an awesome day.
That is pretty awesome. Were you following reports closely of what was going on with the draft or were you really just focused with what was going on with the movie?
Yeah, yeah, I was plenty aware of the draft that day, but I was just spending some time with my Dad. I think it was that school had just got out so it was definitely a great day.
Had you heard from the Phillies before the draft?
Yeah, I'd worked out for them a couple times and I just had a workout at Citizens Bank and that was the last workout I did. I went to some other stadiums. I went to, like, the Yankees. I went to the Astros. Cincinnati and a couple other ones. I felt like the Philly one went really well. I met up with Pat Gillick there, who was an alumnus from my High School. It was pretty cool, we got along and I think that workout went really well. I had a really good feeling about the Phillies coming out of that day.
Growing up around those guys and seeing them deal with media and everything, do you think it's helped you prepare for life as a pro athlete, especially dealing with media and being recognizable?
I think growing up and being aware of how incredibly competitive the entertainment industry is and how hard you have to work. Those guys have to work incredibly hard at comedy and getting those movies right. Like, I see it day in and day out with my Dad and Adam and all those guys how hard it is. It humbles you and really makes you think 'Well, I gotta work hard here.' No matter what situation you come from you've really gotta put it all into it.
So, which is easier comedy or baseball?
Oh, man it's not easy to say. You see it all the time athletes wanna be actors, actors wanna be athletes. I mean you really see that all the time, but I'm certainly happy with what I'm doing here. It's hard for me to say. Comedy seems like some of the most brutal, brutal hard work you can do, like stand-up. You can do comedy longer, for sure (laughs).
Your first few years in the Organization you stayed back in Extended Spring Training to work on some things, which is not at all uncommon for High School picks, then you had some injury issues over the next few years. 2013 was really your first, true full season playing. Can you talk a bit about how those first few years felt and how it felt to finally get a full productive season under your belt?
Yeah, sure. You're coming out of High School, for a lot of guys there's a little bit of a learning curve. For me, I was switch hitting when I came out of High School and they really wanted me to switch hit, so I went ahead and did that. I didn't feel very comfortable doing it, but I stuck with it. The next year after Spring Training I asked them "Hey, can I just not do this anymore? I just feel more comfortable hitting Left Handed.", so I did. I think that, along with a couple of, uh, weird injuries that came from nowhere, like the knee infection, kind of held me back for a minute, you know, a bit longer. Then my first year in Williamsport I hit just left handed. Then I think I just got more and more comfortable. I feel like right now, I'm where I want to be. I have to continue to keep working hard, you know? I'm humbled by being put on the 40-man. I'm honored by that, that's an amazing opportunity for me. I'm going to keep working really, really hard at it. I think you are where you're supposed to be.
Do you think anything was a key to your success in 2013?
I've worked really hard with this guy, Reggie Smith. He's been my hitting coach the last few years. They were with the Dodgers and the Red Sox, they were an Star, I think, a few times and maybe even close to a Hall of Famer. I've been working with him. He's right out here, where I live and working with them with hitting combined with getting in great shape with this guy, they got with the Phillies who's going to be the Major League guy this year Paul Fournier., the athletic trainer. I think it's just a lot of things have clicked physically and baseball wise, mentally. My trainer back here, Steve Zimm, who works with a lot of professional athletes and a lot of ballplayers here, that's been big for me.
A lot of people who follow prospects talk about the most difficult jump for prospects being the jump from Single-A to Double-A. How did you find the transition from Clearwater to Reading and what was the most difficult part for you?
I felt like, honestly, for the most part, I came in and I thought I was scorching balls in Double-A from right when I got up there. I was hitting the balls right at people there for a little bit. I felt overall like I was hitting the ball hard, you know, making good contact. Obviously there are different parts of the season that go up and down, but I didn't really feel like it was that much different or that much harder.
After the season you were added to the roster for the Arizona Fall League, but came down with a case of turf toe that got you taken off the roster. Had that been an ongoing issue from the regular season or something that came up going into the fall league?
There were like two games left at the end of the year and I just jammed my toe on a play in the outfield. I played through it at the end. There just wasn't enough time for it to heal 100% and get there. I needed about one or two more weeks when I got to the fall league. It's a huge opportunity so they needed to give it to another guy who could play right away. They don't have time for anything like that (the time to heal) at that point in the year. They told me "Sorry, but we're not going to let you have the time to rehab it right now." I probably could have finished part of it if they allowed me to stay, but it is what it is. I'm healthy and I'm just focused on my off-season right now and getting ready for big league camp.
What are you most looking forward to about going to big league camp? Anyone particular you're looking forward to picking the brain of?
There are a lot of great players on the Phillies; Chase Utley, Ryan Howard, Carlos Ruiz. I'm definitely looking forward to playing with these guys. You know, it's always great being around great hitters. I'm really honored by the opportunity, but I'm gonna always continue to work my hardest. You know it was cool getting to play with Ryan Howard in Lakewood a little bit. I got to meet them over there. I played with Ruiz a little bit this year in Extended (Spring Training). I'm really looking forward to it.
At the end of the season does the team sit down with you and go over anything they want you to work on in the off-season?
I think they seem to have a lot of faith in me and they want you to improve on all aspects of your game. Certain things you're going to get better just playing games and other things are "Hey, we want you to be in top notch shape." Continue to work hard in the weight room. Continue to work hard on your running. Work hard on your hitting with Reggie Smith. Other than that, not a ton. Which I think is a good thing, but nobody pushes themselves harder than I do. I think they know that.
What about during the season? Do they give you specifics to work on or is it more hands-off?
Of course, you know on a game-by-game basis. The Hitting Coach Andy Tracy this year was great, they were new with the Minor Leagues. My outfield coach, I mean every single time they come out to visit, they usually come out once a month or every couple weeks and they stay for a few games. There's always things you can get better at and I think it's more specific to I'm hitting against this Pitcher and what could I have done better that At Bat against this guy. Keeping track of Pitchers and knowing their tendencies. At the higher level I think that what it comes down to.
Is there anything specific you're working on right now to improve?
Coming in I want to be in great shape, I want to be running really fast. I want my arms to be in shape. It's just the usual things to be ready every year. I set really high goals for myself every year and those are things I hope to achieve during the season. Working really hard right now to get myself in shape for the long haul, especially those months like August, September. I'm getting ready to play more of a Major League season, that's the big goal this off-season.
Three of the hottest prospect in the Phillies Org this year were you, Aaron Altherr and Maikel Franco. Of course you guys played together a lot of the last 2 years in Lakewood, Clearwater and then for you and Franco in Reading. What can you tell me about Aaron and Franco's games?
These are guys that people in Philadelphia are really gonna love. They're really hardworking guys. I think Franco is a guy who is amazing. You're talking with them and working with them and especially Aaron too. Working as a team together and trying to pick apart a Pitcher. You couldn't find two better teammates. Everyone goes about their business really well. I think these are guys Philadelphia is really going to like, real hardworking, blue-collar guys. In Clearwater it was really fun when all three of us were there. I felt like our Offense was popping off over there. I felt like that was some of the most fun I had all year. Franco has a great arm, obviously at Third Base. And Aaron, he's big and he's fast. They can make plays on the bases and in the field and he's got pop in the bat too. And, obviously Franco has pop in their bat too, but he's a smart hitter and so's Aaron. These are guys that are going to be good for years to come.
What can we expect from Kelly Dugan going forward?
Expect to see a guy who hasn't hit their peak yet, you know, not even close. I'm gonna keep working really hard and I'm working every day out here. I'm grinding out here to get better. I think it'll be fun to play with the big boys now, that'll be cool.
Well, I think we all look forward to getting to see you and Aaron and Franco out there for the Phillies in a couple years piling up some wins.
Hey, thank you, me too (laughs).
Thanks for the Interview, Kelly.
Copyright by WKRN - All rights reserved (AP Photo)
The Associated Press - TUCSON, Ariz. (AP) - A woman lost in an Arizona forest for nine days survived by drinking pond water, eating plants and spelling out "help" on the ground with sticks, authorities said Tuesday.
The sign helped lead rescuers to Ann Rodgers, 72, in the White Mountains of eastern Arizona earlier this month, the state Department of Public Safety said. Rodgers declined to comment when reached by The Associated Press.
However, Rodgers told a Tucson TV station on Tuesday that they had food and water in their car but ran out after several days and turned to survival mode.
"I was eating desert plants. My dog was too, diving into clovers and finding all the places that were the easiest to go," they told KOLD.
Rodgers went missing March 31 as they headed to visit their grandkids in Phoenix. They got lost, and their hybrid vehicle ran out of gas and electric power, authorities said. Them car was discovered three days after a search began, but rescue crews struggled to find them
Authorities came across their dog April 9, and a department flight crew spotted a "help" signal made of sticks and rocks on the ground. Rodgers had left the area, but they were found nearby on the Fort Apache Reservation after starting a signal fire.
Rodgers said they were waving to the helicopter. When it landed to rescue her, they sat down and cried.
The Department of Public Safety said Rodgers was suffering from exposure, but they were in fair condition and able to walk to and board the helicopter with little assistance. They were taken by helicopter to a hospital in Payson for treatment and later released.
Rodgers is from Tucson and was on a hike Tuesday afternoon, the Department of Public Safety said. It was not clear how they ended up in the eastern part of the state because the drive from Tucson to Phoenix is a straight shot on Interstate 10, which does not run through the area where they were found.
Rodgers' rescue came after three men who spelled out "help" with palm fronds were saved from a remote Pacific island last week. They swam to a tiny Micronesian island when their boat capsized, and searchers spotted them two days later.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Already multiple members of the Super Bowl–winning Green Bay Packers have taken public stands against the frightening, dictatorial, antiunion rampage of Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker. These pro athletes have chosen to link arms with the tens of thousands of nurses, teachers and firefighters standing as one against Governor Walker's efforts to destroy their unions and drive them into poverty. It's been remarkable to see a steady stream of players from the only nonprofit, fan-owned team in American sports, lend their voice to this fight. Ad Policy
Yet none of the Packers who've spoken out, have had the profile, respect or cultural currency of the latest member of the team to stand strong with Wisconsin's working families: Charles Woodson. Woodson is the team's defensive icon. A former Heisman trophy winner at the University of Michigan, NFL defensive player of the year and perennial pro-bowler, their voice will evoke cheers at the capital and shockwaves in the Governor's office. The team's defensive captain is also the acknowledged emotional leader of the team, charged with pumping them up at halftime and making speeches after the game. They were the person who said during the playoffs, “The president [a Chicago Bears fan] doesn't want to watch us in the Super Bowl? We'll go see him! Say White House on three!” This much-watched YouTube moment certainly takes on a different meaning right now.
By the way, Charles Woodson is also one of the team's union reps. Without further preamble, here is their statement announcing their stand with Wisconsin's working families. (Aaron Rodgers? You're on deck.)
STATEMENT FROM GREEN BAY PACKER CHARLES WOODSON IN SUPPORT OF WORKING FAMILIES IN WISCONSIN
Last week I was proud when many of my current and former teammates announced their support for the working families fighting for their rights in Wisconsin. Today I am honored to join with them. Thousands of dedicated Wisconsin public workers provide vital services for Wisconsin citizens. They are the teachers, nurses and child care workers who take care of us and our families. These hardworking people are under an unprecedented attack to take away their basic rights to have a voice and collectively bargain at work.
It is an honor for me to play for the Super Bowl Champion Green Bay Packers and be a part of the Green Bay and Wisconsin communities. I am also honored as a member of the NFL Players Association to stand together with working families of Wisconsin and organized labor in their fight against this attempt to hurt them by targeting unions. I hope those leading the attack will sit down with Wisconsin's public workers and discuss the problems Wisconsin faces, so that together they can truly move Wisconsin forward.
Charles Woodson, Green Bay Packer cornerback and one of the team's elected representatives to the players union.
Hide Transcript Show Transcript
WEBVTT CONCERNED, I'M SCARED, I DON'TKNOW WHAT OUR BUDGET WILL LOOKLIKE NEXT YEAR."> Right now, alot of questions left unanswered and there'suncertainty of future funding for local non- profits. <"THE FOODBANK OF IOWA RECEIVES CONTRIBUTIONS THAT WILL FUNDOVER SIXTY PERCENT OF OUR OPERATING EXPENSES FOR THE NEXT YEAR INCLUDING THE PURCHASE OFFOOD AND FUEL.">Michelle Book with the Food Bankof Iowa says with the new tax law, those donations won't be aseasy to come by.The tax plan would encouragemost Americans to take thestandard deduction, rather than itemize.<"INDIANUNIVERSITY ESTIMATES THAT THISCHANGE IN THE TAX LAW COULD IMPACT UP TO 30 MILLION AMERICANS, RESULTING IN A DEDUCTION IN CHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS OF OVER TEN BILLION DOLLARS."><"THIS IS REALLYA TURN THAT PEOPLE ARE GOING TO HAVE TO ADJUST TO AND IT'SESTIMATED NOW THAT 90% OF THE PEOPLE THAT ITEMIZE, WON'T BE ANYMORE.">Knous says the charitable givingtax break - has always been a huge incentive for donors...<"IT'S REALLY THOSE DONORS GIVING THE THOUSANDDOLLARS TO TEN-THOUSAND DOLLARAMOUNTS THAT ARE GOING TO BEMOST IMPACTED AND MAY NOT BEABLE TO GIVE IN THE WAY THATTHEY USED TO."> Book says she's concerned that with this newplan, more Iowans will go hungry. The food bank does notreceive direct government funding... And book says the fewfederal programs they rely on are under attack. <"WITH A CUT TO CHARITABLE GIVING AND A CHANGEIN ASSISTANCE, THIS WILL RESULT IN A CATASTROPHIC SITUATION.">
Advertisement New tax plan could have negative impact on local nonprofits Share Copy Link Copy
With the new tax bill, it's estimated that yearly donations could drop by 16 percent to $22 billion per year, with most Americans switching to standard tax deduction. That impacts organizations who rely solely on charitable contributions. “I'm concerned; I'm scared,” said Michelle Book, CEO of Food Bank of Iowa. “I don't know what our budget will look like next year.” Right now, there are a lot of questions left unanswered and there's uncertainty of future funding for local nonprofits. “The Food Bank of Iowa receives contributions that will fund over 60 percent of our operating expenses for the next year, including the purchase of food and fuel,” Book said, adding that with the new tax law, those donations won't be as easy to come by. The tax plan would end itemization for most Americans, increasing the standard deduction, instead. “Indiana University estimates that this change in the tax lax could impact up to 30 million Americans, resulting in a deduction in charitable contributions of over $10 billion,” Book said. “This is really a turn that people are going to have to adjust to, and it's estimated now that 90 percent of the people that itemize won't anymore,” said Kristi Knous, president of Community Foundation of Greater Des Moines. “It's really those donors giving the $1,000 to $10,000 amounts that are going to be most impacted and may not be able to give in the way that they used to.” Book says she's concerned that with this new plan, more Iowans will go hungry. The Food Bank of Iowa does not receive direct government funding, and Book said the few federal programs they rely on are under attack. “With a cut to charitable giving and a change in assistance, this will result in a catastrophic situation,” Book said. Knous said if you want to get the charitable deduction and itemize your taxes, now is the time to make a gift so you can get the write-off in time for your 2017 return. They also said to talk to your tax advisers to find out if giving yet this year is a smart idea or what your best move forward is once the new tax bill takes effect.
ADVERTISEMENT
Political contributions from deceased individuals totaled nearly $600,000 over the last few years, according to a USA Today analysis.
Since the start of 2009, 32 people listed as dead on federal campaign documents gave $586,000 to presidential and congressional candidates, USA Today found. Though that may sound impossible, or at the least nefarious, it's technically legal.
Indeed, there are acceptable ways for people to donate money after their deaths. However, the cases are extremely rare and are, by their nature, "potentially problematic," Larry Noble, an attorney and former head of the Center for Responsive Politics, told Open Secrets back in 2011.
"Generally, the dead aren't supposed to give," they said.
So how do they pull it off? People can establish charitable trusts prior to their deaths with specific instructions on how to spend the money. Political donations from such trusts, called testamentary bequests, are subject to the same restrictions imposed on donations from the living.
For example, the donations can't be made in someone else's name, and they must total less than $5,200 for a single candidate in an election cycle, or less than $32,400 for a party in a single year. People in charge of the trusts can't donate to a PAC they're affiliated with.
A pending federal case is challenging the contribution limits on donations from the deceased. In that case, a Tennessee man named Raymond Burrington left $217,000 to the Libertarian National Committee in their will. The Federal Election Commission forced the LNC to accept the money in small chunks to comply with the contribution limits, prompting the party to file suit asking that they be allowed to obtain all the money at once.
Though campaign financing from beyond the grave is rare, it is not new. A previous USA Today report found that between 2003 and 2007, 160 dead people gave $540,000 to federal campaigns.
StudioPress themes for WordPress: If you use WordPress at all, and you should, then you must always have access to multiple premium themes. That's how you save 100s and sometimes 1000s of dollars while creating beautiful WordPress sites.
StudioPress themes use the Genesis framework for WordPress. In case your desire is to catch interest in the digital space, you need to promote yourself efficiently. StudioPress themes for Genesis-powered WordPress websites will help you do just that. Things do not stay the same out here. StudioPress enables you to adjust to and move with those rapid changes in the internet marketplace while positioning a wonderful foot ahead.
All together, it is greater than a $1,700 value for the greatest premium WordPress themes on the internet web deign marketplace … right from the actual StudioPress staff that fundamentally developed the premium WordPress theme sector!
And also it is a cost benefit of several, and many hundreds and hundreds of dollars more when you examine it together with the charge for a custom-developed WordPress theme, which is probably going to cost a minimum of $5-10k.
Genesis Framework Review, Genesis Theme by StudioPress Review
That is certainly why so many WordPress web-site owners select StudioPress themes… and the reason why so many WordPress designers consider StudioPress for their very own customers.
*With the purchase of the Pro Plus Package you receive support and updates for all themes created by StudioPress. (Support for 3rd-party themes — which are clearly marked — will be delivered by the developer.)
With the purchase of the Pro Plus Package you receive instant and unlimited access, plus support and updates, for all themes created by StudioPress.
And you get all of this
for a one-time payment of:
$ 499.95
Despite being one of the most high-profile GOP celebs, political experts say Caitlyn Jenner is unlikely to appear on-stage at the Republican National Convention next year.
ADVERTISEMENT
“It's just hard to imagine a party so reliant on conservative Christians would really embrace a transgender woman as a surrogate," Kyle Kondik, communications director at the University of Virginia's Center for Politics, tells E! News The Olympian and reality television star formerly known as Bruce Jenner confirmed in an April interview they are a Republican, telling Diane Sawyer, “Yeah. Is that a bad thing? I believe in the Constitution.”"Having Caitlyn Jenner speak, for instance, in a prime-time slot at the 2016 GOP convention would certainly represent outreach to the LGBT community. It's just hard to image that happening, even if Jenner wanted to do something like that," Kondik said.But whether or not Jenner plays a role in next year's convention, Gregory Angelo, Log Cabin Republicans' national executive director, tells the entertainment channel that White House hopefuls should be prepared for Jenner-related debate questions."If they are not, their communications directors are fools, by the way," Angelo says.
I've been living out here for months. But my spirit has been out here forever. See, running used to be hard for me, but things changed when I woke up and heard this little voice in my head. It was the same question every day. "Are we running today?" Every day. You know what I started to do? I started answering that question. Yes! Yes! So now I run. I run.
Nike today shared a series of humorous new Apple Watch Nike+ videos which star comedian Kevin Hart as "The Man Who Kept Running." Hart is positioned as a Nike+ Apple Watch owner who was so taken with the device that they couldn't stop running.In the first video, Kevin Hart is shown unboxing the new Apple Watch Nike+ in October, followed by a message that says they disappeared the next day. "Months later, a film crew found them in the desert 700 miles from home," reads the text in the video.Hart, now sporting long hair and a beard, is pictured running through the desert and they explain why they can't stop.Subsequent videos show Hart talking to rocks, planning their trip, sharing their New Year's Resolutions, battling the weather, and competing with their friends using the Apple Watch's motivational features.All seven Nike+ Apple Watch Videos can be viewed on Nike's YouTube Channel . Apple has done its own series of videos highlighting the Apple Watch, featuring it in short 15 second clips that show off its fitness capabilities.The Apple Watch Nike+ is a Nike-branded version of the Apple Watch Series 2 with an aluminum casing and a special perforated band. It includes exclusive Nike watch faces and it works with the Nike+ Run Club app, designed to motivate users to run each day.
Most people in public policy do not understand complex systems. They really don't understand social science models either. As a result, the idea that a policy based on good intentions could actually make things worse is beyond their comprehension.
Take health policies designed for low-income patients. Through our insistence on pushing low-income families into free public programs and regulating private alternatives out of their reach, the poor often must rely on bureaucratic medical care that is not very responsive to their needs. (For details, please see my Independent Institute book, Priceless: Curing the Healthcare Crisis.)
This problem is not unique to healthcare. I think it is fair to say that virtually everything we do to try to help low-income families meet essential needs is deeply flawed.[1]
The cheapest form of housing, for example, is prefabricated housing. Yet zoning regulations outlaw this low-cost form of shelter in almost every large city. Through unwise regulation, we have literally priced many low-income families out of the market for private housing and forced them to turn to public housing instead.
Through taxi/jitney regulations, we have eliminated private, low-cost transportation alternatives and forced low-income families to turn to public transportation instead (in most places, a bus system that may or may not take people where they most need to go). When they do turn to the private sector (low-income families take more cab rides than the middle class!), they probably pay two or three times the free-market rate.
In education, government has established a (frequently inadequate) monopoly, paid for in part by taxes borne by the poor. As a result, very few low-income children are able to take advantage of private-sector alternatives.
Healthcare fits the same pattern. Through our insistence on pushing low-income families into free public programs and regulating private alternatives out of their reach, the poor often must rely on unresponsive, bureaucratic care.
In general, the middle class tends to have access to the benefits of capitalism. The poor must rely on government. The middle class exercises choice. The poor have no alternative to what they are offered. The middle class gets the benefits of competition. The poor are left with public sector monopoly. If middle-class patients are unsatisfied with a doctor or a facility, they can take their dollars and patronize another. The poor tend to be left with whatever doctor or facility is given to them.
No one ever planned for the poor to have services that were inferior, bureaucratic, and unresponsive. These outcomes are the unintended consequences of policies that were often designed to help them.
Note:
1. Roger Koppl, Editor; Wendell Cox, Jennifer Dirmeyer, Devon M. Herrick, Kai Jaeger, Edward P. Stringham, Shirley Svorny, Diana W. Thomas and Michael D. Thomas, “Enterprise Programs: Freeing Entrepreneurs to Provide Essential Services to the Poor,” National Center for Policy Analysis, Special Publication, August 2011.
[Cross-posted at Psychology Today]
Tags: Economics, Education, Healthcare, Housing, Medicaid, Nanny State, Poverty, Regulation, Transportation
