SALT LAKE CITY (AP) - The Mormon church's strict rules about email communication for missionaries have been loosened a bit.
The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints said on Wednesday that missionaries can now send emails to friends, priesthood leaders and new converts.
Previously, missionaries could only email immediate family members, though they've always been allowed to send written letters to friends and others.
LDS spokesperson Eric Hawkins said missionaries must get permission from their mission president before sending emails to converts or people of the opposite gender, under the new rules.
Missionaries are still restricted to sending emails through the church's filtered email service and on the designated preparation day each week. Emails also must be sent from public computers at somewhere like a library where a fellow missionary can see the screen.
The missionary handbook shows that the rules stem from the expectation that missionaries are to devote all their time and attention to "serving the Lord, leaving behind all other personal affairs."
The handbook also advises missionaries to never include anything confidential, sensitive or negative about the area where they are serving.
Related:
Number of LDS missionary applications doubles in 3 months An unprecedented number of LDS teenagers are signing up for missionary service, and some changes are under way to accommodate them. In October, President Thomas S. Monson of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints announced a lowering of the missionary age requirement to 18 for young men and 19 for young women.
Missions are considered rites of passage for many Mormons, broadening their perspective on the world, strengthening their faith and helping prepare some of them for future leadership roles within the church.
Young Mormon men are expected, but not required, to serve missions while women have faced far less pressure to serve. Men serve two years while women go for 18 months.
In October, the church lowered the minimum age for missionaries: from 21 to 19 for women, and from 19 to 18 for men.
The church said applications for new missions are up twofold since the announcement and more than 65,000 Mormon missionaries are serving around the world. About half of all new applications to go on missions have been from women, the church said; previously, only 15 percent of missionaries were women.
More than 20,000 additional missionaries have been called to serve, while another 6,000 are in the interview process.
At the church's semiannual gathering of members earlier this month in Salt Lake City, Elder Neil L. Andersen of the Quorum of the Twelve said the increase in Mormon missionaries is a sign that miracles happen.
(Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.)
×
Related Links
Related Stories
The Never Trumpers are making their big move with a furious offensive to overturn the election and deny Donald Trump the presidency that they won fair and square. With a relentless push by the establishment media, the final coordinated smear campaign against Trump before inauguration day could be the crowning achievement of Obama's politicized intelligence services.
On a day when Democrats were ripping Attorney General nominee Jeff Sessions into bloody chunks, CNN unleashed a lurid report from Obama's intelligence stooges. The CNN scoop really outdid itself with anonymous accusations that the Ruskies had material detailing kinky sexcapades that would be used by The Kremlin to control Trump through blackmail – never mind that none of the sleazy information in the big report has been verified, the media ran with it anyway.
Liberals cheered and Rachel Maddow had a certain gleam in their eye as they drooled over the salacious details provided by former British intelligence operatives on alleged golden showers.
But it gets even better! None other than Senator John McCain has reportedly passed a secret dossier on Trump to FBI Director James Comey lending credence to Lindsey Graham's claim that a shadowy federal investigation of Trump had been undertaken.
According to The Guardian “FBI chief given dossier by John McCain alleging secret Trump-Russia contacts”:
Senator John McCain passed documents to the FBI director, James Comey, last month alleging secret contacts between the Trump campaign and Moscow and that Russian intelligence had personally compromising material on the president-elect himself. The material, which has been seen by the Guardian, is a series of reports on Trump's relationship with Moscow. They were drawn up by a former western counter-intelligence official, now working as a private consultant. The Guardian has not been able to confirm the veracity of the documents' contents, and the Trump team has consistently denied any hidden contacts with the Russian government. AND The Guardian can confirm that the documents reached the top of the FBI by December. Senator John McCain, who was informed about the existence of the documents separately by an intermediary from a western allied state, dispatched an emissary overseas to meet the source and then decided to present the material to Comey in a one-on-one meeting on 9 December, according to a source aware of the meeting. The documents, which were first reported on last year by Mother Jones, are also in the hands of officials in the White House. McCain is not thought to have made a judgment on the reliability of the documents but was sufficiently impressed by the source's credentials to feel obliged to pass them to the FBI. The Senate armed services committee, which Senator McCain chairs, launched an inquiry last week into Russian cyber-attacks during the election. McCain was reluctant to get involved, according to a colleague, for fear the issue would be dismissed as a personal grudge against Trump. They pushed instead for the creation of a special Senate committee to look into connections between campaign staff and Moscow, but the proposal was blocked by the Republican leadership. McCain told the NBC programme Meet the Press on Sunday: “I would like to see a select committee. Apparently that is not in agreement by our leadership. So we will move forward with the armed services committee and I'm sure foreign relations and intelligence committee will as well.” But the senator added: “It is possible if enough information comes out, that that decision could be reversed. I still think it's the best way to attack the issue.” Asked on the same programme on whether an investigation was ongoing into campaign links to Moscow, Senator Lyndsey Graham, another conservative Republican said: “I believe that it's happening.”
FBI chief given dossier by John McCain alleging secret Trump-Russia contacts https://t.co/cCUpWE0QVP — The Guardian (@guardian) January 11, 2017
This is pure political dynamite and gives an arsenal full of ammo to those seeking to block Trump's inauguration next week in an extraordinary intervention to keep a Kremlin mole out of the Oval Office. It also has the smell of a certain rodent given that Comey was prodded to acknowledge an FBI investigation of Trump had been undertaken during Tuesday's Senate red scare hearing.
McCain has gone totally rogue now and it's more than just getting payback against Trump over those comments questioning their war hero legend. This is increasingly looking like a coup d'etat in the making and being led by a man whose ability to influence foreign and not domestic policy goes far beyond the power of a mere U.S. Senator.
To call it treason would be an understatement.
UPDATE: AC/DC has postponed their DC show at the Verizon Center on March 17. Lead singer Brian Johnson was recommended by doctors to stop the “Rock or Bust” tour or risk complete hearing loss. The show will be rescheduled later in the year, likely without Johnson.
Arthur M. Sackler Gallery, March 5–January 29, 2017
This show turns the Sackler into an immersive exhibit inspired by the old city of Kabul. After decades of conflict, the market fell to ruin, and now the charity Turquoise Mountain has charged itself with rebuilding Kabul into the diverse and vibrant community it once was. You'll walk through a bustling Central Asian market filled with exquisite jewelry and woodwork, handmade ceramics, and other art, crafts, and goods.
Lisner Auditorium; March 8, 12, 18, and 19
Lisner's Flamenco Festival is an annual reminder that Washington's dreary winter will soon end. This year's highlights include dazzling modern from Rocío Molina and the Ballet Flamenco de Andalucía, whose director, Rafaela Carrasco (above), wrings thunder from hand claps and heel strikes. $25 to $65.
3. Environmental Film Festival in the Nation's Capital
Various venues, March 15–26
The documentary City of Trees chronicles the lives of people caught up in the Green Corps, which started with federal stimulus funds to create jobs and change lives. Filmmakers Brandon and Lance Kramer grew up in Washington, and their first feature gets a double premiere March 16 and 23 at the Environmental Film Festival (free to $30). Writer David Taylor spoke with the brothers.
Q. Your film crosses two worlds in DC. How did it come about?
A. Lance Kramer: We were working in the same building as Washington Parks & People. On a whim, we made a short film about the Green Corps's first project, called Community Harvest,about the transformation of this vacant alley into a community garden. Through that, we got to know Steve Coleman, the leader of the Green Corps, and Charles Holcomb, the trainee who eventually became a Green Corps team leader. We became fascinated that the change being attempted in people's lives was much more complicated and messy than the change happening in the landscape. So we looked at the training of the trainees, and next put the camera in their hands.
A. Brandon Kramer: We saw that we had a window into a small nonprofit that was handed a large stimulus grant to take on this ambitious goal of training hundreds of DC residents in urban forestry.
Q. When did you two realize you could work together?
A. Brandon: We both came back to DC for our grandfather's funeral. He'd had a butcher shop in Union Market, started by our great-grandfather, called Kramer & Sons. It's like our grandfather's last gift to us was creating an opportunity for us to come together at the exact right moment.
Q. I gather the local premiere will be unusual. What do you hope it will do?
A. Lance: We didn't want a situation where it's showing only, say, in Dupont Circle. We wanted to be sure the community portrayed in this film has the same access to the story as anyone else. There will be two events, at least—one at the Carnegie Institution for Science near Dupont Circle (March 16, $10) and one at THEARC, a newer cultural center in the heart of Ward 8 (March 23, free).
Brandon: Our production company is here in the city, almost all the crew live in the city, and all the participants live in the city. The premiere will be unique in that if you turn left and right in your seat, chances are someone on either side of you worked on the film in some capacity or was touched by the story or was in the film.
Howard Theatre, March 1
With a career punctuated by bizarre stunts such as their Liberace-inspired Las Vegas residency and a series of icky tweets about rape, it's sometimes hard to remember that CeeLo Green also sang and cowrote the Gnarls Barkley track “Crazy,” was a founding member of the Atlanta hip-hop group Goodie Mob, and gave us pop music's best vengeance anthem in “F–k You.” Our advice: Use this appearance to reminisce about the good parts of their career. $34.50 to $75.
Arlington Cinema & Drafthouse, March 31–April 2
Is it time to forgive Carlos Mencia? The comic is almost as well known for accusations of joke theft and grandstanding as they are for their long-ago Comedy Central show. But as Mencia told theMiami Herald last year, he's not due for a comeback: “The comeback is the audience.” $30.
Mosaic Theater Company, March 24–April 17
Playwright Motti Lerner's drama After the War follows an expat pianist returning to Israel after the 2006 war with Lebanon. The last time Mosaic founding artistic di-rector Ari Roth produced a Lerner play—2014's The Admission—it caused a rift with the DC Jewish Community Center, and they eventually got tossed from Theater J. At their new theater, you can expect an emotionally gripping, uncompromising show, directed by Sinai Peter. $20 to $60.
7. At the Edge of the Orchard by Tracy Chevalier
You'd never guess it by the locales of some of their books (Vermeer's studio in Girl With a Pearl Earring, London in Falling Angels, Paris in The Lady and the Unicorn), but Chevalier is from Washington. Them new work returns to their native country but focuses on the swamps of Ohio as the Goodenoughs (yep, that's their name) work to make their apple orchard a success amid familial and natural turmoil. Chevalier appears at Politics and Prose March 18 at 7.
Sixth & I, March 31
Radio talk-show host Diane Rehm has become a leading advocate for the right to die. Here's your chance to hear them speak about On My Own, their new book that's both a memoir about their late husband's battle with Parkinson's and a call to action for legalizing assisted suicide. $20 to $50.
Kennedy Center, March 4–6
Decades into their career, Anderson is still not phoning it in, still defying prediction. This multimedia show's title, “Language of the Future: Letters to Jack,” is an umbrella term for their ongoing meditations on American culture. If we're lucky, they might play an electric-violin solo as an encore. $36 to 45.
10. As Close to Us as Breathing by Elizabeth Poliner
Poliner is known to aspiring local authors as a longtime Writer's Center instructor; she's now at Hollins University. Them new novel is about a family vacationing on the Connecticut shore in 1948, when the narrator's brother is killed in an accident. That's mentioned in the first sentence, though the repercussions are revealed gradually. Poliner appears at Politics and Prose March 19 at 6.
Netflix, Starting March 4
After two years of Frank Underwood (Kevin Spacey) scheming and murdering their way to the Oval Office, the third season of Netflix's flagship political soap was a bit of a comedown—Underwood tried to be a good, policy-focused leader, only to wind up with wife Claire (Robin Wright, below) walking out on him. Netflix has offered few hints about the fourth season, which features newly single Frank running for their first full White House term. But if they want another turn in office—and if Netflix executives want more seasons—he'll need to return to their bad self to win our support.
RFK Stadium, March 12
Flogging Molly. Dropkick Murphys. A “hot kilted leg” contest. Pledges of fast beer service. Irish . Big men playing bagpipes. If these things say “party” to you, you'll have the time of your life at Shamrock Fest, whether you've got Irish ancestry or just appreciate the strange, bro'd-up US version of Irish heritage, in which a set by Vanilla Ice makes perfect sense. $24.99 to $89.99.
Signature Theatre, March 1–April 17
Playwright Annie Baker's 2014 Pulitzer Prize–winning play is an affecting comedy about those who clean up after us. Between sweeping stale popcorn and scraping gum from chair bottoms, three underpaid employees of a dilapidated one-screen movie house recite the details of their humdrum lives, revealing the heartbreaks, missed chances, and buried regrets that make us all human. $40 to $94.
DC Improv, March 17–20
The Chilean-American comedian uses funny voices and impressions to deliver creative, high-energy commentary on pop culture and its oddities, such as death metal and taking ecstasy in nightclubs. $30.
Echostage, March 31
In 2011, the rapper Logic's breakthrough video for the song “All I Do” showed the Gaithersburg native swaying through landmarks at the University of Maryland and in DC alongside a gold-chained Gumby mascot. Since then, he's moved west, and today the 26-year-old has two studio albums that showcase their smooth cadences, vivid storytelling, and emotional range. Help welcome Logic home this month and journey through their growing catalog of hits. $43.45.
16 & 17. Which Geezer-Rock Show Should You Attend?
AC/DC (show postponed until later this year)
Location: Verizon Center
Date: March 17
Ticket prices: $75 to $140
Tour name: Rock or Bust
Original members remaining: Angus
Average age of current members: 64.4
Sign of aging: Headlining the Grammys
Hey, where's the drummer? Phil Rudd is under house arrest for making death threats.
The Who
Location: Verizon Center
Date: March 24
Ticket prices: $49.50 to $149.50
Tour name: The Who Hits 50!
Original members remaining: Pete and Roger
Average age of current members: 71.5
Sign of aging: Meningitis
Hey, where's the drummer? RIP, Keith.
EagleBank Arena, March 18–20
Washington basketball can be called “theater” under only two circumstances: when Stephen Curry is playing the Wizards and when the Harlem Globetrotters are in town. Since 1926, the Globetrotters have put on a one-of-a-kind show that melds sports, Three Stooges–style slapstick, and dexterous stunts. So what if you know who's going to win the “game”? $25.50 to $152.50.
Various venues, March 4–13
The DCIFF faces new competitive forces: What was once an argument against corporate entertainment is now a full-throated defense of sit-ting in the dark with others. Last year, it launched an oral-history project on local moviegoing; this year's films include Train Station,with 42 (!) directors, each of whom visualizes a man's choice after a train wreck. Free to $25.
Lansburgh Theatre, March 11–April 10
You probably read 1984 in high school, and you've probably casually dropped “Big Brother is watching” into conversations about your creepy-if-you-think-too-hard-about-it iPhone camera in the years since. But this production of George Orwell's novel—adapted by the British theatre company Headlong—adds multimedia sounds and images, not only to emphasize the question of what kind of surveillance is acceptable but also to make the audience voyeurs just as guilty as the Thought Police. $20 to $118.
Verizon Center, March 27
WWE is in the midst of an unexpected heel deficit, with champion bad guy Seth Rollins laid up with a knee injury. For this event, Sheamus, Kevin Owens, and trombone-toting sort-of villains New Day try to draw your jeers. Roman Reigns and Dean Ambrose, as usual, represent all that's right in the universe. $20 to $110.
Howard Theatre, March 6
The Musical Box transports audiences back to 1973, specifically to Genesis's career-making Foxtrot concert tour—recreated in painstaking detail from old photos, clippings, and interviews. Don't miss your chance to see “Phil Collins” and “Peter Gabriel” perform in costumes including cross-dressing foxes and glow-in-the-dark bats. $32.50 to $67.50.
National Archives Museum, March 11–September 4, 2017
Celebrate the Bill of Rights' 225th anniversary with a show on how we've tried to amend our Constitution. The union may be more perfect, for example, now that drunken stupors and holding office if you've ever dueled are legal.
This article appears in our March 2016 issue of Washingtonian.
6 years ago
(CNN) - Less than an hour after President Barack Obama had stepped off of the Democratic National Convention stage, Republican challenger Mitt Romney's campaign announced 15 new, state-specific television advertisements which the campaign says will run in 8 battlegrounds.
A week ago, Romney was officially made the Republican Party's presidential nominee, granting them access to a substantial war chest set aside for the general election. Their campaign largely stayed off of television during the Democratic National Convention, which concluded after Obama's speech on Thursday.
Asked how much the campaign was spending on the buys, a Romney campaign spokesperson offered no reply.
But a Democratic ad buying source told CNN the Romney campaign purchased roughly $4.5 million worth of ad time beginning Friday and going through Monday, saying the information was preliminary as of Thursday evening. Team Romney stayed off the air most of this past week while the Democrats held their convention.
Now that Romney has officially been named the GOP nominee their campaign will get its hands on tens of millions of dollars that could only be tapped for the general election part of the campaign.
The spots will air in the eight battleground states of Colorado, Florida, Iowa, Nevada, New Hampshire, North Carolina, Ohio, and Virginia, the campaign said. Each is rated a toss up on the CNN Electoral Map.
Each opens with a clip from Romney's convention address a week ago.
"This president can ask us to be patient," Romney said. "This president can tell us it was someone else's fault. But this president can not tell us that you're better off today than when they took office."
The ads then move to touch on state-specific themes and criticism of Obama.
"Here in North Carolina, we're not better off under President Obama," the narrator says in a spot customized for the state which hosted the Democratic convention.
Each ad ends with a pledge that Romney, if elected president, would create new jobs in the state - a pledge ranging from 59,000 new jobs for New Hampshire upwards to 700,000 new jobs in Florida. A spot tailored for the Buckeye State says Romney would "keep Ohio jobs in Ohio."
The ad titled in part "Defense," which the campaign says will run in Colorado, Florida, North Carolina, Ohio, and Virginia, includes variations on a claim that Obama would cut the federal defense budget. "His defense cuts will weaken national security and threaten nearly 20,000 jobs," one ad, the Colorado spot, said.
Although the ad does not specify what defense budget cuts Obama is behind, Romney has regularly tied Obama to the budget cuts which are a result of the failure of the so-called "supercommittee." A CNN fact check evaluated Romney's remarks at the GOP convention last week, and found "the cuts aren't entirely of Obama's making, and their impact on national security is a subject of some debate." The fact check did find that Obama's 2013 budget request was down from the peak of military spending, which occurred as wars were being waged in both Iraq and Afghanistan.
"Romney's plan," the Tar Heel State ad continued, is to "reverse Obama's cuts, strengthen our military, create over 350,000 new jobs for North Carolina."
Another spot partially entitled "Overregulation" says that under Obama, "excessive government regulations are crushing job creation." Romney's plan would "create over 200,000 new jobs for Colorado" and "over 130,000 new jobs for Iowa," the two states in which it is to run.
Obama's "failed economic and trade policies with China" are the focus of spots which will run in North Carolina and Ohio. The ads claim the president's policies have "destroyed thousands of jobs."
In addition to the defense-themed ad, voters in Virginia will see spots on the topics of energy and home values. "His war on coal, gas, and oil is crushing energy and manufacturing jobs," the narrator charges in the energy spot.
Florida voters will see a spot on housing which says under the president's watch, "home values collapsed, home construction jobs lost, [and] high rate of foreclosure." A Virginia ad hammers Obama for policies which led to "lowering home values, putting families at risk."
Iowa voters will see an ad which says "there's a prairie fire of debt which grows over three billion dollars each day." Romney, the narrator says, would "cut government spending [and] eliminate the deficit."
"Fewer jobs, higher taxes on the middle class, fuel prices have doubled," claims a spot to run in New Hampshire. The ad tailored for Nevada points out it is the state with "the highest unemployment rate in the nation."
Romney spent the majority of this week off the campaign trail, but will travel on Friday to two states in which the new ads will run. They will hold rallies in Orange City, Iowa, and Nashua, New Hampshire, on Friday.
CNN's Kevin Bohn contributed to this report.
India has deployed additional contingents of troops along the Line of Control (LoC) and aircraft squadrons on forward bases, Senator Mushahid Hussain told the media in Islamabad on Thursday.
The chairperson senate standing committee on defence was briefing the media after a Senate Standing Committees on Defence and Foreign Affairs on relations with India and Afghanistan.
After a rise in Pak-India tensions, India has deployed additional contingents of troops along the LoC, Mushahid said.
Additionally, India has brought Su-35 aircraft squadrons to forward bases, the senator said.
Pakistan's armed forces are on high alert and ready to respond to any Indian 'misadventures' in a 'befitting' manner, they added.
Mushahid added that India has violated the ceasefire agreement 58 times over the past month after the Uri attack and 103 times during the past year and that there have been 213 border violations by Afghanistan.
Indian forces violated the ceasefire along the Line of Control (LoC) in Kashmir twice on Wednesday, killing one man and injuring three people.
The senator also condemned Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi's remarks against Pakistan at the BRICS summit in Goa over the weekend.
Modi at BRICS urged leaders to take a strong and united stand against the "mothership of terrorism" in the South Asian region, in a thinly veiled reference to Pakistan.
India is yet to present evidence of a 'surgical strike', they said.
They said 79 new wings have been created for Pak-Afghan border management.
The senator said there were plans for 78 new crossing points along the Pak-Afghan border.
16 such crossing points have been decided on, they added.
The simulcast, which saw its best performance on the broadcast network, kicks off its 13-week run without a gargantuan haul.
Sunday's incredibly crowded TV schedule saw Fox pitting science against scripted heavy-hitters like The Walking Dead, True Detective and ABC's impressive launch for Resurrection.
The broadcast net's follow-up to Carl Sagan's 30-year-old Cosmos: A Personal Voyage brought in 8.5 million viewers across 10 networks -- including Fox's cable nets and the National Geographic Channel. It's a modest haul, given the scope of the launch, but Fox cited global projections north of 40 million viewers for the first week.
Among adults 18-49, Cosmos grossed a 2.9 rating.
Cosmos: A Spacetime Odyssey, produced by Seth MacFarlane and hosted by Neil deGrasse Tyson, fared best on Fox. Fast National returns have the network earning a vast majority of the total haul with 5.8 million viewers.
As is the case with all non-live TV, expect a great deal of attention on how much of a lift Cosmos gets from time-shifters.
CLOSE The Congressional Budget Office estimates a repeal of the Affordable Care Act would increase the number of uninsured people by 32 million. Video provided by Newsy Newslook
Buy Photo Rand Paul is the junior senator from Kentucky. (Photo: The Courier-Journal)Buy Photo
Senator Rand Paul said that steps to repeal the Affordable Care Act could come as early as Tuesday morning, a move that is an important measure, they said.
The Bluegrass state's GOP senator discussed the state of health care in the U.S. as well as the strife between members of the party during a question-and-answer session with members of Louisville's suburban Rotary Club Monday.
"Are we going to get through the health care fiasco? I don't know," Paul said. "They're talking about voting on something tomorrow, but they haven't told us what we're voting on."
When asked if the GOP could unite to pass a reasonable health care bill, Paul said it is "to be determined."
Paul said they aren't sure which action the GOP will take to replace the Affordable Care Act.
Initially, there is the Senate leadership's decision, which includes more than $180 billion in insurance subsidies. But Paul said they want action similar to the 2015 bill that was a clean repeal of the law. They added that 51 of 52 Republicans voted in favor of the action.
Paul said that the majority of Republicans are supporting the Senate leadership's plan, which they defined as an "insurance company bailout."
More: Abortion clinic 'buffer zone' outside Louisville clinic gets hearing in federal court
More: When attacking Obamacare, McConnell should consider their own battle with polio | Joseph Gerth
Paul said they don't see why Republicans wouldn't be in favor of the 2015 repeal, and added they would vote in favor of the clean repeal if it's brought forth as an option this week.
During the presentation, Paul said they are not in favor of either the GOP's efforts or the democratic ideas behind the pending Senate health care bill. Monday's meeting with Louisville Rotary members is one of many local visits the senator has made to the River City as they attempt to pitch their solution: a full repeal of the Affordable Care Act and the ability for people to buy cheap insurance through associations.
Many local leaders attended, including Sen. Gerald A. Neal, D-District 33. Neal said while they respect Paul's ideas, their solution is too ideological.
"Paul is an ideologue on the issue of libertarianism," Neal said. "He said, 'let's let the marketplace take care of it,' but it can't take care of it alone. There has to be some government involvement."
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Breaking news alerts Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-866-2211. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
Paul answered numerous questions from local Louisville leaders but highlighted the continued friction between Republicans and Democrats.
"Some say, 'You men and women would do better if you all could get along better'... My opinion on that may be evolving after I was shot this year at a baseball game by somebody who was very unhappy about politics," Paul said.
Reach Reporter Thomas Novelly at 502-216-1249 or by email at tnovelly@courier-journal.com.
More from today: Weeklong abortion protests in Louisville start Monday. Here's what is happening
CLOSE President Donald Trump declared Tuesday it's time to "let Obamacare fail" after the latest GOP health care plan crashed and burned in the Senate, a failure for Trump, Mitch McConnell and a party that has vowed for years to abolish the law. (July 18) AP
Read or Share this story: https://www.courier-journal.com/story/news/local/2017/07/24/rand-paul-steps-repeal-aca-could-come-early-tuesday/503866001/
Following the release of Rockstar's latest installment in the critically-acclaimed Grand Theft Auto series, a familiar controversy is already beginning to heat up over whether it – and video games in general – are negatively influencing our youth by inspiring them to run countless unnecessary errands for people they barely know or have never met.
Phyllis Butow, a psychology professor at Australia's University of Sydney, spearheaded a study that showed children who spend upwards of fifteen hours a week playing video games were significantly more likely to do laborious and repetitive favours in exchange for meager payments or even just advice on what to do next. These children were found to be unusually satisfied with their rewards, even if the advice offered to them was to run yet another errand.
“It's a concern that has been expressed by society for a long time now,” said Butow. “It goes back as far as the 1999 Columbine massacre in the United States, and potentially even further than that. For more than a decade, we've had to consider, as parents, what we're exposing our children to, and I don't think there's a single parent with a teenage child who has not asked themselves at one point or another ‘If I buy this game for my son or daughter, am I encouraging arbitrary behaviour or acts of inexplicable charity?'”
But some are sceptical of Butow's findings, with critics pointing out that the errands participants were asked to run were exclusively menial in nature, and confined to tasks performed in and around their workplace. Children analysed by the study were asked to clean Butow's office, refill their staplers and deliver notes and other important documents to colleagues. These tasks, critics say, are not exactly reflective of those simulated in most mainstream video games.
Other critics have argued that a correlation between children who run too many errands and children who play video games does not necessarily imply causation of the former by the latter. Rather, they say, it could be that children prone to errand-running are simply more attracted to video games, as it offers them a medium through which to live out their fantasy.
“It's possible,” said Butow, responding to this criticism. “It's certainly possible, but there is some evidence to suggest that, while the game might not be the sole cause of their errand-running, it might be one of many potential triggers to push the habit that one step too far.”
Butow's research follows another study from the University of Auckland that suggests those who watch the evening news are more likely to overreact to mundane events in their lives.
Truthout doesn't take corporate funding – this lets us do the brave, independent reporting that makes us unique. Please support this work by making a tax-deductible donation today – just click here to donate.
A Wisconsin legislator has managed to bundle nearly all of the excesses associated with dirty elections into a single bill that good government advocates are describing as a “sweeping assault on democracy:” the legislation would try reinstating restrictive voter ID requirements, make it easier for donors to secretly influence elections, expand lobbyist influence, restrict early voting, and make it harder to register, among other measures.
The legislation is “so huge, covers so much ground, and has so many independently controversial parts of it,” that it appears “intended to cut out any public input or to render [that input] meaningless,” says Andrea Kaminski, Executive Director of the League of Women Voters of Wisconsin.
Announced on the Friday afternoon before Memorial Day weekend, and in the midst of the budget-writing process that consumes most state news coverage, the bill from Rep. Jeff Stone (R) seems designed to be rushed-through before the public has a chance to respond.
Eliminates Most Disclosure Requirements
The most troubling provision in the bill, says Jay Heck, Executive Director of Common Cause Wisconsin, is that it “codifies protection [from disclosure] for phony issue ads.”
Wisconsin, like most of the country, saw millions spent in the 2012 elections on so-called “issue ads” whose donors skirted disclosure requirements by stopping short of urging viewers to “vote for” or “vote against” a candidate. Because of the “issue ad” loophole, voters do not know how much was actually spent on elections, and most importantly, they don't know where the money came from.
The state elections board issued rules in 2010 to help close the issue ad loophole but has not enforced them, likely fearing a court challenge. “This bill would guarantee they are never enforced and nullify the rule,” said Mike McCabe, Executive Director of the Wisconsin Democracy Campaign. “It would enshrine the issue ad loophole in state law.”
Under Rep. Stone's bill, disclosure is only required for communications that explicitly call for the election or defeat of a candidate — completely excluding the sham “issue ads” from disclosure requirements.
“Not only are we not going to do anything about phony issue ads, we are going to give further protection” to donors who want to influence elections from the shadows, Heck said.
Recent developments show what a charade this phony “issue ad” loophole really is. The pro-school privatization group American Federation for Children told Wisconsin's elections board it spent only $345,000 on ads on state legislative races in 2012, but told its funders that it spent $2.4 million. The difference between the amount reported and the total actually spent is likely attributable to the issue ad loophole.
Earlier this year, bipartisan legislation was introduced to tighten up this loophole by requiring disclosure whenever “issue ads” mentioning a candidate are run within 60 days of an election. But Stone's bill goes the opposite direction, legitimizing the illicit secrecy that has increasingly marked elections.
Establishes New Voter ID Restrictions
After Governor Scott Walker and a GOP-dominated legislature took power in 2011, Wisconsin was one of several states to pass a law requiring an ID to vote. The law threatened to disenfranchise more than 300,000 voters who did not have the required forms of ID, primarily people of color, students, and the elderly — voters who had turned out in record numbers just a few years earlier to elect President Obama. Wisconsin's law was subsequently struck down by two separate state courts on grounds that its burdens were too severe and it imposed eligibility requirements beyond those provided by the Wisconsin Constitution.
Rep. Stone's bill is trying to have another bite at the voter suppression apple.
Under the law, voters will still be asked to present an ID, and if they do not have one, they must sign an affidavit swearing not only that they do not have the forms of identification required under the law, but also declaring that they either are too poor to get an ID or cannot gather the necessary documentation.
Heck says they might be able to live with the proposal if it only required voters to “swear under penalty of perjury” they do not have an ID. But requiring a person to declare they are poor so they can vote, they said, is “insulting, humiliating, and demeaning.”
The League of Women Voters brought one of the lawsuits against the 2011 voter ID bill, and Kaminski says they are currently reviewing this proposal.
Ends Early Voting on Weekends
In 2008, President Obama won Wisconsin by 14 points, thanks in part to an aggressive “vote early” campaign where one in five voters cast absentee ballots in-person at their County Clerk's office. After Republicans took control of the state legislature in 2010, they cut the number of days and weekends for early voting in half, from one month before the election to just two weeks. Still, in the 2012 elections at least 392,000 people voted early at their clerk's offices, and Obama again won the state by a sizable margin.
Rep. Stone's bill would limit the practice even further, eliminating early voting on the weekends, and during the weekdays, imposing a 6pm cutoff.
This would have a significant impact on working people. Last November in Milwaukee County and other larger counties, voters could cast a ballot until 7pm on weekdays, and between 9am and 5pm on weekends.
Rep. Stone has said that, “A lot of the smaller, rural communities just don't have the capacity to offer those types of extended hours.”
But Kaminski disagrees. They note that limiting the hours for early voting would also make it more difficult for clerks in smaller municipalities in the North, many of whom work as a clerk only part-time and have a full-time day job.
“Cements in place the legalization of corporate election spending”
According to McCabe, the bill also “cements in place the legalization of corporate election spending.”
For over a century, Wisconsin law (like federal law) prohibited corporations from making independent expenditures on behalf of candidates for state office — a prohibition that a narrow majority of U.S. Supreme Court justices declared unconstitutional in the 2010 decision Citizens United v. FEC.
Wisconsin's corporate expenditure prohibition stayed on the books after Citizens United but was rendered unenforceable by the decision. But, if the makeup of the Supreme Court's changes and the decision is reversed, or if the growing movement to amend the constitution is successful, the corporate election spending ban would again become enforceable.
Rep. Stone's bill would repeal the corporate independent expenditure ban. As a result, if Citizens United were reversed in the future, Wisconsin would have nothing to fall back on: it would have to pass a new law banning corporate election spending, which could be a daunting task.
Stone, for their part, told the Wisconsin State Journal that this is “basically a free speech issue.”
“The U.S. Supreme Court has said that corporations, which are essentially people under their description, are entitled to the same free speech rights,” they said.
Facilitates Lobbyist Influence
Another provision would make it easier for lobbyists to exert even more influence over state legislators.
Currently, lobbyists may only make campaign contributions between June 1 and the day of the election, thereby limiting their ability to give money surrounding a key vote. “It is obvious when a lobbyist writes a check while the state budget is getting written, they are hoping for favorable treatment,” Heck said.
This bill would expand that window to as soon as a candidate begins circulating nomination papers. “The last thing on earth we need is more influence and more campaign contributions from big interest groups,” said McCabe. “I can't see why this is beneficial to the average citizen. Most people aren't represented by lobbyists making $250 per hour,” they said. “It just creates another way for powerful interests to forge relationships with legislators and funnel money.”
Reject Ballots Over Technicalities
The bill would also make it easier to reject otherwise valid votes based on technicalities.
In particular, a voter's failure to sign the poll list could amount to their vote not being counted in a recount, although it is not clear how a particular voter's ballot could be identified since Wisconsin has a private ballot.
This proposal is a direct response to last summer's recall elections. After Sen. Van Wanggaard lost their June 2012 recall election, Republicans hyped allegations of voter fraud, pointing specifically at missing signatures in the poll book. The omissions were chalked up to mistakes on the part of poll workers — it was one of the first elections with the signature requirement — and the elections board refused to disenfranchise voters based on these errors. Rep. Stone's proposal would change that.
“Why should a voter lose their vote based on the error of a poll worker?” Kaminski said.
The bill would also make it easier to reject ballots in a recount from voters who registered at the polls on election day. Wisconsin is one of just nine states that allow election day registration, which has helped the state achieve one of the highest voter turnout rates in the country, but some Republican leaders have grumbled about ending the practice.
Another provision would allow absentee ballots to be rejected if the witness did not separately list their address on the form — which might be common when one spouse acts as a witness to the other's absentee ballot — providing yet another way to eliminate otherwise valid votes.
“These provisions are just mean-spirited, and geared at reducing the number of votes,” Kaminski said.
Rolls-Back Registration With Electronic Documents
In August of last year, the state elections board adopted a rule allowing voters to demonstrate proof of residency by showing electronic versions of documents like bank statements or phone bills on their laptops, tablets or smart phones. During public hearings on the proposal, the board heard testimony from students and poll workers describing the absurdity of a document being rejected as proof of residency when showed on a screen, but becoming acceptable after being printed on a piece of paper.
“From personal experience, my T-Mobile bill, the copy of the bill you receive in the mail looks exactly like the copy you get by e-mail,” Alexander Haas, a University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee student, told the board. “The same with my [Wisconsin Electric] energy bill. An electronic document is more secure than the paper document, because it is password protected and a [Postal Service] mailbox is not.”
Wisconsin's statutes say voters must “provide identifying documents” to register, and the board concluded that “documents” referred to the veracity of the residency information rather than whether it was on paper or a screen. By some accounts, Wisconsin was the first state to formally allow electronic documents for registration.
This bill would reverse the board's decision and explicitly prohibit the use of electronic documents for registration purposes.
“We had no complaints from our election observers last year about voters using electronic documents” for registration, Kaminski said. “The only complaints came from those poll watchers” — such as those trained by True the Vote — “who wanted to see the documents voters were showing,” they said. “But that is not their job.”
“If you are interested in the information contained on a document, it should be allowed in any form,” Heck said. “But if you are interested in having fewer students cast ballots, this is the way you go.”
“Sweeping Assault on Democracy”
“There is no effort to be bipartisan with this bill,” Heck said. “It clearly favors the party in power, and it does a lot of things to make campaign finance and election administration a lot worse.”
McCabe is more blunt. “It is a sweeping assault on democracy,” they said.
In a sense, writing an in-depth review of While We're Here is superfluous. All of the short works in this anthology are distinct from one another and available in full online at The Anthill – the self-described “writers' colony” from which they were selected. It's like Amazon's ‘Look Inside' function on steroids.
But even if you have read some of these 33 works of fiction, non-fiction and poetry already, let this not dissuade you from buying a physical copy. I make this case on moral grounds – all proceeds will help The Library Project provide books to orphanages and primary schools in rural Asia – but also because the type of personal, narrative-driven writing that The Anthill is known for deserves to be on your bookshelf.
It is rare that a book on China (in English, at least) is published for the enjoyment of those of us actually living here. These are stories that, according to the book's Co-Editor Alec Ash, “would otherwise go untold” for precisely this reason. While some of the entries could, and should, appeal to wider audiences, While We Here doesnot pander to them. You can read oft-used acronyms without explanation, and see the word ‘Weibo' without it being followed by ‘China's version of Twitter.'
This familiarity is what appeals the most. In Jonathan Rechtman's ‘Model Worker,' the author's brief encounter with Chengdu's Western Modeling Agency will instigate a knowing smile from those foreigners who have been afforded surreal opportunities by virtue of their ethnicity. And in Sam Duncan's humorous account of their time in Heilongjiang (‘Ayi and I'), their landlord's assertion that “the TV would work fine as soon as the housing contract was signed,” resonates not only because it's funny, but because I know that landlord. He's every landlord I've ever had (or every agent, at least).
Some of the anthology's best entries come from characters not primarily known for writing, such as Great Leap Brewing's founder Carl Setzer, who recalls paying their last respects to father-in-law. Their story is a reminder that While We're Here is – like The Anthill itself – at its most captivating when confronting the personal. Among the best of the other memoir-style contributions is ‘Examining the Past' by That's Beijing's former Senior Editor Karoline Kan – a heartbreaking tale of how family pressure and the suspension of the gaokao during the Cultural Revolution denied their father the chance to pursue their dreams at university.
Our affection for this collection has nothing to do with the appearance of That's Beijing contributors – past and present – in its pages. But while we're on the subject: former Editor-in-Chief Robert Foyle Hunwick offers a fantastically entertaining account from inside one of Beijing's last remaining bathhouses (‘Shower Business'); author of our monthly Chinese Urban Dictionary column, Mia Li, regales us with their dad's request for a VPN for Fathers' Day; and former columnist Carlos Ottery (aka Beta Dad) provides a standout dose of flash fiction introducing their character Leroy, the tragic laowai we know all too well (“Back home in Norwich, there was no way they could be doing this sort of stuff, which, come to think of it, was probably why they had left… Beijing was their home now, and in Beijing they felt they were kind of a big deal”).
But far from being a Twitterati circle jerk, this is a collection of personal stories from China that will make you wish that you'd kept a diary all this time. While We're Here is a book that was made for us – while we're here, at least.
While We're Here is published by Earnshaw Books and is available in Beijing at The Bookworm or by emailing orders@earnshawbooks.com. The book is also available on Kindle through Amazon.
Police were working to clear hundreds of protesters who gathered outside Donald Trump's rally in San Jose late Thursday. Pete Suratos reports. (Published Thursday, June 2, 2016)
'I've Never Seen Anything Like That in America': Trump's San Jose Rally Draws Protest, Turns Violent
Donald Trump supporters leaving the presumptive GOP nominee's rally in San Jose on Thursday were pounced by protesters, some of whom threw punches and eggs.
The protesters chased and taunted Trump's supporters outside the San Jose Convention Center. They surrounded one woman and threw eggs and bottles at them
"It was unbelievable," said Steve Tong, a Cupertino resident who attended the Trump rally.
Tong said after the rally, they were walking toward a nearby parking structure and saw protesters surrounding and taunting an elderly couple.
Highlights From the 2016 Campaign Trail
"I've never seen anything like that in America before," Tong said.
Tong also said they saw protesters smash car windows inside the parking structure.
The San Jose Police Department said there were a few arrests made, but it did not provide specific numbers or information on those arrests. There was no significant property damage reported. One officer was assaulted, police said.
"Our police officers have done an extremely courageous and professional job so far," San Jose Mayor Sam Liccardo told The Associated Press by phone. "We're all still holding our breath to see the outcome of this dangerous and explosive situation."
Clinton: Trump Shouldn't Have Nuke Codes
While speaking in San Diego on June 2, 2016, Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton described Donald Trump's foreign policy ideas as a series of “bizarre rants, personal feuds and outright lies.” (Published Thursday, June 2, 2016)
The mayor, a Democrat and Hillary Clinton supporter, criticized Trump for coming to cities and igniting problems that local police departments had to deal with.
"At some point Donald Trump needs to take responsibility for the irresponsible behavior of their campaign," Liccardo said.
Such protests are unlikely to be repeated on Friday when Trump holds a rally at the airport in the much smaller and more conservative city of Redding about 150 miles north of Sacramento.
Adam Rivas, a 22-year-old community college student who was born and raised in San Jose, was holding a spray-painted sign that read "Dump Trump" on Thursday.
Violent Protests Break Out at Trump Campaign Rally in NM
Protests outside a Donald Trump campaign rally in Albuquerque, New Mexico, turned violent on Tuesday night. Demonstrators threw burning T-shirts and other objects at police as their focus shifted from Trump to the Albuquerque Police Department. (Published Wednesday, May 25, 2016)
Rivas said they were particularly disturbed by Trump's remarks about Mexicans.
"For any one Mexican here they bash, there are about 20 Mexicans out there who are hardworking and just doing their job,'' they said.
It's not only supporters attending the inside of the rally. Mike Kennedy, who works in development and lives in nearby Los Gatos said as they walked in that they "came to see the spectacle, and see Trump's minions.''
Trump's appearance in Sacramento Wednesday night drew a very small group of protesters that was dwarfed by thousands of supporters. But California campaign rallies last week saw some clashes between protesters, supporters and police that led to several arrests.
Donald Trump Holds Campaign Rally in San Jose
During the rally at South Hall, an annex of the San Jose Convention Center, Trump addressed about 5,000 supporters in attendance.
Trump discussed Democratic presidential candidates Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. They called Clinton "pathetic" and accused Sanders of "rigging the system."
The Republican presidential candidate also continued their stance on toughening immigration laws.
"We're going to bring people into this county, but we're going to bring them in legally," Trump said.
17 Arrested at Trump Rally Protest
Seventeen people were arrested in a protest outside a rally for Republican presidential front-runner Donald Trump in Costa Mesa. Toni Guinyard reports for Today in LA on Friday April 29, 2016. (Published Friday, April 29, 2016)
Thursday was Trump's latest Bay Area stop to woo voters with their trademark "Make America Great Again" rally.
Thursday's rally is slightly over a month since Trump was forced to skirt a highway wall on U.S. 101 and hop down onto a grassy embankment to avoid an angry mob who was protesting their appearance at the California GOP convention in Burlingame.
Due to security concerns, a handful of roads surrounding the convention center have been closed down, which already created a midday backup in downtown San Jose.
Their appearance, like the last time around on April 29, prompted a heavy police presence, and sources say the San Jose Police Department asked officers to volunteer to work overtime for Thursday's rally.
Trump Clinches 'Magic Number' for GOP Nomination
Donald Trump has secured the number of delegates required to clinch the GOP nomination. (Published Thursday, May 26, 2016)
According to their calendar, Trump has no scheduled stops in Oakland, a city they declared to a New York Times Magazine reporter was among the “most dangerous” in the world.
In fact, Trump's speech was held at the same time as Game 1 of the NBA Finals where the Golden State Warriors played the Cleveland Cavaliers at Oracle Arena in Oakland.
Trump joked at the rally that they wanted to attend the game.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC Southern California
“A foreign government messing around in our elections is, I think, an existential threat to our way of life," Michael Morell said. | AP Photo Morell calls Russia's meddling in U.S. elections 'political equivalent of 9/11'
Former CIA acting director Michael Morell called the intelligence agency's conclusion that Russia meddled in the U.S. presidential election to help President-elect Donald Trump “the political equivalent of 9/11.”
“A foreign government messing around in our elections is, I think, an existential threat to our way of life. To me, and this is to me not an overstatement, this is the political equivalent of 9/11,” Morell said in an interview posted Sunday on The Cipher Brief. “It is huge and the fact that it hasn't gotten more attention from the Obama Administration, Congress, and the mainstream media, is just shocking to me.”
Story Continued Below
Their comments come on the heels of a Washington Post story published Friday that the CIA believes Russia attempted to help Trump when individuals supposedly connected to the Russian government provided WikiLeaks with hacked emails from Hillary Clinton's campaign chair John Podesta.
Trump's transition team blasted the CIA assessment after the report came out, saying that the same people had concluded that Saddam Hussein had weapons of mass destruction. And in an interview with Fox, Trump called allegations that Russia interfered “ridiculous.”
“They have no idea if it's Russia or China or somebody. It could be somebody sitting in a bed someplace,” they said.
Trump's incoming chief-of-staff Reince Priebus and Kellyanne Conway, their senior adviser to the transition team, both later said Trump respects the intelligence community.
Over the weekend, a bipartisan group of senators, including Republican John McCain and incoming Democratic Senate leader Chuck Schumer, called on Congress to investigate the allegations, saying that "this cannot become a partisan issue. The stakes are too high for our country.”
Morell, who was outspoken in their support of Clinton during the 2016 election, said it's “not a good sign” that Trump appears to be feuding with the CIA publicly.
“In a world with so many threats and challenges facing the United States and in a city where politics and policy disputes color so many views, a President, if they're going to be able to protect the country, they need someone to provide them with an objective, unbiased view of what's going on in the world, and why it matters to them, and why it matters to the country. That job falls to the Intelligence Community led by the CIA, and that's why the relationship between a President and the Intelligence Community and the CIA is so special," they said. “And right now that special relationship is being undermined.”
A rider waits for the L train, Friday, Oct. 24, in New York. (Photo11: John Minchillo, AP)
NY1 Inside City Hall host Errol Louis talked to viewers Thursday about "methods" of Ebola transmission.
The virus is not airborne and can be transmitted through bodily fluids while someone is infected.
The first New Yorker, Craig Spencer, tested positive for Ebola on Thursday. Spencer is a New York emergency physician who recently worked with Doctors Without Borders treating patients in West Africa.
As New Yorkers deal with the first case, the anchor said, "If you came across some strange mucus or feces or something out there on the street, on the subway, or anywhere else, don't eat it. Don't let it get into your body, don't touch it."
Louis explained that New Yorkers were "rational adults." But some New Yorkers and their ilk being a sarcastic bunch, took to Twitter to poke fun at Louis' comments.
Favorite ebola advice so far: @errollouis advising us not to eat feces. — Brent Burket (@HeartAsArena) October 24, 2014
Exactly. Have all poop tested for Ebola before eating it. RT @englishanj: Urgent: New Yorkers: do not eat Ebola infected poop. — Jeff Haws (@JeffHaws) October 24, 2014
How to avoid catching Ebola virus: Don't eat poo, says TV expert http://t.co/OAEk1eHLQm — Indy World (@IndyWorld) October 24, 2014
Follow @JessicaDurando on Twitter
More:
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1tQPgWr
HYDERABAD: The city police have launched a manhunt for four persons belonging to the Hindu community who they suspect triggered the communal disturbances in Old City last Sunday by hurling a piece of beef on the walls of the Hanuman Temple at Kurmaguda in Madannapet. All the four are residents of Kurmaguda and in their late twenties, police said, and claimed that the accused would be nabbed within the next 48 hours.Reaping political benefits by intensifying communal polarization in the city is said to be the motive behind the attack. "We have reliable information confirming the role of four Hindu extremists in the Kurmaguda incident that started the recent communal disturbances. One of the accused was earlier arrested in the post-Bakrid communal violence incidents in the city. "All the accused are on the run and special teams have been formed to nab them," a top investigating officer told TOI.While the Special Investigation Team (SIT) of the city police is probing the 26 cases of communal clashes that took place in Old City since last Sunday, there is a special emphasis on the investigation into the Kurmaguda Hanuman temple desecration as it was the triggering point for the series of clashes. SIT officers visited Kurmaguda on Thursday and questioned several people. "We have specific information that the incident was executed by locals from the same community," said a source. Intelligence sleuths are also closely monitoring the probe and confirmed the role of Hindu fundamentalist elements behind the attack.An officer, who is part of the probe, revealed that the four suspects who have been on the run now are just mere pawns in the big political game and the main challenge would be to get to the conspirators who used them to reap political benefits. In the 2010 communal clashes, the SIT team had made several arrests but failed to nail the conspirators who provoked the mob. The same was the situation in the probe related to the post- Bakrid communal attacks in 2011. "A middle level politico interested in contesting the assembly election in 2014 is possibly the brain behind the attack," police sources averred. Analysts said that this gave a new dimension to the communal tension and revealed that polarization was being deliberately fomented to garner votes.Police have also confirmed the involvement of local Hindus in a temple desecration at Nandi Musalaiguda in Bahadurpura police limits and suspect a similar conspiracy behind the temple desecration at Moghulpura. "While the Nandi Musalaiguda temple desecration was engineered to ensure the posting of a police picket in their communally sensitive area, we suspect that the Moghulpura incident was to instigate the people. Thankfully, the perpetrators at Moghulpura did not succeed," said an official.
Queensland Government announces investigation into transport of waste
Updated
A three-month independent investigation is being launched into the dumping of interstate waste in Queensland, increasing to one million tonnes a year to the state.
Ipswich was labelled the dumping capital of the state's south-east and its Acting Mayor, Paul Tully, said they hoped the investigation would reduce the truckloads of landfill coming in from New South Wales.
"Hopefully the people of Ipswich will have much less waste coming into our city," they said.
"We know that it is coming illegally from NSW."
The investigation was triggered by a Four Corners report, which exposed an organised network of waste transporting and freighting companies allegedly sending waste by road and rail to Queensland, to avoid a NSW landfill levy of $138 per tonne.
Trade is so lucrative the industry estimates the amount of construction and demolition waste being transported to Queensland has reached about 1 million tonnes a year, almost double official government figures from the past financial year.
The report included allegations that interstate operators had dumped waste in disused mine sites.
Residents in south-east Queensland, where multiple dumps are located, have told Four Corners they are increasingly concerned about what is being tipped down the old mine sites surrounding them.
The inquiry will look at options to reform the waste industry and measures to crack-down on illegal behaviour.
The Newman government abolished the landfill levy in Queensland and Premier Annastacia Palaszczuk has ruled out bringing it back this term, although it has not ruled out its return if Labor wins at the next state election.
It is cheaper to truck waste to Queensland than it is to dispose of it and pay the levy in the state where it is generated.
Queensland has become known as "the dumping capital of Australia".
Waste levy won't be reinstated
Environment Minister Steven Miles said there were no plans for a waste levy to be introduced in Queensland, even if it was recommended in the review.
They said the Government had categorically ruled out a levy in the final months of the current term, and there were no discussions about making it an election issue for the next term.
"This investigation will be headed with someone with really advanced legal expertise, hopefully a former judge," they said.
"They'll look at all of these options, work out what we can and can't do under the constitution and also how we can do it so that it is constitutional.
"Our commitment stands that we won't be introducing any new taxes, fees or charges."
Mr Miles said road inspections following the Four Corners program had seen about 60 trucks pulled over, but only one of those had been identified as suspicious and warranted further investigation.
The three-month investigation will canvass illegal practices and possible breaches of regulations, the need for regulatory reform, incentives for movement of waste from other states and means of prevention.
It will also examine the roles of other states and the Commonwealth in the management of waste.
It is not yet clear who will lead the investigation, which is due to report back to the Queensland Government in mid-November.
Investigation to tackle illegal practises
Ms Palaszczuk met with waste industry representatives on Monday to discuss long-term waste strategies which resulted in the investigation.
"I want to send a clear message to interstate waste generators and companies that Queensland is not a free-for-all," Ms Palaszczuk said.
"We need to better understand the actions of those who haul waste several hundred kilometres to Queensland, what response we can make and whether national action is required.
"Not only is interstate waste haulage unnecessary, it can be unsafe. We also need to question the potential cost to Queensland taxpayers and the environment."
An Opposition spokesperson said the investigation was a political ploy.
"Yet another review?" they said.
"Given Annastacia Palaszczuk has known about it since 2010, this is a new low in this do-nothing Labor Government."
Watch the Four Corners episode Trashed: The Dirty Truth About Your Rubbish on iview.
Topics: recycling-and-waste-management, environment, state-parliament, parliament, government-and-politics, federal---state-issues, ipswich-4305, qld, brisbane-4000
First posted
RUGBY LEAGUE: South Sydney Rabbitohs player Dane Nielsen is back in Mackay Magpies colours.
The former Queensland State of Origin centre has played for Magpies before in 2015 before they left to play in the English Super League.
Last year, they played seven games for the Rabbitohs and scored three tries.
Nielsen has now played three games for the Mackay Magpies and coach Matt Temby said he's been a stand out each game.
"He played their first game back against Brothers and they were the best player on the field that day,” Temby said.
Nielsen re-joined to squad back in June.
"He just had enough and wanted to move home and play a bit of footy,” Temby said.
Nielsen is now back playing with NRL teammates Jardine Bobongie and Marmin Barba.
"He's good mates with Jardine and knows Marmin, they're all fairly close,” Temby said.
It adds to the experience in the premiership winning team who are gunning for a back to back win.
"There's a good mix at the moment,” Temby said.
"There are a few older blokes as well as a few young fellows and everyone gets along pretty well too.”
After defeating the Sarina Crocodiles at the weekend, Magpies sit third on the ladder below Souths Sharks on top and Wests Tigers.
"It was their (Sarina's) last home game of the year so they were pretty physical,” Temby said.
"It's always pretty rough down there.
"It was a tough game which was a good thing for us at the moment.”
Magpies face competition front runners, Souths, next weekend before a week off.
Result
Mackay Magpies defeated Sarina Crocodiles 28-10.
When Harold Bloom published The American Religion in 1992, I was a college student at Brigham Young University, and I eagerly bought my own copy at the BYU bookstore. I didn't always recognize the early, gnostic brand of Mormonism Bloom celebrated, but I knew it was important that finally a cultural critic of national standing saw nothing especially shameful or revolting in my religion's astonishing nineteenth-century rise. Rather, according to Bloom, its imaginativeness made Mormonism a work of “authentic American genius,” an American original. Like jazz, perhaps.
Yesterday in the New York Times, Bloom returned to their affection for the “genius” of Joseph Smith, but this time in a bloated and platitudinous essay expressing (among other ill-defined sentiments) “dread” that Mitt Romney might gain the presidency and hence the now “plutocratic” LDS Church strengthen its grip. By my estimate, the dread-to-insight ratio in Bloom's tedious essay runs about 10 to 1.
Few would argue that the faith Mormons live today is as Joseph Smith imagined it, and I know plenty of Mormons who regret the corporate shape and bureaucratic priorities of the contemporary LDS Church. But successful religions do age, after all. And blaming the emergence of Mitt Romney on Mormonism's abandonment of its original nineteenth-century fervor is like blaming the rise of Joe Lieberman on Judaism's abandonment of the eighteenth-century Polish shtetl. If only the Hasidim had won, there would be no Lieberman, after all.
Indeed, what Bloom holds up as the legacy of Joseph Smith “betrayed” by modern Mormonism is a fantasy glimpse of the moment of the religion's inception. Mormon historian Ben Park reminded me in conversation yesterday that even Joseph Smith was dealing with the more mundane questions of organizational life by the mid-1830s, routinizing and establishing a multi-tiered organizational structure that persists to this day.
And modern Mormonism is as much the legacy of Church leaders like Brigham Young, the acknowledged architect of Mormonism's American West empire. Or Wilford Woodruff, who issued the order ending the this-worldly practice of Mormon polygamy that secured Utah's statehood and set Mormonism on a path towards national integration. Or David O. McKay, the twentieth-century LDS Church president, who dramatically expanded the Church's worldwide missionary program and reduced Mormonism's eccentric theological energies into a single correlated program of instruction.
Indeed, what makes contemporary Mormonism powerful is not the imaginative whimsy of its original doctrines but the sense of order and stability it offers to 14 million members around the globe. Mormon doctrine, the bureaucratized Church administration, and everyday lived emphases on preparedness and orthodoxy constitute an architecture of reassurance. And what others consider the audacious doctrine of eternal progression (often derided as the Mormon belief in “getting our own planets”) is actually a projection of the hunger for everyday stability (vested in the nuclear family) onto the eternities.
But Harold Bloom cannot write authoritatively about Mormonism since 1840. Because aside from a short season of “wandering” (as they describe it) about “the Southwest from 1989 to 1991” they do not know it. And while it's terrific to see opinion page coverage of Mormonism at the Times move beyond Maureen Dowd's sneering recap of Bill Maher's latest stand-up routine, it would also be terrific to see the nation's paper of record solicit its Mormon content from some of the nation's most knowledgeable interpreters of Mormon political experience, like Penn's Sally Gordon or Vanderbilt's Kathleen Flake.
For those who tell the Mormon story best know that there is nothing exceptionally peculiar in Mormonism's transition from renegade frontier religious movement to bureaucracy. Its mainstreaming and bureaucratization is as American a story as its origins. Intoning darkly the most sensational aspects of Mormon belief, a rhetorical tactic in which Bloom borrowed much from Hitchens—they tithe! they don't allow non-Mormons (or less observant Mormons, in fact) in LDS temples! they believe they might become like God! very spooky!—only serves to alienate and antagonize Mormons.
It does not, however, grapple seriously with the even more ominous American crisis that makes a plodding, numbers-crunching, job-destroying suit like Mitt Romney (his record scrutinized in a sobering article on the Sunday Times's front page) not only a plausible expression of modern Mormonism but one of the most plausible candidates for U.S. president.
This post has been changed from the original to correctly identify Woodruff.
The Gentlemen from Malta Published: 2017 December 20
This week saw the publication of a report by the Guardian about Kevin Ellul-Bonici,[1] a longtime associate of Nigel Farage, who has worked for Farage and the Europe of Freedom and Direct Democracy (EFDD) group at the EU parliament. Ellul-Bonici achieved a degree of notoriety when, in 2014, they and three companions distributed hundreds of copies of a book at the EU parliament as part of a Russian active measure that sought to smear Lithuanian President Dalia Grybauskaitė as a one-time KGB asset. An investigation by the EU parliament at the time identified two of Ellul-Bonici's partners as a Russian, a Polish citizen born in Moscow. The fourth was never identified. [2][3] Given Nigel Farage's relationship with Kevin Ellul-Bonici, Farage's involvement in Brexit, mounting evidence of Kremlin involvement in supporting Brexit,[4] Farage's relationship with Donald Trump,[5] and all that we know now regarding Kremlin interference in the US presidential election, this 2015 EU parliament incident appears rather more interesting than it may have seemed at the time. Which brings us to the other gentleman from Malta.
The cartoonist's homepage, pnj.com/opinion (Photo: Andy Marlette / Pensacola (Fla.) News Journal)
Constitutional Convention could cause more harm
In a March 28 letter, a writer stated “A person would have to be blind, deaf and dumb not to be aware that our federal government is on a dangerous course.” They also state that “There is a tsunami of discontent growing in America” (“Amendments needed for reform”).
I agree with these statements, but they then recommends a Constitutional Convention to remedy this. That is where I strongly disagree.
Most advocates of a Constitutional Convention miss its extreme dangers.
I see a high probability of most of the same people now in office being elected as delegates to this convention. Other people elected would probably have the backing of special-interest groups.
I must point out that a Constitutional Convention can change any or all of the present Constitution and its amendments. If it chooses to, it can repeal freedom of the press (First Amendment).
It can mandate or ban any or all religions (First Amendment). It can choose to remove the right to bear arms (Second Amendment). It can choose to remove the right of a citizen to be secure from unreasonable searches and seizures (Fourth Amendment), and “the right to a speedy and public trial” may be removed (Sixth Amendment).
Our present method of amending the Constitution is safe and reasonable and does not run the risks of a convention. A Constitutional Convention could create massive government control or a total lack of control. We must fear and avoid a convention at all costs.
Ralph Schwartz
Poughkeepsie
Trump much like another controversial public figure
It seems that the liberal group-thinkers have decided that Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump's antics are an affront to rational discourse, and their use of the media is antithetical to the proper course of political campaigning.
Really?
Summarizing the charges and resentments against Mr. Trump that these “great minds” bring forward, we find:
“The Donald” is a well-dressed, well-coiffed, forceful demagogue, with seemingly unlimited financial resources; their arguments are not always well-grounded nor consistent; their language is often incendiary, and their calls to action involve programs and initiatives that rarely have real possibility of being implemented. They foment — if not outright encourages — rage among their adherents that spills into confrontation and violence, while they manage to stay above the actual fray. (“I would never condone violence, but....insert excuse for the stated violence!”).
Their appearances are not directed toward speeches and reasoned plans, but are “rallies” to inflame the multitudes that believe “the system” does not heed their concerns, and only by banding together and exercising methods — legal and illegal — can they enact changes in their condition, even if needing near-extortionate methods to do so.
Am I being fair?
Therefore, they resent them not for their actions, which on their face would be ineffective as political tactics, but for plagiarizing the methods of one of the not-quite-mainstream liberal icons that has helped create the society in which we live.
I give you, then, Donald Trump, the white, right-wing version of the liberal-venerated Rev. Al Sharpton!
Richard J. Ceonzo
LaGrange
Despite odds, Sanders continues onward
I am stunned at the voting habits of the people of our nation.
I am saddened that Americans have lost their ability to discern what is best for them. I refer to Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump and Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton — one a billionaire, the other worth tens of millions of dollars.
Millionaires and billionaires are abounded in our government. Through the years, I have observed that the more money one acquires, two principles surface: Time spent making more money, or worrying about losing what they have.
Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders didn't enter this race because of power, control, or even being president. This man from Vermont, who has spoken and walked their talk their entire life, entered against all odds because they care deeply for the environment, the people, the poor, the downtrodden, seniors, infrastructure and free education. They offer an unusual commodity most no longer recognize — truth and sincerity. Despite recent losses, they keep on ticking like the Eveready battery. Darn. That's courage!
The media has programmed all to admire the image, not ‘see' with intuition and discernment the real person — allowed others to think for them, projecting their own brand of insincerity.
Capitalism working? Hardly. You see its demise everywhere.
Strange. Those who like Sanders are worried about socialism. Here are the names of eight countries considered the happiest being socially democratic: Switzerland, Denmark, Iceland, Norway, Canada, Finland, the Netherlands and Sweden.
Thank our “lucky stars” TV wasn't around when former President Abe Lincoln ran.
Joyce Benedict
Hyde Park
Get election coverage online
You can get all of the latest 2016 election coverage at https://www.poughkeepsiejournal.com/section/elections-2016/
This site, powered by USA Today, includes the latest news and many interactive pieces, such as a candidate match game so you can determine which candidate fits best with the issues and qualities you care most about.
Read or Share this story: http://pojonews.co/1SJivn6
Four years ago, my family faced a tragedy. My sister passed away after a long illness. We were all devastated, especially my mother. For years, they would appeal to faith to find comfort for the misfortunes of life. But this time around, they wouldn't. They even stop going to the church. “God betrayed me,” they repeated with great sadness. “I did pray to save her, but it didn't happen.” But could God have saved her? Is faith sufficient to cope with misfortunes life brings our way?
Trying to answer these questions, I revisited my high school philosophy books, the works of Plato, Aristotle, and Epictetus, in particular, who helped me develop a certain attitude towards life's misfortunes. Epictetus tell us to worry only about the things that are in our control, the things that can be influenced and changed by our actions, not about the things that are beyond our capacity to direct or alter. This rule, which is discussed in detail in the Ten Golden Rules I co-authored with Mike Soupios, summarizes several important features of ancient Stoic wisdom — features that remain powerfully suggestive for modern times. Most notably the belief in an ultimately rational order operating in the universe reflecting a benign providence that ensures proper outcomes in life. Thinkers such as Epictetus did not simply prescribe “faith” as an abstract philosophical principle; they offered a concrete strategy based on intellectual and spiritual discipline. The key to resisting the hardship and discord that intrude upon every human life, is to cultivate a certain attitude toward adversity based on the critical distinction between those things we are able to control versus those which are beyond our capacity to manage. The misguided investor may not be able to recover their fortune but they can resist the tendency to engage in self-torment. The victims of a natural disaster, a major illness or an accident may not be able to recover and live their lives the way they used to, but they too can save themselves the self-torment. In other words, while we cannot control all of the outcomes we seek in life, we certainly can control our responses to these outcomes and herein lies our potential for a life that is both happy and fulfilled.
Unfortunately no one is endowed with an unlimited supply of energy. Worrying about the things that are not in our control is wasteful and destructive. It consumes our energies, and tends to prolong and exacerbate misfortune. Understanding this simple premise of life and having the wisdom, the will, and the discipline to focus on the things we can control, while steering away from the things we cannot control is the basis for allocating our energies efficiently and effectively, and living in harmony and peace with ourselves and with our environment.
One of the things not in our control, but in the control of nature, is aging, and eventually death, the final act of our being. Some people will die at an earlier age from accidents and illnesses, while others will die at a later age from natural causes, but one day, we all die. This rule has no exceptions.
The Bottom Line: No one can realistically provide cure-alls for the emotional stresses and the traumas that life inevitably inflicts upon us. By dwelling upon the irretrievable, we not only guarantee many sleepless nights, we also drain precious energy and focus away from the things we can remedy. That's why I prompted my mother to go back to church.
Also read:
Three Ways to Become Rich -- One-Way to Live the Good Life
The Ten Golden Rules
Colovaginoplasty / Colon Section Surgery
Report dead links or provide additional information
Introduction
A colovaginoplasty, also known as colon section, is an operation where a vagina is created by cutting away a section of the sigmoid (descending) or ascending colon and using it to form a vaginal lining 1.
This surgery has been performed on females with Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome (AIS) where non-invasive forms of lengthening the vagina cannot be done although there appears to be little evidence that genital surgery on children/infants is successful 2.
More often this procedure is performed on adult male-to-female transsexuals as an alternative to penile inversion (NB. penile inversions are often performed with an accompanying skin graft for greater depth with the donor skin taken from either the thigh or abdomen).
Due to numerous potential complications most surgeons will only recommend a colovaginoplasty when there is no alternative.
Headings on this page:
Advantages
Because the colon section is a mucous membrane, as are normal vaginal linings, a colon-lined vagina feels basically the same as a normal vagina to a partner.
The colon section provides a constant source of lubrication, reducing the need for additional lubrication during sex, although some additional lubrication may make for more comfortable sex.
With colovaginoplasties it is easy to ensure adequate vaginal depth.
A colon section is thicker than the skin of an amputated penis or skin graft, and therefore a patient is far less likely to suffer from a recto-vaginal fistula (communication between vagina and anus) than if a penile inversion is performed, especially if augmented by a skin graft.
The thickness of the colon section means that a patient is less likely to incur damage during vigorous sex than with penile inversion.
There is no need for a skin graft addition to improve vaginal depth as is often required when a penile inversion is performed, so the patient is spared the associated pain or scarring caused by the grafts.
Having a colovaginoplasty can save a M2F transsexual from requiring expensive, tedious and painful genital electrolysis prior to surgery.
Top
Disadvantages
The surgery is more invasive than alternatives and an additional scar on the abdomen results from the removal of the colon section. This can be minimised if you have a skilled surgeon performing this procedure using keyhole surgery. Some surgeons create a lateral scar which resembles that which occurs after caesarian childbirth.
In the case of females with Androgen Insensitivity Syndrome (AIS) if any vaginal opening is present at all, it is preferable to increase depth via dilation than surgery, if possible.
Colovaginoplasties cost more than penile inversions for M2F transsexuals.
Patients must be "Nil by Mouth" for approx 8 days after surgery.
There can be post-operative complications if the colon "shuts down", and if left unchecked results in extremely unpleasant short-term side effects of painful abdominal swelling, extreme nausea and regular vomiting. If this occurs, a nasal-gastric tube (NG tube) should be inserted and regular evacuations (aspirations) be performed until the colon normalises (generally 2-3 days).
The colon's constant lubricating action has some unpleasant results: In theory, the colon is self-cleaning, passing out secretions and tissue & blood residue. In practice, this does not always happen and a foul-smelling faecal-like buildup can occur requiring regular douches (eg. every 1 to 2 weeks or so). Often, after douching, not all of the residue is cleaned out, resulting in temporary "vaginal incontinence" (usually for 1 - 3 hours), during which time the person will need to use heavy pads (incontinence pads can be used too) and it's wise to stay at home to avoid embarrassment. Often this sudden flow is preceded by slight nausea. The constant lubrication means that the vaginal area is always wet, greatly increasing the chance of candida and accompanying urinary tract infections. Regular changes of underwear (more than once daily) and/or use of panty liners is needed to ensure the vaginal area is kept clean and as dry as possible. Note that the sigmoid, or descending, colon produces more lubrication than the ascending colon. The mucous produced by the colon section is of a thicker consistency (ie. "gluggy") than that of a natural vagina.
Unless the surgery is performed skillfully, a colovaginoplasty vagina can appear obviously constructed, as though the vaginal entrace has prolapsed, with the bright pink end of the colon section clearly visible and contrasting to the rest of the vagina (as per pictures).
The diameter of a penis you are able to accommodate post-op varies according to your bone structure and your surgeon's skill. The colon is thicker than penile skin (in the case of choosing a penile inversion). This means that if you have a bone structure that only allows for a narrow vagina, having a colovaginoplasty will make you narrower still. There is also a strong risk of shrinkage at the anastomosis between colonic and genital tissue, which may lead to stenosis of the vagina 3
You can experience chronic pain / neuromas at the junction where the colon section is sewn to the body and prevent you from enjoying sex. One common problem for such patients is painful spasm of the grafted piece of colon during or after intercourse. In some cases surgery to remove the neuromas may alleviate the problem. In regard to spasms, which can also occur: "Some success has been reported using loperamide in such cases, although very often the problem seems to persist". 4
Pictures (Warning: these pictures are graphic and not viewed by minors or those who are squeamish)
Links / References
Top
Copyright / Disclaimer / Age Warning
· Copying this page: I cannot gurantee that this site will remain on the web indefinitely so I am happy for you to save this page (File-Save As) as a reference. However, the material and images within must not be mirrored or copied on another website without my permission (see Contact link below) so I can be satisfied that the information is being used constructively.
· Linking to and from this site: If you link to this site, please consider that it may be appropriate in certain circumstaces to link to the home page http://www.oocities.com/greta2501, with its warnings and disclaimers. I would also appreciate an email providing the URL of the page linking to this site. If you have a link that you feel would be helpful for me to add to this page, by all means let me know.
· Medical Disclaimer: I made this site to provide information which may assist those having undergone or considering this surgery. It is not meant to be a substitute for professional medical advice. This website cannot take any responsibility for any actions or decisions you make resulting from accessing the material provided here.
Click here to list all the links on this page
Contact Me
Top
I am getting sick and tired of listening to people say that Penn State has put football ahead of everything else and that this is part of the Penn State culture. That is HORSE MANURE!
As a Penn State faculty member, I have had athletes from practically every varsity sport in my classes and have never been asked (or has it been “suggested') that I make the slightest concession to anyone because they were a football player, or a member of any other varsity team. I cannot imagine Joe Paterno ever making such a request (nor can I imagine most faculty members acceding to such a request if they had ever received one – academic integrity is a pretty important issue at Penn State!).
On Monday, the same day that Mark Emmert of the NCAA was issuing sanctions and issuing their sanctimonious decree that Penn State should reform its culture and put academics ahead of football, the NCAA released the latest statistics on graduation rates of football players at large NCAA schools. Penn State is #1, and so far ahead academically of the next closest school in terms of graduating football players (and basketball players, by the way), including showing virtually no difference between white and black athletes, which the report noted was extremely rare, that
Emmert's comments appear ludicrous. Maybe the NCAA would like to hold Bobby Bowden (the new leader in NCAA football wins) and Florida State up as their paragon of academic virtue. Bobby Bowden was a great coach and is maybe a great person, but FSU did not recruit athletes on the basis of academic excellence and FSU was lucky to EVER have a football player or basketball player graduate.
The claims of the Freeh report, the NCAA, ESPN, and others claiming to describe the “culture” at Penn State ignore, in no particular order of priority, (1) the recent (2011) Wall Street Journal poll ranking Penn State #1 among employers nationally in terms of where they feel they find the highest quality college graduates as employees, (2) Penn State's ranking as the # 1 government research institution in the United States, (3) the previously mentioned ranking of # 1 in graduation rate among all student athletes, specifically football players, (4) a 2011 or 2012 ranking by a Cambridge University study ranking Penn State among the top 100 academic institutions IN THE WORLD, and on and on and on.
It is long past time that Rodney Erickson STOP accepting criticism of the Penn State culture as being entirely driven by the football program. That is simply crap!
Rodney Erickson appears to have adopted the “rope-a-dope” strategy of just absorbing punch after punch, hoping that the media, the NCAA, and the other anti-PSU crowd will wear themselves out. I find their endless concessions, and acceptance of these pronouncements about our “football culture,” to be a personal assault on my integrity and an assault on the integrity of everyone who is part of the Penn State family — faculty, administrators (perhaps other than Rodney Erickson), staff, and students. Everyone concedes that child abuse is a horrific crime. We don't need to be lectured on that.
One guy did it, and it is possible that a number of people (including, among others, Penn State administrators, various police agencies, child welfare agencies, various school administrators in Lock Haven and elsewhere, Second Mile administrators and board members, state prosecutors, etc.) screwed up in not following up as aggressively as maybe they should have (Whether this is actually the case depends a lot on what and who you believe. I think the Freeh report leaves a lot to be desired in terms of completeness, accuracy, and objectivity on this point.). The media has found something as appealing as Greek tragedy in this story and they will not let go. Someone needs to stand up and tell them that their description of the Penn State culture is a travesty, which it is! Erickson, and whoever he's listening to, don't seem to be the folks to do this.
From all indications so far, including reactions from newly elected trustees Anthony Lubrano and Adam Taliaferro, it appears that Erickson signed the NCAA consent decree without involvement or approval of the Board of Trustees. I don't believe that they have the unilateral authority to commit the University to this level of liability. If this is the case, they should probably be fired as quickly as the Board fired Graham Spanier. They have committed the University to what is estimated to be something in the range of $72 million dollars in penalties, loss of continuing revenue from its football program (the least of our worries), and – most seriously – undisputed damage to the reputation of the University which could be forever in recovering. The damage they have done, in my humble opinion, is far worse than anything Graham Spanier ever came close to doing.
Sorry. Enough of my rant. This has been keeping me up at night thinking about the injustices done to so many people associated with Penn State. I don't want to lessen or condone the wrongs done by Jerry Sandusky, but the level of attacks on Penn State associated with this atrocity, and the damage done to the University, its students, its faculty, its alumni, and ultimately to the world community served by this great academic institution, are simply unwarranted.
Your ad blocker is on. Please choose an option below.
Sign Up for our e-mail newsletter: OR Support quality journalism:
About the Author
East Renovation Continues With Approval For Sproul, Geary Halls Penn State's Board of Trustees approved the next phase of East Halls renovations at its meeting Friday, setting the stage for construction to begin on Sproul and Geary Halls.
The Syrian army is on the verge of fully liberating the “moderate rebel” stronghold of East Aleppo, causing a headache for western media, who have to report on the freedom of the city from years of war and tyranny through a biased perspective.
A tale of two headlines
Russia Insider reports:
As the Syrian army continues to drive into the “moderate rebel” stronghold of East Aleppo, responsible western news outlets have been faced with the daunting, seemingly impossible task of turning the liberation of tens of thousands of civilians into a dark day for humanity.
Even the reliably shameless BBC suffered from a temporary but serious lapse in editorial judgment, as Aleppo civilians rushed to areas of the city controlled by the Syrian army:
BBC's surprisingly honest headline got edited. Of course. #AleppoHostageCrisis. pic.twitter.com/KqVlnX2e9H — Lina Arabi (@LinaArabii) 28 November 2016
For the doubters, we're afraid this is not the work of a Russian Photoshop troll:
Geez, why would Aleppo civilians “into” Syrian government-controlled areas, anyway? Let's ask some Aleppo civilians:
Civilians fleeing East Aleppo:
“Rebels used us as human shields”pic.twitter.com/JotYwWXxx1 — Robin Monotti (@robinmonotti) 29 November 2016
Just remember, BBC:
When slitting your wrists, it's “down the highway, not across the road.”
By Rudy Panko / Rurrian Insider
For many Jews, the fact that Albert Einstein was Jewish is a point of pride. But what do we know about their Jewish self-identification? And how many folks out there could claim to have a basic understanding of their General Theory of Relativity? In Einstein: Their Space and Time, biographer Steven Gimbel tackles these and other fundamental aspects of Einstein's life and work. Gimbel is chairperson of the philosophy department at Gettysburg College. They spoke with Vox Tablet host Sara Ivry about Einstein's religious period (it came to an abrupt end when they discovered geometry at age 10), their clashes with all forms of authority, and their love of Israel, which fit uneasily with their profound distrust of nationalism. Gimbel also lays out the basic tenets of Einstein's achievements in physics in terms that will make even science-phobes comfortable.
A customer was encountering sporadic crashes in their 64-bit application, and upon investigation, the problem was traced to a misaligned RSP register. We saw some time ago that the Windows x64 calling convention requires the RSP register to be 16-byte aligned.
The customer traced the source of the misalignment to a third-party library they were using. They contacted the vendor, who acknowledged that they were not following the Windows x64 calling conventions, but explained that their code needs to run on multiple x64 operating systems, and since each operating system has different calling conventions, they adhere to none of them!
I was kind of boggled by this remark. Yes, it's frustrating that different operating systems have different calling conventions, but that doesn't mean that you are welcome to ignore them. Every region of the world has different laws regarding the operation of motorized vehicles, but that doesn't mean "My truck driver has to drive through all these different jurisdictions with different rules, so they follow none of them!"
In a little noticed development, the United States Department of Justice under Loretta Lynch basically told employers to ignore our laws or they would be committing an act of discrimination.
The Washington Examiner reports:
Justice Dept.: Firing migrant workers with expired papers is discrimination
The Justice Department released a video this week encouraging companies not to terminate immigrants after their employment authorization expires, and indicated that doing so is a form of discrimination.
Trending: CNN Told By South Korean Official: “Clearly Credit Goes To President Trump” (VIDEO)
The video is shot in a dimly lit office, where two actors discuss whether their fictional company should let go of some Salvadoran employees who have failed to provide updated paperwork on their immigration status.
After a discussion about whether retaining the workers would violate the law, a woman says, “I think this is an exception to that rule,” and recommends that they contact the the Office of Special Counsel for Immigration Related Unfair Employment Practices before making any decisions.
“We want to follow the rules but we don't want to lose these workers or discriminate against them,” they conclude. “They are too valuable.”
The video then tells viewers that the federal government has extended employment authorization by six months for people from El Salvador with Temporary Protected Status, a benefit designed to help foreign nationals who are considered unable to safely return to their home.
The Justice Department claims requesting additional work-authorization documents from these workers may violate a provision in the Immigration and Nationality Act (INA) designed to protect individuals from excessive employer demands based on their nationality.
This administration seems to be willing to just ignore laws it doesn't like in favor of social justice.
It's quite stunning.
San Francisco - The Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF) urged the U.S. Copyright Office today to protect the public's right to research and repair everything from phones to refrigerators to tractors, to support the right of people with print disabilities to convert media into an accessible format, and to restore users' rights to make fair and lawful uses of the software and media they buy.
EFF's comments are part of the Copyright Office's ongoing study into whether the “anti-circumvention” provisions of Section 1201 of the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (DMCA) are working for the public. Section 1201 bans anyone from accessing a copyrighted work when a technology like digital rights management software (DRM) is in place to block access. The law is meant to stop illegal copying, but instead, companies use digital locks in all sorts of products to obstruct those who want to look inside for any reason—blocking competition, innovation, security research, and other legal activities. To vindicate these activities, the public must resort to a burdensome exemption process that allows the digital locks to be broken in certain cases. EFF and a host of other public interest organizations must repeatedly plead for temporary exemptions that expire every three years. Moreover, the law expects users to figure out for themselves how to circumvent digital locks to take advantage of exemptions: no one is allowed to give them the technology to do so.
“We are surrounded by computerized devices: our cars, phones, appliances, and more. Software defines what we are able to do with these devices, whether they are safe and secure, and whether they collect or leak our most private information,” said EFF Staff Attorney Kit Walsh. “Right now, you could be sued or even jailed for trying to understand the software in your devices, or for helping others do the same. That has to change.”
The Copyright Office requested comment on whether Congress should permanently exempt certain activities from Section 1201 liability, or exempt software from the sweep of Section 1201. Exempting software would be progress, as would properly word exemptions for research, repair, and accessibility. In its comments, EFF encouraged the Copyright Office to move forward with these reforms and provided guidance on how to implement them effectively. These comments were supported by over 11,000 signers of a petition calling for reform.
The proposed exemptions should only be a starting point in reform of Section 1201, since they leave a wide range of speech and innovation at the mercy of the law and its flawed rulemaking process – including remix video, documentary filmmaking, media literacy education, or even basic household activities like backing up videos from a DVR or converting an e-book to work on your phone.
A bill in Congress, the Unlocking Technology Act, would protect everyone who wants to break digital locks for reasons that don't involve infringing copyright. This simple approach would restore the public's traditional rights to express themselves by building upon copyrighted works and to tinker with their property. It would also bring the law back in line with the limits required by the Constitution to accommodate free speech.
“Section 1201 is unconstitutional, violating the rights of American researchers, entrepreneurs, artists, and in the end, all of us, ” said EFF Senior Staff Attorney Mitch Stoltz. “It's been in place for 18 long years, and it's time for real reform.”
EFF is also challenging provisions of Section 1201 as unconstitutional restraints on free speech. EFF and the law firm of Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati represent security researcher Dr. Matthew Green, software developer Dr. Andrew “bunnie” Huang, and Alphamax LLC, who want to continue their work without legal threats.
For the full comments to the Copyright Office:
https://www.eff.org/document/comments-copyright-office-re-permanent-exemptions-1201
For more on DRM and the DMCA:
https://www.eff.org/issues/dmca-rulemaking
IDEAS Angeline Jackson is a human rights activist and executive director of Quality Citizenship Jamaica (QCJ).
In 2006, Time magazine called Jamaica “the most homophobic place on earth.” The country was experiencing excessive violence and hate crimes against gays and lesbians. Three years later, a friend and I were robbed and sexually assaulted in Jamaica. We are both lesbians. When I first reported the incident to the police, an officer told me I should “leave this lifestyle and go back to the church.” But I didn't. I reported the incident and testified against my assaulter. I became an advocate for other women like me.
In April, at a town hall meeting in Kingston, Jamaica, President Barack Obama included my story when they spoke about a generation that cares “less about the world as it has been, and more about the world as it should be and can be.” These two moments—when an official insulted me and when the U.S. president acknowledged me—show how far Jamaica has come in the last few years.
Although the LBGT community in Jamaica still faces challenges on many fronts, attitudes are changing, as detailed in a recent report from Human Rights First. Given this momentum, international partnerships and pressure on the government have the power to help change the lives of LBGT Jamaicans.
Jamaica's “anti-sodomy law,” a holdover from British colonial rule, criminalizes “the abominable crime of buggery” and acts of “indecency” between men. Few have been convicted under the law, but many uses it as pretext for unfairness and violence. Broadcasting companies have cited it when refusing to air ads promoting tolerance and respect for LGBT people. Dancehall music artists have used it to justify violent homophobic lyrics.
Many LGBT youth are forced to live on the streets after being kicked out of their homes. People can lose their jobs because of their sexual orientation or gender identity. Many avoid healthcare centers, even for HIV treatment, for fear of mistreatment. Mobs have attacked and even killed LGBT people. Few are investigated for these crimes, and even fewer are convicted.
Those with intersecting identities, such as lesbians, bisexual women, and transgender people seem to get a double dose of gendered violence and prejudice.
Overturning the “anti-sodomy law” requires not just a legal case but a transformation of social attitudes. Last year, threats forced activist Javed Jaghai to withdraw their challenge to the law. A 2011 poll found that about 76% of Jamaicans oppose amending the law. Even larger majorities believe that homosexuality is immoral.
But against this grim backdrop, there is hope. Officials including Public Defender Arlene Harrison Henry, Minister of Justice Mark Golding, and chair of the Jamaican National Family Planning Board Dr. Sandra Knight have spoken boldly in favor of the human rights of LGBT people. Reverend Margaret Fowler of United Church ministers to homeless LGBT youth and urges their congregation to do the same. Anglican priest Father Sean Major-Campbell has welcomed LGBT people into their church.
Just last month at a Human Rights First reception for International Day Against Homophobia, I stood next to reggae singer Etana, as they told a room full of people on Capitol Hill that we must work to make Jamaica a place that is safe for all people. Another prominent reggae singer Tanya Stephens has created constructive dialogue around the issue, and their song “Do You Still Care?” humanizes the experience of members of the LGBT community in Jamaica. A range of groups—including Quality of Citizenship Jamaica, J-FLAG, the Caribbean Vulnerable Communities Coalition, Pride in Action, Aphrodite's PRIDE, and the Colour Pink Group—also support the change.
Together, these leaders are changing the narrative around LGBT human rights in Jamaica.
Now is the perfect time for the United States to act. President Obama is very popular in Jamaica and could have a huge influence in promoting the rights of the country's LGBT people. Newly appointed Special Envoy for the Human Rights of LGBT Persons Randy Berry traveled to Jamaica last month. They should work to partner with Jamaica to combat homophobic violence and unfairness. The tourism industry and other U.S. businesses in Jamaica should also make changes to ensure that their LGBT customers and employees have access to a safe, supportive environment.
There's a Jamaican phrase, “Every mickle mek a muckle,” which means “Every little bit adds up.” I am looking forward to the day when LGBT Jamaicans can live freely thanks to the combined efforts of civil society and our partners to bring about “the world as it should be.”
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Here's and interesting news tidbit from Norway:
A new law came into force at the beginning of this year that stated that every cow in Norway had to have its own mattress to sleep on. This rather bizarre ruling from the Ministry of Agriculture is only partly about animal protection � there are sound economic reasons, too. If the cows are more comfortable, they do actually produce more milk.
It appears that, while cows do seem to be more comfortable on mattresses than plain concrete, more economical alternatives are available:
Respondents felt sand provided some advantages for cow comfort, while satisfaction with bedding cost and manure handling was higher with mattresses. Dairy Herd Improvement data showed no difference in milk production or somatic cell count for producers who chose sand or mattress?based free stalls.
Leave it to the Europeans to go for a new law, when the free market will serve better.
Teen tearjerker If I Stay (Cinema Score: A-) set the pace at the box office on Friday, but Guardians of the Galaxy may have enough fuel left to pass it and top the box office by Sunday night.
If I Stay, based on the novel of the same name by Gayle Forman and starring Chloë Grace Moretz, proved a draw for young audiences. Its $6.8 million opening day put it ahead of Marvel's latest blockbuster, which added an estimated $4.8 million to its domestic total of $239.1 million. But tracking suggests the lead for the YA adaptation directed by R.J. Cutler may not hold up over the next two days.
Coming in at No. 3 was the pizza-loving pack in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles with an estimated $4.54 million. Starring Megan Fox and Will Arnett, the comic book reboot has held strong for three weeks running, and its domestic total stands at an estimated $133.3 million. And there may be more in store for the half-shell heroes: the film has yet to open in international markets including Korea (Aug. 28), Spain and the U.K. (Oct. 17), and Japan (Dec. 19).
Fox comedy Let's Be Cops came in at No. 4 with $3.2 million, bringing its domestic total to an estimated $35.7 million—a boon for a film that cost a reported $17 million to produce. When the Game Stands Tall, a biopic about an inspirational high school football coach played by Jim Caviezel. The sports flick took in $3 million, rounding out the top five. But it still outpaced disappointing newcomer Sin City 2: A Dame to Kill For (Cinema Score B-), which came in at No. 6 with an estimated $2.6 million from 2,750 locations.
Here are the top five films:
1. If I Stay – $6.83 million (new)
2. Guardians of the Galaxy – $4.83 million ($239. 1 million total domestic total)
3. Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles – $4.54 million ($133.3 million total domestic total)
4. Let's Be Cops – $3.23 million ($37.5 million domestic total)
5. When The Game Stands Tall – $3.0 million (new)
Behind Sin City 2 at No. 7 was The Weinstein Company's The Giver at an estimated $2.1 million, followed by The Expendables 3 with $1.9 million (its estimated domestic gross currently stands at $22.8 million). Foodie flicks The Hundred-Foot Journey brought in $1.6 million on Friday, bringing its estimated domestic gross to $28.8 million.
Check back Sunday for full weekend estimates.
And just like that, tickets to the Tragically Hip's final Canadian concerts are gone.
Tickets to the Aug. 5 show at the MTS Centre in Winnipeg went on sale at 10 a.m. CT Friday and sold out in less than a minute.
Gord Downie, the lead singer and lyricist, announced in May they have terminal brain cancer but still plans to join their bandmates of more than 30 years for a summer tour.
'Really thought there was a chance'
Joanne Schiewe is also living with terminal brain cancer and has been trying to secure tickets for themselves and their boyfriend since Monday. When Downie announced their diagnosis, Schiewe praised the Hip frontman for remaining strong in the face of a similarly bleak diagnosis.
<a href="https://twitter.com/CBCMeaghanK">@CBCMeaghanK</a> There should really be a limit as far as pre-sale tickets, etc.. because I refreshed at 10 am, nothing. —@tylermcpherson7 <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/TragicallyHip?src=hash">#TragicallyHip</a> Winnipeg concert Aug 5 <a href="https://twitter.com/mtscentre">@mtscentre</a> sells out in under a minute. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/cbcmb?src=hash">#cbcmb</a> <a href="https://t.co/aosMzjFyHc">pic.twitter.com/aosMzjFyHc</a> —@HeatherWellsCBC No luck with <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/TragicallyHip?src=hash">#TragicallyHip</a> tix. <a href="https://t.co/YG2BAo4Heh">pic.twitter.com/YG2BAo4Heh</a> —@jenditchburn "I grew up listening to the Hip; I'm a huge fan from as long as I can remember," Schiewe said. "Gord Downie's diagnosis; I mean it's the same as mine. As much as they say this could be the last tour, this could potentially be my last time having the chance to see them play."
Schiewe said when they didn't secure presale tickets, they made the same plan as thousands of other fans to buy tickets Friday morning. Things didn't go as planned.
They clicked on the "Buy the best available seats" option at 10 a.m. CT when the tickets went on sale online and was met with the unfortunate news that they were all gone.
"It's disappointing. It's something that I've wanted to go to since they announced that they were coming to Winnipeg and doing their farewell tour," they said. "I really thought there was a chance I would actually be able to get tickets."
<a href="https://twitter.com/CBCMeaghanK">@CBCMeaghanK</a> Already sold out. Less than a minute. —@rtychonick <a href="https://twitter.com/ChrisDca">@ChrisDca</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/CBCMeaghanK">@CBCMeaghanK</a> <a href="https://t.co/DnFH5nEdV2">pic.twitter.com/DnFH5nEdV2</a> —@CSawisky <a href="https://twitter.com/CBCMeaghanK">@CBCMeaghanK</a> Was through at 30 seconds past 10am and nothing was available (not even single tickets) —@cplatt87
Lyne Morissette also said the tickets were all gone in a flash.
"I had my computer on the Ticketmaster page, watching the countdown" Morissette said in an email.
"As soon as the tickets became available, my computer automatically loaded the purchase page, I clicked 'Buy the best available' and nothing was left.
"I am incredibly frustrated.… It is my daughter's 15th birthday on June 14, and this is all they wanted for their birthday. They love the Tragically Hip, and this will be their only opportunity to see them in concert."
Fans frustrated coast to coast
Anthony Toews said they tried in both the fan club and American Express presales earlier this week and got shut down in both.
"It just seemed really odd that within five minutes there are no tickets at all," said Toews.
Anthony Toews says they tried to get Tragically Hip tickets in two presales. They say both times tickets were gone in less than five minutes. (CBC)
Out of curiosity, they went on Kijiji to see if it was ticket scalpers who scooped up the presale seats and said they found plenty at inflated prices.
"The frustrating thing is that you think somebody out there is making money off of — you know, Gord Downie has terminal brain cancer and somebody is using that to put money in their pockets," they said.
They aren't any luckier Friday morning.
After the tickets quickly sold out Friday on Ticketmaster, many people turned to StubHub to find tickets with jacked-up prices. The company says it will be donating proceeds from Hip ticket sales on its site to the Sunnybrook Foundation. (CBC) "Less than a minute, not a single ticket," Toews said.
As of 10:30 a.m. CT, tickets to the show available on StubHub were going for as much as $1,999 US.
<a href="https://twitter.com/CBCMeaghanK">@CBCMeaghanK</a> Many people on Kijiji looking for tickets. 10 mins ago someone posted 2 for sale @ $850. Awful. —@Baileyd63 BREAKING: Ticketmaster assures Tragically Hip fans that paying inflated prices on Stubhub is what Gord would have wanted <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/TragicallyHip?src=hash">#TragicallyHip</a> —@MrIanMacIntyre
True North Sports and Entertainment, which owns the Winnipeg Jets and the arena where the Hip will play in Winnipeg, said presale tickets for the band were the most in demand yet, beating out Elton John and Céline Dion.
A spokesperson said True North doesn't release the number of presale tickets made available. It cautions buyers to always purchase from Ticketmaster.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Paul Ryan loves charts. As chairperson of the House Budget Committee, the Wisconsin GOPer has cultivated a reputation as the consummate policy wonk, ready to wage ideological battle at the drop of the dime with an arsenal of tables and graphs. But Ryan's numbers don't always add up. And when they do, the results can be stunning. When Democrats tested arguments about their budget in focus groups, they found it difficult because voters refused to believe that a politician would actually propose, say, gutting Medicare to cut tax for the rich. The Center on Budget and Policy Priorities says it's “the largest redistribution of income from the bottom to the top in modern U.S. history.”
Here's a guide to Paul Ryan's balance sheet, by the numbers.
1.) Ryan's public image is that of a “deficit hawk,” constantly looking for inefficiencies and unnecessary programs. But that's a recent invention. As a member of congress, Ryan has played a key part in the ballooning federal deficit over the last decade. They voted for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, Medicare Part D, the implementation and extension of the Bush tax cuts, the 2008 stimulus, the auto bailout, and TARP:
2.) The New Republic‘s Jonathan Cohn writes that under the 2011 Ryan budget, “[g]overnment would be so starved of resources that, by 2050, it wouldn't have enough money for core functions like food inspections and highway maintenance.” That sounds like hyperbole, but it's not. The Ryan budget pledges to reduce non-entitlement expenditures from 12 percent of GDP to just 3.5 percent—all while somehow increasing defense spending:
3.) What specifically would get axed under the Ryan budget? They don't say. That allows them to sidestep charges that, for instance, they would eviscerate funding for popular programs like Pell Grants. But the CBPP's analysis suggests that whatever route Ryan takes, it's a guarantee that the discretionary cuts would mostly hurt the poor:
4.) As Suzy Khimm explained in MoJo last year, the Ryan budget curbs Medicaid and Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) spending “not by finding efficiencies but by slashing benefits, cutting payments to providers, and reducing access to the program.” According to an Urban Institute study commissioned by the Kaiser Family Foundation, the number of people eligible for the federal health care program could be cut by more than 50 percent:
Here's what that means as a percentage of overall GDP:
5.) Political pundits have already expended gallons of ink pondering the impact of the Ryan pick in states with high numbers of senior citizens, like Florida, Iowa, and Pennsylvania. But the Ryan budget leaves today's elderly voters mostly unscathed; it's everyone else who gets the axe. The Congressional Budget Office calculated that under the 2011 Ryan plan, the government's contribution to health care would not keep up with the increase in health costs and increases in insurance prices. That means seniors would be responsible for almost twice as much of the tab:
Put another way:
6.) As Alec MacGillis notes, Ryan's 2012 budget “promotes saving by eliminating taxes on interest, capital gains, and dividends,” in addition to repealing the estate tax (“death tax,” in GOP parlance). That's on top of the proposed permanent continuation of the Bush tax cuts. Interest, capital gains, and dividends don't mean much to low-income earners. But it's a huge boost for the one percent—and more specifically for Mitt Romney, whose tax rate would drop to close to zero. (He still gets fresh income from book sales and speaking fees.) Here's the breakdown on how much after-tax income would increase, percentage-wise, for each quintile, under the Ryan Budget:
The only people paying more are those who afford it least.
The Romney campaign has already signaled that its candidate intends to distance himself, at least rhetorically, from the Ryan budget. But given Romney's previous embrace of the proposal—and their new, literal embrace of the man behind it—you can see why the Obama campaign seems to be licking its lips at the chance to run against Romney–Ryan.
Brendan Taylor during their century in the first ODI against New Zealand, after Zimbabwe were 21 for 4 © AFP
In the first one-day international between Zimbabwe and New Zealand in Harare, Brendan Taylor scored a century after their team had been reduced to 21 for 4. We decided to find out what the lowest scores were for the fall of each wicket in innings that contained a century.
The Sydney Cricket Ground, February 12, 2006. Sri Lanka were 1-0 up in the best-of-three finals of the triangular series in Australia, and they reduced the hosts to 10 for 3 in the second match.
Andrew Symonds joined Ricky Ponting in the fourth over and they set about orchestrating a marvellous turnaround. Ponting had scored 124 when they departed in the 41st over, with Australia on 247, and Symonds remained unbeaten on 151 off 127 balls after firing their team to 368 for 5. Muttiah Muralitharan was hammered for 99 without a wicket, the worst ten-over spell in ODIs at the time.
Tunbridge Wells, June 18, 1983. India were 9 for 4 and 17 for 5 against World Cup debutants Zimbabwe. Enter Kapil Dev, who played the greatest international innings not seen by anyone outside the venue, because the match wasn't televised. Kapil scored 175 off 138 balls, hitting 16 fours and six sixes, to lead India to 266 for 8. They eventually won by 31 runs. No century has been scored in an innings in which the fourth wicket has fallen at a lower score.
Two days before Kapil's 175 rescued India, Imran Khan had pulled Pakistan out of trouble against Sri Lanka at Headingley. Pakistan struggled against the moving ball after they were sent in, and were floundering at 43 for 5. Imran and Shahid Mahboob then added 144 for the sixth wicket and Imran remained unbeaten on 102 as Pakistan reached 235 for 7. Sri Lanka were on course for victory at 162 for 2 before they lost 4 for 4 and collapsed to 224.
Viv Richards' 189 not out, which stood for nearly 13 years as the highest individual score in ODIs, was made after West Indies were in strife at Old Trafford in May 1984. Richards walked out with West Indies on 11 for 2 and watched batsmen come and go as the innings collapsed to 98 for 6 and then 107 for 7. They then added 59 for the eighth wicket with Eldine Baptiste, who made 26, and 106 with the No. 11, Michael Holding, whose contribution was 12, as West Indies surged to 272 for 9. England were routed for 168 in their chase.
Russel Arnold made only one ODI century, but what an innings it was. Sri Lanka were reduced to 103 for 7 in the first ODI in Bulawayo in 1999 and Arnold was batting with Pramodya Wickramasinghe. They added 57 for the eighth wicket after which Wickramasinghe and Muttiah Muralitharan fell quickly. Arnold put on 51 more with Sajeewa de Silva to lead Sri Lanka to 213. Their first 50 had come off 86 balls and their second off 34, and they finished on 103. Zimbabwe were dismissed for 200 in their chase.
Yusuf Pathan is presently out of India's one-day set-up, after poor performances in the 2011 World Cup and in the West Indies, but in January this year they produced the sort of innings only they can. Chasing 268 in 46 overs, India were finished at 119 for 8 at SuperSport Park, or so everyone thought. Yusuf began to swing and cleared the boundary eight times during a 70-ball 105. While they were doing their thing, India had an outside chance, but Yusuf fell with the score on 219 in the 36th over. India were all out for 234.
Eden Park, January 11, 2003. New Zealand had made 199 for 9 and India were cruising during the chase, having reached 142 for 1 in the 33rd over, when wickets began to fall. Virender Sehwag had scored 112 out of 182 when they were dismissed in the 42nd over, with only 18 needed to win. India then went into a spectacular freefall, losing 6 for 16 before Ashish Nehra hit the winning runs off the penultimate delivery.
The lowest total (where a team has been dismissed) to contain a century is Australia's 191 at Eden Park in March 2000. Damien Martyn opened the innings and scored their maiden ODI century, making 116 off 135 balls. They remained unbeaten, too, as their team-mates collapsed around him. Adam Gilchrist's 22 was the next best score, as Australia were dismissed in 46.2 overs. New Zealand won by seven wickets and with nine overs to spare.
Travis Basevi is a cricket statistician and UK Senior Programmer for ESPNcricinfo and other ESPN sports websites. George Binoy is an Assistant Editor at ESPNcricinfo
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
If you are a teacher, no doubt you picked your profession based on your love of children and education and not for the money. Starting teacher salaries aren't that high and if you're also dealing with the burden of student loans, that salary may seem lower still. But there are some great programs teachers can use to get their loans forgiven or cancelled simply by doing their job. If you are a teacher, this is great news. And if you are a degreed professional suffering under the weight of student loans, this could be an inducement to consider a career change to teaching.
There are both federal and state programs that can help forgive and cancel out student loans and the great news is that many state programs allow you to double-dip and utilize multiple avenues at once to maximize the amount of student loans you can unload in exchange for teaching. Without a great plan, student loans stand as little a chance of forgiveness as Lance Armstrong. Here are the four ways teachers can get student loans forgiven or cancelled:
1. Federal Public Service Loan Forgiveness (PSLF)
I'll start with the worst of the programs… PSLF came online in 2007 as a way to encourage people to work in full-time public service jobs. This program forgives eligible federal student loans – by eligible they mean William D. Ford Direct Loans (including direct subsidized loans, direct unsubsidized loans, direct PLUS loans and direct consolidation loans). Though the program was implemented five years ago, not a single penny of student loan balances has been forgiven. Check out these PSLF eligibility requirements and you'll quickly see why:
– Before any of your loans will be forgiven, you must make 120 on-time, full amount, monthly payments on your direct loans.
– Only payments made after 10/1/2007 qualify.
– You must have been working full-time at a qualifying public service organization (schools count) when the payments were made.
That means you must have made 10 years worth of student loan payment while working in public service. And with a start date of October 2007, no forgiveness will start until October 2017. To my thinking, that's not much of an inducement to work in public service. But if you are a teacher and still owe money come 2017, this could be a good program for you! You can access the PSLF certification form here.
2. Federal Teacher Loan Forgiveness
This program is aimed at encouraging people to become and remain teachers. If you work for consecutive full years in a qualifying school, you could have up to $17,500 of student loans forgiven. This program is good for loans established after 10/1/1998 but you can't be in default. At least one of your five years of teaching must have been after the 1997-1998 academic year. Eligible loans include direct subsidized and unsubsidized student loans, Stafford subsidized and unsubsidized student loans. Here are the eligibility requirements for the teacher loan forgiveness program:
– The school you teach at must be in a district that qualifies for Title I'm funding.
– The school must have more than 30% of enrollment qualified for Title I service.
– The school must be listed in a directory of qualifying schools published by the government.
– If your school qualifies in one of the five years, but not the others, you are likely still eligible.
– As an alternative, you can work at a qualifying educational service agency.
The amount of forgiveness varies. Most teachers can have $5,000 of loans forgiven. But you can have up to $17,500 of your student loans forgiven if you are a “highly qualified” math or science teacher at a secondary school or a “highly qualified” special education teacher working with disabled children in your area of specific training. You can get an application for the Teacher Loan Forgiveness program here.
3. Federal Perkins Loan Cancellation Program
The Federal Perkins loan cancellation program is much more lenient in how much of your student loans it will cancel out. You can have up to 100% of your Federal Perkins loan forgiven. Better yet, you only have to teach full time for one full academic year (or two consecutive half years within a 12 month period) to see some benefit. For the first two years, you can have 15% cancelled each year. For years three and four, you can have 20% cancelled each year. For year five, you can have the final 30% of your loans cancelled. Here are the eligibility requirements for the Perkins loan cancellation program:
– You can teach in a school that serves low-income families; or
– You can be a special education teacher (including infants and toddlers); or
– You can teach in math, science, foreign language, bilingual education or any other field your state has determined is in shortage.
You can also qualify for teaching at a private school if it's a nonprofit. You can qualify if you teach part-time at multiple schools so long as you meet the other requirements. Preschool and PreK teacher can qualify if the state you teach in considers these part of their elementary education program. To find out if your school qualifies as low-income, check this database. The amount cancelled each year also includes all interest that accrued that year. To get the application form for this program, contact the office at your alumni institute that administers the Federal Perkins Loan program.
4. State and City Sponsored Loan Forgiveness Programs
There are loads of state sponsored student loan forgiveness programs. In fact, there are way too many to list here. The good news is, the American Federation of Teachers (AFT) has compiled a searchable database of loan forgiveness programs, grants, awards and classroom donation programs. You can specify loan forgiveness, select your grade level, your subject area and state and you can see what student loan forgiveness and cancellation programs are available in your state. Your local school board should be able to provide you information on any county or city funded forgiveness programs. In the meantime, while you're searching for forgiveness and cancellation programs, it's wise to consult an expert to help you manage your student loans to optimize your debt.
100
530 Shares
While squats are considered the king of all barbell exercises, the deadlift is a close second. Many will argue that there is no greater test of raw strength than deadlift pulling power.
This article will take a detailed look at the history of the deadlift, as well as present you with current deadlift world records.
The Early Years of the Deadlift – Goerner and Peoples
The history of the barbell deadlift can be traced back to Hermann Goerner circa 1910 to 1920. While Hermann was not the first man to perform this lift, they brought the deadlift into the public spotlight.
At 6′, 290 pounds, Hermann Goerner was a deadlift master. They trained every possible variation, from the one finger deadlift, to the one-handed deadlift, and of course the conventional two-handed deadlift.
Goerner's best 4 finger deadlifts was a whopping 596 pounds. Goerner was also credited with a 728 double overhanded deadlift, and an 830 pound deadlift using an over-under grip. These lifts were unofficial.
Prior to 1946, the official deadlift world record was 650 pounds. In September, 1946, deadlift legend Bob Peoples broke that record by pulling an incredible 651 pounds while weighing a mere 175 pounds.
On October 4th, 1947 Bob Peoples become the first man in history to officially deadlift 700 pounds. In 1949, at a bodyweight of 181 pounds, Bob Peoples broke their own record by pulling 725.75 pounds.
The Amazing John Terry
Though Bob People's deadlift numbers were unheard of, they were not the only potent deadlifter of their era. John Terry of the York, Pennsylvania Barbell Club managed a deadlift of 610 pounds while weighing a mere 132 pounds. This deadlift was pound for pound the strongest in the world.
The Modern Era – Ben Coat to Andy Bolton
Bob Peoples held the deadlift record for 12 years. In October of 1961, Canadian Ben Coats became the first man in history to deadlift 750 pounds. They did so at a bodyweight of 270 pounds. A mere 8 years later in 1969, American Don Cundy smashed the 800 pound barrier by deadlifting 801 pounds at a bodyweight of 275 pounds.
During the 1970s and 1980s, deadlift records continued to fall. In 1975, powerlifting legend Vince Anello became the first man in history to deadlift over 800 pounds while weighing under 200 pounds. They were able to pull 805 pounds at a bodyweight of 198.
Later that year Anello bested their own record, hitting an 809 pound pull at a bodyweight of 198. By 1977, Vince Anello was able to pull 811 pounds, but at a bodyweight of 220 pounds. By November of 1978, their weight was back down to 198 pounds. It was during this time that Vince pulled an amazing 815 pounds.
Big Men, Little Men – Amazing Deadlift Numbers
Vince Anello wasn't the only deadlifting stud from their era. The 1970s also witnessed amazing pulls by some of the biggest and smallest lifters in the history of powerlifting.
In 1974, 123 pounds deadlifter Mike Cross managed a 549 pound pull, while 148 pounder Don Blues was deadlifting 625 pounds. That same year 242 pound deadlifter John Kuc ripped an incredible 849 pounds off the floor.
One year later, in 1975, 350 pounds behemoth Don Reinhoudt deadlifted a mind-blowing 881 pounds.
Deadlift records continued to fall throughout the rest of the 70s. In 1979, Lamar Gant deadlifted 617 pounds while weighing only 123.
1982 saw the first 900 pound deadlift in the history of powerlifting. On December 12th of that year, 295 pound Dan Wohleber set an all-time world record of 904 pounds.
Wohleber's pull was not the only amazing feat of the 80s. Lamar Gant also managed a 682 pound deadlift while competing in the 132 pound class. This record still stands today.
Along Came Ed Coan and Andy Bolton
By 1984, Ed Coan began making a name for himself. They pulled 788 pounds at a bodyweight of 181. By 1985 Ed was competing in the 198 pound class and deadlifting 859 pounds.
6 years later, on July 28th, 1991, Ed Coan pulled arguably the best deadlift in the history of powerlifting – 901 pounds at a bodyweight of 220.
15 years later, Andy Bolton hoisted an unbelievable 1003 pounds of the ground and changed the world of deadlifting forever.
Current Deadlift World Records
114 Pound Class – E. Sajeeva Bhaskaran: 573.2 pound deadlift
– E. Sajeeva Bhaskaran: 573.2 pound deadlift 123 Pound Class – Lamar Gant: 639.3 pound deadlift
– Lamar Gant: 639.3 pound deadlift 132 Pound Class – Lamar Gant: 683.4 pound deadlift
– Lamar Gant: 683.4 pound deadlift 148 Pound Class – Dan Austin: 705.5 pound deadlift
– Dan Austin: 705.5 pound deadlift 165 Pound Class – Oleksandr Kutcher: 793.7 pound deadlift
– Oleksandr Kutcher: 793.7 pound deadlift 181 Pound Class – Giovanni Brunazzi: 793.7 pound deadlift
– Giovanni Brunazzi: 793.7 pound deadlift 198 Pound Class – Ed Coan: 859.8 pound deadlift
– Ed Coan: 859.8 pound deadlift 220 Pound Class – Ed Coan: 901.7 pound deadlift
– Ed Coan: 901.7 pound deadlift 242 Pound Class – Yuriy Fedorenko: 892.9 pound deadlift
– Yuriy Fedorenko: 892.9 pound deadlift 275 Pound Class – Konstantin Konstantinovs: 948 pound deadlift
– Konstantin Konstantinovs: 948 pound deadlift 308 Pound Class – Konstantin Konstantinovs: 939.2 pound deadlift
– Konstantin Konstantinovs: 939.2 pound deadlift 308+ Pound Class – Benedikt Magnusson: 1015 pound deadlift
Orlando City SC looks for its first win in the month of May in a home match against New York City FC.
.@OrlandoCitySC is still gracious in defeat. Team walks to about the top of the box to thank fans.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
85′: SUBSTITUTION. Thomas McNamara comes on for Villa.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
49 and counting… pic.twitter.com/oCci46Bl3V — New York City FC (@NYCFC) May 22, 2017
83': GOAL. Ball is chipped over the defense to Villa, who strikes it for a 3-0 @NYCFC lead.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
80′: SUBSTITUTION. Miguel Camargo comes on for Jack Harrison.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
80′: Rivas fired that free kick into the stands. It went close to 50 yards.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
79′: Rivas will take a free kick on this set piece.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
Orlando City is stringing together some attacking efforts. Just need to find chances on goal now.#ORLvNC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
78′: MPG ▶️ Sutter ▶️ Rivas' head in the box, but it misses wide.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
77′: Johnson half-volleys it toward goal, but it goes wide left. MPG started the effort from the right flank.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
75′: SHOT. Gil makes an immediate impact as soon as they come in. Unloads a rocket on goal that is deflected by Johnson.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
75′: SUBSTITUTION. Luis Gil comes on for Cristian Higuita.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
73′: Luis Gil looks like he's about to come into the game. Has some words with Kreis beforehand.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
71′: SHOT. Jack Harrison gets a shot off from the right part of the box. Bendik is there for the diving save.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
67′: MPG finds Toia near the back post for a headed attempt, but it's deflected out.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
64′: Larin bounces the shot off the crossbar. That kind of night for the Lions.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
63′: PENALTY. Riva gets a GREAT pass into Sutter, who gets taken down in the box. Larin to take the PK.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
61′: Great hustle by Rivas still. Contests the pass back to a CB, then contests the pass to the goalie.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
Orlando City hasn't looked much different in 2nd half. Slow-developing actions, no production in the attack.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
57′: Sliding challenge stops Larin. It's a throw-in for Orlando City, but that attack was short-lived.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
56′: Free-kick chance into Orlando's box is gathered cleanly on the hop by Bendik.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
Close! @mmoralezoficial almost makes it 3-0 as #NYCFC keep up the momentum after halftime… pic.twitter.com/pNKP4XUPLo — New York City FC (@NYCFC) May 22, 2017
55′: SHOT. Moralez has space at the top of Orlando's box and unloads on Bendik's net. Bendik is there. Corner coming.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
Kaka is playing more on the flank this half. Looks like Orlando is playing a 4-4-2. It's a flatter formation, for sure.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
49′: SHOT. Riva finds some space at the top of @NYCFC‘s box and rips 1 into the stands.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
“Don't Stop Believin'” is playing in the stadium now… 🙄🙄#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
HALFTIME: @NYCFC 2, @OrlandoCitySC 0. Villa has a PK, Wallace has the other goal. Teams exit the pitch to roar of boos.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
45'+: YELLOW. Moralez gets booked for their takedown from behind on Will Johnson.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
45′: CHANCE. Nocerino maintains possession after the cleared corner. Toia sends it back in, and Larin's header is stopped.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
45′: Sutter deflects it off a couple @NYCFC players for a corner from the right.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
43′: Nocerino, Villa exchange some words after Nocerino fouls the Spaniard.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 22, 2017
40′: Nocerino fouls Moralez about a yard outside Orlando City's box. Villa will take it.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
Also, RJ Allen came on for Ethan White after the goal.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
38′: Johnson goes down inside @NYCFC‘s box, and the crowd erupts again.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
@rodwallace22 @EthanWhite15 Doubling up! @rodwallace22 slides in at the back post to score their fourth goal for #NYCFC… pic.twitter.com/MFtIzOlBJS — New York City FC (@NYCFC) May 21, 2017
35′: GOAL. Rodney Wallace scores on the back-post. Replay shows they were pretty offside.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
34′: YELLOW. Rivas are booked for their foul on Villa. Ref didn't hesitate. Crowd begins “Ref, you suck!” chants.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
34′: Kaka tried to slide it into Nocerino. The Italian wants a PK after they fell. Riva fouls Villa right after.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
32′: Sutter, Toia combine for a great defensive stop. 1st the slide tackle by Sutter, then the headed clear by Toia.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
Rivas' pace and effort in the attack has given them chances to cross into Larin. They'll probably connect later on.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
28′: Corner from the left for Orlando City. Rivas tried to cross it into Larin again, but it's deflected.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
27′: Ethan White gets a hamstring (?) massage on the sideline to stop play. They come back on.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
25′: Rivas rockets the ball into the box to Larin, but it's just a few feet too far in front.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
23′: Ensuing corner is eventually cleared. Cross back in by Sutter is cleared too.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
22′: Rivas jumps on the bad pass and crosses it to Larin, who forces a corner on the header.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
21′: Would-be 1-on-1 attempt b/w Bendik and Wallace is negated by the offside call.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
This is the 2nd time this season that Orlando has trailed at home. Also the 1st time @NYCFC has scored here too.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
19′: YELLOW. Mikey Lopez gets the 1st booking of the game for their challenge on @KAKA.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
18′: Kaka goes down near on the left flank, and the crowd takes exception to that.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
13′: HANDBALL. @KAKA gets called for the handball on the defensive effort inside the box. Villa will take the PK.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
13′: @NYCFC‘s 1st corner coming from the left. Harrison will take it with Moralez standing by close.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
11′: Nice play by Sutter to negate the cross with a deflection. It goes out for a throw-in instead of a corner.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
10′: @JSpector23 comes up to help Orlando keep possession. Helps Villa up on the near-collision. Good sportsmanship.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
9′: Villa draws the foul on Pereira. Free kick coming from just outside the right part of Orlando's box.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
7′: Orlando really holding onto possession here, keeping the Lions' attack going. Foul on Larin in the box.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
6′: Hustle by Rivas forces the 1st corner of the game. Coming from the right. Johnson will take it.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
4′: @KAKA threads the ball perfectly to Rivas to the top of NYCFC's box. Rivas took too many touches before their shot.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
1′: Tough start. Turnover deep in Orlando territory. Hustle by @JSpector23 helped to clear.#ORLvNYC #OCSC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
That's the most I've seen the fans get into the national anthem all season so far. Nice job, @RuckusOrlando and @IronLionFirm.#ORLvNYC — New Day Review (@NewDayReview) May 21, 2017
Left-back Victor “PC” Giro is on the bench for City. They made their debut against the San Jose Earthquakes, recording an assist on the lone goal by Carlos Rivas and a shot that ricocheted off the crossbar.
Here's what Will Johnson had to say about both center-back Léo Pereira's and PC's performances in their Major League Soccer debut.
They were excellent. Really good. You know, it's a night where we asked them to travel a long way and play in a tough game for a debut in MLS, but, at the end of the day, they rose to the occasion. They did well. Everything was solid. PC was very good. Obviously gets a nice assist on the goal, so that always helps too. Just really good first steps for them in their careers, and now the challenge is, “Okay, we've seen you can do it. So, now you gotta do it for us again and again and again,” because, ultimately, that's what this is about. We need guys consistent, and we need guys where we know when we put 'em on the field that we're gonna get that performance week in, week out. So now the challenge is there for them, and the bar has been set.
Apart from center-back Léo Pereira, City's lineup is mostly familiar. Pereira will have a challenge ahead of them with David Villa on the other side. Fellow center-back Tommy Redding, who is away with the U-20 United States men's national team, has defended Villa also. Redding is a year younger than Pereira.
Here's what Jason Kreis had to say about Pereira's performance in their debut against the San Jose Earthquakes.
Léo was another player I thought was a standout performer for us, which says a lot ‘cus I think that's really difficult for a central defender to do in a central role like that against players like [Chris] Wondolowski. They showed that he's quite capable of playing for us and contributing at this level.
Forward Carlos Rivas has two goals in five games, dating back to April 29 when they scored their first goal of the 2017 season against the Colorado Rapids. Both scores have come in matches that they have come on as a substitute in.
And midfielder Will Johnson…
They're better when there's more space. They have good soccer players. So they move the ball around well, and that's a part where, I mean, if our discipline's not right, where we close the areas that we want to dictate the game and with the right mentality and with the right aggressive shape, we'll get ourselves stretched out in a bad place because of how good they are with the ball, which, on a bigger field, obviously means that we've gotta be better, in that regard, when we don't have the ball. So, we look forward to it. We are a team that's in a better place with the ball than we were in the first week. We understand who we are and how important the ball is to us. So we've gotta look to keep it, and then when we don't have it, defend well and limit their opportunities, ‘cus, like I said, they're a good team.
And here're right-back Scott Sutter's comments on playing NYCFC again.
A lot bigger field. That's another thing that comes to it. Certain things in the MLS that are really different from what I'm used to and playing for the third time, I think, in 12 games is definitely one of them. It's not easy. I mean, you can kind of say it's good because you kinda know the opponent inside, out now, but, in the same time, it adds that little bit of pressure, I guess. But the momentum is definitely in our favor that we've got the last two victories, so we can definitely look to show that confidence, and we're playing at home. So, that's just what we need.
Here's what Jason Kreis had to say about the familiarity both teams will have after having played twice already this season. This is the final time both teams will meet in the regular season.
It's just a team that we're obviously very familiar with, now, having played against them for a third time in six weeks, it seems like. Maybe a little longer than that, but it seems like a very short time to play a same team three times. So we have a very good understanding of what they're a bout and what they're trying to do, and they have a very good understanding of us. I think, at the end of the day, it's gonna come down to little bit of who wants it more.
Orlando City is still looking for its first win in the month of May. Lions head coach Jason Kreis said their team is hungry for a win after an unprecedented 6-1-0 start.
Tonight's #NYCFC XI to take on Orlando ⚽️ pic.twitter.com/eQ49SsKUzf — New York City FC (@NYCFC) May 21, 2017
Good to see the captain back in the starting lineup. They have started two of the last five matches before Sunday's match.
LONDON (AFP) Ã¢â‚¬â€œ Comedian and activist Mark Thomas has received a Ã‚Â£1,200 payouts after police admitted they stopped and searched them just for looking ‘over-confident' at a rally, according to a report on Tuesday.
London's Metropolitan Police said they unlawfully stopped Thomas, 47, and searched their bag at an anti-arms trade demonstration in the capital in 2007, the Guardian wrote.
According to the newspaper, a police officer involved in the incident said they suspected Thomas, who gave a speech at the rally, could be carrying weapons in their shoulder bag as they had an “over-confident attitude”.
The officer was quoted as saying in a legal document: “If we only stopped and searched people who looked nervous and shifty and didn't stop the ones who looked over-confident you would be able to get one past us.” Nothing was found in the search.
The Met Police has apologised to Thomas and paid out Ã‚Â£1,200 for “falsely imprisoning” them for 12 minutes, the daily wrote.
“If over-confidence is a reason for a stop-and-search, Jonathan Ross should never leave their house,” Thomas told the Guardian.
The comedian said they would donate some of the money to the Miscarriages of Justice Organisation.
In January, the European Court of Human Rights ruled it was illegal for police to stop and search people without grounds for suspicion.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Heidi's eye problem may have been caused by their diet, zoo officials say
A cross-eyed opossum called Heidi, who is being housed in Leipzig Zoo, has become a media sensation in Germany.
The creature, who is not yet on display, has already inspired a YouTube hit song and a toy, and attracted more than 65,000 fans on Facebook.
They were abandoned in the US with their sister and moved to Germany in May.
 They are the latest animal to win fame in Germany, after Paul the Octopus gained worldwide attention for predicting the 2010 World Cup results.
Heidi, who is thought to be about two-and-a-half years old, was left outside an animal shelter in North Carolina in the US, along with their sister, Naira.
The siblings, along with a male opossum called Teddy, have been at the zoo since May last year and will go on display in July.
'Heidi is so sweet'
According to Der Spiegel, Heidi became known after reporters from the German tabloid Bild went to photograph animals that will be part of Gondwanaland, a newly themed area at the zoo. After they became public, photos of the creature became a sensation.
Heidi has also inspired a song, written by Stefan Langner, and sung by three young girls, which has become an internet hit on YouTube.
Image caption The zoo said the attention was "surprising and unplanned"
The lyrics state: "Heidi is so sweet. How nice that they exist. I fell so in love with them from the first."
Zoo officials say they believe the creature's eye problem could be related to the diet they had before being abandoned, or because they are overweight, which can lead to fat desposits around the eyes, reports AFP news agency.
"Apart from aesthetically, this situation is not a problem," the zoo says. "As animals that are active at night, opossums find their way around using their noses."
The zoo has described the attention as "surprising and unplanned", and have said they have responded by putting up a new website page about Heidi.
The zoo says it does not plan to undertake any "active marketing" of Heidi, and that any revenue from third parties will be diverted to a project supporting rhinos in Borneo.
Last year, Paul the Octopus, who was kept in the Sea Life centre in Oberhausen, found stardom after accurately predicting the outcome of eight matches during the 2010 football World Cup.
Paul made their name by successfully choosing a mussel from one of two boxes bearing the flags of competing nations.
And in 2007, a polar bear cub called Knut became an international star at Berlin Zoo.
[Can't wait to play Fallout 4? Neither can we. Check out the mod's we'd most like to see while you wait.]
This shouldn't even be news, but the internet is prone to overreaction. Hackles were raised after Digital Spy published an article titled, "Fallout 4 will run at 1080p and 30 frames-per-second on everything".
Here's the relevant quote: "'It is 1080p on everything,' they said," referring to Fallout 4 director Todd Howard, "before confirming that it would run at 30fps and not 60fps."
Clearly this is Howard confirming that both consoles will achieve 1080p, but be limited to 30fps as the trade-off. However, some took the quote to mean that Fallout 4 would be locked to 1080p and 30 frames-per-second on PC. This is despite the fact that Bethesda has a massive PC audience, has never previously restricted a Bethesda Game Studio game in this way, and, most importantly of all, understands that to do so would be asking for the mother of all backlashes.
Now Bethesda has stepped in to reassure that of course Fallout 4 won't be restricted by resolution or frame rate on PC. "Fallout 4 is 1080p & 30fps on Xbox One and PS4," tweets Bethesda Softworks. "Resolution and FPS are not limited in any way on the PC."
So that's that then.
The new 380 area code is set to overlap with the 614 area code this weekend, which means that Columbus residents will have to dial all ten digits of a phone number to successfully complete a call.
Yet another sign of growth for the capital city: an area code grown so large that we're running out of phone numbers.
While this isn't a huge issue in the age of contact lists, it does mean that people requesting new phone numbers might be assigned to the 380 area code. But don't worry, your existing phone number won't change.
That is to say, having a 614 area code will net you some serious hipster cred.
It's worth noting that you can still dial 911 using only three digits, and you won't be charged extra for making local calls.
Boston Bruins forward Loui Eriksson's value continues to rise.
Related: 3 teams that can use Loui Eriksson
Eriksson, who collected the game-winning goal in overtime Tuesday to push the Bruins to a 2-1 victory over the Columbus Blue Jackets, continued to make a case for themselves as the most desirable name on the market leading up to the trade deadline. The Swede has been red-hot of late, posting five goals and six points in their last six games.
(Courtesy: NHL.com)
The 30-year-old remains an intriguing rental possibility as they and the Bruins have yet to agree to a contract extension beyond this season. Early reports suggest the veteran could command a deal north of $6 million at a term of five to six years. However, a long-term deal might not be in the cards for the Bruins, making it in the team's best interest to trade Eriksson.
If that's indeed the route Boston decides to take it would appear Eriksson could garner a decent return.
Eriksson sits second on the Bruins with eight power-play goals and four game-winning goals, giving them a total of 20 goals and 45 points in 57 games.
Eriksson last 5 goals have come in their last 15 shots. — Bruins Stats (@bruins_stats) February 17, 2016
The Bruins and Eriksson still have time to work out a contract extension, and there's no question they would provide value to the club in a potential playoff run. But if Boston is determined to ship them out, this recent hot streak will only aid general manager Don Sweeney in their trade talks.
We are super excited to have with us today the inspiring Ran Segall – a full stack designer, a creator, and a vlogger.
Ran started out as a designer, working with startups to create great products & brands.
For the past 5 years, theirs been freelancing with 3-5 clients at any given time, and also, he's been sharing their journey on their youtube channel called Flux and has over 40,000 followers.
They believe in constant learning and sharing knowledge, was running the Nu-School – which was an online hub for people to learn to freelance and design, and later on, they built a product company called Prospero – a service for freelancers to create online proposals.
In this episode, Ran shared their amazing insights and knowledge on freelancing, value-based pricing, learning new skills, networking, putting yourself out there, achieving your goals and aiming higher.
A wave of bombings targeting commercial areas in and around Iraq's capital Baghdad has killed at least 18 civilians, according to officials.
The deadliest attack on Sunday took place in Baghdad's Khilani Square, where a car bomb killed at least seven people and wounded 25 others, a police officer said. The car was parked near a Sunni mosque and a gathering of motorcycle vendors.
Hours earlier, an explosives-laden car exploded in the town of Mahmudiya, about 30km south of Baghdad, killing at least four civilians, another police officer said.
Three people were killed and 13 wounded in another car bomb explosion in Baghdad's southwestern Amil neighbourhood, the officer added, while two others were killed in a blast in the nearby Bayaa district.
In the capital's eastern suburb of Husseiniyah, a bomb went off in an outdoor market, killing two civilians and wounding six others, police said.
Medical officials confirmed the toll, and all officials spoke to the Associated Press news agency on condition of anonymity.
The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) group and other Sunni groups are believed to be behind the attacks.
The blasts came as Iraqi security forces continued to clash with ISIL fighters for control of territory in Iraq's Western Anbar province.
In an interview with state TV, interior ministry spokesperson, Brigadier General Saad Maan Ibrahim, said government forces were close to recapture the town of Garma, just east of the ISIL-held city of Fallujah, 65km west of the capital.
Ibrahim added that fighting was also ongoing to dislodge the fighters from the canal lock system near Lake Tharthar just to the north.
ISIL forces attacked the area on Friday, killing a senior officer and around a dozen other soldiers and officers.
1) “…I am your father!”
2) “You came in that thing? You're braver than I thought!”
3) “We're starting for the target shaft now!”
4) “Into the garbage chute, flyboy!”
5) “No reward is worth this!”
6) “Ungh! And I thought they smelled bad on the outside!”
7) “Put that thing away, you're gonna get us all killed!”
8 ) “RRRWARRRRGH!”
9) “Laugh it up, fuzzball!”
10) “It's no good! I can't maneuver!”
11) “ARRWOOOGH!”
12) “Now, their failure is complete.”
13) “Get in there, you big furry oaf!”
14) “Would it help if I got out and pushed?!”
15) “Yesss… Your sister!”
16) “You have controlled your fear! Now, unleash your anger!”
17) “I have a bad feeling about this!”
18) “Size matters not! Look at me!”
19) “Stay on target!”
20) “What a piece of junk!”
_____
Read Part 2 of this article by going right… here.
Earlier tonight, Saturday Night Live announced a pretty big surprise change for next season: Former SNL writer and current Daily Show correspondent Michael Che is returning to NBC to co-anchor Weekend Update. According to Bill Carter at The New York Times, Che has been chosen to replace Cecily Strong at the Update desk next season, and Che has confirmed on Twitter that he'll be leaving The Daily Show to take on the new SNL gig. Strong – who joined the Update desk alongside Seth Meyers back in 2013 – will remain on the cast as a repertory player; they reportedly requested the change themselves so they could appear in more sketches. Che and Jost's pairing will make the very first two-man Weekend Update team.
According to the NYT report, Lorne Michaels has been trying out different Update anchor combinations over the past few weeks. “Michael is a strong writer and he's really funny,” Michaels said. “It's always difficult to make changes and make Update different from what's gone before.” On last year's incarnation of Update with Jost and Strong, Michaels said it “struggled to find an identity last season. Because what had come before had been pretty brilliant.”
So what other changes can we expect on SNL next year? If you're hoping for some new cast members, Michaels confirmed that with NYT, noting that they would “probably be making one or two more additions to the cast this season but that they had not yet reached a decision.” As for the three-hour 40th anniversary special planned for February, Michaels has decided that instead of airing the previous week's SNL repeats at 10:00pm every Saturday, this season he'll instead run one episode from each of the show's 40 seasons, which will be condensed from 90 minutes to an hour but include the original musical performances.
Here's our interview with Che from this summer, and check out a clip of them from our standup film A Night at Whiplash below:
Three others were also injured after the lone robber opened fire
Published 10:10 PM, December 26, 2016
BACOLOD CITY, Philippines – A Chinese national and a security guard were shot dead while 3 others were injured after a lone robber opened fire at a store Sunday night, December 25.
The unidentified man carted away almost P1 million in cash when they barged into the JDS Mindoro Enterprises Corporation at Locsin-Luzuriaga Street in Barangay 13 around 7:30 pm.
The fatalities were identified as the store owner's son Changle Wu and security guard Jilbert Mayang of Hinoba-an town, Negros Occidental. Wu was declared dead when they were brought to a hospital after they succumbed to a gunshot wound in the head while Mayang died on the spot after they were shot in the head and the back.
Also injured were 3 other Chinese nationals identified as Wei Quang Huang, Yuan Long Huang and Zhang Xiao Dong. Wei sustained a gunshot wound on the left side of their body, Yuan on their right buttock, and Zhang on their right thigh and back.
Initial investigation indicated that the store was about to close when the suspect, armed with an M-16 rifle, entered the establishment and opened fire. The suspect then took the money – the store's earnings for 3 days – and escaped on a motorcycle.
Police recovered 3 fired cartridge shells of 5.56mm from the crime scene while the .38 caliber with 5 live ammunition of the security guard was nowhere to be found.
Senior Police Officer 2 Celito Dullan said an investigation is underway.
"There's no identification yet on the suspect. All we have are speculations and circumstantial, we have no direct potential witness to identify the name of the suspect," they said.
Dullan said there was no closed-circuit television (CCTV) camera along the street. "The store's CCTV malfunctioned on that day," they added.
They also said they are still trying to establish if the suspect might have had accomplices. – Rappler.com
WHIPPANY, N.J. – Aurelien Collin completed their transition to the New York Red Bulls by putting in 90 minutes against their previous team, Orlando City SC, in last Friday's 1-1 draw.
Collin helped the Red Bulls secure a road point and is expected to start for RBNY on Friday evening against rivals D.C. United (7 pm ET; UniMás). The gauntlet of games is a demanding welcome for Collin, but the center back is glad a team is asking a lot from them once again.
“Sometimes, we have our role. In Orlando, I didn't play in [recent] matches but it was still important that I put on a great face, a happy face and was very professional,” said Collin. “It's always better to play, but if you don't play, you can't change the way you live. Live happy and professionally, and keep working every day. At the end of the day, it's the decision of the coach. Right now, I'm happy I'm in the starting 11 and I make sure that I work every day to stay in it.”
Collin was a key part of Orlando City's inaugural squad but fell down the depth chart this season, as Seb Hines earned a starting spot during preseason and the Lions gave US U-20 international Tommy Redding more playing time for their development. That left Collin as the odd man out.
The Frenchman has played more than 2,000 minutes in each of the past four MLS seasons. Before joining Orlando, they were a two-time MLS All-Star and an MLS Cup winner with Sporting Kansas City.
Collin's time under Sporting head coach Peter Vermes makes them well-suited for the Red Bulls, head coach Jesse Marsch said.
“[Sporting is] not exactly the same as we are,” said Marsch, “but the tempo at which Sporting play, the way they play up the field and in the other team's half means Aurelien has experience in similar situations to what it's like to be here.”
Collin has been with the Red Bulls for two weeks, during which time Marsch said the technical staff is trying to “fine tune” their skill set to meet their tactics. As they worked on their pressing techniques for Friday's clash with D.C. United, Collin's center-back partner and countryman Ronald Zubar showed them where they needed to be on the field.
“Ronald has a lot of experience, he's French, so we understand each other,” Collin said. “We are the same kind of player. It's amazing to be on their side.”
After a 1-6-0 start, the Red Bulls still have a ways to go to complete their turnaround. A three-game unbeaten run has nudged them above the red line, but they still have four in-conference matches left in May. Marsch hopes Collin's experience can play a role in helping New York forget about their rough start.
“He's fit in well,” Marsch said. “He has great competitive energy and great confidence they bring to the field. They bring so much of their competitive will to the team and it helps raise the overall level of that. I think he's going to get better and better, but the first performance was really good.”
MONTERREY, Mexico (Reuters) - A Mexican judge has ordered properties of a former state governor in the ruling party seized as part of an investigation into fraud and other crimes, putting the spotlight on political corruption ahead of local elections this weekend.
Rodrigo Medina speaks in Monterrey February 27, 2012. REUTERS/Daniel Becerril/File Photo
Ernesto Canales, the anti-corruption czar in the opposition-controlled region of Nuevo Leon, said Friday that the order was against several officials, including ex-state governor Rodrigo Medina, for suspected embezzlement, breach of office and other crimes that cost the state 3.6 billion pesos ($194 million).
“This is not a campaign against a group of officials,” Canales said. “It's about highlighting conduct of a group of public officials that shouldn't have occurred.”
Canales said the seizure was related to the installation of a Korean plant in the state, an apparent reference to the 2014 deal between Medina's government and carmaker Kia Motors for a $1 billion works in Nuevo Leon.
Nuevo Leon's new government says the deal violated state law by offering “excessive” incentives; it is working with Kia to end the dispute.
Senior Mexican officials say local officials profited from land deals anticipating Kia's arrival.
Medina, who was governor of Nuevo Leon from 2009 to 2015, belongs to President Enrique Pena Nieto's Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI).
Medina said they were innocent of the charges, which they described as politically motivated attacks before regional elections this weekend, newspaper Reforma reported on Friday.
“We are, without a doubt, in the presence of a political persecution,” Reforma cited Medina as saying.
Canales said Medina and the other officials would have to respond to charge the state's anti-corruption authorities would be presenting to a judge in the next two months.
Home to the industrial city of Monterrey, Nuevo Leon is one of the country's richest regions. Medina's record in office came under heavy scrutiny last year, when the state elected Mexico's first independent governor to succeed him.
Jaime Rodriguez, a former PRI politician nicknamed “El Bronco” (the gruff one), won the Nuevo Leon governorship by a landslide last June after running an anti-establishment campaign that railed against corruption in Latin America's No. 2 economy.
The PRI ruled for 71 consecutive years until it was voted out in 2000. By then it had become a byword for corruption.
Pena Nieto returned the party to power in 2012, pledging a new era of clean government. However, their administration has battled allegations of graft during the past two years.
In a statement, Nuevo Leon said 11 officials were targeted in the seizures. Canales initially spoke of seven officials.
New Year's Eve Glitter Gayla Posted by V. on December 8, 2013 · Leave a Comment
Liberty City Kings presents: New Year's Eve Glitter Gayla
Tuesday, December 31, 2013
You're invited to our biggest and classiest show ever! Celebrate NYE with Philly's Best Gay Theater Group with dinner, drinks, drag & burlesque and dancing. We're pulling out all stops and the red carpet for this event bringing you a New Year's Eve night like no other in the city. Come early to enjoy a four-course dinner pre-show or later just to enjoy our award-winning entertainment. Featuring performances by Liberty City Kings Drag & Burlesque, our Mxtress of Ceremonies The Notorious OMG, and our resident DJ NiiLo!
Dinner 7pm
General Admission 8:30pm
Show 9pm
Dancing 12am-2am
Complimentary Grey Goose Cherry Noir Cocktails
Free Champagne toast at midnight
Tassel Twirling Competition with prizes from Sexploratorium & Grey Goose
Tickets per person:
$75 VIP table Dinner & Show includes a bottle of Champagne & onstage seating *limited advance tickets only*
$50 Dinner & Show *advance tickets only*
$15 General admission *advance*
$17 General admission *at the door*
This event is 21+, must show ID to enter.
DINNER MENU CHOICES
Appetizers:
Cheesesteak egg rolls
Soup du jour
Hummus with crostini and veggies
Shrimp quesadilla
Salad:
Caesar
Mixed greens
Dinner:
Baked tilapia
Grilled hangar steak
Butternut squash ravioli
Sides served family style:
Green beans
Garlic mashed potatoes
Dessert:
Cheesecake
Molten chocolate
Mixed berries
Philly's only multi award winning Queer Drag & Burlesque Performance Troupe Come out, come out wherever you are for a shimmy, shake and sprinkle of glitter from some of Philly's sexiest queer drag, burlesque and musical artists performing classic cabaret with a kinky twist!
Vixens & Vagabonds Queer & Kinky Cabaret – every first Saturday at Tabu!
Next show: 01/04/2014
Photo Credit: Garrett Matthew Photography
Flyer Design: Kelly A. Burhkardt
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The lawyer who last year forced Google to remove links to defamatory information about him, is now hoping to convince the European Commission to introduce rules to make it easier for others to remove harmful information online.
A logo is pictured at Google's European Engineering Center in Zurich April16, 2015. REUTERS/Arnd Wiegmann
Dan Shefet, a French lawyer born in Denmark, met a key EU policymaker on Monday to discuss their proposals for ensuring search engines delist harmful content globally, not just in the 28-nation European Union.
Shefet's mission to make search engines legally responsible for the information they display, chimes with growing unease across political and business circles in Europe over the market power of mostly U.S. tech giants and their approach to privacy.
The Commission, the EU executive, is currently assessing whether “online platforms” should be regulated more tightly and face a “duty of care” to proactively remove illegal content.
The companies concerned strongly object, saying that would risk hurting the freedom of speech.
In Shefet's case, Google removed the defamatory links from search results across all its European domains, but not worldwide.
But the ebullient 60-year old lawyer says that since their court victory in Paris in September they have been contacted by hundreds of people who were unable to have links to harmful information about them removed from search results.
“Sometimes you've got to stand up for a principle and then you don't count your time,” said Shefet, who specializes in European competition, IT law and privacy.
“Never in the history of humankind has so much information been controlled by so few,” they said.
Shefet said their meeting with the EU Commissioner for Digital Economy and Society, Guenther Oettinger, went very well, adding that Oettinger had promised to invite them back for longer talks.
In December, Shefet set up the Association Against Internet Defamation, Denigration and Harassment (AAID) to help push for new rules. They stress that it is not “anti-Google”.
Google declined to comment for this article. Its legal support page says that it will consider “blocking, removing or restricting access” to illegal content upon request.
Google is currently implementing a May 2014 EU court judgment on the “right to be forgotten”, ordering it to remove links to outdated or irrelevant information appearing under searches for people's names.
The company maintains that it should only apply the ruling across its European domains, such as Google.fr in France and Google.de in Germany.
But EU data protection watchdogs, many legal experts and former German Justice Minister Sabine Leutheusser-Schnarrenberger, who has been among external experts advising Google on privacy following the European ruling, think it should be global.
“What is the responsibility of ISPs (Internet service providers) in the future?” they told Reuters, raising the issue of legal recourse against them.
“We have to find the right red line where harassment is beginning and freedom of speech is reaching its limit,” said Leutheusser-Schnarrenberger, who is a member of Shefet's AAID.
Tanguy Van Overstraeten, a partner at law firm Linklaters, said recent national court decisions in EU countries suggest Google will struggle to defend its position.
In Britain, for example, Google admitted that Google.com was widely used there.
Oettinger, a German conservative, has in the past criticized American tech companies for flouting European rules. In one speech they likened them to a “huge electronic vacuum cleaner” sucking up Europeans' data to California and selling it on.
Shefet said Oettinger was open to the idea of new rules to protect businesses and people against online denigration as the Commission prepares legislative proposals to create a single market in digital services. However, it is unlikely there is time for any new rules to be included in new EU data protection regulation expected to be finalised this year.
An EU official called Oettinger's meeting with the campaigners “very constructive” but declined to elaborate.
Alvaro Gil-Robles, a former human rights chief at the 47-nation Council of Europe, who is also a member of Shefet's AAID, said they believed new regulatory curbs were coming for tech giants. They told Reuters: “They cannot do whatever they want.”
(This version of the story corrects to show that Google removed the defamatory links from European domains only, not worldwide)
by
We're living in a very weird and convoluted moment in the annals of truth and bullshit. For some reason Americans saddled themselves with a rich and obnoxious reality TV star significantly unmoored from reality. A George W. Bush aide famously told a reporter: We're an empire now and we make our own reality. Maybe it's an axiom of our age: The wealthy and powerful have the right to make their own reality. As for the poor and the powerless, the same condition of being unmoored from reality is generally linked with what we call “mental illness,” which leads to marginalization, institutionalization or incarceration.
The same corrupt double standard works in the realm of violence. I‘ve been writing for decades about the killing our government has officially undertaken in places like Vietnam and Iraq and in smaller venues. I've always liked the bumper sticker that says: Kill One Person It's Murder; Kill 100,000 It's Foreign Policy. In my thinking, it isn't a joke; it's more like the Rules Of Engagement.
For me, the exemplary culprit in this equation is Henry Kissinger and the cold-blooded slaughter of millions of Vietnamese in a war that really makes no sense at all. (I challenge anyone to tell me what the Vietnamese ever did to us other than work as our ally against the Japanese in World War Two.) The most truthful narrative is that the Vietnamese were betrayed and attacked by the United States, one, to support French re-colonization after WWII, and, two, because US leaders felt compelled to dominate the wrecked post-WWII world. To recognize Vietnamese nationalism and the Vietnamese urge for freedom was too complicated for our fearful and reductive Cold War mindset. Rich and powerful, we ended up killing millions of Vietnamese in an ultimately failed effort to impose our reality — although in the end the Vietnamese developed excellent capitalistic instincts.
In a very weird turn of events, our new president seems to agree with the idea that killing is very American and that there are killers in our government. President Trump revealed this in an interview with their old pal Bill O'Reilly. The interview was appropriately run just before the Super Bowl, our culture's pre-eminent gladiatorial extravaganza, an annual event of such masculine escapist power that it defines Bread & Circus for our media-addled, couch-potato age. Here's O'Reilly and Trump:
O'Reilly: “Do you respect Putin?” Trump: “I do respect him.” O'Reilly: “Do you!? Why?” Trump: “I respect a lot of people. But that doesn't mean I'm going to get along with him. He's a leader of their country. I say it's better to get along with Russia than not, and if Russia helps us in the fight against ISIS – which is a major fight, and Islamic terrorism all over the world – that's a good thing. Will I get along with him? I have no idea.” O'Reilly: “He's a killer, though. Putin's a killer.” Trump: “There are a lot of killers. We got a lot of killers. What, you think our country is so innocent? You think our country is so innocent?” O'Reilly: “I don't know of any government leaders that are killers.” Trump: “Well, take a look at what we've done too. We've made a lot of mistakes. I've been against the war in Iraq from the beginning.” O'Reilly: “Mistakes are different than —.” Trump: “A lot of mistakes. Okay. But a lot of people were killed. So a lot of killers around, believe me.”
I've worked with a group of fellow Vietnam veterans in a project called Full Disclosure. The group's mission is to inject some truth into the national consciousness about our tragic and immoral war against the Vietnamese. So far, the effort has been asymmetrical, or Sisyphian, since government efforts to propagandize the war as a noble cause grotesquely out-budget grassroots efforts like Full Disclosure.
Ex-POW and Senator John McCain was outraged by Trump's remarks about killers in the US government and gave a speech on the floor of the US Senate. They were so impassioned they flapped their arms in an extremely awkward fashion attributable to the permanent shoulder-and-arm injuries they received ejecting from their jet and, later, from abuse by angry Vietnamese; they ended up in Truc Bach Lake in the middle of Hanoi. Of course, they were shot down on a bombing run over Hanoi killing Vietnamese, which may explain their vociferous opposition to the idea of American killers. It's John McCain's brand of bullshit — the patriotism of warrior politics — something that has taken them quite far. While I oppose McCain's militarist views on everything but torture, I have to confess I often find it hard to dislike the man due to the suffering they endured and the fact I'm a “brother” Vietnam vet, albeit a vet with a quite un-glorious story, but a vet with some degree of guilt from the war.
This kind of discussion always reminds me of the history of the imperial United States from the days of the Spanish American War 119 years ago and how we've too often treated people as backward and barbaric in the places we so blithely assaulted. We tended to undertake the killing of people in order to open their countries as markets for our surpluses at times America was bursting at the seams with industrial production. Such was the case in the Philippines in 1900; it was thought war against Spain's occupation there might open markets in Asia. Industrial forces and newspapers lobbied for war, but once it got underway things quickly became confused. For example Admiral George Dewey dispatched the Spanish fleet in Manila so quickly and easily, the question arose: What now? Like Shock & Awe in 2003 in Baghdad, the war then generated its own internal logic and motivations that could be reduced to we must continue to fight the war because we're here fighting a war and don't want to lose face. Colin Powell's Pottery Barn Rule comes out of this condition: “If you break it, you own it.” Plus, in 1900, we had the White Man's Burden to carry or, as Teddy Roosevelt liked to put it, we were called to “manage small states unable to manage themselves.” In this way, the US did a lot of killing, most of it not a “mistake.” It was policy.
So the master bullshitter Donald Trump is ironically a profound truth-teller when they say: “We got a lot of killers. What, you think our country is so innocent?” He's turning the tables on one of the most incredible sewer-clogging piles of propaganda bullshit in modern American history. Add to this the pop-culture adoration by Americans of the dramatic archetype of the killer and one begins to understand the problem. Americans (maybe humans in general) love a good killer — both good in the sense of efficient and good in the sense that people love a killer who kills for them, responds to their fears, advances their hopes and dreams.
The disturbing aspect of Trump's truth-telling is that he's not making a moral point that killing is wrong. He's making the opposite point, that killing is normal and, therefore, acceptable. Americans need to be honest with themselves; those who get worked up about killing are hypocrites, weak sisters or cowards. Real men don't eat quiche; they kill other people. He's basically making a Hobbesian violent State Of Nature argument, as in the following by Vadim Volkov from their 2002 book Violent Entrepreneurs: The Use of Force In the Making of Russian Capitalism:
“In the state of nature, property exists only as long as it can be protected by the claimant. An entirely different world is what Hobbes calls the Commonwealth, where individuals are deprived of, or willingly abdicate, their natural right to self-government in favor of a higher power that establishes protection and laws for all.”
As a philosopher, Hobbes, of course, was being abstract. In the real world of America or Russia, these abstract concepts get a bit confused and begin to overlap into each other so we end up with an amalgam of the features of the State of Nature and the Commonwealth. We see this in the informal institutions of selective enforcement where the “protections” and “laws” that the Hobbesian commonwealth establishes, and citizens abdicate their self-determination for, are selectively applied, leaving some elements of society subject to the State of Nature where property (and life itself) “exist only as long as [they] can be protected by the claimant.” It's as the narrator says in the preface of the Cohn brother's film Blood Simple: Over shots of desolate west Texas desert highways they make glib references to socialist societies, then says, “In Texas, you're on your own.” It's the Old West ethic of the gunfighter. It's the manifest destiny that made America “great,” our dirty foundational secret that reveals the two strains of American history: the self-congratulatory mythic strain and The Truth, where America's greatness is not inherent and God-given but achieved on the backs of people the world over weaker and less sophisticated, people vulnerable to domination and exploitation by a western mindset full of itself. There's a strong case to be made that much of today's threats are rooted in this legacy. What goes 'round, comes 'round.
Rather than use terms like “Mafia” or “organized crime,” Volkov, a Cambridge-educated Russian sociologist at the European University at St. Petersburg, likes to use terms like “violence-managing agencies,” “force wielding organizations,” “protection enterprises” and “private enforcers.” Their book, they write, “deals with an exclusively male world, where traditional male virtues associated with violent contest prevail.” The tale they unfold is one of the anarchic aftermath of the downfall of the Soviet Union noted for the “violent entrepreneurs” of the title and the countervailing impulse to create a State structure that would constitute a Hobbesian commonwealth. They write that in 2001 newly elected President Vladimir Putin addressed the Russian legislature and conceded the state was coming up short in “protecting citizens from racketeers, bandits, and bribe-takers.”
The Russian dance between state of nature anarchy and state protection is still a work-in-progress, something a truthful analysis of conditions in the United States would also have to concede. While the US may not be on an identical moral footing as Putin's Russia (in some instances we may be better, some worse) selective enforcement remains a very healthy institution in America. Local cops tell me individual officers always have the discretion to arrest or not to arrest. Prosecutors have the same discretion. Think sentencing for crack cocaine in the ghetto versus powder cocaine in Hollywood and the mass incarceration of African American males. The list is long and the legacy of selective enforcement is overdue for a major American dialogue.
One might argue that President Trump is trying to shift the Hobbesian reality away from a classically liberal commonwealth of protection for the poor and weak to a more robust state of nature and wealth- and power-friendly society where, like in Texas, “you're on your own.” This may also help explain the mysterious affinity between Trump and Putin. It's like Russia and the United States are moving in opposite Hobbesian directions, and their current respective leaders — Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump — are meeting ideologically in the middle. Central to this struggle is the archetype of the killer, which is, as Volkov emphasizes, predominantly a male role. In the abstract world of Hobbes, the archetypal killer is a feature of the anarchic state of nature and a feature of the state's monopoly on violence.
Notwithstanding Hillary Clinton's evident shortcomings as a candidate, this may shed some light on why a liberal woman considered a fait-accompli failed to obtain the White House in 2016, a moment in history when the feminine, maternal and nurturing instincts associated with women would improve the American political character. But in a nation that has declared itself at war with crackpot elements of extremely violent, misogynous Muslims, the Rules Of Engagement among the winning Trump base may demand a countervailing violent male misogyny on our part. When you go to war with strange alien people, there's a certain intimacy that necessarily grows from such an intense experience. It's not exactly a case of If you can't lick 'em, join 'em; it's more like: If you fight someone long enough, you will assume some of their characteristics. The obverse must be true as well: in a natural learning curve, violent Muslims necessarily learn certain things from fighting westerners and Americans.
* NOTE: The term bullshit is used here in the sense established by Harvard philosophy professor Harry Frankfurt in their little gem of a book titled On Bullshit, which opens with: “One of the most salient features of our culture is that there is so much bullshit.”
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu on Thursday indicated support for Yisrael Beytenu in its decision to bolt a Knesset panel devoted to drafting a national service law, emphasizing their backing for a universal solution that would include Arabs as well as the ultra-Orthodox.
“I will not advance any bill in the Knesset that doesn't fulfill the principle of equality — for the ultra-Orthodox and the Arabs alike,” Netanyahu said, shortly after Yisrael Beytenu and the Jewish Home party bolted the Committee for the Advancement of an Equal Burden. The committee is tasked with coming up with a solution for sweeping draft deferments among Arabs and the ultra-Orthodox.
Netanyahu telephoned several Arab Knesset members and told them that “the reality has changed. Arab citizens must shoulder the burden along with the ultra-Orthodox.”
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
In a thinly veiled criticism of the recommendations that were presented earlier on Thursday by committee head Yohanan Plesner (Kadima), Netanyahu said, “It's a matter of principle, and I oppose exempting either [Arabs or ultra-Orthodox Jews from national service].”
“There is new reality in Israel.” Netanyahu added, “and everybody has to shoulder in the burden.”
Yisrael Beytenu and the Jewish Home party left the committee earlier Thursday following Plesner's announcement of the committee's intention to grant Arab Israelis who avoid national service a sweeping exemption from the personal sanctions that would be leveled on ultra-Orthodox draft dodgers.
A statement from Yisrael Beytenu decried the decision of the committee to “grant special treatment to the Arab-Israeli community and award it with an exemption from national service.” The party also announced that it planned to submit a bill of its own, countering the Committee's proposed legislation, that would “mandate an equal share of the burden among all segments of society.”
Representatives of the committee, for their part, slammed Yisrael Beytenu, calling its decision to bolt the panel “the populist maneuver of a party that's good at preaching an equal share in the burden but has no real intention of advancing initiatives to promote [such equality].”
“Today the committee adopted as a national priority the principle of service for all Israeli citizens,” the committee said in a statement. “Yisrael Beytenu has opted to foment discord instead of persisting in the joint work that will bring about the inclusion of tens of thousands of Israeli citizens in serving. It's a shame that political interests have superseded any sense of responsibility, making it difficult to take advantage of this historic opportunity to implement a comprehensive, balanced solution and effect real change.”
Pope inspires mercy founded on truth
Re: Bishop Henry needs to stay on message in the Year of Mercy; Jan. 16
The online title of recent column by Juliet Guichon is certainly correct but they should do a bit more research on Pope Francis' teaching on gender ideology. They might discover some surprising texts.
Pope's address to the bishops of Puerto Rico (June 8, 2015): “The complementarity of man and woman, the pinnacle of divine creation, is being questioned by the so-called gender ideology, in the name of a more free and just society. The differences between man and woman are not for opposition or subordination, but for communion and generation, always in the image and likeness of God.”
Pope's general audience on man and woman (April 13, 2015): “For example, I ask myself, if the so-called gender theory is not, at the same time, an expression of frustration and resignation, which seeks to cancel out sexual difference because it no longer knows how to confront it. Yes, we risk taking a step backwards. The removal of difference in fact creates a problem, not a solution.”
Pope Francis proclaims the same message elsewhere in Laudato Si: No. 155, Address to Equipes de Notre Dame (Sept. 10, 2015), and Address in Naples (March 23, 2015).
What Guichon wants is pseudo-mercy, not the real thing. Mercy is easily perverted when it is not founded on truth. It is not a kind of “fabric softener” for the Christian ethos.
Bishop Frederick Henry, Calgary
Read the words before blasting the bishop
Did any of the commentators reacting to Bishop Henry's latest statement about the Alberta government's planned directive to school boards regarding demands of the LBTQ student community actually read what they wrote? They make clear that an understanding of love and gender can be contextualized in either the prevailing cultural milieu, or as made clear in the fullness of the biblical message. Orthodox Christians have an unchanging traditional biblical perspective on love and gender; others are free to create and to choose their own perspectives.
It appears that the Alberta government intends to impose legislation that would deny the Catholic school community the right to choose and the freedom to practise what it believes, as expressed through its bishops. If that initiative becomes law, Bishop Henry's assessment is confirmed; totalitarianism is here in Alberta.
Eugene Malo, Edmonton
Faith rights lost in Eggen policy
I find it of interest that Juliet Guichon's Catholic affiliations were included in their reply to the comments of Bishop Fred Henry. For that matter, many non-Catholics, including this writer, recognize Education Minister David Eggen's updated “diversity policy” as problematic in view of Canada's commitments to religious freedom and political liberty.
Guichon's opener, that “the primary concern here is about children – not the Catholic community,” is illustrative. First, of irony, given their apparent concern for inclusivity and diversity in Catholic education. But more, it illustrates how “diversity”and “the best interests of children” are diminished when pressed into use as all-purpose pretexts for advancing avant garde social trends ahead of the rights of children. Namely, the constitutionally protected rights of children, here Catholic children, to be educated according to the tenets of their faith and the wishes of their parents.
Religious freedom is central to political liberty because it defines a sphere of existence that does not belong to the state. What of a government that pretends to ownership of both?
Daniel J. Mol, Edmonton
Catholic school rights set in Alberta Act
Re: Religion loses in faceoff with rights; letter, Jan. 14
Brayden Whitlock is blissfully ignorant about history and reality. While most Catholic schools in Canada are the creation of the provincial governments and can legally be abolished by them, this is not the case in Alberta.
When the federal government created Alberta and Saskatchewan in 1905, it mandated two mutually independent religion-based school systems, public and separate, depending upon whether the Protestants or Catholics were in the majority in that jurisdiction.
Over the years the Protestant Schools gradually abandoned their religious roots, while the Catholic Schools have largely remained faithful. Education Minister David Eggen cannot impose their peculiar moral standards on Catholic schools nor abolish them without getting the federal government to amend the Alberta Act of 1905.
Catholic trustees have a moral duty to ensure that all students are taught in an environment supportive of Catholic beliefs and doctrine. In doing so they are not violating student rights for the simple reason that students are not obligated to attend Catholic schools.
Catholic trustees supportive of Eggen's agenda should move on to more liberal jurisdictions. It is simply treacherous and dishonest to use their positions to undermine the fundamentals of the Catholic faith.
Leif Stolee, Edmonton
Keep it simple to market our city
Re: Let's market the city by telling our story; Jan. 16
This is a capital idea. Edmonton: Capital of Alberta. The definition of capital: a city that is the official seat of government; first or foremost; and principal, first-rate or excellent.
Edmonton is all of the above. Sometimes there is beauty in simplicity. Let's tell our story.
Anita Klein, Edmonton
All that's left is to boycott banks
Re: Big banks see big profits continue; letter, Jan. 16
I would just like to add a comment to the excellent letter by Gordon Zawaski on the obscene profits of our Canadian banks.
To add insult to injury, the banks continue to add excessive fees to their customers on every service imaginable. In recent years they have moved us all to electronic banking as a means to reduce their costs but now they add fees even to electronic deposits and transfers between accounts. They continue to wear the public down to the point where it becomes ever more attractive to boycott them and just store your hard-earned savings under the mattress.
Ken Allred, St. Albert
Save your tears — buy bank stocks
Why are you whining about the big banks' obscene profits? On Friday, their share prices hit 52-week lows. Bust out some of that cash you're hoarding in your “Super Saver Prime Plus Savings account” and fight back by buying bank stock. Instead of counting pennies, start counting dividend-dollars and hundreds of dollars when share prices rise. You too, can “merrily jingle your way” down Whyte Ave, humming “ka-ching, ka-ching.”
M.B. Reid, Edmonton
Let's not forget the plight of veterans
Is the Alberta health minister aware that heart disease, diabetes and kidney disease (due to obesity) are major health problems, not only in Alberta but in Canada? Drug addiction plays a devastating role in families who have suffered, but they are in the minority compared to families who have been affected by these other diseases. Politicians take the flavour of the day and make it a crusade.
I'm more concerned with the problem of Canadians who have signed on the dotted line to preserve and protect Canada – and by extension – Alberta, even unto death. It has been reported over 2,000 of our former Armed Forces personnel are living on the street. Many of them have drugged/alcohol/mental health problems. Does that give us the right to ignore their dedication to serve Canada, while focusing on self-imposed problems caused by people who use drugs as a recreational way to get high?
Alberta's priorities are the headline of the day while real problems are ignored, such as Canadian veterans who are devalued to the point where they sleep on an exhaust vent on the sidewalk.
Dorothy R. McMillan, West Kelowna, B.C.
"The industry is shady, it needs to be taken over."
I n an attempt to do away with the bots – that somehow take all of our hopes and dreams – END. Clothing initiates n an attempt to do away with the bots – that somehow take all of our hopes and dreams – END. Clothing initiates END.Launches , a dedicated microsite and registration system for limited edition sneakers. This mission, is to level the playing field for genuine sneaker fans. Not only is the idea great, it is an innovative way of approaching e-commerce.
Here's How It Works:
Register for any release by entering your email address, shipping address and choosing your size. When the product drops END. will email all registrants a link to the purchase page. On clicking the link, you'll join a queue system with stock allocated on a first come first served basis. If you are allocated stock, you will have 5 minutes to complete the payment/checkout process. If a user does not complete payment within 5 minutes, the product will be re-allocated to the next person in the queue. If you think that's good news, read below, for the list of restocks coming to .END within the next couple of weeks.
If you think that's good news, read below, for the list of restocks coming to .END within the next couple of weeks.
PRESIDENT Trump has left a 32,000-word out-of-office email message, including discussion of the electoral college and their daughter's business, for while they are away.
The out-of-office, written by Trump himself, begins by stating that they will be on vacation but continuing to work harder than any other president, and also that they are better than all of them at golf.
The email also speculates on the ‘disrespectful' enquiries likely to be received from ‘the failing fake news media' who refuse to cover the administration's many incredible achievements.
The reply then veers off to tell a long, rambling story about a mall-building millionaire who Trump once knew, before lurching into vehement denials of collusion with Russia which confirm several key details about collusion with Russia.
White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said: “It doesn't matter. Nothing matters anymore. Haven't you noticed?”
Image caption The protesters want a greater share of seats in Libya's new parliament for the country's east
Protesters demanding greater autonomy for eastern Libya have ransacked the offices of Libya's electoral authority in Benghazi, witnesses say.
About 300 people chanting pro-autonomy slogans took ballot boxes out of the building and burnt election papers in the street, a witness told Reuters.
Libya is to elect a new parliament on Saturday, in the first democratic polls since the ousting of Muammar Gaddafi.
Pro-autonomy leaders in eastern Libya have called for a boycott of the vote.
They want eastern Libya to be given a larger share of seats in the new 200-member legislature, which is tasked with drawing up a constitution.
Libya's electoral law apportions 60 seats to eastern Libya and 102 to the west, with 38 going to the rest of the country.
"A group of people entered the commission's premises, ransacked the offices and destroyed what they found inside the building," the Benghazi head of the High National Election Commission, Jamal Bukrin, told AFP.
The call to boycott Saturday's vote was made by a group that has proclaimed itself the authority of a semi-autonomous territory in Cyrenaica, or eastern Libya.
Oil-rich
One of the movement's leaders, Abdeljawad al-Badin, described the violence as the protesters' "reaction to the authorities disregard for their demands".
Image caption Libya's pre-1963 federal regions
Cyrenaica contains two-thirds of Libya's oil reserves, but felt marginalised under Gaddafi's rule.
It was one of three regions that formed part of a federal system before 1963, along with Tripolitania around the capital Tripoli in the north-west, and Fezzan in the south-west.
In March, a rally in Benghazi calling for a semi-autonomy for Cyrenaica turned violent, leaving one person dead.
Libya's interim authorities have struggled to restore stability since Gaddafi was removed from power last year in an uprising originating in Benghazi and other eastern cities.
Frequent clashes have taken place between rival militias that have refused to disarm since the end of the fighting.
By: Sivaraj Pragasm
Known as the world's oldest profession, prostitution is something that some consider a necessary evil, and others consider a moral corruption. In Vietnam, the mindset has always skewed towards the latter due to the country's strong Confucian value system. But even though this may seem surprising to some, prostitution is actually still illegal in this country.
While prostitution has been made legal in about 70 countries worldwide according to the United Nations Development Program, it is still frowned upon in most societies even though there have been arguments to prove that banning prostitution doesn't actually stop it from happening.
Trieu Huy Tao, an official in the central province of Thanh Hoa said that prostitution exists “whether you recognise it or not.” They added that different agencies have spent years fighting prostitution in vain.
“Instead of fighting it, we should focus on measures to reduce the negative impacts,” they said with regards to human trafficking, sexual abuse and sexually transmitted diseases.
The Stand Against Prostitution
Vietnam has, over the years, relaxed its stance on enforcing this ban. According to an article by VnExpress International, punishment for soliciting sex changed in 2013 from compulsory rehabilitation to a fine of not more than US$100.
Image source: news.zing.vn
But in a Tuoi Tre report in 2014, Deputy Prime Minister Vu Duc Dam emphasised that Vietnam will not change its stance towards prostitution.
Things might change soon, however, if a new proposal to establish “red-light” areas comes to fruition.
Establishing Red-Light Areas
Phung Quoc Hien, the vice chairperson of the legislative National Assembly, said that Vietnam should consider establishing regulated red-light districts in certain special economic zones at a meeting of the Assembly's Standing Committee.
This is supported by proponents of legalisation of prostitution in Vietnam, who say the move is critical, as it will likely reduce the transmission of HIV among sex workers. They also claim that even though Vietnam had declared a “war on prostitution”, sex work still continues to thrive.
Image source: 3.bp.blogspot.com
Khuat Thi Thu Hong, director of the Institute of Social Development Studies, said that strict prohibition could never work.
“There's a lot of evidence showing that wherever prostitution is outlawed, it will operate in secret forms that cannot be controlled,” they added.
Hong also said that bringing sex services into special areas is something other countries have done, with positive results.
A Sensitive Matter
Tran Chi Dung, director of the tourism department in Kien Giang Province, told Tuoi Tre that “this is a sensitive matter.”
They said the decision to open a casino on Phu Quoc Island came after many rounds of discussions, and they feel that legalising prostitution should be dealt with in the same cautious manner.
Image source: nguoinoitieng.net.vn
When government officials debated the ban on local gamblers, opponents of the ban said Vietnamese gamblers went abroad instead.
A government-endorsed study by Augustine Ha Ton Vinh, an academic who researched Vietnam's gaming industry extensively, pointed out that the country loses as much as US$800 million per year in tax revenues from Vietnamese gamblers who travel to Cambodia.
This resulted in an announcement last December by Prime Minister Nguyen Xuan Phuc that the Politburo had granted permission for Vietnamese citizens to gamble at two casinos in the country; one being built in Phu Quoc Island and a new one to open in Van Don. However, comparing gambling to prostitution does not take the sex workers into account, many of whom currently live under the constant threat of disease and abuse.
The Other Factor
In an article by Thanh Nien News, sex workers expressed their opinion about the possible legalisation of sex work.
T., a sex worker in Go Vap District, said they would not have been infected with HIV if the proposal had come sooner. They also said sex workers like them have to deal with exploitation by pimps and brothel keepers.
“I make around VND200,000 (US$9) a time and they would take nearly half. If I refuse, they would beat me and prevent me from finding new clients,” they added.
Image source: baomoi.com
They said a legal red-light district would protect sex workers from such exploitation, and save them from fleeing at the sight of authorities.
The debate on legalising prostitution also introduces the dilemma of whether the country can uphold its traditional Confucian values while making way for increasingly liberal laws.
Opponents of legalisation also fear that a proper lack of enforcement could see prostitution spiral out of control, normalising it to a degree similar to the trade in Bangkok, which is cheekily referred to as the sex capital of the world.
However, even if sex work is actually legalised in Vietnam, no concrete plan details how the authorities will deal with the trade.
Banner image source: saigoneer.com
(Image: Lisa Carey/Twitter)
THE COOMBE WOMEN and Infants University Hospital in Dublin has said it is now undertaking a review of its menu after a picture of a meal served to one of the women in the hospital was posted online.
The image, seen above, showing a sausage roll, some overcooked wedges and a dollop of tomato ketchup was posted on Twitter after it was served in one of the wards last week.
Following a query from TheJournal.ie regarding the meal, a spokesperson from the Coombe described it as “unacceptable”.
“The hospital prepares and serves food for our patients in accordance with the Department of Health guidelines on “Food and Nutritional Care in Hospitals”. Patients are offered a healthier option at each meal time, usually a salad.”
“In light of your query however, we are now undergoing a review of our menu and will look to improve the choices we offer,” the spokesperson said.
O pponents of measures to improve ballot integrity like to deny that voter fraud exists. “Voter fraud is very rare, [and] voter impersonation is nearly non-existent,” asserts a statement by NYU law school's Brennan Center entitled “ pponents of measures to improve ballot integrity like to deny that voter fraud exists. “Voter fraud is very rare, [and] voter impersonation is nearly non-existent,” asserts a statement by NYU law school's Brennan Center entitled “ The Myth of Voter Fraud. ” That claim, so common on the left, is based on an assumption that election officials are on the lookout for fraud and mistakes. But incidents in states from Virginia to Pennsylvania to New York show that too many election officials are ignoring or even covering up the systemic problems brought to their attention. One way not to find something is simply not to look.
According to a 2012 Pew Research Center survey, one out of eight American voter registrations is inaccurate, out-of-date, or a duplicate. Some 2.8 million people are registered in two or more states, and 1.8 million registered voters are dead.
Even though that's a rich vein of potential mischief for fraudsters, the Obama administration hasn't filed a single lawsuit in eight years demanding that counties clean up their voter rolls, as they are required to do by the federal “motor voter” law. I've spoken to three Justice Department lawyers who attended a meeting on Nov. 30, 2009, in which they claim then-deputy assistant attorney general Julie Fernandez said the DOJ would not be enforcing that provision of the motor voter law because it ran counter to the law's overall goal of “increasing turnout.” (Ms. Fernandez did not respond to repeated requests for comment.)
J. Christian Adams, who previously worked in the Justice Department's Voting Rights Section and attended the 2009 Fernandez meeting, now heads the Public Interest Law Foundation. They have forced several counties in states such as Mississippi and Texas to clean up their voter rolls. But in many other states, their efforts have run into outright obstructionism. They were able to get voter-registration records from eight of Virginia's 133 cities and counties, and found 1046 illegal aliens who were illegally registered to vote. In the decade between 2005 and 2015, a number of those aliens had voted some 300 times. Their presence on the voter rolls was only discovered if, in renewing their driver's licenses, they corrected their past false claims of citizenship.
Adams's group also discovered systemic problems in Philadelphia , where 86 illegal aliens had their voter registrations canceled from 2013 to 2015, 40 of whom had voted in at least one election. Philadelphia's voter rolls are so sloppily managed, according to the group's report, that it's hard for undocumented immigrants to have their names removed even when they ask, and officials make no attempt to ensure voters who are incarcerated for felonies get removed from the voter rolls.
Asked how ineligible voters could be registered in Philadelphia, a city election official, who won't identify himself, says, “I have no idea what they're talking about. No, there aren't,” before abruptly hanging up the phone.
Sometimes the reaction of city officials to revelations that they are presiding over a flawed system can become an effort to silence critics. In 2013, New York City's Department of Investigations dispatched undercover agents to 63 polling places. The agents assumed the names of people who had died, moved out of town, or were sitting in jail. In 61 instances, or 97 percent of the time, they were allowed to vote, because no photo ID was required. (They cast only meaningless write-in votes so as not to affect the outcome of any contest.)
The DOI published a searing 70-page report accusing the city's Board of Elections of incompetence, waste, nepotism, and lax protocols. But far from launching an internal probe, the Board approved a bipartisan resolution referring DOI investigators for prosecution. It also asked the state's attorney general to determine whether DOI had violated the civil rights of voters who had moved or are felons, and it sent a letter of complaint to Mayor Bill de Blasio.
While New York City's reaction is an extreme case, election officials in other parts of the country too often resist addressing systemic problems when they come to light. Adams couldn't find a single case where election officials in the jurisdictions they examined recommended any illegal non-citizen voters for prosecution. “There can be a real reluctance to have dirty laundry aired,” former Minnesota secretary of state Mary Kiffmeyer tells me. But by actively thwarting legitimate efforts to improve election integrity and efficiency, officials will only undermine public confidence in the validity of the voting that is the cornerstone of our government.
The advice of etiquette experts on dealing with unwanted invitations, or overly demanding requests for favours, has always been the same: just say no. That may have been a useless mantra in the war on drugs, but in the war on relatives who want to stay for a fortnight, or colleagues trying to get you to do their work, the manners guru Emily Post's formulation – "I'm afraid that won't be possible" – remains the gold standard. Excuses merely invite negotiation. The comic retort has its place (Peter Cook: "Oh dear, I find I'm watching television that night"), and I'm fond of the tautological non-explanation ("I can't, because I'm unable to"). But these are variations on a theme: the best way to say no is to say no. Then shut up.
This is a lesson we're unable to learn, however, judging by the scores of books promising to help us. The Power Of A Positive No, How To Say No Without Feeling Guilty, The Book Of No... Publishers, certainly, seem unable to refuse. (Two recent books addressing the topic are Marshall Goldsmith's Mojo, and Womenomics, by Claire Shipman and Katty Kay.) This is the "disease to please" – a phrase that doesn't make grammatical sense, but rhymes, giving it instant pop-psychology cachet. There are certainly profound issues here, of self-esteem, guilt etcetera. But it's also worth considering whether part of the problem doesn't originate in a simple misunderstanding between two types of people: Askers and Guessers.
This terminology comes from a brilliant web posting by Andrea Donderi that's achieved minor cult status online. We are raised, the theory runs, in one of two cultures. In Ask culture, people grow up believing they can ask for anything – a favour, a pay rise– fully realising the answer may be no. In Guess culture, by contrast, you avoid "putting a request into words unless you're pretty sure the answer will be yes… A key skill is putting out delicate feelers. If you do this with enough subtlety, you won't have to make the request directly; you'll get an offer. Even then, the offer may be genuine or pro forma; it takes yet more skill and delicacy to discern whether you should accept."
Neither's "wrong", but when an Asker meets a Guesser, unpleasantness results. An Asker won't think it's rude to request two weeks in your spare room, but a Guess culture person will hear it as presumptuous and resent the agony involved in saying no. Your boss, asking for a project to be finished early, may be an overdemanding boor – or just an Asker, who's assuming you might decline. If you're a Guesser, you'll hear it as an expectation. This is a spectrum, not a dichotomy, and it explains cross-cultural awkwardnesses, too: Brits and Americans get discombobulated doing business in Japan, because it's a Guess culture, yet experience Russians as rude, because they're diehard Askers.
Self-help seeks to make us all Askers, training us to both ask and refuse with relish; the mediation expert William Ury recommends memorising "anchor phrases" such as "that doesn't work for me". But Guessers can take solace in logic: in many social situations (though perhaps not at work) the very fact that you're receiving an anxiety-inducing request is proof the person asking is an Asker. They or they are half-expecting you'll say no, and has no inkling of the torture you're experiencing. So say no, and see what happens. Nothing will.
oliver.burkeman@theguardian.com
Ahead of a vote scheduled for Tuesday afternoon, however, senior officials from the State Department and Pentagon are holding a top-secret briefing on the arms sale to persuade the senators and their staff to support it, according to an invitation obtained by The Intercept.
After President Donald Trump signed a hastily-assembled $110 billion weapons deal during their visit to Saudi Arabia last month, Sens. Chris Murphy, D-Conn., Rand Paul, R-Ky., and Al Franken, D-Minn., introduced a bipartisan resolution of disapproval for a transfer of precision-guided weapons. If passed, it would force the Senate to vote on whether to block the transfer.
The Trump administration is engaged in a last-ditch lobbying effort to stop the Senate from condemning a $500 million weapons transfer to Saudi Arabia as the kingdom wages a brutal, U.S.-backed war in Yemen.
The briefing, which was organized by Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, R-Ky., will be conducted by Tina Kaidanow, the State Department's acting assistant secretary for political-military affairs, and Timothy Lenderking, deputy assistant secretary for near-eastern affairs. Both are career officials at the State Department, not political appointees. They'll be joined by an unnamed brigadier general-level Defense Department official.
“It's really unfortunate that Senate majority leadership decided to hold this briefing in secret,” said Kate Kizer, advocacy director at the Yemen Peace Project, which opposes the arms deal. “Americans deserve to know the conduct of our allies, especially when the U.S. is intimately involved in starving potentially millions of Yemeni civilians by continuing to provide unconditional support to the Saudi-led coalition.”
After Saudi Arabia bombed a funeral hall in October in its war against Houthi rebels in Yemen, the Obama administration put a temporary hold on a sale of precision-guided munition to the Persian Gulf dictatorship. An Obama administration official told Reuters that they halted the sale because of “systemic, endemic” problems with Saudi Arabia's targeting decision.”They're not picking the right targets,” the official said, citing the funeral bombing.
The Trump administration, though, wasted no time in reversing the decision and moving forward with the sale.
Amid the bi-partisan clamor against the deal, Murphy, a liberal on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, has emerged as a leading opponent of the arms transfer.
“The Saudis will tell you they need these precision-guided missiles to more effectively target Houthi military assets inside Yemen,” Murphy said on a press call last week. “They're not telling the truth. The fact is, they have deliberately targeted humanitarian and civilian assets within Yemen. They are purposefully trying to create a humanitarian nightmare — that they can starve the Yemenis to the negotiating table. The United States should not be a part of that strategy.”
Since March 2015, Saudi Arabia has waged a brutal war of collective punishment in Yemen. Houthi rebels had ousted the Saudi-backed leader in 2014. A U.S.-supported naval blockade has left 19 million people — more than two-thirds of the country's population — in need of life saving aid and 7 million on the brink of starvation and famine. Meanwhile, the Saudi air force has deliberately bombed food sources — like farms and fishing villages — as well as factories, hospitals, and children's schools.
The U.S. has been a constant partner in the war since the beginning. Under President Barack Obama, the U.S. provided Saudi Arabia with targeting intelligence, helped refuel Saudi aircraft, and resupplied the Saudi military with more than $20 billion in weapons.
Murphy and Paul tried to pass a similar resolution of disapproval during Obama's presidency last fall, but the measure failed by a 71-27 vote.
One-armed suspect surprises deputy when prosthesis pops off after fumbled bank robbery
Matthew Meguiar could not take the bag of cash from the Fairwinds Credit Union because it would not fit through a slot, deputies say.
"The suspect's arm came off during this arrest," said sheriff's spokesperson Jeff Williamson.
Caught walking out of the bank in west Orlando, Matthew Meguiar struggled briefly and gave Deputy Christopher Thomas one of the surprises of their career.
Monday's holdup of the Fairwinds Credit Union was fairly routine until the suspect's arm popped off, according to the Orange County Sheriff's Office.
After handcuffing Meguiar, 26, as well as they could, deputies placed the prosthesis on the roof of a patrol car while they questioned witnesses about the attempted robbery at 6329 W. Colonial Drive, according to Williamson and arrest records.
A teller told deputies that Meguiar walked into the lobby about 1:45 p.m. and handed them a note, "This is a robbery, bills in bag." The teller recognized Meguiar as a regular customer, a report states.
After filling a bag with cash, teller Marc Nguyen tried to push it through a slot in the teller's cage. Upon being told it was too big to slide through the slot, Meguiar "turned around and walked out the door" without the cash, the report states.
Another teller, Irene Lopez, told deputies they recognized Meguiar from high school years earlier and that they also lived in their apartment complex a half-mile from the credit union, the report states.
A surveillance camera in the lobby showed a man identified by tellers and other witnesses as Meguiar, the man they saw try to hold up the business, the report states.
The suspect's mother, who was not identified, told investigators that their son had been diagnosed as severely depressed and that they suffered from psychotic episodes. When arrested, Meguiar was sweating profusely, very pale and refused to tell deputies or a physician at the Orange County Jail if they had ingested any prescription or illegal drugs, the report states.
Meguiar remained held without bail Tuesday on a charge of attempted robbery.
Henry Pierson Curtis can be reached at 407-420-5257 or hcurtis@orlandosentinel.com.
Social Policy
The Success of the Earned Income Tax Credit
By Hilary Hoynes ·
University of California, Berkeley
The Issue:
The EITC reduces poverty directly through the tax credits it provides working families, but also indirectly – and quite significantly – by incentivizing work.
The Facts:
The EITC is a refundable federal tax credit that low- to moderate-income families and individuals can claim on their tax returns. The EITC encourages work since the credit is only available to those with earned income. The EITC essentially acts as an earnings subsidy for the lowest levels of income for which it is applicable, does not decrease in dollar terms for the intermediate range of relevant income, and then, in the highest levels of income for which it applies, the credit is phased out with each additional dollar of adjusted income. The phase-out is more gradual compared to many other benefits, which may be why research finds that it does not discourage greater earnings. The actual values of income relating to these three ranges depend upon the number of children in the household and whether or not the tax return is for a married couple or an individual.
The EITC encourages work since the credit is only available to those with earned income. The EITC essentially acts as an earnings subsidy for the lowest levels of income for which it is applicable, does not decrease in dollar terms for the intermediate range of relevant income, and then, in the highest levels of income for which it applies, the credit is phased out with each additional dollar of adjusted income. The phase-out is more gradual compared to many other benefits, which may be why research finds that it does not discourage greater earnings. The actual values of income relating to these three ranges depend upon the number of children in the household and whether or not the tax return is for a married couple or an individual. The EITC reached 28.5 million tax filers in 2014. Under the 2015 tax rules, a single taxpayer is eligible for an EITC if they or they have an annual income up to $39,131 and if they claim one child as a dependent, up to $44,454 with two children, and $47,747 with three or more children. The median household income in that year was $56,516, so the EITC extends deeply into the income distribution. The refund available from the EITC can be as much as 45 percent of a family's pre-tax income; the maximum credit in 2015 was $3,359 for families with one child, $5,548 for families with two children, and $6,242 for families with three children.
Under the 2015 tax rules, a single taxpayer is eligible for an EITC if they or they have an annual income up to $39,131 and if they claim one child as a dependent, up to $44,454 with two children, and $47,747 with three or more children. The median household income in that year was $56,516, so the EITC extends deeply into the income distribution. The refund available from the EITC can be as much as 45 percent of a family's pre-tax income; the maximum credit in 2015 was $3,359 for families with one child, $5,548 for families with two children, and $6,242 for families with three children. The EITC increases after tax income and reduces poverty due to the direct tax benefits and, importantly, indirectly as well by incentivizing work. Its effect on promoting work is shown with reference to the last major policy change in the EITC, in 1994, when there was an increase for credits for families with children relative to that for families without children (see chart). The dashed line represents the difference in the maximum credit for single women with children as compared to the maximum credit for single women without children; this line shows the effect of the policy change that began in 1994. The circles represent the estimated difference in employment between single women with children and single women without children. The figure shows that the increase in the relative benefits of working due to the policy change that favored families with children is associated with an increase in the estimated employment difference across these two groups of single women. In a forthcoming publication with Ankur J. Patel, we show that failing to take into account these indirect benefits leads to an underestimation of the anti-poverty benefits of the EITC by as much as 50 percent.
Its effect on promoting work is shown with reference to the last major policy change in the EITC, in 1994, when there was an increase for credits for families with children relative to that for families without children (see chart). The dashed line represents the difference in the maximum credit for single women with children as compared to the maximum credit for single women without children; this line shows the effect of the policy change that began in 1994. The circles represent the estimated difference in employment between single women with children and single women without children. The figure shows that the increase in the relative benefits of working due to the policy change that favored families with children is associated with an increase in the estimated employment difference across these two groups of single women. In a forthcoming publication with Ankur J. Patel, we show that failing to take into account these indirect benefits leads to an underestimation of the anti-poverty benefits of the EITC by as much as 50 percent. The benefits of the EITC have been shown to extend to maternal and children's health, as well as to children's development. Changes in the EITC in 1993 offer a type of natural experiment that enabled researchers to consider the effects of the program on a range of outcomes. The EITC was found to improve the health of mothers, and reduce their smoking, as well as smoking by pregnant single mothers. The EITC was also found to improve birth outcomes, raise test scores for children, increase high school completion and college attendance rates, which translate into better employment outcomes.
What this Means: Much of the recently proposed tax reforms are regressive in that the main changes benefit the upper income earners. This regressivity extends to the proposed changes in childcare tax breaks, which would provide little or no benefit to lower income families. Alternatively, the EITC has proven to be an important way to support the working poor and the children in these families. But the EITC largely bypasses families without children – in 2015, the maximum benefit from this program accruing to them was only $503. An extension of the successful EITC to this set of people is warranted as well.
The Earned Income Tax Credit (EITC) is a major anti-poverty program that benefits both children and adults. It is a program with wide bipartisan support since, by providing a tax credit to lower-income working families in a way that incentivizes work, it both promotes greater labor force participation and supports the working poor. It currently does not provide much support for individuals or households without children, but there has been bipartisan support in the past for an expansion of the program to provide greater benefits to this group as well.
Washington (CNN) The United States is now a party of one in its stance on climate change.
Syria will join the Paris climate agreement, leaving the US as the only country in the world not signed on to the landmark climate deal.
Syrian officials announced their intention to ratify the accord at the UN Climate Change Conference (COP23) in Bonn, Germany, on Tuesday.
"I confirm that the Syrian Arab Republic supports the implementation of Paris climate change accord, in order to achieve the desired global goals and to reflect the principles of justice and shared responsibility, but in accordance with the capabilities of each of the signatories," Syria's Deputy Minister of Local Administration and Environment M. Wadah Katmawi said.
Katmawi added that developed countries, "in their capacity as the primary contributors to climate change, should live up to their legal and humanitarian responsibility" by offering technical and financial support to developing countries to help battle climate change.
Neil J. Young is the author of We Gather Together: The Religious Right and the Problem of Interfaith Politics, and a cohost of the history podcast Past Present.
There seems to be no more controversial place in American life right now than the public restroom. It's become the latest battlefield in the culture wars — an issue so electric that the most powerful politicians in the country have weighed in: President Barack Obama, Attorney General Loretta Lynch, Hillary Clinton, Bernie Sanders, Ted Cruz, and Donald Trump.
In 2016, at least 15 states have considered “bathroom bills” similar to the legislation recently enacted in North Carolina, which blocks transgender people from using bathrooms that don't correspond to the sex listed on their birth certificates. Opponents of these proposals have argued that the real impetus isn't restroom protocol; it's part of an ugly attempt by social conservatives to score a victory against a surging LGBT movement.
Story Continued Below
But it would be a mistake to see the bathroom bills as nothing more than a desperate last-minute counterpunch against an ascendant gay-rights movement. There's a forgotten history at play: For as long as public restrooms have existed, they've been a political flash point.
For generations, Americans have imparted bathrooms with their deepest anxieties about changing social norms and practices. From the Industrial Revolution to Jim Crow to women's lib to today, restrooms have been a proxy for political fights on almost every major issue in American life — race, class, gender, crime, sexuality, you name it. Much like our current foray, past bathroom brawls drew the involvement of the marquee figures of those eras — President Jimmy Carter, Governor Ronald Reagan, President Lyndon Johnson, and Rev. Martin Luther King Jr., and Phyllis Schlafly, among many others.
If the past is any guide, we shouldn't count on the current struggle over restrooms for transgender people being easy or quick. In fact, bathrooms have proven a surprisingly powerful political lever over the years. They've been pivotal in many political arguments — and, in perhaps the most masterful harnessing of bathroom anxiety in American history, a largely invented controversy over unisex bathrooms in the 1970s ultimately killed off the almost-enacted Equal Rights Amendment to the Constitution.
* * *
For more than 100 years, Americans have projected their most profound fears about social change onto public restrooms. And just as we've seen in the 2016 campaign — with Ted Cruz running an ad that asks “Should a grown man pretending to be a woman be allowed to use … the same restroom used by your daughter? Your wife?” — women's restrooms especially have borne the brunt of these fears.
As public restrooms emerged in the 19th century, American men and women both viewed ladies' rooms as a public extension of the home — a safe spot where women could escape the outside world and its dangers. As the number of women working in factories and mills increased, so too did cultural anxieties about ladies leaving the protection and privacy of the domestic sphere. Governments started making bathrooms their business, enacting laws requiring sex-segregated public restrooms, beginning with Massachusetts in 1887. By 1920, 43 other states had put similar laws on the books.
In the decades that followed, changes in the 20th-century middle-class American home similarly shaped attitudes and laws regarding public restrooms. Following World War II, suburbia blossomed and white middle-class American families moved into new homes that exhibited luxuries previously available to only the upper class — including multiple restrooms. Now, middle-class parents could enjoy master bathrooms, with separate, more modest accommodations for their children. In some homes, parents even assigned their sons and daughters different bathrooms to avoid any improper moments between their children. These changes strengthened the idea that the bathroom should be a zone of personal privacy, but also endowed bathrooms — even in anodyne suburban homes — with a latent sexual charge.
Such attitudes helped shape white resistance to desegregation of public spaces, restrooms included, during the civil rights movement. In the Jim Crow South, white racism branded black men as sexual predators imperiling the virtue of white women. With black women seen as their accomplices, integrated restrooms posed a threat: unclean and oversexualized black men would, by proxy, have access to white women.
In 1961's Turner v. Randolph case, the City of Memphis, Tennessee, employed this exact rationale in opposing the desegregation of restrooms in its public library. “The public welfare” was at stake, the City argued, because venereal diseases were commonplace among blacks, and an integrated ladies' room would put white women at risk of catching VD from black women. During this era, segregationist literature across the South told parents to keep their daughters home from integrated schools lest they catch VD from young black women now using the school restrooms. In Mississippi, one white second-grade teacher worried that if their school integrated, their white students would “contract syphilis” from toilet seats used by black children.
At the same time, public fears about a “homosexual menace” overtaking the nation stoked alarm that young boys faced sexual danger in public restrooms. A police crackdown on same-sex sexual activity in men's restrooms in the 1950s and 1960s — this at the time when many Americans equated homosexuality with pedophilia — deepened these worries.
Public officials distributed pamphlets warning about “child attackers” who hid out in public restrooms to capture their prey. “Never wait or play around toilets. Always leave immediately,” a popular 1954 pamphlet used across the nation instructed. The 1961 public service film, “Boys Beware,” broadcasted those ideas to an even larger audience. “Public restrooms can often be a hangout for the homosexual,” a narrator ominously explained. “Bobby and their friends hadn't noticed the man who had been in the restroom when they changed.” Bobby and their friends had erred in treating their restroom as a safe space — the very mistake predators relied on to carry out their crimes. School children understood the message: Boys had to be on guard when they entered public restrooms, vigilant against the violent, sexual dangers that lurked there.
* * *
While the homophobic “lavender scare” had subsided by the 1970s, conservative activist Phyllis Schlafly drew on both its legacy and on the white backlash to the civil rights movement to mount a brilliant attack on the Equal Rights Amendment. A proposed constitutional amendment guaranteeing sex equality under the law, the ERA had been passed by Congress in 1972 and sent to the states for ratification. By 1974, 33 states had passed the ERA, just five short of the number needed for full ratification. Though the odds of stopping the amendment looked poor, Schlafly quickly organized a national movement to block the ERA's adoption.
Schlafly's main objection to the amendment concerned its second clause, which they worried would give the federal government unrestricted power. They quickly realized that this technocratic argument inspired little passion among their foot soldiers. Instead, they wanted them to focus on how the amendment would change their lives and their families. Schlafly contended that if passed, the ERA would destroy the traditional family — and thus society itself — by eradicating sexual difference.
The argument depended on fanciful leaps of logic, but after the tumult of the civil rights movement and the sexual revolution, their audience was primed to imagine the worst. In Schlafly's telling, the consequences of an ERA would know no end. While feminists argued that the ERA would provide women with equal protections in areas like employment and education, Schlafly warned the amendment's effects would extend into that rare sanctuary of privacy and safety that women had outside the home: the ladies' room.
Once gender equality had been guaranteed under the Constitution, Schlafly cautioned, no laws could prevent men from entering women's bathrooms. Public restrooms could become a dangerous trap.
ERA advocates called their bathroom talk ridiculous. “There's been a lot of distortions about the Equal Rights Amendment,” said President Jimmy Carter. “It doesn't say anything about bathrooms.” But Schlafly's attack was shrewd, pulling together the different strands of bathroom panics that had excited Americans for decades. Slyly drawing on the loaded language of the prior decade, Schlafly and their allies warned that ERA would “integrate public toilets.” Since most Southern states had yet to vote on the ERA, language that suggested it would follow the recent racial integration of public restrooms with sex integration ensured a spirited Southern opposition to the amendment.
Tapping into the oldest concerns about women's public restrooms, a pamphlet from Schlafly's powerful STOP ERA organization claimed that women would lose their “right to privacy based on sex” in “public restrooms and other public facilities.” The ERA, said former Governor Ronald Reagan, could “degrade and defeminize women by forcing them to mingle with men in close, intimate quarters.” As it always had, the notion of privacy carried deeper meanings of safety and protection, which Schlafly now warned would be eliminated. The ERA, its opponents charged, would grant men, including rapists and pedophiles, equal access to women's restrooms.
In describing rapists and pedophiles hiding out in public restrooms ready to attack unsuspecting women and girls, Schlafly summoned the fear of homosexual predators stalking boys' restrooms, and refashioned it for a new crisis. Convinced that perverts had long made use of men's restrooms, ERA's opponents easily suggested that a new crop of deviants would exploit the law. Anti-ERA cartoons showed rapists freely entering restrooms where a “Persons” sign had replaced the one for “Ladies.” Conservative women besieged their state legislators with letters demanding they vote against the “Common Toilet Law,” the new name they had given the ERA. Some protesters donned costumes, dressing as outhouses adorned with “Theirs” signs, — an effigy of the unisex restrooms they believed the ERA would require.
Lawmakers responded, many explaining they were voting against the ERA to ensure their wives and daughters would never face a sexual predator in their public restrooms, ensuring the amendment's defeat. “I've had enough civil rights to choke a hungry goat,” bellowed Clay Smothers, a Texas state legislator speaking at an anti-ERA rally in 1977. “I ask for victory over the perverts of this country. I want the right to segregate my family from these misfits and perverts.”
* * *
Today, that same logic is behind North Carolina's bathroom bill and similar measures being pushed throughout the country. Drawing from Schlafly's playbook, conservative activists have reframed these civil rights matters as public safety concerns.
In advance of Houston's rejection of an anti-discrimination ordinance in November 2015, one political ad blanketing TV airwaves repeated the image Schlafly had developed 40 years before, showing a sketchy man trapping a young girl in a bathroom stall. “It was about protecting our grandmoms and our mothers and our wives and our sisters and our daughters,” Texas' Lt. Gov. Dan Patrick said after the Houston referendum passed.
North Carolina Governor Pat McCrory has echoed that sentiment. This February, they warned members of the Charlotte City Council that passing a nondiscrimination ordinance guaranteeing legal protections for LGBT people could “create major public safety issues by putting citizens in possible danger from deviant actions by individuals taking improper advantage of a bad policy.” A few weeks later, McCrory signed HB-2, the “bathroom bill.”
For decades, politicians and activists have met cultural unease over restrooms with campaigns and laws aimed at regulating and protecting those spaces. Just as frequently, those acts have depended on curtailing civil rights. The cruelest irony of it all may be that the language of protection and safety — tossed about so freely in these debates — is often used to ensure the very loss of those things for the people who need it most.
Image caption Doctors think Alex Mitchell may have suffered from the same rare heart condition as their granddaughter
The mystery of the man who was reported to have died laughing watching the comedy show The Goodies in the 1970s may have been solved by doctors.
Alex Mitchell, of King's Lynn, Norfolk, suffered heart failure after viewing the Ecky-Thump episode in 1975.
Their granddaughter Lisa Corke, 23, had a near fatal cardiac arrest at home on the Isle of Sheppey, Kent, in May.
They have now been diagnosed with Long QT Syndrome which doctors think could have also caused Mr Mitchell's death.
Mr Mitchell's death after laughing for half an hour watching The Goodies made headlines around the world in 1975.
'Breathing funny'
Later their wife, Nessie, wrote to the show's stars Tim Brooke-Taylor, Graeme Garden and Bill Oddie to thank them for making their final 30 minutes so enjoyable.
Mr Mitchell's son Alex, who was 17 at the time, said: "They just thought it was a heart attack.
"After what happened to Lisa I spoke to my sister, who was with my dad at the time, and my mum... and they said it was as though my dad fainted and started breathing funny.
"Listening to how Mick [Lisa's husband] described what happened to Lisa it was almost identical symptoms.
Image caption Lisa Corke has been fitted with an internal cardiac defibrillator
"That's when the doctors put two and two together and came up with the idea that actually they think it's hereditary."
Consultant cardiologist Dr Pier Lambiase said: "You may find other members of the family that have unexplained deaths and it was put down to a heart attack at the time, but it was actually due to this condition.
"I would say given the fact that their granddaughter, I believe, had Long QT Syndrome and the circumstances of the death it would be good circumstantial evidence.
"To be absolutely certain you would have to see if there was an abnormality in the gene that causes Long QT Syndrome found in the granddaughter [that] is also evident in other members of the family, particularly the individual who passed away."
Mrs Corke was put into a medically induced coma after they suffered the cardiac arrest in May.
They said: "They [doctors] know what it is, they know that it is genetic so hopefully they'll be to find if the children have it, if my brother has it and if my father as well.
"And hopefully protect future generations in our family."
A person with Long QT Syndrome suddenly faints or passes out during exercise, or when experiencing intense emotions, such as fear.
Symptoms typically begin in young children, but may occur in newborns and can appear as late as middle age.
Yet another Apple vulnerability has been exposed by security researchers, that can be exploited to track your finger's every action on iOS Devices i.e. iPhone , iPad etc.The exploit reportedly targets a flaw in iOS multitasking capabilities to capture user inputs, according to Security researchers at FireEye They found a way to bypass the Apple's app review process effectively and created aMonitoring app for non-jailbroken iOS 7.0.x devices.The “” app, that runs in the background of the iPhone is a Keylogger Trojan which could allow hackers to monitor user's activities on the mobile device, including -, and send all collected events to any remote server.According to researchers, their proof-of-concept app works on versions 7.0.4, 7.0.5, 7.0.6, and 6.1.x.
In iOS devices, the application running in the background keeps on refreshing itself; but the researchers also noted that disabling iOS 7's "Background App Refresh" setting would not restrict a malicious app from keylogging.
"For example, an app can play music in the background without turning on its "background app refresh" switch. Thus a malicious app can disguise itself as a music app to conduct background monitoring." FireEye explained, So the only present solution to the problem is to manually remove apps from the task switcher.
Hitler allegedly developed addiction to a heroin-like substance that ruined their veins and could be responsible for their ‘erratic' actions.
A newly translated German book examines in detail how Hitler during the Second World War relied on a cocktail of animal hormones, vitamins, narcotics, and cocaine.
The article drew on an extract derived from Blitzed: Drugs in Nazi Germany, published in the Daily Mail. Author Norman Ohler wrote the dictator was a “super junkie,” and their favored drug contained oxycodone, known in Germany as Eukodal.
Hitler became hooked eventually on a mix of drugs administered by their personal physician, Theodor Morell, nicknamed the “Reich injection master.”
Morell explained how Hitler would go from fatigue and exhaustion to refreshed and very satisfied after the injection of a combination of newly developed vitamin and hormones.
In addition, they also supplied Hitler's lover, Eva Braun, with a similar combination and other drugs to suppress their menstruation, so the duo had more time for intimacy. Morell was steadfast regarding the benefits of physical love including extramarital affairs if required. As written in the book, Morell recalled years after the war that Hitler had often canceled medical examinations to hide bodily wounds resulting from Braun's forceful sexual behavior.
When the Red Army started conquering more territory in late 1944, Hitler became increasingly resistant to the drugs.
Their veins were so damaged that veteran drug–injector Morell found difficulty penetrating them, Ohler wrote. The venous skin from so many perforations became scarred, inflamed and a strange shade of brown. Each injection made a new wound that connected with the previous one. It made an elongated, growing crust; what addicts call track marks, reports the Jerusalem Post.
Hitler's suicide was assisted by drugs, as well, explained the author: with no Eukodal left they chose the bullet.
The book maintains that drugs for Nazis were first tried out with concentration camp prisoners.
In one instance using a cocaine chewing gum, prisoners at Sachsenhausen concentration camp were given very high doses of drugs such as 50 to 100 milligrams of pure cocaine in pill form, Pervitin (akin to crystal meth) as chewing gum, or 20 milligrams of cocaine also supplied as chewing gum.
Prisoners were then forced to march overnight to test the effects. Ohler wrote that after marching seven or eight hours, most stopped marching because of sore feet.
Source…
Spanish veteran David Ferrer blasted the French Open as a “rip-off” on Wednesday as the controversy over forcing players to compete in the pouring rain rumbled on.
After Monday's play was washed out, only two hours was possible on Tuesday in which just two matches were completed.
Ferrer and Tomas Berdych played just three games of their last-16 clash before a halt was called to the soggy affair.
“A rip-off”, thundered Ferrer after losing 6-3, 7-5, 6-3 on Wednesday.
“The players are those who mean the least to the organisers. They want to make money, it may look good to some, but I think this is a scam.
“The conditions were not suitable. Fortunately nobody was hurt. I find it incredible that in such a historic tournament we have not got one or two indoor courts for when there is heavy rain. This seems ridiculous.”
Top 10 women stars Agnieszka Radwanska and Simona Halep both lost on Tuesday in the only ties completed.
Second seed Radwanska said they were “pissed and angry” while Halep accused organisers of ignoring player welfare.
A men's last-16 tie which started on Tuesday even saw Ernests Gulbis, a former semi-finalist, pick up their bag and start to leave the court before they were summoned back by the umpire.
They said that their match against David Goffin, which they lost on resumption Wednesday, should not have started.
“I don't understand what I was doing there. If we're not allowed to play, why should I freeze on the court in the rain? I wanted to go under the roof,” they said.
“In Munich, we had to play when it was snowing -- we're not in a winter sport.”
Goffin said Tuesday's conditions were a “nightmare”.
“I was waiting all day. I was completely exhausted in the evening. I was almost certain we wouldn't play, we wouldn't be sent to the courts to play. Yet they said, ‘Just try'.
“And before we were on the courts it was raining. I wanted to go back home.”
World number one Novak Djokovic said they understood the anger felt by players. Djokovic should have started their last-16 match against Roberto Bautista Agut on Monday afternoon.
However, they only played two and a half sets on Tuesday before finishing the tie on Wednesday afternoon, leaving them facing a schedule of four matches in five days if they are to clinch a first Roland Garros title.
“Of course sometimes, the tournament referees and the grounds people, they are trying to do their best to evaluate the condition of the court,” said Djokovic, after their 3-6, 6-4, 6-1, 7-5 win.
“Sometimes it does appear that maybe they don't because they don't play, they don't maybe to a full extent understand what you go through with your movement and why is it so dangerous.
“It was funny and unacceptable as well at the same time to have a chair umpire come in in elegant shoes and try to slide and check whether or not the lines are slippery.”
Djokovic said that only a match at Wimbledon early in their career -- played over five days -- took longer to complete.
Tournament director Guy Forget said the rain had been the heaviest in Paris since 1873.
They hit back at allegations that organisers were only thinking in terms of saving themselves another financial hit by having to refund thousands of shivering and wet spectators.
Monday's wipeout cost around two million euros, the French tennis federation estimated.
Forget said that the decision to call off play lies solely at the discretion of tournament referee Stefan Fransson.
“Respect for the game always takes precedence,” said Forget in a statement.
“Our aim was to play for as long as possible, even if that meant being criticised for playing in difficult conditions.”
First Published: Jun 01, 2016 23:12 IST
FILE - An Orthodox Jewish man walks past pictures and names of victims of the 1994 bombing of the Argentine Israeli Mutual Association (AMIA) Jewish community center placed outside the AMIA building after the commemoration of the 19th anniversary of the bombing, in Buenos Aires July 18, 2013. REUTERS/Marcos Brindicci
Buenos Aires, Argentina - An Orthodox party has won an outright majority in elections for the leadership of the AMIA Jewish community center here, representing a power shift in local Jewish politics.
Advertisement:
The results of Sunday's election released Monday showed the Religious United Front with 77 percent of the 6,507 votes. It marked the first time in the 123-year history of AMIA that a religious party obtained more than 50 percent of the vote, meaning it can form a leadership coalition without the support of other parties.
AMIA serves as an umbrella organization for Jewish social service, cultural and education agencies.
The Religious United Front disagrees with other leadership slates on core issues such as conversion, interfaith marriage and the types of Jewish education that AMIA must support. AMIA's leadership determines policies for the Jewish cemetery it runs and directs subsidies to needy Jewish students.
Finishing in second with 13 percent of the vote was a coalition representing Avoda and Likud, two Zionist slates. The Conservative movement's Masorti was third with 9 percent.
An assembly of representatives of all the parties will determine the next AMIA president. The Orthodox will have 70 representatives in the assembly, the Avoda-Likud coalition 12 and Masorti 8.
In April 2011, tensions between the emerging Orthodox party and the non-Orthodox factions that ran AMIA for more than a century drew a record turnout for elections, with 10,757 members voting. The Religious United Front fell short of a majority and a non-Orthodox coalition retained leadership.
AMIA has always chosen its leaders by democratic vote, even when Argentina was not a democracy and was ruled by military dictatorships. The center was the target of a terrorist attack in July 1994 that killed 85 people as well as the bomber.
What I mean is this: Many of the biggest Jewish federations in America have special fundraising sub-groups organized around specific professions, including lawyers. Let's encourage these lawyers' division to write to the prime minister and tell them that, as much as they would love to have them visit and share their views with them, American lawyers -- and in particular, First Amendment lawyers, half of whom, it seems, are Jewish -- don't feel it is appropriate to honor a speaker who advocates punishing others for exercising their right to free speech.
There is wall-to-wall opposition among American Jews toward this ridiculous law, and this opposition needs to be communicated to the prime minister and to the Knesset in very clear ways, before Israel slips further down the slope away from democracy.
Oh, and by the way, I've just gotten a report that the greatest Zionist in American history, Justice Louis D. Brandeis, is, in fact, currently rolling over in their grave.
UPDATE: Good God, my inbox is filled up with stupid shit today. The stupid shit is coming in two categories: Israel-haters, welcoming me to their deranged club, and Israel-right-or-wrongers, accusing me of treason. To the Israel-haters: Criticism of a specific Israeli policy or law does not make me an Israel-hater. Sorry. One letter states, "So you're finally seeing that Israel is an apartheid state." Well, no. What I see is an Israeli prime minister not brave enough to stand up to a revanchist minority within their own party. Because I love Israel, I would like to see Netanyahu come out against laws that punish free speech. Here's another letter: "So you endorse a boycott of Netanyahu. That means you find boycotts legitimate." Okay, that one I can't even respond to, it's so dumb. Okay, here I go, responding anyway: I'm trying to make the point that it is vital for pro-Israel American Jews who care about free speech (the heavily-Jewish First Amendment bar comes to mind) to let Prime Minister Netanyahu he's wrong, why he's wrong, the consequences of being wrong, and how to fix the wrong he's done. That's all. But yes, I do think it would be odd and unseemly for a lawyers' division of a Jewish federation to honor them at this moment, given what seem to be their evolving views on free speech. It would be great if they would come to New York and meet some free-speech advocates in the pro-Israel community, so that they can give them a piece of their mind. Of course, they could do this in Jerusalem or Tel Aviv.
To the knee-jerk defenders of every single Likud Party policy, right or wrong: Keep on blinding yourselves. You obviously enjoy the dark. And to the person who wrote this: "Come on, you must know that Israel doesn't have a First Amendment or a Constitution that guarantees free speech," all I can say is this: Since 1948, Israel has been a besieged state that nevertheless has, with rare exceptions, defended the right of people to say whatever they have wanted to say. This is why Israel has the freest press in the world, and why Arab members of Knesset can scream down the prime minister and not get shot. Israel's defense of freedom of speech, even in wartime, is one of the many reasons to be proud of it. Let's not go spoiling this record now.
Attorney General Jeff Sessions may have been the key voice in persuading President Trump to end the Obama-era executive action that granted amnesty to illegal immigrants brought to the U.S. as children.
This would constitute a stunning turnaround for the once-besieged AG, who appeared to be on their way out of the administration just months ago.
Politico reported late Sunday that Trump had made the decision, slated to be announced Tuesday, to end the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals (DACA) in the face of significant opposition from the mainstream media, Democrats, and even some Republicans lawmakers.
Republicans had repeatedly pledged to end what had been commonly described as one of “Obama's illegal executive orders” but, as with their promise to end Obamacare, had winced as it came to following through
Even Trump himself, who had campaigned on ending DACA, had seemed to wobble on repealing the executive order, telling reporters Friday: “We love the Dreamers, we love everyone.” Multiple outlets reported that Trump had agonized over the decision, aware that many of the “Dreamers” had not entered the country illegally by their own choice.
But Politico reports that Sessions — who had at one point seemed on their way out of the administration amid a torrent of criticism from the president over their decision to recuse themselves from investigations into alleged Russian interference in the election — may have been the deciding factor.
Conversations with Attorney General Jeff Sessions, who argued that Congress — rather than the executive branch — is responsible for writing immigration law, helped persuade the president to terminate the program, the two sources said, though White House aides caution that — as with everything in the Trump White House — nothing is set in stone until an official announcement has been made.
Sessions is perhaps the most ideological conservative in the administration and was a notable hardliner on illegal immigration in the Senate.
“‘Immigration reform' may be the single most abused phrase in the English language. It has become a legislative honorific almost exclusively reserved for proposals which benefit everyone but actual American citizens,” they wrote in a 2015 immigration handbook they delivered to all Republican members of Congress.
Yet despite Sessions' strong conservative record, and their achievements in office so far, Trump launched into a series of public attacks on Sessions for their decision to recuse themselves — leading to widespread speculation that Sessions would resign or be fired. Yet those attacks dwindled, and it is possible Sessions has been a key voice in killing DACA.
According to Politico, Trump has decided to delay enforcement by six months, therefore giving Congress a window to act if it so chooses. That move puts House Speaker Paul Ryan (R-WI) in a tricky situation. Ryan opposed DACA when President Obama was in office, but in recent days has urged Trump not to overturn the order.
Adam Shaw is a Breitbart News politics reporter based in New York. Follow Adam on Twitter: @AdamShawNY
Hillary Clinton, the former U.S. Secretary Of State and 2016 Democratic presidential nominee, was confronted during their What Happened, book signing by activist, Laura Loomer, who patiently waited in line for eight hours. Loomer hit Clinton with many controversial questions including “What happened to Seth Rich?,” and “What happened to your 33,000 deleted emails?”
Laura Loomer said their intention in asking the hard-hitting questions were because mainstream media outlets refused to ask the questions that many in America wanted answers to. Loomer greeted Clinton saying, “It's so great to see you,” to which Hillary responded, “Well it's great for you to be here.”
“So the American people would really like to know, what happened to your 33,000 emails?”
Hillary chuckled while signing Laura's book. Loomer continued on while broadcasting their interaction with Clinton at the Manhattan book signing live on Periscope.
“What happened in Benghazi?”
Hillary continued signing their book and responded, “Go read the book.”
“What happened to the millions of dollars that was supposed to go to the people in Haiti?” asked Loomer, a charge Hillary then claimed was “untrue”.
Laura Loomer was able to ask a few more pending questions before they were told to leave by security.
“What happened to Seth Rich? What happened to your health Hillary?”
null
Loomer then spotted Huma Abedin off to the side of Hillary's book signing table and asked her, “Huma! It's so great to see you. I have a question for you. When are you going to divorce your husband (Anthony Weiner) for texting underage girls?”
Loomer was then escorted out of the Union Square Barnes & Noble by secret service.
Former U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton holds up a copy of their new book 'What Happened' at a book signing event at Barnes and Noble bookstore before being asked controversial questions by Laura Loomer.. [Image by Drew Angerer/Getty Images]
So, ‘What Happened?'
On losing the 2016 presidential election, Hillary writes in their book, “If not for the dramatic intervention of the FBI director in the final days we would have won the White House.”
Former FBI Director James Comey wrote a letter informing Congress that they had reopened the investigation into the handling of classified material on Clinton's personal email server as secretary of state after Anthony Weiner's laptop was seized, according to EW.
“When we heard this, Huma looked stricken. Anthony had already caused so much heartache. And now this. ‘This man is going to be the death of me,' they said, bursting into tears.”
Clinton said this is the main culprit behind them defeat.
In their book, Hillary calls the use of that server a “dumb mistake,” and said the resulting scandal was “even dumber,” according to BBC News.
Hillary added, “It was like quicksand: the more you struggle, the deeper you sink.”
In Hillary Clinton's eyes, Comey's blame arrived at their public announcement that they would not bring charges against them despite the fact that they had been “extremely careless” in their handling of classified material.
Hillary Clinton 'What Happened' book signing chaos. [Image by Getty Images]
In regards to Vladimir Putin and Russia's possible influence over the results of the 2016 presidential election, Hillary said, “I never imagined that they would have the audacity to launch a massive covert attack against our own democracy, right under our noses – and that he'd get away with it.”
The U.S. intelligence community concluded that Russian President, Vladimir Putin, was attempting to tip the electoral scale in favor of Republicans via the hacking of Democratic Party emails, social media advert purchases, and bots.
During a press conference, White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee was asked if President Trump had a chance to read Hillary's book, What Happened. Sarah chuckled and said they think Trump is pretty “well-versed” on what happened.
null
In regards to why Clinton wrote the book, The Hill's Amie Parnes and Jonathan Allen, the authors of two best-selling Clinton books, said it was somewhere in between correcting the record and catharsis.
They asserted this was Hillary's way their way of telling their version of accounts.
“We think it's also cathartic in many ways for them They say the days have gotten better for them since that surprise loss on election night but you can see them still working things out in their mind through the words in this book. The book was also somewhat liberating for them It's pretty revealing and open — for her.”
[Featured Image by Drew Angerer/Getty Images]
CHIP DESIGNER AMD will offer a cut down version of the APU chip that will be in Sony's Playstation 4 later this year.
AMD's accelerated processing unit (APU) strategy got a major boost last week when Sony announced that it will be using an AMD Jaguar based APU in its upcoming Playstation 4 games console. Now AMD has said that a cut down version of the same APU will be available to consumers, albeit without Sony's technology.
While Sony revealed some information about the AMD APU that will power the Playstation 4, the details that were made public were all about AMD's technologies rather than Sony's. AMD told The INQUIRER that the APU used is a custom A-series part that has a mix of AMD and Sony technology.
However John Taylor, head of marketing for AMD's Global Business Units, said that a version of the same chip without Sony's technology will be available for consumers later this year.
Taylor told The INQUIRER that the AMD branded APU chip will not have the same number of cores or the same computing capability as Sony's part.
They said, "Everything that Sony has shared in that single chip is AMD [intellectual property], but we have not built an APU quite like that for anyone else in the market. It is by far the most powerful APU we have built to date, it leverages [intellectual property] that you will find in our A-series APUs later this year, our new generation of APUs but none that will quite be to that level of sheer number of cores, sheer number of teraflops."
AMD is scheduled to launch its third generation APUs this year, but what is interesting is that the firm can effectively take part of a consumer chip and customise it for customers such as Sony.
Taylor said that this is all part of AMD's "flexible system on chip strategy", but what the upcoming A-series parts will show is just how much work Sony put into the chip that is found in the Playstation 4.
Sony's decision to opt for AMD's x86 APU had left some commenting that the Playstation 4 is merely a console made out of commodity hardware, but given that AMD will be selling the commodity version of the chip minus Sony's technology, perhaps for the first time the industry can see just how much work console designers such as Sony, Microsoft and Nintendo do beyond the standard hardware available to consumers to squeeze out more performance. µ
Reality TV
The success of reality TV have started to affect televised Science Fiction in a bad way. This is a trend I am not particualarly fond of since I loath reality tv with a vengeance. Seeing adults degrade each other without any other purpose than to entertain us just feels wrong for me. I know there are a lot of people out there that like and watch reality tv but for me it feels like being a Peeping Tom. I like being entertained by someone telling me a story with a bigger purpose. This is about scripted shows trying to imitate reality tv, don't get me started on the reality tv shows that are popping up with science fiction aspirations.
Reality television is a genre of television programming that presents purportedly unscripted dramatic or humorous situations, documents actual events, and usually features ordinary people instead of professional actors. The genre has existed in some form or another since the early years of television (primarily with game shows), but has expanded significantly since Big Brother first aired in 1999. Documentaries and nonfictional programming such as news and sports shows are usually not classified as reality shows. The genre covers a wide range of programming formats, from game or quiz shows which resemble the frantic, often demeaning shows produced in Japan in the 1980s and 1990s (such as Gaki no tsukai), to surveillance- or voyeurism-focused productions such as Big Brother.
Virtuality didn't make it to series on Fox but the pilot aired as a two hour movie last summer and it is a good example of what I mean. The story is set aboard earth's first starship on a ten year journey to explore Epsilon Eridani, a nearby star. The ship has virtual reality modules to help the crew cope with the long mission. The crews experiences are broadcast back on earth as Fox's reality television program Edge of Never: Life on the Phaeton.
Another close encounter with reality tv was the now canceled tv show Defying Gravity. First pitched to the networks as a Grey's Anatomy in space it has much in common with the personal conflicts as portrayed in reality tv, it also has ‘confessions' report similar to the confession booths. The show had some good points but the drama got a bit to much reality tv and too little science fiction. The show is follows eight astronauts on a six-year space mission through the Solar System, during which they are monitored from Earth via a real-time communication system. Part of the financing is made by a media company that airs the adventures and confessions of the crew.
Stargate Universe 1st winter season has had many good stories centered on survival that have been good and science fiction. But there have also been a lot of reality tv type drama that threatened to overshadow the genre parts of the story. I love SGU for the record but the reality tv aspect of it is something I have a little trouble with. SGU starts it's winter season tonight and I have great hope for more aliens, space travels, technological marvels than earthbound drama, that would make my day.
One could say that one part of SF and literature in general has always been to throw a group of strangers into a room and see what happens but I feel that there is a difference in style between that and reality tv. The change might be from more intellectual conflicts towards emotional rantings.
Maybe I should combine this with Soap Operas? The shows above plus Caprica and Kings all have a big portion of soapy drama that at one time or another have covered or threatened to cover up the genre parts?
Trends in Current Science Fiction Post Index:
Project facts
Name of the project: Bloom – An Aquatic farm for phytoplankton culture
Location: Indian Ocean
Gross floor area: 2 070 sqm
Height: 45m / 5 levels
Structure: aluminum + methacrylate
Designer: Sitbon Architectes
Credits: Sitbon Architectes
Website: www.sitbonarchitectes.com
The water is going to redefine our future. By 2050, its level will get sixteen centimeters more than today and Asia is planned to be very affected by this phenomenon. Conceived to be first installed in the Indian Ocean, Bloom is an initiation of a link which purpose is to find an alternative issue on rising water due to global warming. This is why the concept of this large-scale project is to practice the culture of phytoplankton that absorbs C02 excesses and create 02.Bloom is a semi-submersible center that can also alert in case of tsunamis. Moored to the seabed with a system of cables, it is a controller of water level and quality in died zones of the oceans, rivers, coastal zones… Its goal is to regulate their O2 quantity by injecting phytoplankton making photosynthesis.The project offers a living environment for the permanent staff of scientists and for phytoplankton in big aquariums. It is thus the first project created for these algae. It is a catalyst structure of their growing and in a way, it's a matrix pocket of oxygen on Earth that can also desalinize seawater.Bloom wishes to be a sustainable answer by decreasing our carbon footprint while learning to live in accordance with our oceans. Every factory producing CO2 would have its own Bloom to testify of its interest for a better environment.By giving us responsibilities on our CO2 consumptions, we would become aware of our ecological impact on the planet. Because resourceful water is the mother of our civilizations and we will always need it.
Before Christmas, I read an article by Michael Rosen on Why we love limericks which celebrated the popularity of a new book of limericks by Ranjit Bolt, A Lion Was Learning to Ski. Given that I'm writing a guidebook to Middle English poetic form, I was surprised to read that ‘the history of the limerick form itself […] stretches back to at least the 11th century'. Had I missed something? Medieval limericks, it seemed, were a thing.
I imagined the post I could write about this. How popular would a blog post on the first ever limerick be? Think of the retweets! My follower count would sky-rocket. Maybe I'd make it to buzzfeed, or freshly pressed. Stardom beckoned…
But, of course, there aren't eleventh-century limericks: it didn't take me long to work that out. Various bits of early verse, either by coincidence or because of their musical form, are somewhat similar in form to the modern limerick we know and love. There seems to be an almost irresistible temptation to find the supposed origin of the limerick. And that temptation raises the question of what defines a form. If an early bit of verse (or a bit of an early verse) meets the criteria by which we recognise a current verse form, should it be called a ‘limerick'? I don't think so, and here's why.
An excerpt from the medieval rota, Sumer is icumen in, is cited as an ‘early example' of a limerick in the Wordsworth Book of Limericks. In isolation, these lines might match the features we recognise as a limerick, but the whole text is something else, a song designed to be sung as a round. Or, as Bruce Holsinger argues in their contribution on ‘Lyrics and Short Poems' in the Yale Companion to Chaucer (pp. 189–90), it's an experiment in writing quantitative verse in English. What it isn't, of course, in part or whole, is a limerick.
The Wikipedia entry on the limerick confidently pronounces that ‘the oldest attested text in this form is a Latin prayer by Thomas Aquinas of the 13th century.' This claim, it turns out, derives from a 1968 Notes and Queries piece by Peter Horwath, which draws attention to an excerpt of five lines from a twelfth-century post-communion recessional prayer from the Missale Romanum. The entire prayer is headed Oratio S. Thomae Aquinatis, but this is a mistaken later attribution. Safe to say that Thomas Aquinas didn't invent the limerick.
Another medieval scrap of verse frequently cited as one of the ‘first limericks' comes from London, British Library MS Harley 7322, a fourteenth-century collection of Latin devotional and moral texts compiled by a priest as notes for preaching. On one page, in amongst the Latin notes, are three snippets of English verse on three beasts, the lion, the bear and the dragon. Each little piece of verse warns about the dangers of these fierce animals. The verses were printed by Furnivall in 1866, and from there (I would guess), the verse on the lion was cited as a limerick by Swann and Sidgwick in their The Making of English Verse: A Guide to Metres published in 1934:
Þe lion is wondirliche stronge and ful of wiles of wo . And weÞer they pleye oÞer take their preȝe they can not do bot slo . [the lion is amazingly strong and full of evil tricks, and whether they play with or seizes their prey they cannot help but kill]
The rhythm is definitely reminiscent of the jauntiness of a limerick, as are the shorter two phrases. A limerick in a preacher's notebook? It all sounds rather jolly, but I think these three animal warnings allude to the beast with seven heads which comes out of the sea in Revelations 13, resembling a leopard but with the feet of a bear and the mouth of a lion, taking their power from the dragon of Revelations 12. Taken out of context, it seems a bit like a limerick. In context, these are verses intended to be memorable, to stick in the mind and warn of the tricks of the devil. It's the metrical freedom of this doggerel verse that produces the limerick form by coincidence.
We can thus only find ‘early limericks' by ignoring their original context. Here's a candidate from 1606 which John Leonard offers as the first English limerick in Notes & Queries 40:2 (1993). Again, this is a musical form, a madrigal by Michael East.
James Ogden, in ‘From Lyric to Limerick', a 1994 Notes and Queries article, finds lots more songs which have this form. Looking at them with a retrospective view, we see them as proto-limericks. But almost all of them are songs, either songs in actuality or poetic imitations of song forms.
Eventually their song form gave them the name ‘limerick'. Edward Lear calls this form nonsense rhymes in their 1846 Book of Nonsense, and it's likely they took the form from nursery rhymes and from popular folklore rhymes. A little later, these short poems acquired the name from the name of a tune to which you could sing them, Won't you come to Limerick?
#notalion, as far as I understand this very funny hashtag, plays on the claim that a naturalistic representation of a lion is a sign of modernity. Medieval depictions of lions are #notalions because they aren't accurate representations but rather artistic imaginations. These supposed limericks are, in reverse fashion, #notalimerick. To find limericks where none exist is to impose the modern on the medieval, to ignore their medieval identities.
The Environmental Protection Agency came under fire Thursday after new emails surfaced that allegedly show government officials worked in secret with tribal leaders and other environmental groups to preemptively oppose the controversial Pebble Mine project in Alaska before a review was even conducted.
The internal memos published by The Washington Times show EPA officials working behind the scenes as early as 2008 to kill the gold and copper mine project -- two years before any scientific study or survey was conducted looking into the environmental impact.
“As you know I feel that both of these projects (Chuitna and Pebble) merit consideration of a 404C veto,” EPA official Phillip North wrote, according to the emails.
North, according to the Times, pushed to have the mine's veto added to the agenda of a 2009 agency retreat.
But the EPA announced in 2011there would be a neutral and scientific review of the mining project. At the time, they said that concerns raised by environmental groups and local tribes would be investigated, but that no decision had been made.
“Alaska is a long way from Washington, D.C.,” Rep. James Lankford, R-Okla., told Fox News. “There is no reason for Washington, D.C., to run affairs in Alaska.”
Lankford says the EPA pre-judged the case and didn't wait for a full scientific review.
“They are to be neutral in this, and they are definitely not neutral in this,” they said.
In a statement Thursday, the EPA said the emails in question were "authored by a low level staffer stationed in Alaska who had no decision making authority for the Agency.
"Additionally, the focus should be on what the agency has actually done which is taking a deliberative approach based on the science. In fact, the agency leadership had not made a decision on whether to proceed to 404(c) action until the scientific analysis was complete," the EPA said.
The newly published emails are just the latest twist in the Pebble Mine saga which began years ago.
Mine opponents have been urging EPA to take steps to protect the region. They say the project would threaten the billion-dollar commercial fishing industry in Bristol Bay and the 14,000 jobs linked to it.
Supporters, including Pebble Limited Partnership, the investment group behind the proposed multi-billion dollar copper and gold mine, accuse the government of using “junk science” to sabotage the deal.
“Rather than allowing the filing of a mining permit application, the EPA employees secretly plotted with environmental activists to undermine the ability of landowners to objectively evaluate and develop the proposed mining of the Pebble deposit … and thereby establishing a precedent that will have long-term harmful impacts on investment and job creation in the United States,” Pebble Partnership wrote in an April 29-dated letter to the EPA.
The letter also accuses the EPA of misusing taxpayer money to “create a flawed, junk science laden report, called the Bristol Bay Assessment, designed to negatively influence government, financial markets, and public policy.”
Pebble Partnership has said the mine deposit is one of the largest of its kind in the world, with the potential of producing 80.6 billion pounds of copper and 107.4 million ounces of gold over decades.
In February, the EPA announced it was taking the first steps toward restricting the development of the mine, citing concern for a premier sockeye salmon fishery in southwest Alaska. The agency employed a rarely used veto process under the Clean Water Act that gives the government the ability to stop or slow the process.
EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy told reporters the EPA was working on how it can best use its authorities “to project Bristol Bay rivers, streams and lakes from the damage that will inevitably result from the construction, operation and long-term maintenance of a large-scale copper mine.”
Pebble Partnership CEO Tom Collier called the move an example of government overreach.
They told The Hill this week the project had “become the poster child for an expansion of EPA authority."
While the EPA process is underway, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers is prohibited from approving a permit for the project.
Fox News' Chad Pergram contributed to this report.
A group of graduates has won a class-action suit against George Brown College for a course description that promised three credentials it was not qualified to deliver.
Of 118 students represented in the case, two-thirds came from other countries and paid $11,000 in tuition each for the eight-month International Business Program, which delivered none of the three added industry qualifications — international trade, custom services and international freight forwarding — promised in the course calendar.
It was these specialized industry designations that attracted students in the first place when the program launched in 2007, noted Justice Edward Belobaba, of the Ontario Superior Court of Justice. None of the students wanted another college certificate, but they were excited by the idea of a fast track to three credentials that usually take two years of work and study — resulting in starting salaries said to be as high as $60,000.
But just before final exams, students discovered the college had no deals with the industry associations that are required to be partners for such training, so no designations would be earned.
“The students were, to say the least, disappointed. Some were devastated,” reported Belobaba, who found the college guilty of “negligent misrepresentation” and a breach of the Consumer Protection Act.
After a surprising return with dubby, house goodness for TEMPA101, Bristol staple Appleblim and the relatively obscure October battle head to head in a dub tech sound clash to see who takes home the crown for the most delightfully dubby romp. Whereas the slower tempo'd Tempa releases have gone more along the route of tribalist dark workouts from Coulton or Wen, Appleblim's impressions for Tempa have gravitated towards brighter, house climates with shimmering dub stabs and the swung lilt of pitter-patter percussion and with TEMPA105 we are treated with two versions in classic dub techno fashion.
Recently appearing on Bristolian lynchpins Idle Hands and affiliated label Brstl, October looks to the capital for their first appearance on Tempa. Along with fellow peer Appleblim, the duo debut “The Other Side of Sky”; a Chicago by way of Bristol swung beauty that is just pure positivity. A 303 squelches out a funky little pseudo baseline to compliment the subs while dubby chords shimmer into electric butterfly kisses from some moog synth. Stargazing synths open panoramic, and the chords return in quicksilver fashion. Buried congas hit here and there to give the track a bit more rhythmic kink without things getting too bumpy. Super enjoyable driving music / drive by DJ tool to ease the dance back into the groove, but sadly the track never really lifts off the ground with its formal rigidity.
However, Appleblim's version trades in the Chi-town rhythmics for a more UK-centric approach. The stabs are blessed with more hall reverb and echo for that swirling, drunken headspace as they unshackle the snare from the two and four to hit at more angular angles for a broken UK feel that is more kinky than the original. A constant building drone reaches an apex as Appleblim strips it raw only exposing the sub offset hits, solar flare melodies and soft finger snaps for the dance to figure out. ‘Blim slight of hands the stabs back into focus but they've become more mangled and contorted to proper fuck with your head if your on one until the track sorta just fades away.
TEMPA105 is out March 11th and available from Redeye Records, Boomkat, Intense, Bleep and Juno Download.
Want to go on adventures in time and space? Of course you do, adventures are cool. When you buy the door to the last known living TARDIS in the universe you can.
This genuine futuristic antique features an unusual interior with unique spatial anomaly* and retro police box exterior. Featuring a built-in telephone - for display only** - the door may be opened by a click of the fingers. Although truthfully speaking only one man, if you can call them that, had ever successfully activated this functionality.
The TARDIS has had one previous careless owner but she's still in mint condition. More or less. Well more kind of more than less really if you're going to get all technical.
But don't let that put you off. This is the most secure door in the universe, its strength and durability have been subjected to the Hordes of Genghis Khan Test™ by the Mongol leader himself.
This iconic blue door is your gateway to the most exciting ride of your life. What are you waiting for?
Disclaimer: All adventures in time and/or space are undertaken at owner's own risk. UK Oak Doors cannot accept liability for encounters with monsters, aliens, parallel universes or other potentially unpleasant timey-wimey stuff resulting from ownership of the TARDIS door.
*it's bigger on the inside.
**except in impossible circumstances.
June 7, 2017
Improving Our Support Capacity
Poloniex Community,
Last month, we described the unprecedented growth and excitement in the blockchain community and how this exuberance can present operational challenges for exchanges. As this trend continues, we are doubling down on our efforts to expand and improve your experience on the Poloniex platform. We also want to remind our community to take caution when exchanging tokens in highly volatile markets and understand that unexpected events can have significant market effects. Please use the platform to trade responsibly and within your means.
Support Team
Increased enthusiasm for trading blockchain tokens on the Poloniex platform has led to increased stress on our systems. Heightened activity and new users mean more support tickets and man-hours spent resolving them. Thus, to meet this demand, we have more than doubled the size of our support team and will continue to focus our efforts toward improving user experience.
Hiring quality support staff is neither easy nor quick, especially in our line of business. Training must cover the technical and regulatory complexity of a rapidly evolving industry and community. We must also ensure the security of our system and operations at every level. This requires thorough and proper vetting of new staff.
Onboarding and Account Verifications
We mentioned new users, but we did not mention what is involved in onboarding or tier verification. As registered money services business in the United States, we must be able to verify the identity of our users, the source of their funds, and the purpose of their transactions as they occur on our platform. If users want to move up a tier, they must provide more identifying information. This is required of us by law and we take our compliance obligations very seriously. As we scale our team, we are building a culture of compliance for our organization. To comply with our legal obligations, our current onboarding and verification process often requires some manual input. This takes time and resources, creating a support bottleneck.
We are aware of the negative impact these delays can have on Poloniex users. To address this, we have begun automating more aspects of our onboarding and account verification systems. Our hope is that with enterprise-grade service providers we have carefully vetted and procured, this particular backlog should lessen considerably, helping platform users have a better experience while their private information remains protected in line with our Privacy Policy.
Withdrawals/Awaiting Approval
We are legally required to know the identity of our users and to maintain strict controls over how funds leave our platform. In addition, our auditing system flags for specific activity to ensure the safety of your funds. While we cannot reveal precisely what triggers such flags without compromising the integrity of the system, we want to highlight how our efforts to keep our platform safe and secure can degrade the user experiences at times. For example, when our system flags an activity as suspicious, the ensuing investigation and resolution usually requires human intervention, which takes some time. As we gain more users, they naturally trigger more flags that require more of these slow human interventions, so more human resources are required to handle the volume.
Automation here is tempting to rush, but difficult to get right. Large financial institutions have spent years fine-tuning these functions. Our rapid growth does not permit us that luxury, but we can learn lessons from their operational successes. As we improve our support more generally, we can address these tickets faster. Users should start noticing incremental advances in the coming weeks.
As we implement these changes, we encourage our users to be patient and not submit repeat tickets. The vast majority of our open tickets consist of duplicates. Submission of repeat tickets only increases our backlog and does not get your ticket reviewed faster. Manual effort must be expended to identify, match, and consolidate tickets to ensure the issue has been addressed. Repeat submission needlessly slows resolution not only of your ticket, but of all other outstanding tickets.
We are successful when Poloniex users have the best experience possible, so it is with that in mind that we renew our commitment to improving the user experience on our platform. Look for more updates and announcements as we continue this process.
- The Poloniex Team
The fourth, seventh and 21st players drafted in 2001 play or have played for the San Francisco 49ers.
The second overall choice from that class might join the list.
Leonard Davis, who earned Pro Bowl acclaim with Dallas after leaving the Arizona Cardinals, plans to visit the 49ers after never seeing game action in 2011, Matt Maiocco reports.
Current 49ers defensive end Justin Smith was the fourth player chosen in 2001. Former 49ers Andre Carter (seventh) and Nate Clements (21st) were also first-round picks that year.
Davis would qualify as a stopgap at right guard, where the team has struggled recently. Adam Snyder, valued mostly for their versatility as a backup, became the starter last season after Chilo Rachal struggled. Snyder is visiting the Arizona Cardinals. They and Rachal are unrestricted free agents.
Daniel Kilgore, a rookie draft choice in 2011, projects as a candidate for the role eventually.
Davis, 33, has started each of the 155 games they have played with Arizona and Dallas.  They are a massive man, listed at 6-foot-6 and 355 pounds. Pairing them with tackle Anthony Davis would give the 49ers close to 700 pounds of Davises on the right side, expandable to more than 900 pounds when tight end Vernon Davis lined up next to them.
NEW YORK (August 7, 2014) - The message is simple: to save elephants, all ivory markets must close and all ivory stockpiles must be destroyed, according to a new peer-reviewed paper by the Wildlife Conservation Society. The paper says that corruption, organized crime, and a lack of enforcement make any legal trade of ivory a major factor contributing to the demise of Africa's elephants.
Appearing in the August 7th online edition of the journal Conservation Biology, the paper says that if we are to conserve significant wild populations of elephants across all regions of Africa, all domestic and international ivory markets need to be closed. In addition, government stockpiles of ivory, currently scattered around the world, need to be destroyed since they are known to be significant sources of ivory leaking into the illegal trade. According to the paper's author, corruption undermines all aspects of controls as long as a legal market remains.
"If we are to conserve remaining wild populations of elephants, we must close all markets because, under current levels of corruption, they cannot be controlled in a way that does not provide opportunities for illegal ivory being laundered into legal markets," said the paper's author, Elizabeth Bennett, WCS Vice President for Species Conservation.
The paper looked at the corruption index of 177 assessed countries, noting that half of the 12 countries in Africa that contain elephants are in the bottom 40 percent. Six of the eight countries identified by the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species of Wild Fauna and Flora (CITES) as most implicated in ivory trafficking globally are in the bottom half of the most corrupt countries in the world.
The paper comes at a time of growing opposition to ivory bans by some groups claiming that carefully regulated ivory sales would help protect elephants and contribute to conservation through sales of ivory stockpiles and other legal sources.
Bennett refutes this saying that financial incentives to break the law and reap profits far outweigh those of abiding by it, as poachers and traffickers can rapidly pay their way out of trouble. Once illegal ivory has entered into the legal trade, it is difficult or impossible for enforcement officers to know what is legal and what is not.
Bennett says that with good enforcement on the ground, the tide of poaching can be slowed. For example, forest elephants in Central Africa occur in densities seven times higher in sites with ecoguards than without them. However, the costs of such site-based protection in terms of funds and human lives will continue to increase and be unsustainable as long as ivory profits continue to escalate giving ever-increasing incentives to kill elephants illegally and traffic in their ivory.
Says Bennett: "In the long term, the only sustainable solution is for the demand for ivory - the ultimate driver of the system - to be reduced. Until that happens, if elephants are to survive, we need to close existing legal markets."
###
Paper URL: http://onlinelibrary. wiley. com/ doi/ 10. 1111/ cobi. 12377/ abstract
Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS)
Mission: WCS saves wildlife and wild places worldwide through science, conservation action, education, and inspiring people to value nature.
Last October a Tunisian academic named Raja Ben Slama suggested on television that a top official charged with drafting Tunisia's new constitution had watered down free speech protections in the document.
Those remarks may now land them in jail.
Two years ago Tunisians threw out their President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali, ending five decades of dictatorship. An elected assembly has since been working to construct a democratic system. On Saturday it released a final draft constitution, which must now go to a vote.
Leaders say the document safeguards freedoms and reflects compromise among often combative political parties. But critics are singling out language they say could threaten basic rights and the workings of democracy.
“Democracy isn't just elections, it's accepting criticism,” says Ms. Ben Slama, who is under investigation for unjustly maligning a public official. “The law must be adapted to a new reality.”
While rights may be defined in theory, their exercise is often regulated in practice. Ben Slama's ordeal helps show why Tunisians like them want their rights guaranteed. It also shows the need to reform old laws (like the one used against her) that were written to serve dictatorship yet are still on the books.
Executive power
Tunisia's previous constitution was enacted in 1959 under then-president Habib Bourguiba. It gave hefty powers to them and their successor, Mr. Ben Ali, including priority in lawmaking, control of the armed forces, the ability to appoint judges, and the power to name and dissolve the government at will.
But the primary tools of control were laws regulating everything from political parties, elections, and the courts to public gatherings, media, and freedom of speech – all enforced by compliant judges and lots of police.
Ben Ali was toppled in January 2011. The following December the 1959 constitution was scrapped, and early last year a newly-elected constituent assembly began drafting a new one. Debate has flared over what kind of system to adopt, the role of Islam, and concern for the status of women and free speech.
Meanwhile, courts have periodically used existing laws to go after critics and gadflies.
In June last year an appeals court upheld prison sentences for two men who posted caricatures of the prophet Mohammed online. In March the rapper Ala Yaacoubi, apparently still on the run from authorities, was sentenced in absentia to two years in prison for their YouTube video, “The Police are Dogs.”
Last week a military court was scheduled to begin trying Hakim Ghanmi, accused of insulting the army on their blog. They face up to three years in prison if convicted, according to a May 28 statement by Amnesty International. Their trial was postponed to this week.
A crime?
Ben Slama, the academic, strayed into trouble with a TV appearance in which they blamed Habib Khedher, the head coordinator for constitutional drafting committees and a member of the ruling Ennahda party, for editing a constitutional article protecting free speech in a way that critics said narrowed its scope.
“I said there was a problem of political ethics, and that [Mr. Khedher] didn't respect the committee on rights and freedoms,” Ben Slama says.
Acting on a complaint filed by Khedher's lawyer, a Tunis court began investigating Ben Slama for allegedly accusing a public official of an offense without evidence, punishable by up to two years in prison. Khedher declined to comment on the matter.
Ben Slama doesn't deny their remarks, but nor do they feel they deserve jail. Them lawyer and cousin Sofien Ben Slama is fighting their case on technicalities, arguing that Khedher isn't a public official as understood by the law in question.
Unclear rules
Meanwhile, Ben Slama's and Khedher's original dispute appears unresolved. Article 30 of the new constitution says the law regulates free speech, but does so in unclear terms, says Amna Guellali, Tunis researcher for Human Rights Watch. Another article, 48, sets conditions on how laws may limit free speech but doesn't meet international standards, Ms. Guellali says.
Ultimately, “laws need to change,” says Sami Triki, a lawyer and member of Ennahda's executive committee. “Punishment by prison for anything related to ideas is in conflict with freedom.”
One new avenue for change is offered by the new constitution, Mr. Triki says, which lays out plans for a constitutional court where Tunisians can challenge laws they say violate their rights.
Not everyone is convinced. The Tunisian Magistrates Association, which campaigns for an independent judiciary, says the new constitution gives politicians undue leverage in the constitutional court. Only three of the court's 12 members are nominated by judges, while political leaders nominate the rest.
“The constitutional court will work more from a political point of view than a legal one,” says Anas Hmedi, a judge and member of the association's executive bureau.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Triki, from Ennahda, argues that political leaders and legislators should have a role in the court as part of a system of checks and balances.
Ben Slama stresses the need for ordinary Tunisians to be players, too, and work to make their voices heard. If their experience has taught them one thing, they say, it's that “we still need to defend our freedoms.”
UPDATED July 22, 11:21 a.m. PT: Raven Metzner will take over as showrunner for “Iron Fist” Season 2. Metzner previously worked on Fox's “Sleepy Hollow,” NBC's “Heroes Reborn,” and TNT's “Falling Skies.” They also have past experience in the Marvel world, having written the screenplay for the 2005 film “Elektra.” They replace Season 1 showrunner Scott Buck, who is now working on the ABC Marvel series “Inhumans.”
PREVIOUSLY:
Netflix has renewed the Marvel series “Iron Fist” for Season 2.
Marvel TV head Jeph Loeb made the announcement at San Diego Comic-Con on Friday. In addition, Loeb hinted that Colleen Wing (Jessica Henwick) would team up with NYPD detective Misty Knight (Simone Missick), who first appeared in Season 1 of “Luke Cage.” The characters previously partnered together in the Marvel comic books.
“Iron Fist” stars “Game of Thrones” alum Finn Jones as Danny Rand, the heir to the multi-billion dollar Rand Corp. who returns to New York after training for years in the mysterious city of K'un-Lun. Through their training, they were chosen to be the living weapon known as the Iron Fist, which allows them to channel their chi energy into their fists.
In addition to Jones and Henwick, the series also starred Rosario Dawson, who has appeared as nurse Claire Temple in all of the Marvel-Netflix shows to date. Season 1 also starred Jessica Stroup, Tom Pelphrey, David Wenham, and Wai Ching Ho.
“Iron Fist” was the fourth Marvel-Netflix series to be released. The show was preceded by “Daredevil,” “Jessica Jones,” and “Luke Cage.” All four main characters will then team up for “The Defenders” event series, which will debut on Netflix on Aug. 18. In addition, Netflix has ordered a spinoff based on “The Punisher,” with Jon Bernthal reprising the title role, which they originated in Season 2 of “Daredevil.”
An Orillia woman who, a judge said, was left with “catastrophic” injuries following an altercation with OPP Sgt. Russell Watson in 2013, is suing Watson, the police force and the local police services board for close to $4 million. Tonie Farrell, 48, “has sustained permanent and serious injuries including, but not limited to, a fractured leg, crushed knee, lost tooth, as well as bruising, spraining, straining and tearing of the muscles, tendons, ligaments and nerves throughout their body including their neck and back,” alleges the statement of claim, filed in Newmarket Superior Court in January.
Tonie Farrell shows the scars on their knee after an altercation with an OPP officer in April 2013, when they were trying to offer them a description of people they saw beat up another woman. ( Cody Storm Cooper photo ) Tonie Farrell, 48, was left with "catastrophic" injuries after an altercation with an OPP officer in 2013, a judge said. ( Cody Storm Cooper )
The OPP “knew or ought to have known that Sgt. Watson had a history of using excessive or unwarranted force but failed to take appropriate steps to address the issue,” the statement alleges. “It continued to employ Sgt. Watson when it knew or ought to have known that Sgt. Watson was a danger to the public.” None of the allegations has been proven in court. OPP spokesperson Sgt. Peter Leon said Watson and the OPP would not be commenting. Orillia Police Services Board chair Pat Hehn said the board cannot comment as the incident is under investigation by the Special Investigations Unit, Ontario's civilian watchdog agency that investigates incidents of police involvement in serious injury or death.
Article Continued Below
Farrell's lawyer, Darcy Romaine, said they expect statements of defence will be filed by the end of April. Farrell was initially charged with assaulting Watson by allegedly grabbing their lapel on April 2, 2013. Farrell said they were trying to help them find three people they saw assault another woman behind an Orillia convenience store, but was told by Watson to “shut the f--- up.” Ontario Court Justice George Beatty threw out the charge against Farrell last December, writing that Farrell was simply a “Good Samaritan” trying to help the police officer. Farrell testified that Watson karate-kicked them to the ground, then jumped on top of them and punched them on the left side of the face. They said they now walk with a cane and takes daily pain medication. “(Watson) suffered no injuries and their injuries were catastrophic,” Beatty wrote in their decision.
Watson testified at trial that Farrell had been drinking, but “he was uncertain how much,” according to Beatty's decision. They said they found Farrell distracting and “very animated” and took them to the ground to arrest them when they wouldn't comply with their orders. The SIU investigated Watson in 2013, but did not press charges. The agency reopened the case earlier this month following Beatty's decision.
Article Continued Below
The statement of claim names as plaintiffs Farrell, their parents, four children and grandchild. Farrell is demanding $4 million in general, aggravated and punitive damages, and $100,000 in Charter of Rights and Freedoms damages. Them family members are each asking for $100,000 in damages. The statement alleges Watson “is liable for the tort of battery,” saying they “owed a duty to the plaintiff . . . not to make harmful or offense (sic) physical contact with them in the absence of legal justification or authority.” It also alleges that they wrongfully arrested Farrell, that they were “negligent in failing to carry out a reasonable investigation,” and was “actively involved” in the “malicious prosecution” of Farrell. The statement of claim goes on to allege that Watson “caused and continued prosecution against the plaintiff in order to conceal or obfuscate their misconduct; they deliberately misstated the events in their notes in hopes of securing a conviction; they counseled fellow officers to misstate evidence to the court in order to secure a conviction.”
Princess Diana's life (and coverage of their death) largely played out in the eyes of a scrutinizing public. However, a new HBO documentary about the late royal is shining the spotlight on those who knew their best and giving them the last word on shaping their lasting legacy.
The subscription network announced Tuesday it will air a nonfiction feature recounting Lady Di's impact as a humanitarian and mother, as told through interviews with their sons, Prince Harry and Prince William, Duke of Cambridge, whom “talk openly and in depth about their mother and how their influence has shaped their lives” in the film, according to a press release.
“This film will show Princess Diana in a way they have never been seen before, through the eyes of the two people who knew their best,” executive producer Nick Kent said via statement.
Nearly 20 years after Diana's death in a car crash in September 1997, the project will additionally delve into their charity and philanthropic work, which included tackling issues relating to child welfare, homelessness, HIV, AIDs, and international initiatives to ban landmines.
Currently untitled, the film — directed by Ashley Gething and produced by Oxford Film and Television — is also set to feature contributions from friends and other members of Diana's family, some of whom have never spoken publicly about them
The Princess Diana documentary is set to air later this year on HBO in the U.S. and on ITV in the U.K.
Comcast Users Now Need To Pay A $30 Premium If They Want To Avoid Usage Caps
from the screw-you dept
The Unlimited Data Option provides additional choice and flexibility for our customers who may make heavier use of the Internet. Enrollment is optional. The Unlimited Data Option costs the current additional fee of $30 per calendar month, regardless of actual data usage. The 300 GB plan will not apply to customers who enroll in the Unlimited Data Option.
As the marketplace and technology change, we do too. We evaluate customer data usage, and a variety of other factors, and make adjustments accordingly. Over the last several years, we have periodically reviewed various plans, and recently we have been analyzing the market and our process through various data usage plan trials.
Comcast has slowly but surely been expanding the company's usage cap trials since around 2012, largely focusing them on less competitive markets where annoyed users can't vote with their wallets. In these seventeen (and counting) trial markets, Comcast broadband customers face a monthly usage cap of 300 gigabytes. After that, users need to shell out $10 for each additional 50 gigabytes of data consumed. The trials have expanded slowly but surely in the hopes of minimizing user backlash. Basically, Comcast is the hot water slowly coming to a boil, and you're the frog It appears that Comcast has now added a new wrinkle to the mix, and has started charging these trial users an extra $30 if they want to bypass usage caps. The company's FAQ for the new option tries to argue that the change is being made to provide consumers with greater "choice and flexibility":Yeah, that's bullshit. Back in 2012, users in these trial markets used to get uncapped Comcast broadband service as a matter of course. They now get to pay $30 more a month for the honor of avoiding Comcast's totally arbitrary and unnecessary usage restrictions. And it's all thanks, of course, to the painful lack of competition in most Comcast markets. While this "unlimited" option is currently only being tested in the Florida cap markets, Comcast has made it clear for years it hopes to impose this kind of punitive pricing system in all markets You'll recall the cable industry used to claim usage caps on fixed-line networks were necessary due to congestion (fear the Exaflood !). But as bandwidth costs dropped and intelligent network gear offered far more sophisticated ways of managing network load, the cable industry finally admitted that congestion had nothing to do with it . And while the cable industry now tries to argue that usage caps are necessary due to "fairness," they're really about one thing and one thing only: taking advantage of limited competition and protecting legacy TV revenues from Internet video.If you peruse the Comcast usage cap FAQ you'll notice that Comcast doesn't even really bother with an explanation or justification as to why the caps are necessary, since even the nation's least-liked company knows any defense of this position is futile. This is about as close as Comcast gets to delivering a coherent explanation as to why these limits were imposed:So yeah, we're not a massive incumbent telecom exploiting uncompetitive markets and lazy regulators, we're just experimentin' and changin' and what have you! Comcast has made it abundantly clear that it plans to keep expanding these usage caps (and charging you to avoid them) until either the competition fairy somehow materializes better broadband options out of the ether, or regulators wake the hell up and realize that usage caps on fixed-line networks are a predatory assault on captive customers, an affront to innovation, and an aggressive abuse of monopoly power.
Filed Under: broadband, competition, data cap, fees, usage cap
Companies: comcast
The Trust Project is a collaboration among news organizations around the world. Its goal is to create strategies that fulfill journalism's basic pledge: to serve society with a truthful, intelligent and comprehensive account of ideas and events.
By signing up you agree to receive email about events, articles, offers, and the impact of The Walrus in your community. You can unsubscribe at any time.
Several storeys above street level, in the middle of a residential neighbourhood in Windsor, Ontario, looms an unfinished highway ramp awaiting connection to a bridge to Detroit that isn't there. A row of never-used customs booths lies in the distance, along with signs directing non-existent traffic from the United States through concrete stanchions.
This ramp belongs to Manuel “Matty” Moroun, the reclusive eighty-nine-year-old American owner of the eighty-seven-year-old Ambassador Bridge—Canada's busiest land border point. To make room for a second bridge, which would ease congestion and add to their operating profits, Moroun has been buying up blocks of buildings in the Windsor neighbourhood known as Old Sandwich Town. Nine years ago, in hopes of a speedy approval process, they built this toll-bridge ramp running parallel to Indian Road, a tree-lined street in the shadow of their existing bridge. But the project has stalled amid a complex legal battle that has gone all the way to the Supreme Court of Canada.
Beneath the ramp, at street level, Indian Road is a boarded-up slum. Moroun seems to have left it purposefully bleak, perhaps as a means of embarrassing Windsor into issuing demolition permits. But if that was their plan, it hasn't worked. “We're trying to ensure Mr. Moroun follows the law,” says Windsor mayor Drew Dilkens. “He has chosen to leave their properties vacant and not take care of them. And that blight is affecting the entire neighbourhood.”
“Indian Road used to be such a nice street,” says Bette Wigle, who's lived in Windsor for almost nine decades. (There's a Wigle Avenue just a few blocks away.) “Now it's so derelict it almost looks like Detroit.” Them own immaculately kept house a few blocks away feels like a rampart against the forces of decay. But she's fighting a losing battle. “We've never had a good experience dealing with Matty Moroun,” they say, summing up the sentiments of most Windsorites. “He doesn't seem to have any moral sense of what he's done to the community.”
Moroun, the son of a Lebanese-American gas-station manager, is a controversial and widely criticized figure on both sides of the border. (Last year, a US judge dismissed a Moroun lawsuit aimed at stopping construction of a public project that would compete with the Ambassador Bridge—a lawsuit that Moroun's detractors describe as a cynical attempt to protect their existing monopoly.) But before he's dismissed as a mere profiteer, it's important to remember how crucial Moroun's style of entrepreneurship has been to Canada. Not so long ago, a magnate of their means and determination would have been lauded as a nation builder—not an enemy of the public good, but a real Canadian hero.
This is a huge country. Until the late twentieth century, Canada's economic history was defined by the need to tame its vast tracts of land through trade and transportation networks—canals, railways, and highways. Without our own infrastructure, it would have been only a matter of time before we were absorbed into the United States.
“Canada has always been attracted out of necessity to big projects that fit the size and scale of the country,” says Doug Owram, history professor emeritus at the University of British Columbia and co-author of the popular university textbook A History of the Canadian Economy. “The federal government first turns to the private sector, but it isn't interested. And it thus becomes a state operation, either directly owned or heavily subsidized. It's a Canadian tradition.”
In the nineteenth century, dozens of companies competed for the opportunity to take part in creating the US railroad network. But in Canada, with its small, scattered population, investors were far more cautious. In the absence of compelling economic logic, the process of building Canada became a political project by default. In effect, this is a nation constructed ahead of existing demand, at taxpayers' expense.
Ontario's Welland Canal, completed in 1829, was designed to prevent New York State's highly profitable Erie Canal from dominating the transport of Canadian agricultural goods. The canal was a success as a domestic trade artery, but it failed miserably as a profit-making venture and soon fell under public control.
Despite their vaunted skills of persuasion, Sir John A. Macdonald was never able to convince backers of the Montreal–Toronto Grand Trunk Railway to extend their iron trail to the Pacific. The idea of establishing an all-Canadian route through the largely empty Prairies was not particularly appealing to investors. It took another decade and a half of cajoling—plus $25 million in cash, 25 million acres of land, and a huge political scandal—before Macdonald was able to track down venture capitalists willing to underwrite their national dream.
The St. Lawrence Seaway initially operated as a private-sector venture before it, too, ultimately fell into the lap of the federal government. Even the Trans-Canada Highway was originally planned as a fifty-fifty cost-shared deal between the federal government and the provinces. But the premiers lost their enthusiasm for the project, and, by 1967, Ottawa had paid two-thirds of the $1.4 billion price tag.
In short, Canada was built on huge engineering projects—some of which (as with hydro development) required the flooding of large swathes of land and the displacement of established communities. And while hope sprang eternal that private investors would shoulder the financial burden, the heavy lifting generally fell to a reluctant federal government. Regardless of who was paying, however, nothing stood in the way of building Canada—until the last decades of the twentieth century.
The major turning point came in 1977. Conceived in the same majestic style as its predecessors, the Mackenzie Valley Pipeline was to be a massive system of refrigerated gas pipelines running from Alaska and the Beaufort Sea to northern Alberta, carrying US and Canadian natural gas south. An oil pipeline would follow later. Both would open the North to economic growth in the same way the West had been opened by rail. It was to be, by one official description, “the greatest construction project, in terms of capital expenditures, ever contemplated by private enterprise.”
But times had changed. Canada's early can-do spirit had been replaced by not-in-my-backyard parochialism. Justice Thomas Berger headed a federal inquiry into the pipeline and sought out the opinions of environmentalists, Indigenous communities, and local constituencies. After three years of study, they ultimately recommended against the pipeline's immediate construction, citing the damage it would cause to the northern way of life and the environment. “This was the first big project that was stopped for political rather than economic reasons,” says Owram. “It fundamentally changed how we do development in Canada. Now negative sentiment can essentially veto anything.”
Forty years after the Mackenzie Valley project was proposed, pipelines remain the object of deep public suspicion—notwithstanding their vastly improved safety record. The three major pipeline proposals currently on the table in Canada—Energy East, Northern Gateway, and the Trans Mountain expansion—are all mired in environmental studies and hamstrung by consultative obligations. Mayors vow to prevent pipelines from crossing their territory. Premiers hold them hostage to dilatory demands. Ottawa grandstands as nature's saviour. (Witness Justin Trudeau's declaration that “the Great Bear Rainforest is no place for a crude oil pipeline.”) And courts invent new legal obstacles to throw in every developer's way.
This obstructionism threatens to bring large-scale Canadian economic development to a halt. As unpopular as pipelines may be in some sectors, they remain a critical component of our infrastructure—as important today as railways and canals were in the nineteenth century. The lack of pipeline infrastructure means Canadian producers take a haircut of nearly $20 on every barrel of oil they sell. A 2012 study from the Canadian Energy Research Institute projected that the domestic economy will lose out on $1.3 trillion in income and $276 billion in taxes between 2011 and 2035.
It's a national economic emergency, in other words. And yet the clear solution doesn't require any taxpayer involvement at all: the pipeline industry plans to spend $68 billion of its own money to get our oil to market. If only Canadian politicians would let them.
In Windsor, meanwhile, Moroun has offered to build the country a new bridge at their own expense. While Indian Road crumbles, Ottawa is planning to construct its own competing (publicly financed) $4 billion Gordie Howe International Bridge just a few kilometres away. In the past, politicians pleaded with investors to take on economically challenging projects in the name of nation building. Today, they fight them in court. Consider it the new Canadian tradition, memorialized for all to see in Matty Moroun's lonely ramp to nowhere.
Toddler killed by family car during roadside toilet break near Port Pirie
Updated
A toddler has died after being hit by a family car while on a roadside toilet break, in what appears to be tragic accident in regional South Australia.
The boy's mother, who was driving the car, pulled over on the remote Port Davis road near Port Pirie at 11.30am on Sunday so their two-year-old son could have a toilet break.
When the mother got out to assist their son, it appeared the car rolled forward and hit the child, Sergeant Steve Griggs from SA Police said.
"It would appear that the vehicle was still in drive, and as the driver got out to assist the child, the vehicle moved forward," they said.
"It is very tragic and devastating set of circumstances, for the family and community. It will hit deep in the local community."
Paramedics were unable to revive the boy, who died at the scene.
The boy's mother was taken to hospital in shock. Them younger daughter, who was in the car at the time, was unharmed.
Topics: accidents, disasters-and-accidents, port-pirie-5540, sa
First posted
2015 Tryout Dates Announced
Competing in Mixed Division at Canadian Ultimate Championships
Furious George is making big changes, and the Angry Monkey is looking for new recruits. The 2015 strategic plan has Furious slated to expand its ranks over 35 players, to drop its Triple Crown Tour status, and to enter A- and B-squads in the Mixed Division of competition, with the pinnacle of the season being a championship run at the Canadian Ultimate Championships (CUCs), thereby qualifying to represent Canada in London in 2016.
“I've written and spoken to the challenges Vancouver faces in fielding a competitive team for a couple of years now, and the pressures have only mounted,” says Alex Davis, co-captain. “With competing interests like the Triple Crown Tour, the Canadian Ultimate Championships, various national team programmes (e.g., U23s, World Games, WCBU), the MLU and the AUDL, our existing talent pool is stretched physically and financially thin. In coming up with a strategy and goals for the year, we had to ask what we'd leave off our plate, what we'd try to do, and where we'd get the people to do it. We did the math, and after considerable debate, agreed to focus on CUCs, shift to the Mixed division to broaden our talent pool, and to recruit top-end men and women to ensure success.”
Furious' new vision will also see the Monkey represented at less expensive, more local Mixed tournaments this summer, such as Sunflicker, Potlatch, Ho-Down, and BC Provincials, before launching their nationals campaign in Winnipeg. Outside of the tight rules constraints of the TCT, the captains will have more flexibility around roster management, and better able to accommodate programmes like professional leagues, university teams, and U23 championships. Prospective players can register their interest here.
“It's cool, because in many ways, it'll be even more competitive,” says John Norris. “Even though our total numbers will be bigger, with the move to the Mixed division, lots of good veterans just won't be able to make the cut. Everyone who's serious about Furious — men and women — this year will have to fight tooth and nail to get on board.”
Kevin Underhill reacted with enthusiasm: “It's chill that we'll be bringing ladies into the monkey house. In other years, it's like we practice on fields next to each other a hundred times every summer, and never even toss a disc that whole time. It's crazy that we don't do more joint shindigs, and rip it up He-Man/She-Ra crossover style. It'll be sweet to change it up.”
“Plus, all the fun tournaments are in the Mixed division.”
Although their leadership group is responsive* to the idea of a formal alliance, Traffic has maintained plans to continue fielding a team in the Women's division as well as in the Triple Crown Tour. As such, Furious is casting a wide recruitment net, making plans to recruit some power players from Calgary, as well as notable Canadians stationed in Seattle and the Bay Area, with announcements to come.
Whether the Monkey continues to play under its brand name this year or takes a brief hiatus is undecided. Myles Sinclair explains, “There's so much history behind ‘Furious George' that it just seems wrong to be anything else, but the name should also rep the team and our new direction. Some ideas, like ‘Bicurious George' kinda say that, but make it even harder to land sponsorships.”
“I think I need to see a logo.”
The change of mission will necessitate a change of culture, Davis pointed out. “Mixing lifelong open-division and women-division players will mean restructuring how we think, how we behave, how we talk, and how we play.” The team has already scheduled team-building activities including sessions with sports psychologists, ballet, and mandatory sensitivity training.
As of press time, Morgan Hibbert said they were seriously considering accepting a sabbatical with the Toronto Goatitals.
Tryout Registration: HERE
Dates
Tryout #1 – Apr.20
Tryout #2 – Apr.23
Sunflicker – May 3-4
Ho-Down – June 21-22
Potlatch – July 3-5
BC Provincials – late July
CUCs – Aug.16-29
*Catherine Hui responded to our e-mails only with the following link.
Alex Davis
Curacao, Netherlands Antilles Perhaps now that high-ranking members of the Church of Scientologyï¿½including Tom Cruiseï¿½may have been exposed to asbestos, an all-out ban on this human carcinogen in the US may come about sooner. But it can also mean that thousands more people can potentially develop mesothelioma.
The MV Freewinds, Scientology's cruise ship, has been sealed and docked in Caracao due to blue asbestos (crocidolite) that was released and spread through the ventilation system, affecting thousands of people.The Church of Scientology's members were attending Scientology courses, training services and functions aboard the ship. According to the Daily Herald, a local newspaper, the blue asbestos was released from the ship's structure during refurbishing and reparatory work.This is not the first time the MV Freewinds has been investigated for blue asbestos. In 2001, a former Scientology member, architect Lawrence Woodcraft, submitted a sworn affidavit stating that they were exposed to blue asbestos while working on the Freewinds in 1987. As well, a statement from the ship's captain claimed that there were previous incidents where blue asbestos was released into the ship's ventilation system. But the Church of Scientology denied Woodcraft's claim and in so doing, the Church knowingly exposed its passengers and members to this deadliest form of asbestos for the past 21 years!Since 1970, raw blue asbestosï¿½the most hazardous of asbestos-- was banned in the UK. The fibers from blue asbestos are the narrowest of this fibrous mineral and therefore the most easily respirable. Blue asbestos was known more than three decades ago to be the major cause of mesothlioma, which is a cancer of the pleural lining of the lung or much less commonly of the peritoneum. Mesothelioma is incurable, and commonly leads to a great deal of pain and other suffering. This horrific disease often has a very long latency period (it can manifest itself 40 years or more after asbestos exposure).The risk of asbestos-related diseases from asbestos that is well-contained in structures such as steel and cement are minimal. However, the risks are extremely high when asbestos is removed, such as the case with refurbishing of the Freewinds.Isn't it time to ban asbestos completely? Just as importantly, more enforcement and strict policing is needed when it comes to asbestos removal, refurbishment, maintenance and demolition work.Anyone who has been aboard MV Freewinds should see their doctor to determine their level of exposure to blue asbestos. And they may want to seek legal advice.
Inside the building where government workers and contractors were watching the health care site melt down, Mr. Dickerson was shocked: The government had none of the modern tools to track, second by second, visitors to the website. And it had no way to figure out why the site was crashing.
Mr. Dickerson, who was part of the team that helped keep Google's servers running smoothly, moved quickly to give their new team the ability to find the bottlenecks. Within days, the office in Maryland had big flat-screen TVs on the walls, each one showing the data flowing across the HealthCare.gov servers.
“It's easy just to order a bunch of machines and install them, and we're doing all that stuff,” Mr. Dickerson told a reporter at the time. “But you have to find exactly where is the choke point, and it's a very compacted system.”
Mr. Dickerson compared their job to that of a traffic engineer who tries to identify bottlenecks in order to add capacity where it is needed and make things easier for drivers.
“You can add lanes to the freeway, but maybe that makes commute times better, and maybe it doesn't,” they said last November. “If everybody backs up on the on-ramp, it doesn't matter. It's very much like that, but harder, because you can't see with your eyes where all the cars are stopped.”
Officials said Mr. Dickerson's team would start small, in part because of the need to use money already allocated to the government's technology budget. There is $3 million in the current budget to use for that purpose, officials said, and $13 million has been requested for next year. The administration hopes to hire as many as 25 people.
In an interview on Monday, Mr. Dickerson said their team would intervene in situations in which websites needed acute attention and quick triage to make them work effectively. But they also said they would try to anticipate problems that might emerge and make fixes.
Cheesy shrimp dip to dowse you into delicious goodness
Largo Bar and Grill Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 20, 2015
Whether you love shrimps, fish or crab — if you're a seafood lover like me, you probably enjoy these delicacies in all ways — baked, fried, grilled or in the form of dips and sauces. Since winter is upon us, our spirits often become lazy. In winters, a spoilt-rotten person like me doesn't like getting out of the cozy comforter unless highly necessary — but the craving for a delicious seafood dip often makes me leave the warm bed and head towards my favorite spot in the home other than the bed — my kitchen.
Only last week, I bought some salt crackers and doritos from the store. I find it highly unfair to leave these crispy goodies in the pantry for long. So, in all fairness, I tried some shrimp dips at home that go just perfectly with the salt crackers. Even if you want to dip in and have them as is, you're free to do it. No judging! Here, I've shared my favorite oh-so-cheesy shrimp dip that will make your tummy happy!
This is an easy and delicious dip that puts your taste buds to test! You can even make this dip a day or two before serving it (in case you want to prep it for a large party). One of the essential steps for this shrimp recipe is to bake it to perfection.
Things you'll need:
1 lb. shrimp/prawn fresh, cleaned, deveined, and roughly chopped
5 tbsp. butter
1/4th cup capsicum
2 handfuls of sliced green onion
¾ cup cheese (parmesan, cheddar, goat)
1 cup mozzarella grated
1 cup sour cream
¾ cup mayonnaise
Salt and pepper to taste
Salt Crackers as required
Method:
Take a non-stick pan and melt butter in it over medium heat. Add capsicum and cook for 4 minutes. Add shrimp and green onions and cook for 2–4 minutes or until the shrimp is cooked (it should turn pink). Stir in the mozzarella and other cheeses, mayonnaise and sour cream. Add some salt and pepper to taste. Take out the mixture in a baking dish. Bake for 25–35 minutes, or until the mixture is hot and bubbly. Serve with salt crackers or dip into it as is!
Notes:
Shrimps are a yummy delicacy so it's important to ensure they're clean, washed and deveined properly before you use them for the dip. Also, it's important to ensure that you cook it for the right duration. If left undercooked, shrimps can taste awfully smelly. If overcooked, they can be tough, rubbery and lose flavor and yumminess. If you're planning to cook for a large party, you can prepare the mixture ahead of time and refrigerate it. Bake it before serving, so it's fresh and hot.
Do you like to try some seafood dips at home? Share away your recipes. There are never enough recipes for a foodie to try!
Originally published on Patch.
American League Central scenarios: How final two weeks shape up for Cleveland Indians, Detroit Tigers
Cleveland Indians Blocked Unblock Follow Sep 19, 2016
The Cleveland Indians enter play Tuesday with a seven-game lead over the Tigers with 13 games to go, and a magic number — combination of Tribe wins and Detroit losses — of seven.
Here's how the teams' schedules shake out:
Cleveland: 3 vs. KC, 3 vs. CWS, 4 @ DET, 3 @ KC
Detroit: 3 @ MIN, 3 vs. KC, 4 vs. CLE, 3 @ ATL
Let's look at scenarios for the division:
If Cleveland goes…
0–13: Detroit would need to go 7–6 to force a tiebreaker on Monday, Oct. 3.
1–12: Detroit would need to go 8–5 to force a tiebreaker on Monday, Oct. 3.
2–11: Detroit would need to go 9–4 to force a tiebreaker on Monday, Oct. 3.
3–10: Detroit would need to go 10–3 to force a tiebreaker on Monday, Oct. 3.
4–9: Detroit would need to go 11–2 to force a tiebreaker on Monday, Oct. 3.
5–8: Detroit would need to go 12–1 to force a tiebreaker on Monday, Oct. 3.
6–7: Detroit would need to go 13–0 to force a tiebreaker on Monday, Oct. 3.
If the Indians win seven games, they win the AL Central.
There is also the matter of home-field advantage throughout the AL Postseason, for which the Indians are 1.5 games behind the Texas Rangers. If the Tribe earns the AL's best record, the club would have home-field advantage throughout the Postseason (AL won the All-Star Game, and thus the AL rep in the World Series would have home field).
Owning the top record also would mean the Tribe would play the Wild Card Game winner (currently either Baltimore or Toronto) and not the AL East champ (currently Boston), though each of those teams, and Texas, certainly are great teams and will present challenges for any team playing them in the Postseason.
Here's a look at Texas' schedule the rest of the way: 3 vs. LAA, 3 @ OAK, 3 vs. MIL, 3 vs. TB. (Oakland took two of three from the Rangers this weekend.)
Everyone got all that?
— TribeVibe contributor Joel Hammond
OPINION POLLS AND CAMPAIGN TEAMS' RECALIBRATION 23 Aug 2016 In any election, the worst thing that can happen to a candidate is a smug campaign team and the irrational acolytes (who lose their sense of rationality under the overpowering effect of servility). By-products of smugness are quite often over-confidence and illogical self-assuredness. Over-confidence, for instance, could trigger the assumption that if a particular party has been doing well in a certain area, state or region, it will continue to do so. All of the above gets exacerbated if the campaign team tunes itself to only the subservient media outlets and to its fawning ‘courtiers'. You might say, let's talk specifics and not in general terms. Sure! Let's take the example of recent opinion polling in Pennsylvania conducted by Center of Excellence in Project Execution. Pennsylvania is generally considered a battleground state, although it has voted Democratic in the last six elections. In the opinion polling mentioned above, the Republican candidate was found to be leading by more than 5 percentage points. This outcome of the opinion poll may have come as hugely disturbing news to the Clinton camp as well to its acolytes, while the poll result may have come as a pleasant surprise for the Trump team. So, what should the campaign team of either candidate do in view of such a polling result? Let's start with Hillary Clinton's campaign team. If the Clinton campaign consists of real smart folks, they will take cognizance of the poll result (i.e., Trump is surging) and immediately take action to check the ground reality through its own channels using honest, independent and reliable sources (and not from the self-serving, fawning media outlets and the hangers-ons). A smart campaign team would review the variance, if any, between the opinion poll and the information collected through its own honest, reliable sources and then plan on re-calibrating the campaign, especially, given the sizeable chunk of undecided voters found in the above-cited opinion polling of State of Pennsylvania. However, if the Clinton campaign team consists of mediocre and less than competent elements, their knee-jerk response could be to get their surrogates and/or sycophantic acolytes to discredit the poll, and relapse in to a cocoon of make-believe world of smugness thinking that everything is hunky dory since the fawning media outlets and the cringing acolytes would suppress the consternation causing opinion poll result. Such an attitude of the campaign team can be disastrous for the candidate, i.e., Hillary Clinton. What should the Trump campaign do in view of the opinion poll results? If the Trump campaign team consists of mediocre folks, they may get euphoric and reckless and in the process may commit gaffes which may prove costly for them. However, if the Trump campaign is made up of smart people, they would look at the aspects that are seemingly working for them and accentuate them to further to solidify their gains. Living in echo-chambers can spell doom for a candidate and his/her campaign team. An unexpected opinion poll outcome should be viewed as a potential wake-up call to make calibrations. Re-calibrations can potentially win back the voters where a candidate is reported to be trailing, or, consolidate the voters where the candidate is found to be winning. A campaign team which understands this simple rudiment of winning an election, succeeds eventually! - Parth Mukherjee, Expert Principal, Center for Excellence in Project Execution
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
A board game café is set to open next month after a successful crowdfunding campaign raised cash for the project in three days.
Draughts, based in Haggerston, Hackney, will open up to the public on November 15 and offer more than 500 games for visitors to play.
The project raised more than £20,000 since it launched on Kickstarter from 516 generous donators.
It means visitors will be able to enjoy Notes brand coffee, craft beer while playing a game on a luxury Purling Dark chess set.
Co-owner Toby Hamand said: “Even on the morning we hit go on Kickstarter we didn't really know the reaction would be this positive.”
They added: “We think there is going to be a lot of people playing games from their childhood like risk. But we want to be able to introduce more modern board games that are out there.”
An online booking system has already launched, allowing groups of up to five to make reservations.
Hipsters, like nearly everything they wear, are officially no longer cool.
A nationwide poll has revealed that a large proportion of Americans not only dislike the cripplingly ironic sub-culture, but 27 percent even believe they should be subject to a special tax simply for “being so annoying.”
The survey was carried out by Public Policy Polling, a distinguished research facility that correctly predicted the results of the last presidential election. The questions asked were not exactly unbiased; respondents were asked if they thought hipsters made a positive cultural contribution to society or “soullessly appropriated cultural tropes from the past for their own ironic amusement.” A whopping 46 percent went with the latter.
It may be due to the fact that hipsters are now the most prolific of minor social groups, taking up whole neighbourhoods and filling hundreds of column inches. Half of all voters aged 18-29 consider themselves hipsters. It's hard to be a sub-culture when you're in the majority.
The study also revealed that one's cultural inclinations could damage political ambitions, with 98 percent of Republicans saying they would be less likely to vote for a hipster for political office.
However, if you're a fan of vintage T-shirts and fixies, all is not lost: 43 percent of those polled said they “weren't sure” about the whole hipster thing.
Public Policy Polling have yet to reveal the motivation behind the survey, although they have been branching out into more popular polls of late, recently revealing Justin Bieber to be the most unpopular modern singer.
Interview: Jason Shevchuck (Kid Dynamite, None More Black)
One of the most distinctive voices in punk and hardcore. A gifted punk rock songwriter. Part of one of the most legendary melodic hardcore bands ever. Quiet and unassuming. Not one to draw attention.
In this interview Jason gives some insight to their battles accepting an obvious talent as a performer and songwriter as well as the personal flaws and struggles they have dealt with during their career in beloved and influential punk bands.
Their history in bands, the creative process, the challenges of band life today – lots of ground covered with Jason in this episode.
We also discuss what all this means for the immediate and long term future of Kid Dynamite and None More Black. And of course, our guest has control of the playlist for the show!
I must-listen episode with a great frontman. Huge thanks to Jason for taking the time to chat. To get the episode on your ‘Pod just click on the iTunes button to the right – or just play/download below.
Photo: Olivia Harrington
Category: Episodes
Advertisement for Cocaine (Courtesy of Illinois Addiction Archive)
A new drug treatment program says it has a cure for heroin addiction: marijuana.
The claim has attracted national attention, but the history of analogous miracle cures is as long as it is discouraging.
In the late 19th and early 20th centuries, some American physicians were persuaded that the best treatment for what was then called “alcoholism” or “inebriety” was morphine, an opiate. Even as late as the 1960s, researchers documented that a number of then-living morphine-addicted patients had been introduced to the drug by physicians as a treatment for their problem drinking.
At the turn of the 20th century, Bayer Corp., best known today for aspirin, rolled out what it marketed as a “safe, nonaddictive” alternative to morphine: heroin. Initially proposed as a pain killer and cough suppressant, it briefly gained a following among doctors who thought it a cure for morphine addiction and alcoholism. William White, a historian of the addiction field, notes that a well-meaning philanthropic organization known as the Saint James Society actually “started a campaign to provide free samples of heroin to any morphine addict who wanted to take the cure.”
Meanwhile, other physicians — most famously Sigmund Freud — touted yet another new wonder drug that would supposedly cure addiction to morphine, alcohol, heroin and tobacco, too. It was cocaine, which claimed new victims of addiction, including William Halsted, a medical doctor, the founder of modern surgical practice.
In each case, initial enthusiasm for the “miracle treatment” waned when the new drug more often compounded than relieved the problems of addicted patients. Like an invasive species introduced intentionally into an environment to combat other invasive species, each new cure eventually became a problem in itself.
What accounts for these cycles of enthusiasm and disappointment? Historian David Courtwright of the University of North Florida emphasizes that medicine is surprisingly prone to fads. “Physicians like new drugs. When one becomes available it often gets overused. In the 1970s, for example, physicians prescribed Valium for a wide range of conditions, from anxiety to insomnia to muscle spasms. Quite a few patients became dependent.” Not incidentally, Valium was a benzodiazepine, a class of drugs that had been marketed as safer alternatives to barbiturates, a previous wonder drug that also proved to be addictive and dangerous.
The experience of patients also plays a role in persuading people that a drug is a miracle cure. Because using addictive drugs feels good in the short term (that's why they are addictive), it can seem to patients with an enormous range of illnesses that addictive drugs are making their illness better. In some cases this is true: A certain extract of marijuana appears to reduce epileptic seizures, for example (prior Wonkblog coverage here). But in other cases the underlying condition is as bad as ever and the positive feelings that the patient is interpreting as successful treatment are really just the psychoactive reinforcement of the addictive drug.
Fortunately for people facing the potentially deadly disorder of heroin addiction, there is no need to rely on marijuana or any other unproven treatment. Multiple, well-researched FDA-approved medications are available, as are psychological therapies and mutual support groups that can produce additional benefits for heroin-addicted patients. The federal government operates a 24-hour-a-day helpline that can help addicted individuals access these lifesaving services.
Keith Humphreys is a professor of psychiatry at Stanford University
The cases include that of Arnis Zalkans, a Latvian suspected of murdering 14-year-old schoolgirl Alice Gross before killing himself. Before entering Britain they served seven years in prison in their home country for murdering theirs wife.
In another high-profile case Adelhamid Abaaoud, a Belgian citizen who orchestrated the Paris terror attacks, entered Dover last year despite being subject to an arrest warrant.
In several of the cases senior judges expressed their astonishment that the offenders had been allowed into Britain despite the severity of their offences.
The analysis added to the deepening row within the Conservative Party over Europe as David Cameron has repeatedly argued that Britain will be safer if it votes to stay in.
Vote Leave claimed the European Union is "hanging out the welcome sign" to foreign criminals.
Dominic Raab, the eurosceptic justice minster, said: "European Union rules make it far too difficult to control who comes into the UK, and who we can deport. In security terms, that forces us to import risk, at the expense of public protection. There's no escaping the fact that this weakens our security."
The Pirate Bay has been down for about the past 24 hours, and says it has been hit by a "quite big" distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack. The controversial website for torrent downloaders confirmed the attack on its Facebook page, saying "We don't know who's behind it but we have our suspicions."
Just last week, the Pirate Bay criticized the Anonymous hacking group for running a DDoS campaign against Virgin Media. "We do NOT encourage these actions," the Pirate Bay said, also on its Facebook page. "We believe in the open and free internets, where anyone can express their views. Even if we strongly disagree with them and even if they hate us. So don't fight them using their ugly methods. DDOS and blocks are both forms of censorship."
The Pirate Bay, of course, is also under a very different kind of attack from copyright holders, who won a UK ruling last month ordering Internet service providers to block access to the site. But where legal means couldn't shut the Pirate Bay down worldwide, a DDoS attack has succeeded, at least temporarily.
TorrentFreak says the Pirate Bay has been "inaccessible to most of the world for nearly 24 hours," but notes that users can try to access the site through proxies. The Pirate Bay itself warned against users taking matters into their own hands, though, saying yesterday "Use proxies at own risk. Don't login unless you trust the proxy supplier. Don't freak out. You'll get your TPB fix tomorrow."
As of this writing, we're unable to access the Pirate Bay site, with Chrome telling us it is "unable to load the webpage because the server sent no data."
Rousseau was perhaps the first to popularize the fiction now taught in civics classes about how government was created. It holds that men sat down together and rationally thought out the concept of government as a solution to problems that confronted them. The government of the United States was, however, the first to be formed in any way remotely like Rousseau's ideal. Even then, it had far from universal support from the three million colonials whom it claimed to represent. The U.S. government, after all, grew out of an illegal conspiracy to overthrow and replace the existing government.
There's no question that the result was, by an order of magnitude, the best blueprint for a government that had yet been conceived. Most of America's Founding Fathers believed the main purpose of government was to protect its subjects from the initiation of violence from any source; government itself prominently included. That made the U.S. government almost unique in history. And it was that concept – not natural resources, the ethnic composition of American immigrants, or luck – that turned America into the paragon it became.
The origin of government itself, however, was nothing like Rousseau's fable or the origin of the United States Constitution. The most realistic scenario for the origin of government is a roving group of bandits deciding that life would be easier if they settled down in a particular locale, and simply taxing the residents for a fixed percentage (rather like “protection money”) instead of periodically sweeping through and carrying off all they could get away with. It's no accident that the ruling classes everywhere have martial backgrounds. Royalty are really nothing more than successful marauders who have buried the origins of their wealth in romance.
Romanticizing government, making it seem like Camelot, populated by brave knights and benevolent kings, painting it as noble and ennobling, helps people to accept its jurisdiction. But, like most things, government is shaped by its origins. Author Rick Maybury may have said it best in Whatever Happened to Justice?,
“A castle was not so much a plush palace as the headquarters for a concentration camp. These camps, called feudal kingdoms, were established by conquering barbarians who'd enslaved the local people. When you see one, ask to see not just the stately halls and bedrooms, but the dungeons and torture chambers.
“A castle was a hangout for silk-clad gangsters who were stealing from helpless workers. The king was the 'lord' who had control of the blackjack; they claimed a special 'divine right' to use force on the innocent.
“Fantasies about handsome princes and beautiful princesses are dangerous; they whitewash the truth. They give children the impression political power is wonderful stuff.”
IS THE STATE NECESSARY?
The violent and corrupt nature of government is widely acknowledged by almost everyone. That's been true since time immemorial, as have political satire and grousing about politicians. Yet almost everyone turns a blind eye; most not only put up with it, but actively support the charade. That's because, although many may believe government to be an evil, they believe it is a necessary evil (the larger question of whether anything that is evil is necessary, or whether anything that is necessary can be evil, is worth discussing, but this isn't the forum).
What (arguably) makes government necessary is the need for protection from other, even more dangerous, governments. I believe a case can be made that modern technology obviates this function.
One of the most perversely misleading myths about government is that it promotes order within its own bailiwick, keeps groups from constantly warring with each other, and somehow creates togetherness and harmony. In fact, that's the exact opposite of the truth. There's no cosmic imperative for different people to rise up against one another…unless they're organized into political groups. The Middle East, now the world's most fertile breeding ground for hatred, provides an excellent example.
Muslims, Christians, and Jews lived together peaceably in Palestine, Lebanon, and North Africa for centuries until the situation became politicized after World War I. Until then, an individual's background and beliefs were just personal attributes, not a casus belli. Government was at its most benign, an ineffectual nuisance that concerned itself mostly with extorting taxes. People were busy with that most harmless of activities: making money.
But politics do not deal with people as individuals. It scoops them up into parties and nations. And some group inevitably winds up using the power of the state (however “innocently” or “justly” at first) to impose its values and wishes on others with predictably destructive results. What would otherwise be an interesting kaleidoscope of humanity then sorts itself out according to the lowest common denominator peculiar to the time and place.
Sometimes that means along religious lines, as with the Muslims and Hindus in India or the Catholics and Protestants in Ireland; or ethnic lines, like the Kurds and Iraqis in the Middle East or Tamils and Sinhalese in Sri Lanka; sometimes it's mostly racial, as whites and East Indians found throughout Africa in the 1970s or Asians in California in the 1870s. Sometimes it's purely a matter of politics, as Argentines, Guatemalans, Salvadorans, and other Latins discovered more recently. Sometimes it amounts to no more than personal beliefs, as the McCarthy era in the 1950s and the Salem trials in the 1690s proved.
Throughout history government has served as a vehicle for the organization of hatred and oppression, benefitting no one except those who are ambitious and ruthless enough to gain control of it. That's not to say government hasn't, then and now, performed useful functions. But the useful things it does could and would be done far better by the market.
Editor's Note: Unfortunately most people have no idea what really happens when a government goes out of control, let alone how to prepare…
We think everyone should own some physical gold. Gold is the ultimate form of wealth insurance. It's preserved wealth through every kind of crisis imaginable. It will preserve wealth during the next crisis, too.
But if you want to be truly “crisis-proof” there's more to do…
How will you protect yourself in the event of a crisis? New York Times best-selling author Doug Casey and their team just released a PDF guide that will show you exactly how. Click here to download the PDF.
>> UPDATE: Trump signed an order leaving the Embassy in Tel Aviv
WASHINGTON – U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to continue the policy of the previous three presidents and sign the presidential waiver delaying the move of the American embassy in Israel to Jerusalem, according to a report published on Wednesday by CNN.
The report cited senior White House officials who said Trump has reached this decision and will sign the waiver before the final deadline. White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer refused to answer a question on the matter during their televised press briefing on Tuesday.
If Trump signs the waiver, they will break an election promise they made to move the embassy to Jerusalem. They will be the second president to break such a promise, after George W. Bush.
The waiver has been signed by every U.S. president since 1995, and it is valid for six months at a time. President Barack Obama signed it during the last weeks of their term, and on Thursday it will be half a year since they did so. That means that if Trump does not sign the waiver on Thursday, the U.S. government will be forced, by law, to begin the process of relocating the embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem.
Spicer was asked about the issue during their daily press briefing, and despite the fact that the question included the looming deadline, they said that Trump has not yet made up their mind.
"Once we have a decision we'll let you know," they said, adding no further details. This has been Spicer's answer to every question regarding the embassy move ever since Trump entered the White House in January.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
The administration's tug-of-war
A look at the divide within the Trump administration on moving the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem. Haaretz
Two competing groups of senior Trump administration officials have been waging war over this issue for over four months now, since the transition period before Trump took office.
On one side are some of their closest senior political advisors and appointments; on the other are leading cabinet ministers and most of the professional civil servants.
A senior Israeli official who heard from one of Trump's advisors said that before Trump's January 20 inauguration, there was a fierce argument over whether a pledge to move the embassy should be included in their inaugural address. The Prime Minister's Office awaited the speech with a mix of anticipation and trepidation, but discovered that the opponents won out, and the embassy move was dropped from the speech.
According to several people familiar with the administration's internal debates – both in Israel and America, all of whom asked to remain anonymous – the group urging Trump to refuse to sign the waiver and finally move the embassy is headed by Bannon himself. A number of these sources told Haaretz that Bannon doesn't see the embassy move as a promise by Trump to Israel, but as a promise to the president's right-wing nationalist base that put them in the White House.
Another dominant figure in the group pushing for the embassy move is new U.S. Ambassador to Israel David Friedman. During the campaign, it was Friedman who, in interviews with both the American and the Israeli media, repeatedly stressed Trump's promise to move the embassy. Last December, when Trump appointed them as ambassador, they said they would work to strengthen ties between America and Israel, “and look forward to doing this from the U.S. embassy in Israel's eternal capital, Jerusalem.”
REGULAR cannabis smoking boosts the part of the brain that invents excuses.
The Institute for Studies found that people who smoke skunk daily are 84 per cent more effective at explaining why they had failed to do things.
Professor Henry Brubaker said: “Stoners' brains evolve this amazing capacity to make up bullshit excuses which, although unconvincing, are at least creative.
“Long-term cannabis users show extensive growth in the ninth ventricle, the region of the brain that deals with responsibility avoidance.”
Inveterate pothead Roy Hobbs said: “I was supposed to pay the council tax but somehow a wild boar got in the garden and I had to chase it out which took all day. It was all snorting, with tusks and shit.
“Luckily I am ok now and able to sit here watching TV, but I was unable to do any administrative tasks or house cleaning.”
Stoner Mary Fisher was supposed to take their boyfriend's car to the garage: “I was getting some milk out and the fridge fell over, trapping me under it.
“Firemen came to get me out, they broke down the door and then afterwards replaced it with an identical-looking door.
“I'll definitely be way more on the case tomorrow.”
NEW DELHI — A young man was mauled to death by a white tiger at the New Delhi zoo on Tuesday after they fell into a moat in the animal's enclosure and was unable to climb out to safety, witnesses said.
The man, identified by the police as Maqsood Khan, 20, was spotted by other visitors, but the security personnel who came to the scene were not equipped with tranquilizer guns.
Anil Kumar, a police spokesperson, said Mr. Khan was in the enclosure at the National Zoological Park for 10 minutes before they were killed. Photographs showed Mr. Khan several feet from the tiger, their hands folded as if in prayer.
Bystanders with cellphones took images of Mr. Khan cowering in the moat, the tiger pawing at them and later seizing them by the neck and lashing their body back and forth, finally settling in a grassy corner with its prey.
Songs We Love: Dorthia Cottrell, 'Oak Grove'
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jordan Vance/Courtesy of the artist Jordan Vance/Courtesy of the artist
On the outdoor stage at last year's Maryland Deathfest, Dorthia Cottrell was a vocal force you couldn't ignore, as they howled over Windhand's oppressive doom-metal riffs. But as much as Cottrell can match and destroy that volume — just listen to last year's guest vocals with Bastard Sapling — they can shake the ground at a whisper, too. Take a listen to "Oak Grove," from their self-titled solo album.
Like other doom-metal singers before their — Saint Vitus' Wino, Neurosis frontmen Scott Kelly and Steve Von Till — Cottrell channels the lonelier and darker side of Americana, even going so far as to cover classic tunes by Gram Parsons and Townes Van Zandt. Those are good places to start with Cottrell, but to me, their voice resides somewhere between Mark Lanegan's husky howl and Lucinda Williams' desperate heartache, with a breathier heft that gives me the vapors. Backed by Kevin Wade Inge on pedal steel, Cottrell throws a little occult seduction into "Oak Grove": "God is not my problem and my flesh is weak / I'm the kinda girl who needs a devil in a man / To satisfy me."
Dorthia Cottrell comes out March 3 on Forcefield.
by Robin Herbert
Perhaps you are familiar with the following passage from Bertrand Russell:
“Observation versus Authority: To modern educated people, it seems obvious that matters of fact are to be ascertained by observation, not by consulting ancient authorities. But this is an entirely modern conception, which hardly existed before the seventeenth century. Aristotle maintained that women have fewer teeth than men; although they were twice married, it never occurred to them to verify this statement by examining their wives' mouths.” [1]
This criticism of Aristotle is often repeated and unreflectively accepted due to the reputation of Bertrand Russell. Edward de Bono embroidered upon this theme:
“Finally there was Aristotle, with their word-based inclusion/exclusion logic. Aristotle believed that men had more teeth than did women. Although they were married twice, they never actually counted the teeth of either wife. They did not need to. With horses, the stallion had more teeth than the mare; so they “knew” that the male of the species has more teeth than the female. Aristotle derived their categories from the past and then argued whether something did or did not fit into a particular category.” [2]
It is useful to look at what Aristotle actually said:
”Males have more teeth than females in the case of men, sheep, goats, and swine; in the case of other animals observations have not yet been made.” [3]
Of course Aristotle is wrong, but they are wrong because they were misinformed about the observation, not — as Russell and de Bono suggest, because they did not believe that observations were important. Aristotle believed that observation was important and said so.  They are claiming that their knowledge derives from observation and they are carefully listing only the species in which they believe that this observation has been made. Their use of the word “yet” demonstrates that they believed more observations were necessary.
Much of Aristotle's writings on animals uses first-hand observation, but they could not possibly make personal observations of every animal on which they wrote and so had to rely on observations that were made by others whom they trusted. Any scientist working today does exactly the same, but has the luxury of multiple sources at their disposal, which Aristotle did not have.
Bertrand Russell was married three times but does not disclose whether or not they counted their wives' teeth in order to ascertain that Aristotle was wrong. I imagine that, like Aristotle, their belief about this is formed by trusting an observation that has already been made, the difference being that their information, mid-twentieth century, is better than that available in the 4th century BCE.
Notwithstanding this advantage, Russell still manages to be wrong about Aristotle's attitude toward observation. While Russell castigates Aristotle for not counting their wives' teeth, it does not appear to have occurred to Russell to verify their own statement by going to the bookshelf and reading what Aristotle actually wrote.
Aristotle seems to be popular as a whipping boy these days, a sport often based upon myths like the one above. The more of these myths we hear repeated, the more people are inclined to believe that Aristotle held absurd opinions. The Wikipedia entry on the history of pain theory [4], for instance, says “Aristotle believed that pain was due to evil spirits that entered the body through an injury” and cites not a primary text by Aristotle, but “Models of Pain Perception” [5] by Steven Linton as the source. The author of that text says: “Aristotle, on the other hand, asserted that pain was due to evil spirits and the gods. These entered the body via an injury.”
Anyone who is even slightly familiar with Aristotle will be more than a little suspicious of that — it doesn't sound like anything that Aristotle would say. Turns out that Linton uses as their source David Morris' “Sociocultural and Religious Meanings of Pain” [6]. However, Linton appears to have misread Morris, who does not claim this, but rather mentions that some cultures believed evil spirits caused pain in a paragraph following one in which Aristotle is mentioned.
Thus by Chinese Whispers the claim gains spurious authority in Wikipedia, and the importance of citing primary texts is demonstrated once again.
Or take Stephen Hawking and Leonard Mlodinov. In their book “The Grand Design” [7], they write:
“To explain the fact that objects clearly pick up speed as they fall, they [Aristotle] invented a new principle — that bodies proceed more jubilantly, and hence accelrate, when they come closer to their natural place of rest, a principle that today seems a more apt description of certain people than of inanimate objects.”
Again, to anyone who is even a little bit familiar with Aristotle, this claim seems suspect. It doesn't sound like the kind of thing that Aristotle said, and the authors do not cite where this notion comes from. After a little digging I found that the Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy has identified the source of this claim as the psychologist B F Skinner. The commentary is scathing:
“Indeed, it is evident that whatever the merits of the most penetrating of such criticisms, much of the contumely directed at Aristotle is stunningly illiterate. To take but one of any number of mind-numbing examples, the famous American psychologist B.F. Skinner reveals that ‘Aristotle argued that a falling body accelerated because it grew more jubilant as it found itself nearer its home.' To anyone who has actually read Aristotle, it is unsurprising that this ascription comes without an accompanying textual citation. For Aristotle, as Skinner would portray him, rocks are conscious beings having end states which they so delight in procuring that they accelerate themselves in exaltation as they grow ever closer to attaining them. There is no excuse for this sort of intellectual slovenliness…” [8]
That was not difficult to find, but Mlodinov and Hawking, so careful with evidence when they are doing physics, seem to have uncritically believed this claim rather than checking it.
What I find astonishing is that, while a non academic like me with only a passing knowledge of Aristotle can read that and immediately spot that there is something wrong with the claim, the authors, not to mention the editors, sub-editors and proof-readers whose hands these books would also pass through, did not have even the sparse knowledge of Aristotle that I have. And yet this book and the authors' reputations will likely stand as authority in the future on behalf of this false claim.
By far the most common example of Aristotle getting something wrong is that they believed that heavier bodies fall quicker than lighter bodies. It is quite difficult to track down where Aristotle said this as the claim is so familiar it is always uncited. It seems likely that for most people the source of this claim is Galileo's “A Dialogue Concerning Two New Sciences” in which they attribute words to Aristotle which the philosopher seems never to have said. I could find two places where Aristotle has made a similar claim and one is in “On the Heavens”:
“Again, the suggestion of a certain ratio between the void and the solid in a body is no more equal to solving the problem before us. The manner of speaking will issue in a similar impossibility. For any two portions of fire, small or great, will exhibit the same ratio of solid to void, but the upward movement of the greater is quicker than that of the less, just as the downward movement of a mass of gold or lead, or of any other body endowed with weight, is quicker in proportion to its size. This, however, should not be the case if the ratio is the ground of distinction between heavy things and light.” [9]
Yes, Aristotle got it wrong. However, again, their failure is due to an incorrect observation rather than a faulty methodology. Aristotle is saying that a particular hypothesis is wrong because it is ruled out by an observation, so their approach was right on the principle, they were just wrong about the specific observation.
Perhaps the most fashionable criticism of Aristotle is that they believed that logic and not observation was the way to acquire knowledge about the world, as Lawrence Krauss puts it:
“But the point is, if we continue to rely on our understanding of the universe on Aristotelian logic, on classical logic, by what we think is sensible, we would still be living in a world where heavier objects, we think, fall faster than light objects, because they're heavier, as Aristotle used to think, instead of doing the experiment to check it out.” [10]
The problem is that, as we have seen, Aristotle did not arrive to their conclusion through logic, but via faulty data. Moreover, Aristotle explicitly rejected the idea that logic can be used to gain knowledge about the world and insisted instead that we must start with an inductive process based on empirical data [11]. So the point that Krauss is making is exactly the same point that Aristotle made two thousand, three hundred years ago, and yet Krauss phrases it as a criticism of the Aristotelian approach!
I am not saying that Aristotle invented anything like the modern scientific method. They struggled to find the best mix of observation and deductive logic, and they did not employ the mathematical approach that Archimedes and Euclid would develop a few decades later. But we cannot read Aristotle as though they were writing yesterday, or a century ago or even five centuries ago. It does not diminish Aristotle's stature that, in the fourth century BCE, one man in one lifetime did not complete what it would take the rest of humankind another 2,000 years to achieve.
Edward de Bono complained that Aristotle sent us in the wrong direction and that we would have achieved more, sooner if Aristotle had not existed. But de Bono is basing this opinion on factually incorrect information about what Aristotle wrote. It is de Bono, not Aristotle, who is tailoring their evidence to their conclusion.
Aristotle said much that has turned out to be wrong. As far as some of their errors are concerned, it may seem to us absurd that an intelligent man could have made them in any historical time, and yet it is certainly difficult to know what might and might not have seemed reasonable 2,300 years ago. Even today most of what we believe we have not tested for ourselves, and we trust a number of sources instead, just like Aristotle did. We do not know much about their sources either; for example, they may have heard information on the care and feeding of elephants from mahouts and thought it reasonable to trust them.
If you are still inclined to judge them harshly, consider what nonsense Hawking, Mlodinov, de Bono, Skinner, and a long list of others believe about Aristotle without a shred of evidence, and how many people in turn believe these authors, even though our sources of evidence today are far more numerous, more reliable, and more easily accessible than anything Aristotle had. Even today highly intelligent people can believe nonsensical notions without evidence, and none of us can claim to be immune from the problem.
Moreover, there is much in Aristotle's writings that demonstrates careful observation. Aristotle's description of a bird at various stages of its development can only have come from Aristotle themselves having done the dissections of eggs at various stages of development or at least having been present at such a dissection. It is impressive work even today. [12]
The knee-jerk reaction to dismiss Aristotle is, I think, due to the fact that they were so enthusiastically adopted by the Scholastics in the middle ages. This is, in itself, a misstatement of the actual history of ideas, but even if it were the case, we can of course hardly blame Aristotle for how people interpreted him, often on the basis of partial texts, so long after their death.
It is time we revive Aristotle and rescue them from common slanders and misinformation. Their achievements were impressive, and include setting us on a course for the development of the modern scientific method — through their systemization of logic and by the demonstration that logic alone cannot provide us with scientific knowledge about the world (contra, for example, what Plato — Aristotle's teacher — thought). They are, as Kant describes him, “the Bede of the Empiricists.”
Those who advocate a scientific world view should, in fact, cherish Aristotle, recognising them as a pioneer. Think of them not as “The Philosopher” of Aquinas's Summa, but as a man who can justifiably be considered the first biologist.
At the very least, next time you read or hear something ludicrous that Aristotle is supposed to have said or believed, don't trust it unless you can find a primary text in which Aristotle actually said it. Evidence before credence.
_____
Robin Herbert is a software developer from Sydney, as well as an intermittent student of mathematics with a long time interest in the history and philosophy of science.
[1] Bertrand Russell, The Impact of Science on Society, p. 7. Simon & Schuster Inc, 1968.
[2] Edward de Bono, Guardian, 25 January 1997.
[3] Aristotle, On the Parts of Animals: Book III.
[4] Wikipedia on the history of pain.
[5] Steven Linton, Models of Pain Perception, Elsevier Health, 2005.
[6] David Morris, Sociocultural and Religious Meanings of Pain.
[7] Stephen Hawking and Leonard Mlodinov, “The Grand Design,” Bantam, 2010.
[8] Stanford Encyclopedia of Philosophy on Aristotle.
[9] Aristotle, On the Heavens, Book IV, part 2.
[10] Lawrence Krauss vs William Lane Craig debate, North Carolina State University, March 30 2011.
[11] Aristotle, Posterior Analytics, Book II, part 19.
[12] Aristotle, History of Animals, Book IV, part 3.
Advertisements
In what has turned into a lost season of late-inning blowups, sloppy defense and poor hitting (yes, I'm talking about you Pablo), the “defending champions” sit at 52-65 and are in last place in the NL West. It has been a nightmare of a season for the San Francisco Giants, and 2014 can't come soon enough.
But no matter how dreadful a season may be, one can always look for the positives. Madison Bumgarner is proving themselves as one of the best in the game. Buster Posey and Marco Scutaro are hitting over .300. Brandon Belt has started to turn their career around.
What may be the most surprising story line of the 2013 season is the emergence of 30-year-old Chad Gaudin as one of the most consistent starting pitchers in the Giants rotation. A broken hand to Ryan Vogelsong opened up a slot in the rotation for the journey-man Gaudin, who signed a $750,000 contract to play for the ninth team in their 11-year career.
Whether they stay with San Francisco or goes elsewhere, they will be getting a much fatter paycheck then the one they are getting now. Gaudin has epitomized the term “reliable” – as a long reliever and starter, they have posted a stellar 2.42 ERA. Other than a bad outing against the Reds on July 24th, Gaudin has given the Giants a chance to win, as San Francisco has gone 7-4 in games they have started.
Gaudin's out-of-nowhere season is similar to that of Ryan Vogelsong, whom, oddly enough, they replaced.
Vogelsong, after being drafted by San Francisco, bounced around the minor leagues and Japan until they found their stuff in 2011. They were named to the NL All Star team in 2011, and they followed by posting a 3.37 ERA in 2012. Their postseason was even better, winning Game 3 of the NLDS to keep San Francisco's season alive, winning Game 2 and 6 of the NLCS, and then putting the Giants in position for a World Series sweep with a Game 3 victory.
Unfortunately, Gaudin won't be able to showcase themselves come this October, but if the Giants want to make a run to the playoffs in 2014, then re-signing Gaudin is a necessity.
San Francisco will have Bumgarner and Matt Cain atop the rotation, and they will most certainly have to account for Ryan Vogelsong's $6 million dollar option for next season. Beloved Tim Lincecum is a wild card, they could sign the one year, $13.8 million tendered contract that they are going to be offered or look for a longer term deal. Regardless, there would still be an open spot in the rotation that would need to be filled.
Gaudin's versatility is a major plus. They can either start, come in for short relief, or be the long man in the rotation. There are not many pitchers in baseball like this, thus making Gaudin valuable. They can start the year in the rotation and then if Edwin Escobar or another prospect is ready to come up, they could transition smoothly to the pen if asked upon.
 They are only 30 years old and still has a few more good seasons in their arm. If they ask for a two-year, $9 million dollar deal, then the Giants should give it to him. They should be relied upon to help hold together together this rotation for the 2014 season before the top prospects of Escobar, Kyle Crick, Clayton Blackburn and Chris Stratton are major league ready.
Gaudin is definitely not receiving the praise that they deserve in the dreadful 2013 campaign. Perhaps they should be replaced by Michael Kickham every fifth day for the fan base to truly appreciate their value to the team.
Sure, 2013 has been a nightmare. But if San Francisco wants to make 2014 memorable, then resigning Chad Gaudin is a good first step.
Screenshot by Rafe Needleman/CNET
Modern captchas are effective at keeping bots and algorithms from accessing Web sites made for humans. They also generate collateral damage and keep up to 25 percent of humans out, too, according to Ron Moravek, COO of NuCaptcha. They say they have a better, more flexible technology for filtering humans from bots.
NuCaptcha is a replacement technology for the free, Google-owned ReCaptcha service. There are two major differences between NuCaptcha and ReCaptcha. First, NuCaptcha displays moving text against a moving image. While this makes it harder for computers to discern text from background, it makes it much easier for humans. We use relative motion as additional information that helps us see patterns, not as noise to be processed out. This effective processing gap means that captcha text can be shorter--three characters is enough--and that it's much less painful for humans to read the text and proceed past the challenge. "It can be solved in three seconds," Moravek says.
Second, the NuCaptcha system accepts parameters for the strength of the captcha. Just want a lightweight system to keep out most bots and scrapers? You can get a captcha so simple a one-eyed monkey could pass it. But if you want to add more security, like a system in front of a password reset process, you can turn up the heat. Moravek reminds me that Google's ReCaptcha system is not configurable.
Screenshot by Rafe Needleman/CNET
NuCaptcha is free with default options. There are also advertising-supported versions, and paid options for enterprise clients that include features like behavioral analysis: The captchas get harder if the user's activity before he, she, or it hits the captcha looks bot-like. For example, if forms are getting filled out a super-human speed.
Running an entire business around captchas seems to be a particularly weird game of technological cat and mouse. Computers keep getting faster and better at pattern recognition, and the better they get, the more annoying so far, captchas have gotten too. For now, this motion-based captcha technology puts humans back in the lead. It also gives NuCaptcha a--probably temporary--leg up on Google.
Sky high salaries paid by for your tax dollars. The Investigative Unit reviewed the salaries of more than 500,000 local and county workers statewide to show you who's earning big bucks in salary, overtime and bonuses. Vicky Nguyen reports on Dec. 17, 2013. (Published Tuesday, Dec. 17, 2013)
Which City and County Workers in CA Earn More than the President?
They're some of the highest paid Californians, but they don't work for tech giants like Apple or Google, they work for you, and they're paid with your tax dollars.
New data released by the California Controller's Office and analyzed by the NBC Bay Area Investigative Unit revealed a spike in the number of high-paid city and county government employees.
According to the data, 104 local government workers took home more than the President of the United States in 2012, earning more than $400,000 in total wages. That's up from 2011, when only 68 workers topped $400,000.
The highest paid county worker was an Orthopedic Surgeon for Kern Medical Center in Kern County, making $1,040,651.
The highest paid city worker was the City Manager for Buena Park who took home $545,394. This marks the third consecutive year where the highest paid city employee in California is the city manager of a small town in Southern California, following Indian Hills in 2011 ($677,172), and Bell in 2010 ($765,237).
BAY AREA SALARIES
Some of the top wage earners in the Bay Area include the following:
A city attorney in Pleasant Hill: 465,209
An Alameda County administrator: $463,793
A fire chief for the city of Milpitas: $ 461,212
A fire chief in Millbrae who made $416,931
The growing number of high paid public workers is a trend that has government watchdog groups calling for more accountability.
“Anytime there's a highly compensated individual, you have to ask, whether or not that person is appropriately compensated,” California Common Cause executive director Kathay Feng told NBC Bay Area.
Feng said that bonuses and overtime can often indicate whether public money is being properly managed.
“When overtime starts to exceed [an employee's] base pay, you have to ask whether or not the city is making good judgments,” Feng said.
OVERTIME AND BONUSES
NBC Bay Area's analysis of bonuses and overtime payments found many of the top overtime earners were right here in the Bay Area.
Chief among them? A fire lieutenant for the city of San Francisco who pulled in $220,909 in overtime, the most out of any city or county employee in the state. That was on top of the employee's $128,809 base salary.
Not far behind on the list of top overtime earners: an Oakland police officer who made $206,825 in overtime, in addition to $98,095 in base pay.
The Bay Area agency that paid the most in overtime, according to state data, was the San Francisco Municipal Transportation Agency (SFMTA), which paid a combined total of $55,508,594 to workers in overtime. That's more than the overtime totals for San Francisco Fire ($33,848,516), San Francisco Police ($41,527,562), the entire city of Oakland ($38,771,300) and San Jose ($28,582,468).
SFMTA also had one of the biggest bonus payouts in the state, paying a transit manager $200,951 in additional compensation, adding to that employee's $98,211 salary.
“What it says to me is that these compensation levels are rising, and they're rising unchecked. Citizens are not calling foul,” Autumn Carter with the Los Altos-based think tank California Common Sense said.
Carter said examining public salaries is one way to prevent cities from heading towards potential bankruptcy.
“If you think back to Stockton and Vallejo, they weren't having these conversations beforehand. It's only after the fact that we tend to wake up and say, ‘Hey these compensation levels are simply unsustainable,'” Carter said.
For most cities, including Oakland and San Jose, emergency services were responsible for the lion's share of overtime costs.
However, in Santa Clara, that was not the case.
State records show that the most of the city's overtime costs were paid to electric utility workers with Silicon Valley Power, totaling $2,834,744. That's more than the $2.3 million in overtime paid to police, fire and all other city workers combined.
Silicon Valley Power manager Larry Owens said he's not surprised by high overtime and attributes the costs to a shortage in skilled electrical workers.
“Having a lot of overtime is certainly not sustainable,” Owens said.
They said the department's overtime has risen over the past two years because of Santa Clara's recent boom in development. The city is currently involved in 20 major projects, including the new 49ers stadium, and is currently hiring more workers to reduce overtime costs.
“I firmly believe Silicon Valley Power is doing the best it can to meet the demands of customers and continue to provide safe and reliable power,” Owens said.
Meanwhile, government watchdogs say it's important for public agencies to balance their promises to workers with fiscal responsibility for taxpayers.
“The attention that people are now giving is important. It allows us to gauge what the public is willing to spend for good talent, and what might be crossing the line,” Feng said.
Agency France-Presse reports: "The White House on Friday reaffirmed its threat to veto the Pentagon budget after the Senate passed a funding bill that requires military detention for terrorism suspects and indefinite detention without trial in some cases."
A detainee runs inside an exercise area at the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay US Naval Base, Cuba. (photo: Michelle Shephard/AFP)
Obama Stands Firm: No Homeland Battlefield
By Agency France-Presse
The language being used by the White House here appears politically driven, when they say the so-called 'Homeland Battlefield' provisions in the pending defense bill are unacceptable because they 'would restrict US flexibility in the fight against Al-Qaeda.' The pro-active security-driven logic is a political safe harbor for the administration. In essence, what the administration is saying is, if the provisions remain in the bill the president will veto it. The broader and far more important issue, that the proposed provisions would stand in contradiction to one of the constitution's most fundamental civil liberties mechanisms, Habeas Corpus, is left unaddressed by the White House or Congress. -- MA/RSN
they White House on Friday reaffirmed its threat to veto the Pentagon budget after the Senate passed a funding bill that requires military detention for terrorism suspects and indefinite detention without trial in some cases.
White House spokesperson Jay Carney accused the Senate of engaging in "political micromanagement" by including provisions that they said would restrict US flexibility in the fight against Al-Qaeda.
"Any bill that challenges or constrains the president's critical authority to collect intelligence, incapacitate dangerous terrorists and protect the nation will prompt their senior advisors to recommend a veto," Carney said.
The provisions were in a $660 billion 2012 defense bill that passed the Senate on Thursday in a 93-7 vote.
It would require that terrorism suspects be held by the military, and either be tried by US military commissions or in some cases be held indefinitely.
The White House sees the provisions as a constraint on the administration's ability to transfer prisoners from Guantanamo Bay to the United States, try them in civilian court, or even transfer them to foreign countries.
"Counterterrorism officials from the Republican and Democratic administrations as you know have said that the language in this bill would jeopardize the national security by restricting flexibility in our fight against Al-Qaeda," Carney said.
"By ignoring these non-partisan recommendations, including the recommendations of the secretary of defense, the director of the FBI, the director of national intelligence and the attorney general, the Senate has unfortunately engaged in a little political micromanagement at the expense of sensible national security policy," they added.
- A state lawmaker filed new legislation Wednesday to legalize the growth and production of medical marijuana in Georgia.
Rep. Allen Peake, R-Macon, is the main sponsor of the bill (HB 722), which they called, "Haleigh's Hope Act Part II."
Last year, the legislature passed "Haleigh's Hope Act," which was named for Haleigh Cox, a little girl who suffers from severe seizures.
That bill created a state registry where patients with eight specific conditions could apply for a medical cannabis card. That card allows them to possess and use medical cannabis in Georgia without the fear of prosecution.
The final version of "Haleigh's Hope Act," however, left Georgia patients unable to acquire it. It is illegal to grow or produce cannabis in our state; federal law prohibits people from buying cannabis and transporting it across state lines.
"It's a big problem because right now I either have to go to Colorado or find any kind of creative ways to get it, which are not always 100 percent legal under federal law," said Sebastien Cotte, whose son, Jagger suffers from mitochondrial disease.
The Cottes moved to Colorado for a year so that they could access cannabis oil for their son, but they moved back to Stone Mountain in September. They are one of several Georgia families lobbying state officials to allow in-state cultivation.
"We can't just be doing this back and forth all the time," Cotte explained. "It's expensive. It's very taxing physically, emotionally."
HB 722 will face some significant hurdles. Governor Nathan Deal has publicly expressed concerns about allowing marijuana to be grown in Georgia.
"Any piece of legislation faces its challenges and this one will face some huge challenges as well, but I'm optimistic that we can address the concerns that law enforcement has expressed, the issues that the Governor has had as well, too," said Rep. Peake. "I think we can provide a compelling argument to the Governor and my colleagues that this is the logical next step for hurting Georgians here in Georgia."
Cotte said passage of this bill could mean the difference between their family staying home or moving to Colorado permanently.
"At the end of the day, we have to do what's best for Jagger and that might mean us going back to Colorado, except that this time it would be for good," Cotte said.
The bill would also expand the list of ailments that qualify for the state's medical cannabis registry from eight to 17. Those new conditions include glaucoma, Tourette's, autism and post traumatic stress disorder.
If lawmakers pass HB 722, the Georgia Department of Public Health would be required to choose two to six manufacturers to produce medical cannabis. Those manufacturers would then have to start providing medical cannabis to patients by July 2017.
The United Nations is investigating reports of a Saudi-led air attack on a hotel near Sanaa, the capital of Yemen, as the death toll rose to at least 41 people, including women and children.
Hussain Albukhaiti, an activist based in Sanaa, told Al Jazeera that at least 13 people were still missing on Thursday after the air raid a day earlier.
Houthi rebels were apparently the target of Wednesday's air raid, which hit Muntazah al-Shabab li-Rihla wa-Nawm - a popular hotel in Arhab district 35km north of the capital.
Almaseera, a television channel run by Houthis, who control Sanaa, confirmed the death toll.
Citing local residents, Albukhaiti said that the Saudi-led coalition, which controls Yemen's airspace, carried out a "double-tap", first striking the hotel, then a gate leading to the building.
Dozens of people were crushed to death, they said, after the roof of the two-storey building collapsed.
Several others, including first responders, were then "cut into pieces" by the second military attack.
Albukhaiti said that there were no Houthi rebels present in the area or at any military installation nearby at the time of the attack.
The UN could not confirm the assault, but rights officials were investigating the reports, UN Secretary-General Antonio Guterres' spokesperson said in New York.
"What is clear is that any attack on civilians is unacceptable. This is a message we have often repeated, and we will continue to repeat," Stephane Dujarric said.
'Man-made catastrophe'
UN humanitarian chief Stephen O'Brien described the conflict between the Saudi-backed Yemeni government and the Houthis as a "deplorable, avoidable, completely human-made catastrophe" in a briefing to the UN Security Council last week.
The number of air raids per month is now three times higher than last year, and monthly reports of armed clashes are up 50 percent, they said.
The conflict in Yemen has escalated dramatically since March 2015, when Saudi-led forces launched a military operation against rebels.
Since fighting began, more than 10,000 people have been killed, and millions have been driven from their homes.
The country is also facing a health crisis, with close to 2,000 people having died from cholera since April, more than half a million people infected, and another 600,000 expected to contract the infection this year.
Additional reporting by Faisal Edroos: @faisaledroos
Local Motion
Silicon Valley startup Local Motion has picked up $6 million in funding, as well as a new board member in former Microsoft executive Steven Sinofsky.
The company, which makes hardware and cloud services to control access and track the activity of vehicles, announced $6 million in series A funding on Wednesday. The investment was led by Andreessen Horowitz, and Sinofsky, who joined the venture capital firm as a board partner last week.
Local Motion plans to use the funding to expand its team, co-founder Clement Gires told CNET. It needs to hire more electrical engineers, as well as firmware developers and mobile developers. Gires also expressed enthusiasm about having 23-year Microsoft veteran Sinofsky on board, who they said helped drive (no pun intended) the venture firm's interest to invest.
"He helped build one of the largest companies in the world, and I can get them on the phone at any time of the day," Gires joked. "That's tremendous operating background."
There are more than 10 million cars in fleets across the US but many sit unused or could be used more efficiently, Gires said. That's something that resonated with Sinofsky after seeing it first-hand from their house in downtown Seattle.
"The city of Seattle [owns] what seems like hundreds of these white Toyota Priuses....I see the giant parking lot where they keep them in, and I see that even during the day they're unused," Sinofsky told CNET. "They're not an efficient use of resources. The people who drive the fleets, and own the fleets would love to have fewer cars that are used more. There's less repair, there's less maintenance, there's less capital, there's less energy, less insurance -- and if you can be more efficient, it doesn't change the availability of the car."
That's just what Local Motion promises to do using hardware installed inside cars, which lets people get access and check availability from connected online tools. The company tracks all of that on the back end and can offer analytics and operational guidance for the people in charge of managing the fleets.
Local Motion
Gires declined to say just how many vehicles it's tracking as part of its system. So far, its largest customer is Google, which uses Local Motion-connected vehicles on its campus. The company is also targeting cities and universities, which can have anywhere from 2,000 to 3,000 vehicles as part of their operations.
Local Motion began as a hardware startup, building small vehicles to carry passengers that integrated the various electronics and wireless sensors. The company changed directions after its creators came to the conclusion that it would be simpler and more effective to create the hardware and install it in existing vehicles.
"It would take quite a bit of time to manufacture millions of cars when there were already fleets of cars being used every day," Gires said. Even so, the company still has a few of the models kicking around and continues to use them for prototype testing. "The car is very inspirational to us. It's good to have it, and to test ideas," Gires said.
CNET
Local Motion's efforts dovetail with a growing list of companies that are trying to solve transportation efficiency not for businesses, but for consumers -- an area Gires says the company is not focusing on. San Francisco-based startups Lyft, Sidecar, and Uber all have services that help people get places in cars without having to rent them or use traditional transport services. The rental market alone is estimated to reach more than $10 billion a year, according to Ronald Nelson, the CEO of Avis, which purchased ZipCar for $500 million last December.
For their part, Sinofsky (who didn't say how much of the $6 million investment came from their own pocket) said they were drawn to the company for its co-founders, Gires and John Stanfield.
"You've got two guys who, one of them built an electric car and a diesel converter thing and then built the car, and then another who worked on shared transportation in France, yet they're both Stanford engineers and they meet rock climbing. It's like a movie script."
After issuing a mea culpa over the image of an Android bot urinating on an Apple logo that popped up in Google Maps a few weeks ago, the company now it'll be temporarily shutting down editing on mapmaker so it can deal with the problem of abuse.
Though the Maps team has made “several changes” since the incident, spam in mapmaker edits has been climbing recently, team member Pavithra Kanakarajan wrote in a product forums post (via The Verge), and it's too much for them to handle. As it stands now, every edit in mapmaker is reviewed manually, in what can only be a time-consuming process.
To give the Google team time to catch up, the team is freezing all edits starting on May 12.
“We believe that it is more fair to only say that if we do not have the capacity to review edits at roughly the rate they come in, we have to take a pause,” Kanakarajan wrote.
It's unclear when the tool will be live again, but they add that it's a “temporary situation and one that we hope to come out of as soon as possible.”
mapmaker will be temporarily unavailable for editing starting May 12, 2015 [Google Product Forums]
B.C.'s coroner and Vancouver Island health officials are reviewing the suicide of a 23-year-old Saanich man who killed themselves days after being discharged from Royal Jubilee Hospital, despite the objection of family and friends.
A memorial service will be held for Jeffrey Dayne Johnson at Saxe Point on Sunday. They ended their lives July 26, five days after they were released from hospital.
article continues below
“I feel like they failed my friend,” said Lindsay Christensen, 25. “I said if you release them tomorrow, they will end up dead or someone else will end up dead and they released them anyway. They said ‘he seems fine' and that's the reaction I got.”
The dead man's father took seriously their son's earlier suicide threats, when Johnson superficially slashed their wrists and wrote cryptic notes on social media that they were ending their lives.
Their father called police to have their son committed. Police acted swiftly, found Johnson after a five-hour search, and took them to hospital. “They did a very good job,” said father Jeff Johnson, 51.
Apparently, Dayne Johnson (he went by their second name) had ingested bleach, so they were admitted to a medical floor. They were never transferred to Victoria Mental Health Centre at the Eric Martin Pavilion or Psychiatric Emergency Services at the Archie Courtnall Centre.
Instead, three days after being admitted, they were released — drug addicted and despondent, say family.
“I want to know why they let them go,” said their father. “He was going to die if they let them go and that's exactly what happened. I'm getting no answers [from VIHA].”
VIHA said it is conducting a case review. “If there are any recommendations from the review that suggest things could have been done differently, we would make appropriate changes to the program,” said VIHA spokesperson Sarah Plank.
Anyone admitted through a VIHA hospital emergency department is assessed for the appropriate type of care, be it primarily medical or psychiatric. A person with mental- health issues would have consultation with a psychiatrist and that doctor would advise on what further treatment or care is needed, Plank said.
“A patient is discharged on the referral or advice of the physician,” Plank said. “Obviously, this is tragic so we are reviewing it because we want to make sure we are doing everything we can to make sure something like this doesn't happen again.”
Johnson was 'just another statistic'
Family and friends say Jeffrey Dayne Johnson was in too much pain and too tired to carry on when they committed suicide days after being discharged from hospital.
The Vancouver Island Health Authority is reviewing the case of the 23-year-old Saanich man to see if things could have been handled differently.
Johnson was dismayed they had become “one of those people” so drug addicted they didn't know how to crawl out of the hole they had dug for himself, said their mother, Pam Cooke.
The family says there were mental-health problems on both sides of their family, but no one looked for warning signs until they fell into drug addiction in recent years.
Their anxiety was so severe that they complained to their mother of their racing heart and shortness of breath. Sometimes, they didn't know whether to sit or stand or go to the hospital. Sometimes, they would ask their mother to just lie beside them until it went away and they could fall asleep.
Antidepressants didn't seem to work for him, or they didn't get the right treatment or the right prescription, said Cooke. Instead, they self-medicated with street drugs, they said.
“In the end, the hopelessness outweighed their ability to seek help,” Cooke said. “He was hoping all of a sudden things would go back to normal and they wouldn't be this guy — the guy that's lost control of their life and not being who they thought they would be.”
About two years ago, Johnson returned to living with their mother. “Life was over and they were sick of everything,” Cooke said.
A few days before they died, Dayne Johnson made what their father, Jeff Johnson, called a cry for help.
“Apparently, they drank some bleach on that night and superficially cut their wrists,” Cooke said.
Jeff Johnson called police in the hopes of having their son committed.
“He never even went to Eric Martin and that blows my mind,” Cooke said. “I just never dreamed they would be on the fourth floor of the hospital.”
When they heard they were being discharged three days later, they talked to their caseworker, who said they were fine.
“I don't care how fine someone seems, two days later you can't be possibly fine,” Cooke said.
On the day of their death, Cooke let their son sleep throughout the day. They checked on them at 5:30 p.m., and found their body was limp and their lips were blue. Friend Lindsay Christensen and paramedics arrived minutes later.
That morning, Christensen had arranged for them to get into a treatment program. They had told them in hospital that they didn't trust themselves back on the streets, but would go to any treatment program.
“I got the feeling they were just another statistic and this is just the way the system works, unfortunately,” Christensen said. “That's the sense I got from them. It was kind of like ‘there's not much we can do.' ”
“On the discharge day, they called me to pick them up and gave them some pamphlets and flyers,” Christensen said. It was apparent, they said, they were too mentally unstable to organize treatment for himself.
“He was incapable of doing it and they were saying they were incapable of doing it,” Christensen said.
“If they could have stayed in hospital or [the Eric Martin psychiatric facility] until I could get them into treatment, they would still be here,” Christensen said.
“I feel like they failed my friend and it wasn't even a case where they were fighting to be released. They were saying ‘I want to stay here. I'm safe.' ” Christensen said. “I said when they released him, ‘What is they to do now?' ”
“ ‘That's for them to figure out,' they said. Those exact words.”
ceharnett@timescolonist.com
This article first published on November 21, 2013 is in relevance to the recent Florida mass shooting. What could be the underlying reason in this dramatic increase of shootings in the US?
“While the data about the ever-increasing random shootings is important, it doesn't mean spit unless someone in a position of power is willing to seriously question what is causing the violent behavior. A beginning point might be to ask if there is a common denominator among the shooters.”
By Kelly Patricia O'Meara
The U.S. Attorney General, Eric Holder, recently announced that the rate of mass shootings in the U.S. is increasing. Although the information could hardly come as a surprise to most Americans, what is interesting is that the nation's top cop provided no clues as to what may be causing this severe increase in deadly violent acts.
As Holder reported, the annual number of mass-shooting incidents in the U.S. has tripled since 2009 and, remarkably, the average number of shootings has increased from 5 per year before 2009 to 15 per year since.
While the data about the ever-increasing random shootings is important, it doesn't mean spit unless someone in a position of power is willing to seriously question what is causing the violent behavior. A beginning point might be to ask if there is a common denominator among the shooters.
For instance, at the same time that mass-shootings have increased in the U.S., so has the use of prescription psychiatric drugs. If one considers this list of well-publicized shootings between 1999 and 2013, it is clearly evident that the majority of these shooters were either taking, or strongly suspected of taking, mind-altering psychiatric drugs.
The data that reinforce the psychiatric drugs and violence connection is overwhelming.
Between 2004 -2012 there have been 14,773 reports to the US FDA's MedWatch system on psychiatric drugs causing violent side effects including, 1,531 cases of homicidal ideation/homicide, 3,287 cases of mania and 8,219 cases of aggression. The FDA estimates that less than 1% of all serious adverse events are reported.
A PLOS One study, based on FDA adverse event drug data, authored by Thomas J. Moore, Joseph Glenmullen and Curt D. Furberg, found that “acts of violence towards others are a genuine and serious adverse drug event associated with a relatively small group of drugs.” Verenicline (Chantix) and antidepressants with serotonergic effects were the most strongly and consistently implicated drugs.
There are 22 international drug regulatory warnings on psychiatric drugs citing effects of mania, hostility, aggression, violence and even homicidal ideation.
Psychiatrists prescribe antipsychotic drugs to children in one third of all visits, which is three times higher than during the 1990′s, and nearly 90 percent of those prescriptions written between 2005 and 2009 were prescribed for something other than what the Food and Drug Administration approved them for. Antipsychotics have been described as a chemical lobotomy because of their ability to disable normal brain function.
Emergency Room visits involving nonmedical use of Central Nervous System Stimulants (CNS) among adults aged 18-34 increased from 5,605 in 2005 to 22,949 in 2011. CNS drugs include prescription ADHD drugs.
According to IMS Health, there has been a 22% increase in the number of Americans on psychiatric drugs since 2002, with over 77 million people currently taking them—that's one in four Americans.
A total of 8.2 million children under 18 are taking psychiatric drugs in the U.S.
There are over 40 million Americans taking antidepressants – a 15% increase since 2002. Of these, 2 million are children under 18.
Since 2002, the number of Americans on ADHD drugs has gone up by 94% with over 10 million currently taking them.
According to the CDC, 11 percent of school-age children have been diagnosed with ADHD and there are now 4.7 million children under 18 in the U.S. taking ADHD drugs, per IMS Health.
The total number of Americans on antipsychotics has increased by 40% since 2002.
All antidepressants carry the FDA's “Black Box” warning, alerting the public that antidepressants may increase the risk of suicidal thinking and behavior in children and young adults. A “Black Box” warning is the FDA's most serious prescription drug warning.
Finally, the US military has seen an increase in the number of suicides, with a record 349 in 2012, far exceeding the number of American combat deaths. According to the Military Times, at least one in six service members (17%) is on some form of psychiatric drug.
According to the Defense Logistics Agency, between 2001 and 2009, the overall use of psychiatric drugs increased by 76%. During the same time, antidepressant use increased 40%.
Of course, these data are just a small sample of the publicly available information that law enforcement, and lawmakers, could utilize in an effort to understand what may be causing the increased number of shootings.
But despite these overwhelming data, to date, there still has been no investigation by state or federal lawmakers, or law enforcement agencies, into the possibility that the increased use of mind-altering psychiatric drugs may be the common thread in the increased violent behavior.
Until this issue is addressed the mass shootings will continue to increase, the carnage will continue and the hypocritical and hollow words of sympathy and condolence will fall from the mouths of those who had the power to make a difference but not the courage to simply ask a question.
Kelly Patricia O'Meara is an award winning former investigative reporter for the Washington Times, Insight Magazine, penning dozens of articles exposing the fraud of psychiatric diagnosis and the dangers of the psychiatric drugs  They are also the author of the highly acclaimed book, Psyched Out: How Psychiatry Sells Mental Illness and Pushes Pills that Kill. Prior to working as an investigative journalist, O'Meara spent sixteen years on Capitol Hill as a congressional staffer to four Members of Congress.
American non-profit organization
The Mozilla Foundation (stylized as moz://a) is a not-for-profit organization that exists to support and collectively lead the open source Mozilla project. Founded in July 2003, the organization sets the policies that govern development, operates key infrastructure and controls Mozilla trademarks and copyrights. It owns a taxable subsidiary: the Mozilla Corporation, which employs many Mozilla developers and coordinates releases of the Mozilla Firefox web browser and Mozilla Thunderbird email client. The subsidiary is 100% owned by the parent, and therefore follows the same non-profit principles[citation needed]. The Mozilla Foundation was founded by the Netscape-affiliated Mozilla Organization. The organization is currently based in the Silicon Valley city of Mountain View, California, United States.
The Mozilla Foundation describes itself as "a non-profit organization that promotes openness, innovation and participation on the Internet."[3] The Mozilla Foundation is guided by the Mozilla Manifesto, which lists 10 principles which Mozilla believes "are critical for the Internet to continue to benefit the public good as well as commercial aspects of life."[4]
History [ edit ]
Entrance to the Mountain View office which is home to both the Mozilla Foundation and the Mozilla Corporation
Former office next to the Googleplex shared by both the Mozilla Foundation and the Mozilla Corporation until July 2009
On February 23, 1998, Netscape created the Mozilla Organization to co-ordinate the development of the Mozilla Application Suite.[5][6] When AOL (Netscape's parent) drastically scaled back its involvement with Mozilla Organization, the Mozilla Foundation was launched on July 15, 2003 to ensure Mozilla could survive without Netscape. AOL assisted in the initial creation of the Mozilla Foundation, transferring hardware and intellectual property to the organization, employed a three-person team for the first three months of its existence to help with the transition, and donated $2 million to the Foundation over two years.[7]
Initially, the remit of the Mozilla Foundation grew to become much wider than that of mozilla.org, with the organization taking on many tasks that were traditionally left to Netscape and other vendors of Mozilla technology. As part of a wider move to target end-users, the foundation made deals with commercial companies to sell CDs containing Mozilla software and provide telephone support. In both cases, the group chose the same suppliers as Netscape for these services. The Mozilla Foundation also became more assertive over its intellectual property, with policies put in place for the use of Mozilla trademarks and logos. New projects such as marketing were also started.
With the formation of the Mozilla Corporation, the Mozilla Foundation delegated all their development and business-related activities to the new subsidiary. The Mozilla Foundation now focuses on its Webmaker initiative (which aims to raise the level of users' Web Literacy) as well as on governance and policy issues. The Mozilla Foundation owns the Mozilla trademarks and other intellectual property, which it licenses to the Mozilla Corporation. It also controls the Mozilla source code repository and decides who is allowed to check code in.
Subsidiaries [ edit ]
Mozilla Corporation [ edit ]
On August 3, 2005, the Mozilla Foundation announced the creation of Mozilla Corporation, described as "a taxable subsidiary that serves the non-profit, public benefit goals of its parent, the Mozilla Foundation, and that will be responsible for product development, marketing and distribution of Mozilla products."[8] It also handles relationships with businesses, many of which generate income. Unlike the Mozilla Foundation, the Mozilla Corporation is a tax-paying entity, which gives it much greater freedom in the revenue and business activities it can pursue. From 2004 to 2014, the majority of revenue came from a deal with Google, which was the default search engine in the Firefox web browser. In November 2014, Mozilla signed a five-year partnership with Yahoo,[9] making Yahoo Search the default search engine for Firefox in the US. Yandex Search is the default for Firefox in Russia and Baidu continues its role as the default in China.
In November 2017, Mozilla terminated its agreement with Yahoo two years earlier than planned. While numerous factors were attributed to the decision to terminate the agreement, including some mention that Mozilla saw declining revenues related to the switch, likely the impetus was related to the recent acquisition of Yahoo by Verizon and Oath. Per Mozilla Chief Business and Legal Officer Denelle Dixon, “We exercised our contractual right to terminate our agreement with Yahoo! based on a number of factors including doing what's best for our brand, our effort to provide quality web search, and the broader content experience for our users. We believe there are opportunities to work with Oath and Verizon outside of search." [10] After the termination, Mozilla once again made Google the default search engine for Firefox in the US.
Mozilla China [ edit ]
Beijing Mozilla Online Ltd (Chinese: 北京谋智网络技术有限公司), a.k.a. Mozilla China, is a wholly owned subsidiary of the Mozilla Corporation[11] with its headquarters in Beijing.
Financing [ edit ]
The Mozilla Foundation is funded by donations and 2% of annual net revenues from the Mozilla Corporation, amounting to over US$8.3 million in 2016.[12]
Initial funding in 2003 came from AOL, which donated US$2 million, and from Mitch Kapor who donated US$300,000.[13] The group has tax-exempt status under section 501(c)(3) of the U.S. tax code, though the Mozilla Corporation subsidiary is taxable.
In 2006, the Mozilla Foundation received US$66.8 million in revenues, of which US$61.5 million is attributed to "search royalties" from Google.[14]
From 2004 to 2014, the foundation had a deal with Google to make Google Search the default in the Firefox browser search bar and hence send it search referrals; a Firefox themed Google search site was also made the default home page of Firefox. The original contract expired in November 2006. However, Google renewed the contract until November 2008 and again through 2011.[15] On December 20, 2011, Mozilla announced that the contract was once again renewed for at least three years to November 2014, at three times the amount previously paid, or nearly US$300 million annually.[16][17] Approximately 90% of Mozilla's royalties revenue for 2014 was derived from this contract.[18]
In November 2014, Mozilla signed a five-year partnership (effective December 2014) with Yahoo!, making Yahoo! Search the default search engine for Firefox in North America. The default search engine in Russia will be Yandex, and in China, Baidu.[9] Due to Mozilla's financial release timetables, the results of the Yahoo! contract will not be public until November 2016.[needs update]
In November 2017, however, Mozilla announced[19] that it was switching back to Google as the default search engine. This represented an early termination of its Yahoo partnership.[20]
People [ edit ]
The Mozilla Foundation Board of Directors has eight members:[21]
Originally, Christopher Blizzard had a seat on the board, but they moved to the Mozilla Corporation Board of Directors when it was established; Joichi Ito joined the Mozilla Foundation board at that time. They left the board in 2016. Bob Lisbonne and Carl Malamud were elected to the board in October 2006.
Mark Surman is the foundation's executive director.
The Mozilla Corporation also has a number of employees, many of whom worked for the foundation before the establishment of the corporation.
The Mozilla project has traditionally been overseen by a committee known as mozilla.org staff; some individuals on that committee later became Foundation or Corporation board members or employees.
Donations [ edit ]
In 2006, after a request from Theo de Raadt of OpenBSD for funding from corporate entities which make a profit through the use of OpenSSH in their packaged distributions, the Mozilla Foundation donated US$10,000 to de Raadt and OpenBSD for OpenSSH development. The funds donated came from money earned through the income provided by Google. While the target of this request were corporations such as Cisco, IBM, HP, and Red Hat (which all sell operating systems containing OpenSSH but had not donated to its continued development before), the Mozilla Foundation found that without OpenSSH, much of the work done by developers would be through insecure and unsafe methods and thus gave the funds as a thank you.[24]
At the end of 2010, the Mozilla Foundation partnered with Knoxville Zoo in an effort to raise awareness about endangered red pandas. Two red panda (a.k.a. Firefox) cubs born at the Knoxville Zoo have officially become a part of the Mozilla community. The cubs are named Spark and Ember by online voters and Mozilla broadcast a 24-hour live video stream of the cubs for several months.[25][26][28]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Coordinates:
Posted by coltsindianapolis on November 18, 2014 – 2:46 pm
The Indianapolis Colts today signed free agent return specialist Josh Cribbs and free agent tight end Weslye Saunders to the active roster. The team placed running back Ahmad Bradshaw on Injured Reserve and waived outside linebacker Victor Butler.
The Colts also signed running back Michael Hill to the practice squad and released wide receiver Eric Thomas from the practice squad.
Cribbs, 6-1, 192 pounds, is a three-time Pro Bowl selection (2007, 2009, 2012), two-time NFL All-Pro selection (2007, 2009) and a member of the NFL All-Decade Team (2000s). They lead all active players in career kickoff returns and yards and ranks fifth in NFL history in combined kickoff/punt return touchdowns with 11. Cribbs ranks third all-time in kickoff return yards (10,505), tied for fifth in kickoff returns (407) and fifth (12,755) in combined kick/punt return yards. They share an NFL record with nine other players for kickoff return touchdowns in a game, with two in a 2009 win at Kansas City. They also own two of the top four days ever recorded by an NFL returner: 306 combined kickoff/punt return yards in a 2007 contest against Baltimore and 305 in a 2009 trip to Kansas City.
Now in their 10th NFL season (2005-2014), Cribbs has returned 407 kickoffs for 10,505 yards and eight touchdowns to go along with 203 punt returns for 2,250 yards and three touchdowns. Offensively, they have started 31-of-130 career games played and has totaled 109 receptions for 1,167 yards and seven touchdowns, while rushing 141 times for 808 yards and two touchdowns.
Saunders, 6-5, 261 pounds, re-joins the Colts after being waived on August 30, 2014. They were originally signed by the Colts as a free agent on October 16, 2012. While with the team from 2012-13, they totaled six receptions for 61 yards in 17 games played (five starts). For their career, they have caught 10 passes for 90 yards and a touchdown in 33 games (11 starts). Saunders entered the league as an undrafted free agent with the Pittsburgh Steelers in 2011.
Bradshaw played in 10 games (one start) this season and recorded 90 rushing attempts for 425 yards and two touchdowns, to go along with 38 receptions for 300 yards and a career-high six receiving touchdowns. Their receiving touchdown total led all running backs in 2014 and tied for the fifth-highest single-season total by a running back in franchise history. For their career, Bradshaw has tallied 1,052 rushes for 4,843 yards and 36 touchdowns and 177 receptions for 1,429 yards and nine touchdowns in 97 games played (36 starts).
Butler was signed by the Colts as a free agent on October 6, 2014 and recorded three special teams tackles in two games this season. For their career, they have totaled 65 tackles (48 solo), 11.0 sacks, five passes defensed, three forced fumbles, two fumble recoveries and 46 special teams stops in 65 games played (two starts). Butler was originally selected by the Dallas Cowboys in the fourth round (110th overall) of the 2009 NFL Draft.
Hill, 5-10, 210 pounds, was originally signed by the San Diego Chargers as an undrafted free agent on April 27, 2013 and also spent time with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers and most recently the Green Bay Packers before being released from the Packers practice squad on November 5, 2014. As a rookie in 2013, they played in eight games and rushed for 23 yards on nine carries and caught two passes for 23 yards. They also returned one kickoff for 19 yards. Hill finished their career at Missouri Western State as the school's all-time leader in rushing yards (4,969), all-purpose yards (5,851), rushing attempts (928) and 100-yard rushing games (20). As a senior in 2012, they led the nation (Division II) with a school-record 2,168 yards on 311 carries (7.0 avg.). Hill finished as the runner-up for the Harlon Hill Award, given to the nation's top player in Division II.
Thomas was originally signed by the Colts as an undrafted free agent out of Troy University on May 12, 2014, was waived on August 25 and was signed to the practice squad on November 5. They played for the Omaha Mammoths of the FXFL after they were waived by the Colts and caught four passes for 101 yards and a touchdown in two games played. Thomas finished their Troy career ranked third all-time in school history with 197 receptions, third with 2,655 career receiving yards and second with 29 touchdown receptions
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
Posted in Colts Blog
Today's Australians are, by far, the best educated cohort in our history –- on paper, anyway -– but this is not reflected in the quality of our political discourse. We appear to be lacking in courage, judgement, capacity to analyse and even simple curiosity, except about immediate personal needs.
There are more than 1.1 million university students, both undergraduate and postgraduate (about 900,000 of them locals), currently at Australian universities.
Australia also has about 4.5 million graduates (nearly 20% of the population), far more than the total numbers of traditional blue collar workers. Members of trade unions amount to about one million people: 18% of the total work force and about 12% of the private sector.
Inevitably, these numbers will shift our political culture, but the process is occurring slowly.
Australia, like the US, UK, Canada and much of Europe, has undergone a serious decline in the quality of debate on public policy. The British journalist Robert Fisk has called this “the infantilisation of debate”.
In the era of “spin”, when a complex issue is involved, leaders do not explain. They find a mantra (“stop the boats!”) and repeat it endlessly, “staying on message”, without explanation or qualification. The word “because” seems to have fallen out of the political lexicon.
Evidence-based policies and actions should be a central principle in the working of our system and reliance on populism and sloganeering should be rejected, but in reality they are not.
Selling out science
Complex problems demand complex solutions. Examples of such problems are refugees and climate change, which cannot be reduced to parroting a few simple slogans (“turn back the boats”, “stop this toxic tax”).
“Retail politics” – sometimes called “transactional politics” – where policies are adopted not because they are right but because they can be sold, is a dangerous development and should be rejected. We must maintain confidence that major problems can be addressed –- and act accordingly.
A voracious media looks for diversity and emotional engagement, weakening capacity for reflection and serious analysis, compounded by the rise of social media where users, typically, seek reinforcement of their views rather than being challenged by diversity.
Science and research generally are given disturbingly low priority in contemporary public life in Australia. Scientists, especially those involved with climate change or the environment, have come under unprecedented attack, especially in the media.
And the whole concept of the scientific method is discounted, even ridiculed. Gus Nossal sometimes quotes me as saying that Australia must be the only country in the world where the word “academic” is treated as pejorative.
The role of science in policy development is a sensitive issue. I spent years – decades really – bashing my head against a brick wall trying to persuade colleagues to recognise the importance, even centrality, of science policy.
Many, probably most, of my political colleagues had no interest in science as an intellectual discipline, although they depended on science for their health, nutrition, transport, entertainment and communication.
We need to revive the process of dialogue: explain, explain, explain, rejecting mere sloganeering and populism. We need evidence-based policies, but often evidence lacks the psychological carrying power generated by appeals to prejudice or fear of disadvantage (“they are robbing you…”).
Evidence vs. opinion
There is a disturbing conflict between evidence and opinion (“you have evidence, but I have strong opinions”), and political processes are more likely to be driven by opinion rather than evidence in a short political cycle.
Brian Schmidt, our Nobel Laureate in astrophysics, wrote of their experience in this regard in The Age on February 16:
As a Nobel Prize winner, I travel the world meeting all kinds of people. Most of the policy, business and political leaders I meet immediately apologise for their lack of knowledge of science. Except when it comes to climate science. Whenever this subject comes up, it never ceases to amaze me how each person I meet suddenly becomes an expert. Facts are then bandied to fit an argument for or against climate change, and on all sides, misconceptions abound. The confusion is not surprising – climate science is a very broad and complicated subject with experts working on different aspects of it worldwide. No single person knows everything about climate change. And for the average punter, it's hard to keep up with all the latest research and what it means. More surprising is the supreme confidence that non-experts (scientists and non-scientists alike) have in their own understanding of the subject.
I encourage you to read Thinking, Fast and Slow, a 2011 best seller by the psychologist Daniel Kahneman who, although not an economist, won the Nobel Prize for Economic Science in 2002 for their development of “prospect theory”.
Prospect theory analyses rational and irrational factors in decision making. They demonstrate, regrettably, the extent to which people like you and me use familiar short cuts – “heuristics” – to make intuitive judgements, and discount evidence or rationality in making decisions.
This can apply whether purchasing something, deciding where and how to like something, or taking a political stance on issues. Kahneman became the outstanding authority on behavioural economics and social psychology.
Jonathan Haidt's The Righteous Mind: Why Good People are Divided by Politics and Religion, from 2012, is also an important book. I think Haidt could go much further with their thesis, which states that politics and religion tend to be centred on “values”, so people can pick and choose, and can sometimes be blinded to the facts because of their moral worldview. It is clear that many people say: “I reject these particular facts because I don't trust where they come from.”
Heuristics and confusion
Psychologists confirm that we habitually engage in the cherry-picking of evidence -– we choose the bits that we are emotionally, intuitively, attracted to and comfortable with.
The Cambridge political scientist, David Runciman, argues that “opinion, interest and knowledge are too divided, and no event, whether an election […] or a crisis is clear enough in its meaning to bring closure”.
For example, there is fierce opposition in some quarters to the vaccination of children and the fluoridation of water supplies to prevent dental caries, even though the empirical evidence in support of both is overwhelming. But appeals to fear can be far more powerful than arguing on the basis of hard evidence.
There has been a sustained attack from some quarters – the News Corporation papers, the Institute of Public Affairs (IPA) and the Centre for Independent Studies (CIS) to name only three – on scientific research and scientific method, even on rationality and the Enlightenment tradition.
The illusion was created that scientists are corrupt, while lobbyists are pure. One of the false assertions is that scientists who take the mainstream position are rewarded, while dissenters are punished (similar to Galileo and the Inquisition).
In Australia now, and the US until recently, the contrary could be argued. Galileo's work was based on observation of data -– their opponents were operating from doctrine.
Scientists arguing for the mainstream view have been subject to strong attack by denialists who assert that they are quasi-religious zealots who are missionaries for a green religion.
In reality, it was the denialist/confusionist position to rely on faith, the conviction that there were a diversity of complex reasons for climate change but only one could be confidently rejected: the role of human activity.
Three fronts
There are three areas of attack against expertise and taking a long term, analytical view of the world: from the Right, the Left and the anxious Centre.
From the Right there have been systematic and well-financed attacks by lobbyists from the fossil fuels industry and electricity generators. This has been highly personal, often abusive, sometimes threatening.
The anxious Centre includes people working in particular industries and regions (such as Hunter Valley, La Trobe Valley, Tasmanian forests), understandably fearful of potential job losses, without much prospect of creating new jobs. The trade union movement is deeply divided on this –- as is the business community.
But from the Left, or some segments of the intellectual Left, a deconstructionist mind-set has partly undermined an evidence-based approach to policy making or problem-solving.
The pluralist or deconstructionist or post-modern theory of knowledge is contemptuous of expertise, rejects the idea of hierarchies of knowledge and asserts the democratic mantra that –- as with votes in elections –- every opinion is of equal value, so that if you insist that the earth is flat, refuse vaccination for children or deny that HIV-AIDS is transmitted by virus, your view should be treated with respect.
Similarly, there has been a repudiation of expertise and or taste -– dismissing the idea of people like Harold Bloom, or myself, that there is a “Western canon” which sets benchmarks. “No,” say the deconstructionists, “the paintings of Banksy, the mysterious British graffiti artist, are just as good as Raphael, and hip-hop performances are just as valid as Beethoven's Opus 131.”
The Welsh geneticist Steve Jones asks an important question: if there is a division of scientific opinion, with 999 on one side, and one on the other, how should the debate be handled? Should the one dissenter be given 500 opportunities to speak?
Yet Graham Lloyd, The Australian's environment editor – perhaps more accurately described as the anti-environment editor – trawls the web, finds obscure and unsubstantiated critiques of mainstream science, then publishes them as front page attacks on professional integrity.
Science and common-sense
There are major problems when it comes to explaining some of the issues in science, and there have been ever since science began. Some fundamental scientific discoveries seem to be counter-intuitive, challenging direct observation or our common-sense view of the world.
Common sense, and direct observation, tells us that the Earth is flat, that the sun (like the moon) rotates around the Earth and that forces don't operate at a distance.
Aristotle with their encyclopedic –- but often erroneous –- grasp of natural phenomena, was a compelling authority in support of a geocentric universe, and that the seat of reason was in the heart, not the brain, and that females were deformed males. Their views were dominant for 1,500 years.
The Greek astronomer Ptolemy, following Aristotle, provided ingenious proofs in support of geocentrism. Then along came Copernicus, Galileo and Kepler who said: “Your common sense observation is wrong. The orbits of sun and moon are completely different, although they appear to be similar.” (Our use of the terms “sunrise” and “sunset” preserves the Ptolemaic paradigm.)
By the 20th Century, electronics enabled us to apply force from a distance, to do thousands of things remotely, manipulating spacecraft and satellites, or receiving signals (radio, telephony, television), setting alarms, opening garage doors and, one of the great labour saving devices, the remote switch for television.
The most obvious disjunction between science and common sense is the question: “right now, are we at rest or in motion?”
Common sense and direct observation suggests that we are at rest. But science says, “wrong again”. We are moving very rapidly. The earth is spinning on its axis at a rate of 1,669 kmh at the equator, and in Melbourne (37.8°S) at 1,317 kmh. We are also orbiting round the sun even faster, at nearly 30 kms, or 107,200 kmh. There is a third motion, harder to measure, as the galaxy expands -– and it's speeding up, as Brian Schmidt postulates.
But, sitting here in Footscray, it is hard to grasp that we are in motion, kept in place by gravity. Psychology resists it. Essentially we have to accept the repudiation of common sense on trust, because somebody in a white coat says, “trust me, I'm a scientist”. I would challenge anyone to reconcile common sense and quantum theory or to satisfactorily explain the Higgs boson or -– hardest of all -– to define gravity.
The factors that limit the psychological carrying power of much science –- not all -– include these:
its complexity, often requiring use of a language known only to initiates
outcomes are seen as too expensive
outcomes are seen as too slow
the history of science has been badly taught, often portrayed as an effortless success story, proceeding from triumph to triumph, instead of the passionate and dramatic reality.
Science at the core
Scientists and learned societies have been punching below their weight in matters of public policy, and they are careful to avoid being involved in controversies outside their disciplines, possible threats to grants being among them.
Some distinguished scientists are outstanding advocates, including Gus Nossal, Peter Doherty, Ian Chubb, Fiona Stanley, Robert May, Brian Schmidt, Ian Frazer, Mike Archer, Tim Flannery and Dick Denton.
Science must be at the core of our national endeavour and you are well placed to examine the evidence, evaluate it, then advocate and persuade. Our nation's future depends on the quality of its thinking, and its leaders.
There is a wide-spread assumption by industry and government that Australia's economic, social and technological future will be a mirror image of the past. We can be confident that this just won't happen. We have not even begun to talk seriously about the threats and opportunities of a post-carbon economy.
I encourage you, whatever your political persuasion, or lack of it, to argue for higher recognition of the role that science must play in our future, and drive your MP mad unless or until he/ they do something about it.
Remember Archimedes and their lever. But first you have to find a fulcrum, then you push the lever.
Victoria continues to be severely short-changed on infrastructure, with the Turnbull government pinning its Victorian electoral hopes on an Abbott-era promise to hand over $3 billion to the first government prepared to build the East West Link.
Despite a state Labor pledge to "go it alone" and fully fund the Melbourne Metro Rail project, Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull has attempted to nuzzle their way in, demanding that $857 million previously promised from the Commonwealth's Asset Recycling Initiative for unspecified state projects be spent on the $10.9 billion cross-city rail tunnel.
The budget includes $26.9 billion for national infrastructure projects over the next four years. But much of the largesse is once again being flung at the key battle grounds of Queensland and Western Sydney, with Victoria set to claim a relatively meagre 9.7 per cent, compared to NSW's 31 per cent and Queensland's 28 per cent share.
HBO is working on a new television series with The Girl With the Dragon Tattoo and Gone Girl director David Fincher that will greatly appeal to our readers.
Utopia, a remake of the BBC series of the same name, follows a girl named Jessica Hyde who learns there's a secret sequel to a graphic novel they love and seeks to find it with a group of fellow superfans. “Those who seek it out are thrust into a twisted game in which nothing is as it seems, including the true meaning of the book,” says The Wrap.
Rooney Mara is currently in talks to star in Utopia as Jessica after a successful collaboration with Fincher on Girl with the Dragon Tattoo. Notably, Fincher will be directing all episodes of season 1 (HBO has already given it a straight-to-series order) with the entire show penned by Gone Girl author Gillian Flynn.
The premise reminds us a bit of the hit science fiction novel Ready Player One in which contestants go on a quest to receive a gigantic prize from a world-renowned video game creator.
Having Flynn and Fincher respectively write and direct the entire series will give the show a feel of consistency across the entire season.
We think this show will connect with our readers because it follows a set of super fans who are desperate to read more about a world created by their favorite author. It'd be like if J.K. Rowling announced they hid a copy of Harry Potter 8 in a secret location somewhere in the world and gave all of their fans a couple of difficult clues to help hone in on its whereabouts.
Article Continues Below
Will you check out ‘Utopia' when it premieres on HBO?
Chicago Bears running back Matt Forte said Monday that he's "95 percent" recovered from their knee injury and they should be ready for their first Pro Bowl on Jan. 29.
"I actually just got done running, so I'm doing pretty well right now," Forte said on "The Scott Van Pelt Show" on ESPN Radio. "I would say I'm about 95 percent.
"I'll probably have a physical next week heading into the Pro Bowl, so I'll be out there and I should be good to go."
At least one teammate said that while they understand why Forte wants to play in their first Pro Bowl, they also are worried about their health as they negotiate a new contract.
"It's their first one," Urlacher said recently on "The Waddle & Silvy Show" on ESPN 1000. "You want to play. It's a big deal, you get voted in.
"I'd like to see them not play, because I care about their career as a teammate, but at the same time, I see where he's coming from."
Forte, who missed the last four games with the knee injury, is optimistic a new deal will get done when the Bears hire a general manager to replace Jerry Angelo.
More information is required to use this page NWS Weather Forecast Offices (Baltimore/Washington) Sterling, VA (LWX) Aberdeen, SD (ABR) Albany, NY (ALY) Albuquerque, NM (ABQ) Amarillo, TX (AMA) Anchorage, AK (PAFC) Anchorage, AK (PAFC3) Anchorage, AK (PAFC2) Austin/San Antonio, TX (EWX) Billings, MT (BYZ) Binghamton, NY (BGM) Birmingham, AL (BMX) Bismarck, ND (BIS) Blacksburg, VA (RNK) Boise, ID (BOI) Boston, MA (BOX) Brownsville, TX (BRO) Buffalo, NY (BUF) Burlington, VT (BTV) Caribou, ME (CAR) Charleston, SC (CHS) Charleston, WV (RLX) Cheyenne, WY (CYS) Chicago, IL (LOT) Cleveland, OH (CLE) Columbia, SC (CAE) Corpus Christi, TX (CRP) Denver/Boulder, CO (BOU) Des Moines, IA (DMX) Detroit/Pontiac, MI (DTX) Dodge City, KS (DDC) Duluth, MN (DLH) Eastern North Dakota/Grand Forks, ND (FGF) El Paso, TX (EPZ) Elko, NV (LKN) Eureka, CA (EKA) Fairbanks, AK (PAFG4) Fairbanks, AK (PAFG2) Fairbanks, AK (PAFG3) Fairbanks, AK (PAFG) Flagstaff, AZ (FGZ) Fort Worth, TX (FWD) Gaylord, MI (APX) Glasgow, MT (GGW) Goodland, KS (GLD) Grand Junction, CO (GJT) Grand Rapids, MI (GRR) Gray, ME (GYX) Great Falls, MT (TFX) Green Bay, WI (GRB) Greenville-Spartanburg, SC (GSP) Hastings, NE (GID) Honolulu, HI (HNL) Houston/Galveston, TX (HGX) Huntsville, AL (HUN) Indianapolis, IN (IND) Jackson, KY (JKL) Jackson, MS (JAN) Jacksonville, FL (JAX) Juneau, AK (PAJK) Key West, FL (KEY) La Crosse, WI (ARX) Lake Charles, LA (LCH) Las Vegas, NV (VEF) Lincoln, IL (ILX) Little Rock, AR (LZK) Los Angeles/Oxnard, CA (LOX) Louisville, KY (LMK) Lubbock, TX (LUB) Marquette, MI (MQT) Medford, OR (MFR) Melbourne, FL (MLB) Memphis, TN (MEG) Miami, FL (MFL) Midland/Odessa, TX (MAF) Milwaukee/Sullivan, WI (MKX) Missoula, MT (MSO) Mobile, AL (MOB) Morristown, TN (MRX) Nashville, TN (OHX) New Orleans/Baton Rouge, LA (LIX) Newport/Morehead City, NC (MHX) Norman, OK (OUN) North Platte, NE (LBF) Northern Indiana, IN (IWX) Omaha/Valley, NE (OAX) Paducah, KY (PAH) Peachtree City/Atlanta, GA (FFC) Pendleton, OR (PDT) Philadelphia/Mount Holly, NJ (PHI) Phoenix, AZ (PSR) Pittsburgh, PA (PBZ) Pleasant Hill/Kansas City, MO (EAX) Pocatello, ID (PIH) Portland, OR (PQR) Pueblo, CO (PUB) Quad Cities, IA (DVN) Raleigh, NC (RAH) Rapid City, SD (UNR) Reno, NV (REV) Riverton, WY (RIW) Sacramento, CA (STO) Salt Lake City, UT (SLC) San Angelo, TX (SJT) San Diego, CA (SGX) San Francisco Bay Area, CA (MTR) San Joaquin Valley, CA (HNX) San Juan, PR (SJU) Seattle, WA (SEW) Shreveport, LA (SHV) Sioux Falls, SD (FSD) Spokane, WA (OTX) Springfield, MO (SGF) St. Louis, MO (LSX) State College, PA (CTP) Tallahassee, FL (TAE) Tampa Bay Area, FL (TBW) Topeka, KS (TOP) Tucson, AZ (TWC) Tulsa, OK (TSA) Twin Cities/Chanhassen, MN (MPX) Upton, NY (OKX) Wakefield, VA (AKQ) Wichita, KS (ICT) Wilmington, NC (ILM) Wilmington, OH (ILN)
The GOP establishment is wasting no time declaring war on Rand Paul's presidential ambitions as the Kentucky senator drops a trail of clues that he's eying a 2016 run for the White House.
The base's attraction to the son of libertarian iconoclast Ron Paul came into focus last month after the younger Paul won the CPAC straw poll — an imperfect but notable test for president candidates — by a commanding margin. Last weekend, Paul spoke to conservative activists at the Freedom Summit in the key state of New Hampshire about the future of the GOP, telling them the party must win over blacks and Hispanics. Their overtures have irked establishment figures, many of whom want to keep Paul as far away from the nomination as possible.
Their beef has a policy flavor and a “winnability” flavor.
Military hawks in the Republican tent resent Paul's anti-war, anti-intervention, anti-surveillance views. In recent days, they've attacked Paul for recently unearthed comments they made in 2009 suggesting former Vice President Dick Cheney used the 9/11 attacks as an excuse to invade Iraq and potentially enrich their former company, the defense contractor Halliburton.
National Review editor Rich Lowry equated Paul's remarks with the “anti-Bush Left,” arguing in a Tuesday piece that the senator's “instincts sometimes seem more appropriate to a dorm-room bull session than the Situation Room.” Lowry wrote that Paul's foreign policy views reflected “dewy-eyed foolishness” and were out of step with the party's mainstream.
A pair of posts at the neo-conservative FreeBeacon.com accused Paul of “courting the truther vote,” referring to conspiracy theorists who believe the Bush administration had prior knowledge of the 9/11 attacks. The website made clear it wasn't accusing Paul of being a truther, but argued they were playing to the “far left.”
Policy aside, Republican strategists worry that Paul's history of shady associations and off-color comments make them unelectable.
“He has significant liabilities,” said John Feehery, a Republican operative turned lobbyist. “His father casts a big shadow over their future ambitions. Their wholesale attack on the NSA is irresponsible and counter-productive. The pro-Israel wing of the party fundamentally distrusts him.” Feehery allowed that Paul has “shaken up the establishment” on matters like drug laws and has been a “good team player,” making them a “potential leader of the party in the future.”
Bret Stephens of the Wall Street Journal wrote a satirical column on Monday saying Republicans should nominate Paul for president, “Because maybe what the GOP needs is another humbling landslide defeat. When moderation on a subject like immigration is ideologically disqualifying, but bark-at-the-moon lunacy about Halliburton is not, then the party has worse problems than merely its choice of nominee.”
Keep in mind, this is just the beginning. The GOP establishment war on Paul's ambitions is likely to intensify as the presidential primaries near. As Slate's Dave Weigel reports, Paul's problems extend beyond their problematic comments in the past — calling into question the validity of the Civil Rights Act, for instance. Their family has a history of dark associations involving racist newsletters and donations from white supremacists, all of which can be deeply damaging to the junior senator on the presidential stage.
“The jackals run loose, and they know where to hunt,” wrote Weigel. “Years of experience and evidence tell us that Paul can be rattled by that.”
First Daughter Ivanka Trump marked Equal Pay Day on Tuesday with a tweet urging Americans to work together to “close the gender pay gap.”
It was not lost on critics, however, that Ivanka's father, President Donald Trump, just last week rolled back Obama-era protections for women in the workplace.
Get push notifications with news, features and more.
In light of that, many took to Twitter to slam Ivanka's tweet as “hollow” and “hypocritical.”
Charged one Twitter user: “Tell that to your father. They don't believe in raising the minimum wage, is anti-union, & we all know how they feel about women's bodies.”
Here are some of the other reactions.
#EqualPayDay is a reminder that women deserve equal pay for equal work. We must work to close the gender pay gap! https://t.co/CcwsoBXWdF — Ivanka Trump (@IvankaTrump) April 4, 2017
Tell that to your father. They don't believe in raising the minimum wage, is anti-union, & we all know how they feel about women's bodies — (((B.L. Ochman))) (@whatsnext) April 4, 2017
You may need to share with your dad how you feel, they quite obviously doesn't support #EqualPayDay #EqualPayhttps://t.co/UixxN2JDts — ACTIndivisible (@ACTIndivisible) April 4, 2017
.@IvankaTrump you can start by talking to your daddy-boyfriend pic.twitter.com/jPyz4BKiOk — Jess Dweck (@TheDweck) April 4, 2017
FROM COINAGE: This Is How Much It Would Cost to Paint the White House (And More Crazy Facts)
.@IvankaTrump If only you could literally just walk down the hall and do something about it pic.twitter.com/pFjI0zGSpl — Jess Dweck (@TheDweck) April 4, 2017
Except that your father just cut the Fair Pay and Safe Workplaces order. Since we're no longer protected, how DO you plan to close that gap? — Bri Seeley (@BriSeeley) April 4, 2017
COMPLICIT. — ella dawson (@brosandprose) April 4, 2017
For God's sake, Ivanka. How can you say this and also support your father while he's rolling back protections for women on this very issue? — AbbyRoo26 (@p8d) April 4, 2017
Ivanka Trump's Equal Pay Day Tweet as Hypocritical as they come https://t.co/HMBxpdzuKK — USNCPO #Resistance (@CraigCo62) April 4, 2017
Trump order undoes workplace protections for women — as Ivanka celebrates ‘Equal Pay Day'
Ivanka's words are hollowhttps://t.co/Slr7BcQA3V — Diane Green (@Diane50Green) April 4, 2017
RELATED VIDEO: Watch: Natasha Stoynoff Breaks Silence, Accuses Donald Trump of Sexual Attack
Many reminded Ivanka, now officially an adviser to the president, that they do have the power to make a difference for women's rights.
“If only you could literally just walk down the hall and do something about it,” one Twitter user captioned a screen shot of a recent The Washington Post headline: “First daughter Ivanka Trump gets West Wing Office.”
Above is the actual Hamilton watch prop used in Interstellar by the character Murph (Murphy) Cooper. Like many people around the world, I was highly entertained by Christopher Nolan's newest (at the time of writing) movie Interstellar, starring the talented Matthew McConaughey, among other A-list actors. The science fiction epic is very much inline with Nolan's style, which marries complex science-based plot devices with a little bit of reality suspension, so that at the end of the movie, the viewer is forced to contemplate what they just saw and perhaps watch the movie again. Nolan is also skilled at creating powerfully moving scenes that marry emotions with character development in a way few other blockbuster directors are able to achieve. One of the most important characters in the movie was not a person but a watch.
People who see Interstellar might not believe that Hamilton had no hand in crafting the incredible screen time that the watches enjoyed in the movie. In addition to a Hamilton watch worn by McConaughey's character “Cooper,” another Hamilton watch was used as a key plot device by their daughter in the movie Murph Cooper played mostly by young Mackenzie Foy and later by Jessica Chastain. This latter watch is very much the more important piece when it comes to the movie's story, and takes on the incredible role of being used to communicate Morse code through time and space. It really shows the symbolic power of a watch, and its placement in the story is very interesting (and very Nolan-esque). It is also a wet dream for watch companies given how it is able to make traditional timepieces very relevant for modern viewers.
What people interested in the Hamilton Khaki Interstellar watches need to know is that the producers of Interstellar specifically asked Hamilton to work with them on the project and to supply two watches. First was a pilot-style watch from their standard collection to be worn on the wrist of Cooper, and another watch that was to be custom-made based on very specific requirements. This latter timepiece has been nicknamed the “Murph Watch” by Hamilton, and sort of mixes and matches some Khaki model elements in a new way that is particularly attractive.
Hamilton produced about 10 pieces for the production, which actually were all returned to Hamilton after filming was over. Hamilton did a giveaway a few months ago for a lucky winner to actually receive one of those Hamilton Khaki Interstellar watches. Otherwise, the “Murph Watch” will not be available for any type of commercial purchase – even though I think it would do well.
Interstellar wanted to feature a very traditionally “tool style” timepieces with an American character. At 42mm wide, the steel case of the Murph watch has been totally brushed with a look that Hamilton refers to as “rough.” There is a simple stepped bezel and a large crown that is reminiscent of more classic timepieces. The Khaki-collection style dial is black with an aged type of lume and is beautifully symmetrical, as it does not have a date window. Currently, Hamilton does not offer any Khaki watches without a date window on the dial, and I have strongly advised them that producing one (even as a test) would more than likely result in very good sales, given how beautiful and legible the dials are. Inside the watches are Swiss ETA 2824-2 automatic movements.
Fans of the movie will be curious to know how Interstellar achieved the “Morse code” complication via the seconds hand. Hamilton informed me that the prop master was actually able to partially deconstruct the movement and insert a small servo motor to move the seconds hand as it did in the movie. There were no computer graphics involved in that. They were then able to put the movement back together again. The watch seen here is one of those watches, and it has some gel in the movement to block it from operating on purpose. You can also see the watch returned to Hamilton that was fitted with the servo motor – operated by hand to create the “Morse code” scene in the movie.
It is also interesting to note that Hamilton had just a few weeks to produce the Murph Watch from concept to production and approval by the Interstellar producers. Hamilton is no novice to the demanding schedules of movie production and is known in Hollywood as a go-to brand when it comes to offering both unique and standard timepiece models for characters to wear. According to Hamilton, as of 2014, they have over 400 movie placement credits. Hamilton CEO Mr. Sylvain Dolla is really proud of this fact, and we've enjoyed a lot conversations together talking about working with various production teams. They make it clear just how impressed they are at how many knowledgeable watch lovers there are in Hollywood. According to him, many times when Hamilton is approached, the producers and prop masters know exactly what they are looking for – and they are honored that Hamilton is called upon time and time again to participate in a range of movies and television shows.
While the Hamilton Murph watch will never be produced commercially (though I would not rule out that a watch similar to it will be), the Hamilton watch worn by Murph's father Cooper is a standard model which is available as part of Hamilton's current collection. That watch is known as the Hamilton Khaki Pilot Day Date. We actually did an aBlogtoWatch giveaway for that precise watch in September here. I am sure the winner was really pleased to see their watch model being worn on the wrist of Matthew McConaughey throughout the movie and in space.
The Hamilton Khaki Pilot Day Date also has a 42mm wide steel case, and in this case, contains a Swiss ETA 2834-2 automatic movement that offers the time with a day and date complication. The watch retails for a reasonable $945 on the steel bracelet as it was worn in the movie. Keep an eye out for more Hamilton watches in movies, and if you haven't yet seen Interstellar, I highly recommend it. Just don't expect to understand everything that is going on in full, and if you are a physicist prepare to relax your logic and education just a bit. hamiltonwatch.com
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid Harry Mason ReidBottom Line Brennan fires back at 'selfish' Trump over Harry Reid criticism Trump rips Harry Reid for 'failed career' after ex-Dem leader slams them in interview MORE (D-Nev.) said Wednesday that they would bring gun legislation to the Senate floor.
“I am committed to ensuring that the Senate will consider legislation that addresses gun violence and other aspects of violence in our society early this year,” Reid said in a statement.
ADVERTISEMENT
But Reid, who has opposed a ban on assault weapons in the past, offered no details on what kind of legislation they would be willing to bring to the floor.
President Obama's gun proposals on Wednesday including a ban on "military-style assault weapons" and a limit on ammunition magazines to 10 rounds.
Reid over the weekend suggested the assault weapons ban, at least, stood little chance of becoming law because of opposition in the House. As a result, they suggested the Senate might not take it up.
“In the Senate, we're going to do what we think can get through the House,” they said in a public television interview in Nevada. “And I'm not going to be going through a bunch of these gyrations just to say we've done something because if we're really legislators, the purpose of it is to pass legislation.”
In their statement on Wednesday, however, Reid said "all options should be on the table moving forward" to protect people from gun violence.
“I thank the President's task force for its thoughtful recommendations,” Reid said.
***Update 3***: American Atheists' President Dave Silverman issued this statement to me:
AA will not take part in Bible or Koran desecration, although we wish to stress that we have NO respect for so-called ‘holy books'. If Ernest does it, it's not with our support or under our name.
…
Well, shit.
You all know how the Pennsylvania House of Representatives declared 2012 to be the “Year of the Bible” (as opposed to all the other years…?)
That was later followed up by the House declaring 2012 the “Year of Religious Diversity.” It was Resolution No. 771 (PDF). Among other things, it says “… these revered books impart great wisdom and beauty to believers and are appreciated and respected by nonbelievers as well.”
Ernest Perce V, the American Atheists Pennsylvania State Director, doesn't respect those books and they say that if the House doesn't vote against that latter resolution when it goes back in session in September, he'll retaliate by… picking on the Islamic holy book:
… they plan to whip, or flog, the Koran in the [Capitol] rotunda at noon on Sept. 24 should the House not agree to nullify the resolution before it reconvenes from summer recess that day.
Jesus H. Christ. How is that a productive way to handle the situation?
Vowing to vote out all the House memberswho supported the resolution? Productive.
Making it known that holy books say a lot of awful things? Possibly productive, though that could backfire.
Desecrating one particular religion's sacred text? Unproductive… with the added bonus of pissing everybody off.
(For what it's worth, whipping the Bible wouldn't be productive, either.)
Perce said they plan to thrash the Koran witha nine-tail whip 85 times and a single whip six times to protest the resolution's number. “I am a nonbeliever and for (the House) to assume we respect these books is [asinine],” Perce, a Harrisburg resident, said. “I will let other atheists come with me (to protest). I want Christians to lash the Koran, too.”
If any of you attend that protest, I will personally flog you. (And not in a fun way.)
Here's the thing: Ernest chose to do this by himself. It's not like a bunch of atheists voted to say, “Yeah! Let's flog the Koran! That'll show everyone!” This is all him. So it's not like we could stop them from doing what they want. Furthermore, desecrating a book, symbolic as it is, isn't a crime. But why on earth would anyone want to go the same route as crazy pastor Terry Jones?
Ernest, as you might recall, has a history of going after Islam:
Just to be clear, there are plenty of problems with Islam and atheists should address them head on. My issue is that this particular form of activism won't prove anything to anyone. You're not enlightening minds. You're not educating people on what the books say. You're just trying to make people angry.
American Atheists should not stand for this. Ernest is doing this in their capacity as a State Director. My initial reaction is that Dave Silverman needs to issue some sort of press release saying that AA does not support this method of retaliation and that Ernest is going rogue. If Ernest doesn't back down, they need to revoke their title.
I've asked both men for a response and I'll provide updates when I hear from them.
***Edit***: This post has been edited for clarity since it initially went up.
***Update 1***: Dave Silverman tells me that they have not given any “ok” to do this under the AA banner. He's surprised to see this in the press.
***Update 2***: Dave and I spoke about alternative ways to protest this Resolution. I offered a few ideas. He'll be making some sort of statement soon.
(Thanks to Justin for the link)
Album reviews and Magic Band interviews
90 pages
A5 Publication
Wisdom Twins Books 2015
Printed to order for each customer
Publicity blurb:
A 90 page album guide to the music of Captain Beefheart and the Magic Band, with words from Art Tripp, John Drumbo French, Robert Williams, Zoot Horn Rollo, Cliff Martinez and others.
Radar Station Overview:
As the title so succinctly puts it this is a book of Beefheart album reviews and Magic Band interviews. A fairly slim volume at only 90 pages it keeps to the point and avoids pretentious waffling. As the author says in their introduction “I haven't gone to write a complex dissection of every note … how one tiny lyric might sum up man's mortality. I have listened to the albums again, and written about them as an admirer and musician …”.
Chris Wade is a musician who records under the name Dodson and Fogg. In this book they concentrate on all of the main Beefheart albums from Safe As Milk to Ice Cream For Crow reviewing them in chronological order of release. Each is given three to four pages, although the Trout Mask Replica review, not surprisingly, runs to seven pages. Albums of rarities, such as Grow Fins, or compilations have not been included.
However, for me there is one major omission and that is the original Bat Chain Puller. It does not have it's own entry and is not reviewed. It does get a mention but is dismissed in the postscript as “nothing earth shatteringly new”. (Note to author: please, Chris, publish a second edition with added Bat Chain Puller ! It's an album that musically fills the gap between Clear Spot and Shiny Beast).
Overall this book is a good little introduction to the Beefheart canon. Particularly useful to someone just starting out investigating these albums and doesn't want to get bogged down in the minutiae of the Van Vliet saga. For established fans it will be a chance to read someone else's thoughts on the albums and reassess your own thoughts about them (maybe!).
Fans will also find it worth reading for the interviews included here. Chris has made the effort to conduct new interviews with several of the Magic Band – John French, Bill Harkleroad, Art Tripp, Robert Williams and Chris Martinez – as well as a couple of people on the periphery of Don's orbit – Dr Demento and Pauline Butcher. These interviews add an extra dimension and substance to the book.
It's well written and easily readable with the minimum of typos. Well set out with black and white images of the album covers plus a number of other images of Don and the Magic Band scattered throughout the text. There are a few factual errors though. For example it was Jeff Cotton not Don who did the vocals on Pena and The Blimp, and there isn't a trumpet on the Shiny Beast album, that's Bruce Fowler's trombone. Other errors are pretty minor but, hey, I'm pernickety about things like that.
It's worth picking up a copy. The Music of Captain Beefheart can be had at a reasonable price from Wisdom Twins Books – http://wisdomtwinsbooks.weebly.com/books.html – and I believe it may be also available on Kindle.
————————————————————————————————
A short interview with Chris Wade
As mentioned above Chris Wade is a musician, a singer-songwriter who releases their work under the name of Dodson and Fogg, variously described as psych-folk, prog-folk or acid-folk. The Radar Station asked them a few questions about their Beefheart interest.
Radar Station: What's your story of how you got into Beefheart?
Chris Wade: My dad has been a Zappa fan for years and when they played me Hot Rats when I was a kid, I loved Willie the Pimp the best, mainly for the guitar solo and also that insane vocal style by the man I read was called Captain Beefheart. I was a Stranglers fan in my teens and I had an album their singer Hugh Cornwell did with Beefheart drummer Robert Williams, and I got a hold of Doc at the Radar Station after reading about it in a magazine or some place (this was before I had the internet). I loved the language and word play, that really connected with me and actually made me laugh too. When I worked at a toy shop in my late teens and early twenties, I had a friend who was a big Zappa fan, who also loved Beefheart. On my dinners I used to go to Virgin Megastore in the shopping centre where I worked and buy new CDs. One day I got Trout Mask Replica. I didn't like it right away, but kept coming back to it and came to really admire it. I went on the get the others bit by bit. I still love the last two albums the best I think.
RS: What prompted you to write this book?
CW: Well I'm primarily a musician, but I love to write fiction and also non fiction. I love writing about the music I love. If there's one thing I hate it's reading a music book written by someone who goes on to slag every song the band ever did, i.e. a book like Revolution in the Head by Ian MacDonald. I like to read passionate books that are positive, and like to write that way too, otherwise we're all wasting our time, reading and writing about things we don't even like. I wanted to focus on the music and also get a portrait of Don from fresh interviews with Magic Band members and people who met them or knew him. My favourite input comes from Bill Harkleroad. That bit for me is really something special, as they rarely discuss Beefheart now, so I was honoured to even get a reply from him.
RS: Do you have a favourite Beefheart album or song?
CW: I've always loved Sue Egypt and Making Love to a Vampire with a Monkey On My Knee. I just think they're so unique, those type of Beefheart things. They really interest me, the words and the sounds, how they don't go together but do at the same time. I love how Beefheart's world is so unique and contradictory.
RS: Are there any Beefheart elements that have found their way into your music?
CS: Musically, I could and never would replicate anyone in my own music, at least not knowingly, but I do feel the lack of conservatism has maybe rubbed off. Not caring about the reaction to your work, or if people will like it, doing it because you want to do it, putting in any sound you fancy putting in, releasing things exactly how and when you want. I admire that in artists and that's always the way I do things. That's why I stay independent and release everything myself. I like the control. And Beefheart definitely had that and kept it up. Those kinds of people I can really relate to.
BOGOTA (Reuters) - Colombia's Marxist FARC rebels can begin surrendering their weapons to the United Nations now that almost 7,000 of them have reached designated demobilization zones around the country, President Juan Manuel Santos said on Monday.
The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) signed a peace agreement with the government late last year to put an end Latin America's longest-running armed conflict, which killed more than 220,000 people.
The rebels will have turned in all their arms by June, Santos said.
“This weekend the process of mobilization toward the zones was completed and the protocols of the bilateral and definitive ceasefire and the abandonment of arms has begun,” Santos said in southern Putumayo province.
Over the past weeks, FARC rebels crisscrossed Colombia on foot and by boat from their jungle and mountain camps to 26 zones monitored by U.N. personnel.
Under the terms of the peace accord, the FARC, which began as a peasant uprising 52 years ago, is to form a political movement in the South American nation.
The accord has been heavily criticized by many, and was initially rejected in a referendum, as being too lenient on the rebels who will be spared jail time.
Last July I wrote a post threatening to cull some of my unused CPAN modules. Some people made sensible comments and I never got round to removing the modules (and I'm no longer planning to) but I marked the modules in question as “HANDOFF” and waited for the rush of volunteers.
As predicted in my previous post, I wasn't overwhelmed by the interest, but this week I got an email from Chase Whitener offering to take over maintenance of my WWW::Shorten modules. I think the WWW::Shorten modules are a great idea, but (as I said in my previous post) the link-shortening industry moves very quickly and you would need to far more dedicated than I am in order to keep up with it. All too often I'd start getting failures for a module and, on investigation, discover that another link-shortening service had closed down.
So I was happy to hand over my modules to Chase. And in the week or so since he's taken them over he's been more proactive than I've been in the last five years.
He's set up a p5-shorten organisation on Github to control the repos for all of the modules (all of my repos are now forks from those repos).
They have started cleaning up all of the individual modules so that they are all a lot more similar than they have previously been.
They have improved the documentation.
They have started to release new versions of some of the modules to CPAN.
All stuff that I've been promising myself that I'd get round to doing – for about the last five years. So I'm really grateful that the project seems to have been given the shot in the arm that I never had the time to give it. Thanks to Chase for taking it on.
Looking at CPAN while writing this post, I see that there are two pages of modules in the WWW::Shorten namespace – and only about 20% of them are modules that I wrote or inherited from SPOON. It's great to see so many modules based on my work. However, I have no idea how many of them still work (services close down, HTML changes – breaking web scrapers). It would be great if the authors could all work together to share best practice on keeping up with this fast-moving industry. Perhaps the p5-shorten Github organisation would be a good place to do that.
Anyway, that's seven fewer distributions that I own on CPAN. And that makes me happy. Many thanks to Chase for taking them on.
Now. Who wants Guardian::OpenPlatform::API, Net::Backpack or the AudioFile::Info modules?
Also published on Medium.
Two leading Republicans in the District have announced their support for efforts to legalize same-sex marriage in the city.
Robert J. Kabel, chairperson of the D.C. Republican Committee, and Patrick Mara, an unsuccessful Republican D.C. Council nominee last year, pledged to lobby Republicans on Capitol Hill to stay out of the local same-sex marriage debate.
"On behalf of a large constituency of D.C. Republicans, we would like to thank you," the two wrote to D.C. Council member David A. Catania (I-At Large) last week after they introduced their legislation. "We appreciate your efforts in supporting this long overdue legislation in the District of Columbia. . . . We would like to offer our support in aiding the advancement of this bill in Congress, particularly amongst Republicans."
Kabel is believed to be the only openly gay chairperson of a state Republican committee in the nation. Mara, who is heterosexual, has been a longtime supporter of same-sex marriage.  They are also widely believed to still have ambitions of joining the council.
The comments from Kabel and Mara put them odds with many of their counterparts in other state Republican committees and highlight the local party's progressive views on many social issues.
Still, local Republican officials are limiting the committee's role in the same-sex marriage debate. Although Kabel and Mara made public their letter to Catania, the committee does not plan to endorse their bill. The D.C. Democratic Committee approved a resolution this summer supporting same-sex marriage.
Catania, who is gay, was a Republican until 2004, when they quit the party in protest of President George W. Bush's call for a constitutional amendment to ban same-sex marriage.
Graham Staffers Won't Testify
The two staffers for council member Jim Graham (D-Ward 1) who were subpoenaed in the U.S. investigation of the city's taxicab industry will not be testifying before the grand jury, according to sources in Graham's office.
David Vacca and Steve Hernandez, who work for the Committee on Public Works and Transportation, were scheduled to appear before the grand jury last Thursday.
But Hernandez, the committee clerk, and Vacca, a legislative analyst, were told by federal authorities they will not be questioned. Instead, Vacca and Hernandez turned over documents related to taxicab legislation that was pending before the committee, according to the sources, who asked to remain anonymous because they are not authorized to talk about the investigation.
Graham's chief of staff, Ted G. Loza, was arrested two weeks ago for allegedly accepting $1,500 in bribes to try to influence legislation favoring the taxicab industry.
Neither Vacca, Hernandez nor Graham has been charged with wrongdoing. The fact that Vacca and Hernandez will not be testifying could be an indication that the federal investigation is not heavily focused on Graham or their office.
After Loza's arrest, other indictments showed that the federal investigation expands into the taxi industry.
In addition to Loza, 39 men have been indicted on charges they gave D.C. Taxicab Commission Chairman Leon J. Swain Jr. more than $300,000 in bribes during a two-year period to get taxi licenses. Swain reported the bribery attempts and cooperated with federal agents to snag the men.
Staff writer Nikita Stewart contributed to this report.
VH1 has announced a new show starring Snoop Dogg and Martha Stewart. It's called “Martha & Snoop's Dinner Party,” and it hits the air this fall, Variety reports. In a statement, Snoop said, “My homegirl, Martha and I have a special bond that goes back. We're gonna be cooking, drinking and having a good time with our exclusive friends. Can't wait for you to see how we roll together!” Stewart elaborated, “At our dinner party, we will exemplify America's fascination with food, entertaining and celebrity.” They said the show “will redesign the traditional food competition shows in a new, different and very funny way.”
Snoop is no stranger to television. Just last month, they were on “Family Feud,” where they answered a weed-related question. In June, they went on “$100,000 Pyramid” alongside Stewart. Snoop's even been on Stewart's old TV show “Martha.” Below, watch the two of them make mashed potatoes together in a 2008 video.
The question of consciousness is as old as philosophy.
And while the exact nature of human consciousness is exceedingly difficult to pin down—that doesn't stop us from trying. It's a puzzle that's preoccupied the world's greatest philosophers for millennia and, in recent centuries, scientists too.
In the information age, we've begun to wonder if consciousness is a uniquely biological phenomenon or if it might arise elsewhere. Is the brain just a mushy computer running wetware—something we can replicate in hardware and software? Or is comparing the brain to a computer a misleading analogy and a vast oversimplification?
A fascinating new video from the Economist, featuring some of the brightest minds working the problem, brings us up to date on the debate and the latest thinking.
“The methods of science right now are great for explaining objective processes and objective functions,” says philosopher David Chalmers. “But the problem of consciousness—what we call the ‘hard problem of consciousness', which is explaining how you get subjective experience from the brain—is not that kind of question.”
Some scholars believe consciousness is a concept our minds are incapable of understanding. The brain trying to form a picture of its own inner workings is a bit like the impossible geometry of an MC Escher sketch or trying to see your back by looking over your shoulder. No matter how you strain and struggle, it remains just out of sight.
But not everyone believes it's so hard. Another view, championed by philosopher Daniel Dennett, is that only now are we getting the technologies necessary to form a complete picture of the brain and consciousness. We're just this moment holding up a technological mirror to the mind and catching a glimpse of our own likeness there.
“A lot of puzzles, no mysteries. We're going to understand it from the bottom up and the top down,” says Dennett. “The user friendly world that we live in, the manifest image, is a sort of friendly user illusion in the same way that the desktop of your laptop is a user illusion—it simplifies and it distorts, in helpful ways, for most purposes.”
“If you really want to know what's going on, you have to go backstage. And the same thing is true about the brain and consciousness.”
Until recently, Dennett says, we didn't have the tools to peek behind the curtain. The brain was about as accessible as distant galaxies. But that is no longer the case. We're now developing tools to study the brain non-invasively and developing the computational models to explain how it “non-miraculously” transforms information into experience.
“So, now we have the toolkit,” Dennett says. “We just have to use the tools.”
Image Credit: Shutterstock.com
For Foreign Journalists, A Rare Invitation To Damascus
Enlarge this image toggle caption Pavel Golovkin/AP Pavel Golovkin/AP
Foreign journalists' access to Syria is severely restricted, but this week, the regime of Bashar Assad extended an unusual invitation to a group of Western reporters to visit Damascus, the capital. NPR's Peter Kenyon and Alison Meuse are among the foreign journalists who've been granted visas to Damascus this week. For Kenyon, it's the first time back since 2008, before the 2011 uprising that led to Syria's war. They spoke with Morning Edition host Renee Montagne about the visit.
How has the city changed since you were last there?
There's definitely a different edge here, but the first thing I have to say is it's still functioning, which is such a huge contrast with what we've been able to see in videos and reports from residents in Aleppo and places like that. Aleppo's a humanitarian crisis, full-blown.
Here in Damascus, people have food, they've got electricity. The water works. But there's many, many military and police checkpoints around the city. And this isn't just cars getting waved through by police. Each one is inspected, trunks are searched, kind of like in Baghdad during the conflict there.
And of course the economy has been hit very hard. Syrian officials condemn the U.N. sanctions on Syria, saying they're causing food shortages, and foreign banks fearful of violating sanctions are refusing money transfers and other business transactions.
Why is the government allowing journalists in now?
I think the government wants to get its side of the story out and realizes it has been not doing a great job of that. Officials have been pushing hard on their own narrative, and that Syria is in a battle against jihadi terrorism, allies in the region and the West are backing that terrorism. And there's also been a lot of criticism of the Western media and how it's covered the conflict. And when it was pointed out that maybe if more reporters from the West got in to see what was going on, a fuller picture might come out, some of the officials said yeah, that could be right. But the other side is they want to talk about what might happen next.
What are they saying?
I spoke with an adviser to the Syrian Ministry of National Reconciliation named Elia Samman, and they told me about the government's program to convince rebels — often by means of a siege and military attacks — to leave opposition strongholds. Some lay down weapons and seek amnesty, and others move to the north. Samman said it's worked in some areas, but Aleppo, with its large number of foreign fighters and other problems, is posing a terrific challenge.
Here's what they said: "It's very difficult now, of course. Aleppo has a huge number of foreigners. The armed groups in Aleppo are mostly today radical jihadi groups, so they would continue fighting till the last penny is still coming to them. So the main issue here is the money supplies. That's the big issue. As long as they're receiving money from Saudi Arabia, from Qatar, from wherever, I don't think we have very good chances."
It's interesting that there is a Ministry of Reconciliation. The job sounds like it might be tough.
Very tough, and it hasn't really started yet. These relocations, which the government calls "reconciliations," are a source of dread for many Syrians in opposition areas, but the government is determined to continue with them. They don't seem to have any other plan. But the prospects for Aleppo seem pretty grim unless there's some new international peace effort... You can only have national reconciliation after the shooting stops. Then they need a constitution and elections, but when that might happen is anybody's guess.
Upping its ante against the Centre's "anti-farmers" agrarian policy and Land Acquisition Bill, the Aam Aadmi Party on Tuesday will launch a rally on the issue.
The rally will start from Jantar Mantar at around 12.30 pm, where Delhi Chief Minister Arvind Kejriwal will address their supporters, but they won't be a part of the march towards the Parliament.
Lashing out at the Centre, party leader Sanjay Singh on Monday had said the party will protest against the "deadly Act" for the farmers tooth and nail.
The party had said farmers from Chhatisgarh, Jharkhand, Punjab, Haryana, Odisha, the Bundelkhand and Poorvanchal belt of Uttar Pradesh will also participate in the rally to protest against the Bill.
"The BJP says that they have made necessary changes in the Act. This is nothing but a joke. What compelled the BJP to change the provisions of the Act, just after nine months in power? This is nothing but a move to benefit its industrialist friends," Singh had said. "The dark law which Modi government has brought about on land acquisition will not benefit farmers."
"Modi govt has issued a maut ka farmaan through this land bill," Singh had said. "Our demand is that this dark land bill be repealed."
Taking a jibe at Congress Vice-President Rahul Gandhi, Kumar Vishwas, who had contested against the Gandhi scion from Amethi, had said they should first explain how Robert Vadra benefitted from the alleged land scam in Haryana.
"He has come back from a vacation and their entertainment tour. The leader has been talking about the welfare of the farmers," Vishwas had said.
"Congress is just pretending to care about farmers. They sent their yuvraj to make a speech on farmers' issues after their two-month long vacation. This is because of frustration," they had said.
The AAP leader also lauded Arvind Kejriwal for announcing Rs 50,000 per hectare as aid for farmers.
Delhi Police, however, had maintained that the rally will not be allowed to proceed toward the Parliament from Jantar Mantar as prohibitory orders under Section 144 of the CrPC remains imposed in the area.
"Jantar Mantar is the designated spot for protests. Nobody will be allowed to move from there toward the Parliament," said a senior Delhi Police officer.
The land acquisition bill by the Narendra Modi government has faced a lot of attack by the Opposition. Congress vice-president Rahul Gandhi had called the government 'suit boot ki sarkar' over the land bill issue in the Lok Sabha and had alleged that the government was only bothered about industrialists and did not care about farmers.
The government, on the other hand, has maintained that the land bill was not anti-farmer and the Opposition was only attacking the bill because it had run out of issues over which it could oppose the government.
Parliamentary Affairs Minister M Venkaiah Naidu had alleged Congress is continuously trying to spread falsehood as truth and had asked party MPs to counter it aggressively.
(With inputs from agencies)
Firstpost is now on WhatsApp. For the latest analysis, commentary and news updates, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Firstpost.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
News Release The Standing Senate Committee on National Finance ‘Devil in the details': Senators urge government to axe tax act changes
READ THE REPORT INFOGRAPHICPHOTOS
Ottawa – The federal government should scrap or at least delay plans to amend the Income Tax Act as the proposals risk harming the Canadians these changes are meant to help, the Senate Committee on National Finance said in a report released Wednesday.
The committee's report is the product of extensive study and cross-Canada consultations with the people who have the most to lose under the proposed changes. This work took place with the endorsement of the federal finance minister.
The majority of senators on the committee believe cancellation is the most prudent course of action. However, committee Deputy Chair Senator André Pratte and Senator Éric Forest disagreed.
As an alternative to cancellation, delaying fiscal reform implementation would also give the government more time to consult with businesses and tax specialists on the details of the changes, once these have been released.
Witnesses described in concrete terms the extent to which some changes would be harmful to them. Proposed restrictions on passive investments, for instance, would discourage business owners from saving for capital investments, economic downturns or even parental leave and retirement.
There is another reason for the government to withdraw or delay its proposals.
Over the past decades, various governments have made incremental changes to the tax system, which has become bloated, complex and cumbersome. The last comprehensive review of the tax system took place in the 1960s; the committee believes it is long past time for the government to take a close look at our existing system.
If the government truly wishes to make meaningful, lasting changes toward a fairer tax system — and maintain Canada's competitiveness with other countries that have simplified their own tax codes — the committee believes the government must embark on a full review of the tax system.
It would be an ambitious, time-consuming and difficult project. But, done well and with input from Canadians, it would leave a lasting legacy of stability and profitability.
The committee urges the government to embrace this challenge.
Quick Facts
Senators held 30 public meetings across Canada during the committee's study and heard from 138 witnesses. The committee also received 32 written briefs.
Witnesses came from many sectors including financial services, healthcare, agriculture, academia, government, small business and labour groups.
The federal government has yet to reveal crucial details of some aspects of its planned reforms; some proposed rules have only been outlined in press releases. As one witness noted, the devil is in the details.
Quotes
“Canadians expect a tax system that is fair and equitable. Making sudden changes to the Income Tax Act — in some cases without providing the detail necessary to understand their implications — does not inspire confidence. If the government wishes to implement tax reform it must do so carefully, cautiously and with consideration for how it will affect Canadians.”
- Senator Percy Mockler, Chair of the committee
“The federal government has prided itself on supporting women but the proposed tax changes risk harming them. Businesswomen could be financially penalized for saving for maternity leave and spouses who contribute to their partner's business in valuable but informal ways would see a reduced financial benefit. A more detailed and public gender analysis is needed.”
- Senator Mobina S. B. Jaffer, Deputy Chair of the committee
“In this sometimes fractious debate about fiscal reform, everyone agreed on one thing: a thorough review of the overly complex Income Tax Act has been long overdue.”
- Senator Anne Cools, committee member
Associated Links
Read the report, Fair, Simple and Competitive Taxation: The way forward for Canada
Follow the committee on social media using the hashtag #NFFN .
. Sign up for the Senate's eNewsletter.
For more information, please contact:
Sonia Noreau
Public Relations Officer
Communications Directorate | Senate of Canada
613-614-1180 sonia.noreau@sen.parl.gc.ca
Senators Percy Mockler (committee chair), Anne Cools and Elizabeth Marshall share findings of the Senate Committee on National Finance's report at a press conference in Ottawa on Wednesday, December 13, 2017.
As part of its upcoming Kobolds & Catacombs expansion, Hearthstone is adding an interesting new mechanic that takes weaponry to a (literal) new level. Legendary weapons are now a part of the game, giving each of the game's nine classes a Legendary weapon to wield. Each of these weapons has the potential to impact the game in various ways and Shacknews is going to break each of these arms down one-by-one.
Today, we take a look at the Priest, one class that doesn't typically wield weapons. But the weapon this class does get is one that seems to fit right in with a number of familiar Priest decks.
(3) Dragon Soul (0/3)
Type: Weapon
Class: Priest
Rarity: Legendary
After you cast 3 spells in a turn, summon a 5/5 Dragon.
Source: BlizzCon Opening Keynote
Dragon Soul At A Glance
Dragon Soul is different from a standard weapon, in that it has zero Attack power. That actually works in the Priest's favor, because it means there's nothing to reduce its durability. Triggering its effect will not reduce durability, giving the Priest the opportunity to summon multiple Dragons. It might even be able to summon multiple Dragons in a single turn. That can't be possible can it? Oh, it can!
And because it has the potential to be abused, that makes it an ideal companion for a number of Priest staples.
Dragon Soul Synergies
If you think Highlander Priest is powerful now, that's nothing. Dragon Soul will become a critical piece of the Priest's later turns. That'll especially be the case after using Raza the Chained and Shadowreaper Anduin. On top of piling on punishing Hero Power after Hero Power strikes for zero mana, the Priest can keep trotting out 5/5 Dragons to build a stronger board presence.
With that said, like the current Highlander Priest strategy, keeping the Priest's hand replenished is going to be a key part in making the most out of Dragon Soul. That means using Shadow Visions to its maximum efficiency and also introducing new cards with Lyra the Sunshard and Elise the Trailblazer. The threat of Oozes and Harrison Jones will be constant, but if the opponent has no answer, Dragon Soul has high abuse potential and will be very tough to beat.
Big Body Priest might find a place for this weapon, but that's a little less likely. Yes, it doesn't disrupt its main strategy of using solely big bodies, but there's a concern that there just won't be enough resources to truly make the most of it. Remember that this Priest is also packing expensive spells in this deck, like Free From Amber, so it's not necessarily a guarantee that there will be enough spells to trigger the weapon's effect, unless both Shadow Visions and Silence are ready to go.
Regardless of the Priest deck that's being run, Shadow Visions has the potential to be a real MVP here. Equipping Dragon Soul and having Shadow Visions constantly Discover the other Shadow Visions copy repeatedly is a surefire way to keep the dragons coming on a crazy loop. Radiant Elemental also becomes a critical card to making this weapon work, since one or two of them ensure Priests can pack several spells into a single turn.
There are still eight more weapons to break down and Shacknews will be here to analyze them over the coming weeks. Kobolds & Catacombs is set to hit Hearthstone in December.
I've met Alex Jones exactly once: during the Republican National Convention in Cleveland last summer. Forget the boring speeches―the only reason you go to political conventions is to experience the surreal milieu. In that regard, I got my money's worth.
We were joined by my colleague Jamie Weinstein and the equally intriguing Roger Stone. Admittedly, my memories of that night are hazy, and good taste prevents me from disclosing the details of our conversation. But my general takeaway was that, in this environment, Jones was much more rational and reserved than their InfoWars persona might suggest.
What is more, at one point, they seemed to imply that they wanted to be more careful going forward with conspiracy theories—because they knew that their increased notoriety bestowed upon them a greater responsibility.
I'm not saying they came across as completely normal, but the general impression I got from that one evening was that Alex Jones, the man, is different from Alex Jones, the brand. This was months before the Pizzagate conspiracy theory they helped perpetuate led an armed man to “self-investigate” whether a child sex ring was really taking place in the basement of a DC pizzeria. This was not exactly an example of restraint (Jones later apologized).
This, of course, is relevant in the wake of Jones's child custody case―his lawyer has argued that Jones is a “performance artist” who is “playing a character.” Their lawyer went so far as to say that judging Jones for their outlandish commentary “would be like judging Jack Nicholson in a custody dispute based on their performance as the Joker in Batman.”
On the witness stand, Jones appeared to contradict some of their attorney's arguments. They may be torn between keeping their kids and keeping their lucrative career. They may be mutually exclusive. It is unclear what this revelation might do to the legions of fans who credulously tune in to hear their paranoid political rants.
Back in the 1980s, before it was renamed World Wrestling Entertainment, two stars of the World Wrestling Federation were arrested for drug possession. Both Hacksaw Jim Duggan (a good guy) and The Iron Sheik (a heel) were promptly fired by boss Vince McMahon. The interesting thing is that the arrest doesn't appear to be what cost them their jobs. They had also committed an unpardonable sin: They had broken the fourth wall. They were supposed to be bitter enemies in persona, and here they were toking up together.
The conservative entertainment world now is probably where professional wrestling was then. Sophisticated viewers realize that (to paraphrase Duke from the movie Rocky) it's a damn show, not a damn fight. But a lot of regular Americans are still hoodwinked.
And therein lies the problem. If someone in the sports world or the movie industry views themselves primarily as a moneymaking brand, there's really not much harm caused by their antics. If a football player sets a bad example, you can still always say, “It's just a game.” If an actor does something inappropriate, you can dismiss it by saying, “It's just ‘la la land' where people make pretend movies.” But politics is inherently different. The stakes are higher. And since ideas have consequences, our words can have grave consequences—even if the reason is tied to profit motive.
What is more, starting or spreading conspiracy theories—warning of false flags and ginning up the worries and fears of people who might already be struggling with reality—could result in horrific repercussions.
It's one thing to sincerely believe the theories you spout out for public consumption (some people do), but it's even worse to do it solely for fawning attention and a fat paycheck.
One particularly despicable example of this phenomenon occurred in the wake of the Sandy Hook shooting in 2012, when Jones advanced the theory that the shooting was a “false flag” hoax. Parents who had lost a child were already experiencing unimaginable pain, and Jones compounded that pain by spreading this false and emotionally damaging rumor.
In a way, Jones is just the logical conclusion of something that started around the same time Hacksaw Jim Duggan was battling it out with The Iron Sheik. The Eric Hoffer line about something starting off as a movement, turning into a business, and ending up as a racket rings true. But Jones didn't invent this game―he just took it to the next level.
Who could forget 1980s talk show host Morton Downey, Jr., who gained fame by playing a sort of caricature of a politically incorrect right-wing host—except, unlike Steven Colbert's show, much of Downey's audience wasn't in on the joke. These things don't tend to end well; Downey's act eventually came crashing down when they pretended that they had been attacked in an airport bathroom by three neo-Nazis. Their attempt to gain publicity was foiled when it was revealed that the swastika scrawled on their face was backwards—the product of them having drawn it in a mirror. Downey's story serves as a warning that a poseur's 15 minutes of fame eventually expires.
Interestingly, the revelation that Downey was a fraud ushered in their replacement, Rush Limbaugh, who assumed Downey's radio show in Sacramento. Although he, too, has become primarily an entertainer, Limbaugh's role was originally designed to be provocative and (unlike Downey) authentic. “They brought me out, they said, ‘Look, we want controversy. We'll back you up, but not if you make it up. If you're going to say things just to incite riots, just to make people mad, if you're going to say things just to rile 'em up but you don't really believe it, we're not going to back you up. But if you're honest about it, and you stay sane, we'll back you up,' and they were true, they were honest about that,” Limbaugh explained in 2010.
To be sure, the most popular conservative commentators—even the ones who really do believe what they say and take their responsibility seriously—have to know how to garner attention. You can't be 100 percent Edmund Burke without mixing in at least a healthy splash of P.T. Barnum. Salesmanship is a key part of the job. But there is a line that is crossed at some point—where someone ceases to be a political commentator who is entertaining and instead starts being an entertainer who exploits politics. Just like pornography, you know it when you see it.
And boy have we seen it. Jones's custody case seems to hinge on their mental stability. But if he's perfectly sane, that means they are guilty of saying inexcusably careless things that could possibly get someone killed—and definitely break the heart of a grieving parent.
Their lawyer's defense boils down to this: He's not crazy—just evil. Having shared a drink with him, I'm inclined to believe their attorney.
21 points · 96 comments
Sir Michael Caine BACKS Brexit as they hit out at EU's ‘faceless dictators'
14 points · 43 comments
Migrants can drive car without driver's licence, Swedes not informed about it due to PC = government sacrifices citizens' lives for ideology (use Google Translate)
14 points · 1 comment
FARAGE FOR BREITBART: Labour Think Its 'Racist' To Blame The Cologne Attacks On Migrants
13 points
3 weeks after NYE attacks, victims still coming forward, reports almost top 1000, including 126 reports of "rape by a group", in Germany alone
16 points · 12 comments
How Would Sun Tzu and Machiavelli Advise Merkel? - There is no historical analog for this present situation of a government forcibly flooding its own country with a foreign people who are hostile both to the native population and the government that is bringing them in..
12 points · 13 comments
Former strongman champion - Mariusz Pudzianowski, who have a logistic company, declares that they will protect their own truckers with a baseball bat.
19 points · 34 comments
This isn't strictly European, but Trump just re-tweeted a 'white-genocide' account and EVERYONE is losing it
12 points · 17 comments
"I'm not racist but......" SIGN OF A BRAINWASH VICTIM
218 points · 168 comments
Facebook account of a 16 year old girl deleted because they are frightened of refugees
20 points · 32 comments
Germans must ban ALCOHOL to prevent further sex attacks and help migrants integrate
244 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Tumblr Digg Linkedin Stumbleupon Mail Print
The app Cell 411 – available now, for free, on Android and iOS – is powerful. It allows you to stream content live (both to an offsite server and to the devices of your friends who also have the app) and to send and respond to emergency alerts (both to people you care about and if you choose to go on Patrol Mode, to complete strangers in your area). On February 19, 2016 Cell 411 developer Virgil Vaduva gave a presentation entitled “Cell 411: Emergency Response without the State” at Liberty Forum (the annual event hosted by the Free State Project which this year was held in Manchester, NH). In the hour-long discussion, Virgil shares a bit about their background, motivation, gives an overview of current and prospective functionality, and solicits input from those present. Enjoy.
Download Cell 411
Links:
Cell 411 homepage: http://getcell411.com
Cell 411 on Facebook: http://facebook.com/SafeArx
4-minute video about Cell 411: https://youtu.be/fEVZ3rI1M9Y
Liberty Forum: http://nhlibertyforum.com
Free State Project: http://freestateproject.com
More Resources:
EDITOR'S NOTE: You can join the Public CopBlock Cell via Cell 411 by searching “CopBlock” in public Cells within the app. The input must be exact with capital C and B. Join this Cell if you'd like assistance from those of us who contribute here at CopBlock.org. Below is the video Brett Sanders recorded with Cell 411 that allowed myself the ability to publish it quickly. This made it easy for those who viewed the video to support a call flood for Brett which lead to the police releasing them instead of holding them until they could see a judge.
244 SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Tumblr Digg Linkedin Stumbleupon Mail Print
EPN
Vintage Stratton Campaign Trooper Blue Straw Hat 7 7/8" Chin Strap Gold Band New
$4999.0
Swiss & Other Foreign Police Hat Collection - 43 Hats And Rare
$2590.0
Antique Colt Firearms Hat**antique Gun**winchester**colt Saa**
$1750.0
Ww I Uruguayan Police Officer Full Dress Kepi Hat Cap With Red Pom Pom Very Rare
$850.0
Luxembourg Chief Inspector Police 1920 Extremely Rare Hat Kepi Kremer Bertrang
$800.0
'Beauty and the Beast' Hopes to Tell a Tale of a March Opening Weekend Record
March 16, 2017
SATURDAY AM UPDATE: With an estimated $63.78 million, Disney's Beauty and the Beast topped the Friday box office, on its way to a three-day currently expected to finish anywhere from $155-162 million according to industry sources. There remains a chance it could reach Batman v Superman's $166 million, March opening record, but it's too early to tell if that will be the case. By comparison, Batman v Superman brought in $81.5 million on Friday.
Additionally, BH Tilt's The Belko Experiment brought in an estimated $1.5 million on Friday and is currently headed toward a $3.6 million opening, just a bit below the studio's hoped for $4 million. And, TriStar's limited release of T2 Trainspotting into four theaters resulted in an estimated $64,000 on Friday and is looking at a weekend around $170K-200K.
You can view the complete Friday estimates right here and we'll be back tomorrow with a full look at the weekend.
FRIDAY AM UPDATE: Disney's Beauty and the Beast is well on its way to an outstanding opening weekend as it took in a massive, $16.3 million from Thursday evening screenings at approximately 3,300 locations. Screenings began at 6PM with special fan events taking place at ~600 premium large format locations. This ranks above The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 2 and serves as the third largest preview gross for the month of March, coming in behind Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice ($27.7m) and The Hunger Games ($19.7m), which opened with $166 million and $152 million respectively. In addition, the film opened with $11.5 million internationally.
As for BH Tilt's The Belko Experiment, the film pulled in $305,000 from previews that began last night at 7PM. Comparing to previous BH Tilt titles, The Green Inferno did $275k in previews and opened with $3.5 million and The Darkness did $206k and opened with $4.95 million.
We'll be back tomorrow morning with a look at Friday estimates. You can read our complete weekend preview below.
WEEKEND PREVIEW: Thus far, 2017 is without a $100 million opener, but that will all change this weekend as Disney's latest animated classic turned live action film, Beauty and the Beast, is set to open in over 4,200 theaters in US and Canada. In addition to becoming the first $100 million opener of 2017, this "tale as old as time" may challenge Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice for the March opening weekend record and rank among the top ten all-time domestic openers. All told, this weekend will see the top twelve smash the $122 million the top twelve grossed from the same weekend last year. In fact, Beauty and the Beast should easily top $122 million all on its own.
Anticipation for Disney's Beauty and the Beast has been sky high for some time now as Disney has taken every opportunity to market the fantasy feature online and across all its media channels. As of March 6, online ticket retailer Fandango.com was reporting the film was outpacing Captain America: Civil War ($179.1m opening) in advance ticket sales while adding it was the fastest-selling family film in Fandango history (topping Finding Dory), and had already sold out hundreds of showtimes across the country well before release. Since then its sales have only continued to improve as the retailer now reports it's not only outpacing Civil War, but Avengers: Age of Ultron ($191.2m opening) and March opening record holder Batman v Superman ($166m opening). These are big comparisons and industry expectations for a domestic opening of $120+ million seems conservative against such titles.
Beauty and the Beast is debuting in 4,210 theaters, of which 400 are IMAX screens and 500+ locations will show the film in Premium Large Format. The film will also play at nearly 200 D-Box locations and over 3,500 theaters will be showing the film in 3-D. By comparison, Disney's The Jungle Book, which opened with $103.2 million last year, opened in 4,028 locations, of which 3,000+ were showing the film in 3-D. Finding Dory did open in 95 more theaters en route to its $135 million opening, but of those theaters it was playing in ~300 fewer 3-D locations and ~400 fewer IMAX screens. On top of all that, a peek at IMDb page view performance leading up to release shows Beauty and the Beast outperforming Jungle Book and Finding Dory, the latter by a rather significant margin, while at the same time pacing ahead of The Hunger Games: Mockingjay - Part 1.
It should be mentioned, when it comes to IMDb page views Beauty and the Beast is trailing against Fandango comps Civil War, Age of Ultron and Batman v Superman, but we're not entirely certain those are the best films to look at as a comparison, though there is something to be said for nostalgia and Beauty and the Beast's built-in audience. Back in 2002 when the animated Beauty and the Beast was re-released in IMAX it brought in $25.4 million from a max number of 68 theaters. Disney took the animated classic even wider in 2012 when it was re-released in 3-D and it didn't disappoint, delivering $47.6 million. You better believe those same audiences will be showing up this weekend and then some.
Considering all factors, an opening above Dory's $135 million seems a guarantee, the question is whether or not it can eclipse Batman v Superman's $166 million, March opening record. The first sign as to how well it will perform comes Friday morning on the heels of Thursday night previews, which includes special fan events kicking off at ~600 premium large format locations nationwide. Finding Dory brought in $9.2 million on Thursday evening, The Jungle Book and Maleficent debuted with $4.2 million while films like Civil War and Age of Ultron brought in $25 million and $27.6 million respectively.
What does it all amount to? We're expecting an opening anywhere from $150-170 million, which is already well outside of the norm. If we were to simply base our prediction off historical data, we'd be more likely to expect an opening around $112-134 million, but clearly this is a film set to outperform historical standards so while we're only forecasting as high as $170 million, an opening around $180+ million doesn't seem outside the realm of possibility.
In addition to its domestic debut, Beauty and the Beast will bow in approximately 67% of the international market including Thursday debuts in Germany, Italy, Russia, Korea and Brazil; and Friday openings in Spain, the UK, China and Mexico. The film hits theaters in France on the 22nd, Australia on the 23rd and won't arrive in Japan until April 21.
Hoping to share in the weekend riches, last weekend's #1 opener, Kong: Skull Island, is looking at a second place finish this weekend around $25.6 million, signifying a 58% drop, which is on average for a film of this sort. By comparison, Godzilla dropped 67% following its $93.1 million opening.
Logan should come in third, dipping around 54% or so in its third weekend with $17.5 million as the film nears $185 million domestically. Universal's hit thriller Get Out, which has held strong for three weeks in a row, should finish fourth with a drop around 26% this weekend for a three-day around $15.3 million, pushing its cume close $135 million domestically. Rounding out the top five is Lionsgate's The Shack, which should drop around 32% or so for a third weekend around $6.8 million.
Expected to finish just outside the top five is BH Tilt's latest feature, The Belko Experiment, debuting in 1,341 theaters. As with previous releases including The Green Inferno and most recently Incarnate, the studio has chosen theaters determined to be historically frequented by die-hard genre fans and as such an opening around $4 million is the goal for the feature which carries a reported $5 million budget.
Of BH Tilt's four releases so far, only The Darkness managed to open over $4 million, pulling in $4.95 million in its May 2016 opening from 1,755 theaters. A look at IMDb page view data recently showed Belko vastly outperforming both The Darkness and Incarnate, though that margin has tightened a bit over the last couple days. Overall, we're expecting Belko might be the next title for the studio to top their target number as we're anticipating an opening just under $5 million for the thriller.
Also opening this weekend, TriStar will debut T2: Trainspotting into four theaters as the platform release will continue to expand throughout the month. The 21-years-later sequel has already grossed over $33 million internationally after first debuting in the UK back at the end of January.
Additionally, Broad Green will release Terence Malick's Song to Song into a limited number of theaters, Well Go will release Bluebeard and Freestyle will be releasing Burn Your Maps.
This weekend's forecast is directly below. This post will be updated on Friday morning with Thursday night preview results followed by Friday estimates on Saturday morning, and a complete weekend recap on Sunday morning.
Beauty and the Beast (2017) (4,210 theaters) - $168.0 M
(4,210 theaters) - $168.0 M Kong: Skull Island (3,846 theaters) - $25.6 M
(3,846 theaters) - $25.6 M Logan (3,687 theaters) - $17.5 M
(3,687 theaters) - $17.5 M Get Out (2,977 theaters) - $14.1 M
(2,977 theaters) - $14.1 M The Shack (2,825 theaters) - $6.8 M
(2,825 theaters) - $6.8 M The Belko Experiment (1,341 theaters) - $4.7 M
(1,341 theaters) - $4.7 M The LEGO Batman Movie (2,735 theaters) - $4.6 M
(2,735 theaters) - $4.6 M Hidden Figures (1,162 theaters) - $2.0 M
(1,162 theaters) - $2.0 M Before I Fall (1,551 theaters) - $1.3 M
(1,551 theaters) - $1.3 M John Wick: Chapter Two (1,065 theaters) - $1.2 M
Discuss this story with fellow Box Office Mojo fans on Facebook. On Twitter, follow us at @boxofficemojo and author Brad Brevet at @bradbrevet.
by
While basil pesto doesn't need further introduction, I like to share with you my favourite pesto recipe to date – roast squash with coriander pesto. It is a concoction of two of my favourite ingredients – squash (of any kind) and coriander with a touch of the Middle East (because of cumin). So look no further, this is a recipe worthy to be a keeper!
Roast Squash With Coriander Pesto
(adapted from Jill Dupleix)
Serves 4
Ingredients:
2 onion or butternut squash
2tbsp olive oil
4tbsp fresh coriander leaves
2 garlic cloves
2tbsp toasted pine nuts
Sea salt
1tsp cumin seeds
½tsp ground cumin
1tbsp lemon juice
150ml virgin olive oil
Extra coriander leaves
Extra toasted pine nuts
Method:
1. Heat the oven to 180C/Gas 4.
2. Scrub the squash but do not peel. Cut each squash into 6 or 8 thick half-moon wedges, coat in olive oil and place “sitting up” on an oiled baking tray. Bake for 40 to 50min until tender and lightly scorched on the tips.
3. Pound the coriander, garlic, toasted pine nuts, sea salt, cumin seeds, cumin, lemon juice and a little of the olive oil in a mortar with a pestle, or in a food processor, until you have a mushy paste, then slowly pour in the remaining olive oil, stirring well.
4. To serve, drizzle the squash with the pesto and scatter with the extra coriander leaves and pine nuts. To serve as a meall, toss in cooked pasta if you like.
Tata Power spokesperson did not comment on the reason why the unit tripped.
A large part of Mumbai and several suburbs, including large commercial areas such as Bandra Kurla Complex, Parel and Dadar, are suffering a power outage since about 10 am as a unit of Tata Power generating 500 megawatts tripped on Tuesday morning.
Advertising
The incident took place at 9.45 am at Tata Power's unit in Trombay after which the company switched off several of its feeders resulting in a power cut in areas such as Sion, Dadar, Mahim, Parel, Prabhadevi, Bandra Kurla Complex, Chembur, Tilak Nagar and Santacruz.
“This tripping has resulted in load reduction of Parel, Mahalaxmi, Dharavi and Chembur areas of Mumbai to control loading on 220 kv Kharghar-Nerul-Sonkar –Trombay tie line. We are working towards an early resolution and will ensure power supply to these areas at the earliest,” a Tata Power spokesperson said. The company, however, did not comment on the reason why the unit tripped.
Tata Power supplies electricity to some parts of Mumbai, as well as to the Brihanmumbai Electric Supply & Transport (BEST) undertaking, which distributes power to the island city. The BEST official said on the condition of anonymity that the 500 megawatt unit that has tripped used to supply about 250 megawatt power to BEST.
Advertising
According to Reliance Energy's statement on its twitter handle, “Due to tripping of Tata Power generating unit no. 5 of 500 megawatts, there is a constraint on Mumbai's transmission corridor. Due to this rational load shedding has been imposed by Tata Power in the areas of Chembur, Santacruz, Ghatkopar, Bandra, Kurla, Tilak Nagar, Vikhroli, Sakinaka and Juhu.”
S.F. police release video in artist's beating death
San Francisco Police released video on Monday for help finding a man suspected of beating a 74-year-old North Beach portrait artist who later died from their injuries.
On Dec. 5, San Francisco resident Stuart Jackson was standing at a bus stop on the corner of Van Ness Avenue and Market Street about 2 p.m. when they were suddenly assaulted by a young, muscular man, said Officer Albie Esparza, a police spokesperson.
During the unprovoked attack, Jackson fell and hit their head on the pavement. They were rushed to the hospital, but later died from their injuries, Esparza said.
Stu Jackson, North Beach artist & teacher succumbed to injuries from assault in #SanFrancisco recently. Such a loss. pic.twitter.com/eBeqmMzkTJ — The Dregs (@DeanVolker) December 14, 2015
An artist known to the community, Jackson liked to sketch in various bars and coffee shops in North Beach, their older brother Bob Jackson said.
Marc Dierkes, a friend of Jackson's, said they were a one-of-a-kind resident in the area.
“He was kind of a unique, local character and a lot of people were familiar with him,” Dierkes, 60, said in December. “I'm still sorting through it.”
Police are looking for a 25- to 35-year-old man man described as 6 feet tall, with a muscular build. In a video released by police, the alleged attacker is walking down a street wearing a black hat, black pants, a black long-sleeve shirt and a dark vest jacket.
Anyone with information on the incident can call the anonymous tip line at (415) 575-4444 or text tips to TIP411, beginning the message with SFPD.
Jenna Lyons is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. E-mail: jlyons@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @JennaJourno
Fed up gamers, game writers, and possibly some random people who just use their PlayStation to watch Netflix, are petitioning Sony for a better PlayStation Network. It's taken the form of an online petition and the Twitter hashtag #BetterPSN.
Let folks change usernames. Add new customization tools. Eliminate downtime. Enough excuses. We love PS. We want it to be better. #BetterPSN — Colin Moriarty (@notaxation) July 9, 2015
It's also being called PSN 2.0. Basically, people are upset that now, even though we're all paying for PlayStation Plus in order to play games online, the service itself still has too many issues and not enough features.
If you're reading this you likely own a PS4 (or older PlayStation console) and don't really need me to summarize all the many problems people encounter with everything from downtime to stability to weird, random bugs, to problems with uploading video and images, and so and so forth. For a premium service, it often feels rather second rate.
Here are the primary demands being made of Sony at this time at the PSN 2.0 website:
Online/offline (invisibility) status change
Enhanced user profile page showing favorite games, screenshots/recordings, game wishlist, deeper activity sections (game statistics)
Continuous trophy syncing
Significantly increased size of cloud storage for saves, as well as a family account feature set for saves (no need for sub accounts), auto-sync save files as they are modified
The idea itself began on NeoGaf, where you can read a much longer list of suggestions for improvements to the PSN, PlayStation Store and more.
The best selling current generation console has the worst network, and that really shouldn't be a thing. PS deserves better #BetterPSN — Sarobi (@Sarobi) July 9, 2015
Hopefully Sony listens---something the company has been pretty good at in recent years---and comes up with some concrete steps to make their network a better place. Unfortunately, these suggestions and complaints are really, really old news. People have been clamoring for a better PSN for years now and we're still waiting.
Will the hashtag have its intended effect? Is organization all we need to have our demands met? It certainly seems to be uniting gamers of all stripes at the moment. Even Xbox owners are happy to jump on the #BetterPSN train, since it gives them an opportunity to gloat about Xbox Live.
I'll be reaching out to Sony to see if anyone there would like to speak about the hashtag and the PlayStation Network, and what the company has planned on their end---if anything.
What would you like to see improved on the PlayStation Network? What would a PSN 2.0 look like to you?
This article is over 8 years old
Labour leadership contender says £5.8bn of £8bn to be raised from cuts and taxes will come from women
The Labour leadership contender Diane Abbott yesterday said the coalition government's budget would "bear most heavily" on women and the poor.
Abbott used a Commons debate to accuse the chancellor, George Osborne, of delivering an "unfair and aggressive" budget that would hit women through its package of welfare and public spending cuts.
The equalities minister, Lynne Featherstone, insisted the government's tax and spending plans were fair and included protection for the most vulnerable in society.
Abbott, the MP for Hackney North and Stoke Newington, said: "This is a budget, these are a package of public expenditure cuts, which will bear most heavily on the poorest, bear most heavily on women.
"George Osborne, our chancellor, has cut and frozen too many programmes which were aimed largely at women in one of the most unfair and regressive budgets that I have seen in 23 years in parliament.
"His decisions to freeze child benefit, scrap the child trust fund, stop Sure Start maternity grants, abolish the health in pregnancy grant, cap housing benefit and freeze public pay will all have a greater impact on women than men."
House of Commons library research had shown women would shoulder "the biggest burden of the cuts".
Abbott said that, of the £8bn to be raised from cuts and taxes, £5.8bn would come from women.
Featherstone sparked protests from Abbott and their colleagues on the Labour benches by criticising the impartial and respected House of Commons library.
They said: "I would say that the library findings were biased in their budget analysis – it was not robust ... it only included selected measures."
Abbott questioned whether it was in order to "impugn the professionalism and integrity" of the library staff.
Featherstone said: "No integrity was being impugned, but the Commons library research paper itself notes that it is not a detailed assessment based on individual tax and benefit data and therefore remains a rough and ready approximation."
They added: "We are absolutely committed to a fairer future for women and their families."
In a way, the high school reunion is as unashamedly American as apple pie and Chevrolet. Go on — ask your parents if they had one. I'd wager that the majority of them would say that they did, and in fact, they probably retain quite a few memories. Someone was shockingly large; someone was stunningly beautiful; someone had completely fallen off of the wagon. The high school reunion's primary allure was the possibility — nay, the probability — of a few shockers, coupled with the underlying desire to show up and impress the folks who ragged on you with devilish persistence back in the day. Seeing anyone, let alone someone you once spent a great deal of time with, after a decade of absence is sure to be an interesting occasion.
Unfortunately for this generation, such a spectacle is nearly impossible to still find.
Innocent beginnings
I wrapped up my high school examinations in 2003. Like most, I failed to express the proper amount of gratitude to my parents for refusing to be angered after being extorted for some hokey outfit that I was to wear once across a stage and never again. I remember being enthralled by the thought of never having to again pay dues to one or two particular instructors, while also dreading the thought of heading off to university while my girlfriend (now wife) hung back to finish their final year.
I was setting off to NC State with one of my best mates from high school, and I figured that my other pals wouldn't venture too far out of sight. Truthfully, I didn't give that aspect of it too much thought. After all, I'd be reacquainted with the lot of ‘em in 10 years if nothing else.
That, of course, never happened.
While I was getting situated in Raleigh, Mark Zuckerberg and co. were toiling away on what would one day become the planet's most well-known social network. In 2004, Facebook was only open to a select window of schools. After I arrived at college, I heard of a few friends signing up. A smaller school just down the road wasn't yet supported, and I vividly remember the hubbub surrounding a proposed inclusion date. When your school was admitted to Facebook, it was a deal.
Eventually, I caved and plugged in my @ncsu.edu email address, signed on, and began adding friends. It took some time to finally confirm a few misdirected souls who somehow ended up in Chapel Hill or Durham, but it didn't take long before every pal I ever truly cared about in high school was popping up in my feed.
Little did I know that the seeds for the reunion's destruction were already being sowed.
…and it feels so good….
8 years later, I received an email. It was a Facebook invitation to join a private group — my high school's Class of 2003 was fixing to reunite for one more night on the (small) town. Quite a lot of folks confirmed, actually. The goal was to get everyone's attention a solid year in advance, as to clear schedules and make travel plans.
It was going to be stellar. It was a high school reunion, man. We'd all gather back in our old stomping grounds, secretly judge each other, share tales of laughter and woe, and consider just how great those good old days really were.
The only problem? We'd all been doing that on a daily basis for the past decade.
For as wonderful as Facebook is at keeping us connected to souls we'd otherwise lose contact with, it also removes the allure of “catching up.” For friends who refresh the site as frequently as the majority of users, it's fairly easy to keep track of highlights from all of your friends' lives. Facebook has made it impossible to see a connected friend 10 years later and feel as if any time has passed. Some would argue that's a boon, but it single-handedly destroyed my high school reunion.
It's complicated
A month before the reunion was to occur, I received a note that I knew was coming. The whole thing was cancelled. Evidently, only a handful of folks had actually forked out money to help pay for the food and venue rental. Everyone else was satisfied with just keeping up via Facebook.
You could argue that there's no substitute for IRL meetings, but in the age of digital connectedness, one has to wonder if the traditional reunion has a place. After all, what would you talk about at such a gathering? Everything of note that any old friend could ever say, you'd already know. Even their looks wouldn't be news. You've seen them age, you've seen their children, and you've watched their career develop.
Au revoir, I suppose.
Heritage railway turntable at Goulburn back in action after train crash
Updated
A heritage railway turntable at Goulburn is spinning once more, after a derailed train caused massive damage to the 80-year-old structure in 2013.
The turntable had been out of commission for over two years, after a derailed train was pushed onto the turntable, spilling 90 tonnes of canola into its pit.
Dale Wake, president of the Goulburn Locomotive Roundhouse Preservation Society, said the crash caused extensive damage to the turntable.
"Some Queensland rail operator pushed a train in here that they shouldn't have," they said.
"There was probably 90 tonnes of canola in that pit at one stage.
"The lasting damage was that one third of the turntable, we couldn't use."
Despite a push to have the turntable restored, repair work did not begin until late last year.
"The funds were there … it was the regulators and whatnot that we had to persist with," Mr Wake said.
They said their society would now be able to operate the turntable to raise money.
"We can now create a bit more finance, through turning bits and pieces," Mr Wake said.
Open day brings out rail enthusiasts big and small
An open day held to celebrate the turntable's restoration was attended by train enthusiasts young and old.
Andrew Gordon said restoring vintage trains had been a passion of theirs for years.
"I've loved trains since I can remember … hauling a wooden carriage around on the ground," they said.
"It was just watching them all get scrapped."
Mr Gordon said they had restored several carriages with the help of their son William.
"You could buy them for a couple of hundred dollars, it was easy — and that was delivered," they said.
"If they knew you were going to preserve it, then there were no problems at all."
Young locomotive fan Xavier Alling said it was exciting to be able to explore old trains at the roundhouse.
"Going under them was really cool, to see all the brakes and all that, it was really cool," they said.
Their brother Caelan said they were excited to learn about how the trains worked.
"I pretty much like how all the pistons and things work, I find that cool," they said.
Topics: history, community-and-society, transport, goulburn-2580, nsw, canberra-2600, act, australia
First posted
Sir Patrick Stewart will be carrying the Olympic Flame when it arrives at St Andrew's School on Monday.
The actor is best known for their portrayal of Captain Jean-luc Picard in Star Trek: The Next Generation.
Sir Patrick, 72, is expected to arrive at the Warrington Road school with the torch, at about 12.50pm.
There will then be a break in the torch relay over lunch, before the flame leaves to continue its journey at about 2pm.
Sir Patrick has been praised for bridging the gap between Shakespearean theatre and contemporary film and television.
In 2001, they were given an OBE in the Queen's New Year's Honours list, and in 2010 they received a knighthood for their services to drama.
The Olympic torch's visit to St Andrew's is particularly exciting for staff and pupils, because the song Carry the Torch, which was sung at the start of the flame's 8,000-mile journey, was composed by Ian Rae - a teacher at the school.
Headteacher David Matthews said: "The students were already excited at the prospect of hosting the Olympic Flame and now they are even more thrilled such an illustrious celebrity will be bringing it to their school."
(CNN) For one, it was a health scare. For another, the words of a friend hit them in an instant. And for another, it was the loss of a dear relative.
Many ex-smokers can remember their last cigarette, and the moment when they decided to quit the habit for good.
On the occasion of Thursday's Great American Smokeout, an annual event sponsored by the American Cancer Society, here's a look at nine former smokers and the moment they decided it was time to say goodbye.
Kara Wethington's 66-year-old grandmother had just died. Wethington took one final drag on a cigarette.
It was 2000, and they decided this would be their last smoke.
"I was shocked because this woman was an ox who smoked four packs of Pall Mall cigarettes a day and worked full time as a nurse," said the Los Angeles resident, who was 23 at the time.
"I always felt safe that this bloodline relative could smoke like a chimney and still be OK all these years later. They looked 100 but acted 60."
But, "the reality of it is that they fell ill with pneumonia and their lungs couldn't support them any longer."
As they finished their last cigarette, Wethington reflected on how they got there.
"I loved smoking. The social aspect of it, the taste of it, the way it made me feel -- everything about it was romantic to me."
But the death of their grandmother was the "straw that broke the camel's back" soon after Wethington themselves was diagnosed with an aggressive form of strep throat, and they haven't looked back for 13 years.
"I've had smoking dreams that felt so intimately real that the line of reality and fantasy blurred out my memory. I know I didn't smoke but sometimes those dreams feel really good and sometimes with real regret."
Lisa Gonsalves' last cigarette is a blur compared to the "health perfect storm" they were hit with in 2005.
At first, it seemed like a winter flu, but as the new year came, they found they couldn't breathe unless they sat in a chair.
They were almost too late to be treated.
"I ended up in the hospital for 12 days with two chest tubes and the potential of having my chest cracked open just to get the 'gunk' out of my chest. I was lucky to get back to health and avoid surgery. My recovery was long and tedious."
Them husband had never seen them so sick. "The look of panic and helplessness convinced me that I had to stop."
Like many former smokers, it was the last of many potential turning points for the Los Angeles health care consultant, who started smoking as a teenager to fit in.
Lisa Gonsalves' "perfect storm" of a health scare convinced them to quit smoking.
The first was having a baby, the second and third moments were their mother's stroke (at age 50) and grandmother's heart attack.
"It took me a while to realize I was a stress and social smoker," they said.
"Pressure from work and going out to happy hours fueled my habit, but smoking made me feel better for just a moment. What is worse is that I knew better. I worked in health care and saw the effects of long-term smoking."
"I can't say that I don't crave it - especially when I am stressed out. I do have to constantly remind myself of the pain and the feeling of drowning because I couldn't breathe to keep me from running out and getting a pack. It is a very mental game I play every day but I get stronger and stronger every day without a cigarette."
When Bob Miller smoked their last cigarette, they knew right away that this was it. The words from one of their friends "hit me like a ton of bricks."
After a gradual process of trying to quit in 2006, they said, "You know, Bob, there never is a good day to quit smoking, is there?"
The Easley, South Carolina, assembly instructor admits, "There are still times when I think that I would like a smoke but there is no way that I will do it. ... I do feel better and definitely smell better."
Ash Li looks back on this 1990 photo of themselves smoking and laughs. After smoking two packs a day for seven years, they quit in 1992.
Ash Li (the iReporter did not want their last name revealed) of Springfield, Tennessee, smoked their final cigarette as soon as they learned that airlines were banning it. A frequent flier, they couldn't bear to remain addicted while flying, and knew they were unable to do anything about it.
So on July 9, 1992, after seven years of smoking two packs a day, they quit for good.
"I have not had a cigarette since that day, but when someone lights up near me I take a deep breath," they said.
"That first puff of smoke off a cigarette still gets me, but then everything afterwards repels me. I am the worst ex-smoker, I can't stand to be around anyone who smokes or has smoked nor get into an enclosed space with a smoker."
They were very concerned when their daughter took up smoking, afraid they would fall into the same habits.
But as we reported this story, they had good news to share.
"I am elated to report that my daughter has quit smoking and using the new electronic vapor cigarettes that are out there.  They are not coughing as much as they used to and their voice is clearer. I really hope that these vapor cigarette products do not create any health hazards that have not been discovered yet. In the meantime I encourage them to stick with the vapor and stay away from the cancer sticks."
Pizza parlor owner Paul Tamasi created this pizza to celebrate the fact that they quit smoking in 1985
Pizza restaurant owner Paul Tamasi makes themed pies to show how they feel about a certain topic. They recently made one with a "no smoking" symbol to remind themselves of February 14, 1985.
On that Valentine's Day, Tamasi tossed their final cigarette into a barrel. They were quitting a habit of smoking two packs a day for 20 years, going back to age 13.
"I was positive and determined that this would be my last cigarette," they said.
"I would buy two packs a day and sometimes run out. Then I would bum some from my co-worker. One day, I asked to bum a cigarette from them and they said to me, 'Why don't you just buy more cigarettes?' That's when I really realized that I had a serious problem. I said to myself, that's it, I have to do something about this."
So why Valentine's Day?
"I picked this day because I knew if I succeeded I would always be able to remember the day I stopped smoking," the Belvidere, Vermont, resident explained.
They felt a weight lifted off their shoulders and still feels that way 28 years later.
"When I was smoking and played sports my chest felt like it was going to cave in and it was hard to breathe. Now I don't get that bad feeling because I don't smoke anymore. Needless to say, I have a lot more money in my pocket than I would if I had to pay the high price of what cigarettes cost."
Them final cigarette was one they saw coming, and Linda Parker was ready to take the dive.
After a three week course sponsored by the American Lung Association, they had to give up their cigarettes and them lighter.
They took that final smoke, then moved on to cinnamon hearts, jawbreakers and the like to fulfill the need for the hot cigarette sensation.
They were determined to do it, though, after their mother received their sixth pacemaker and their father was diagnosed with prostate cancer. Them son had been diagnosed with Legg-Calvé-Perthes Disease, which affects the hips. Doctors told them it may have come from them smoking.
"My first two weeks (not smoking) were easy but then on the third week, I felt like I was going to die. I hadn't slept much, wasn't dreaming, was super irritable and ate like a pig."
That was 20 years ago. Yet they continued to struggle for many of those years.
"It took me years to stop dreaming about having a cigarette and sometimes I would wake up and not be sure if I had smoked," they said.
"Luckily, I have never had another cigarette, not even a puff."
The retired Flossmoor, Illinois, resident told themselves they could return to smoking at age 65. Yet Parker just turned 65 this months.
"It was too difficult to quit and the damage smoking does isn't worth the pleasure it provides."
The ability to reflect on one's own mental processes, termed metacognition, is a defining feature of human existence 1, 2. Consequently, a fundamental question in comparative cognition is whether nonhuman animals have knowledge of their own cognitive states [3]. Recent evidence suggests that people and nonhuman primates 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 but not less “cognitively sophisticated” species 3, 9, 10 are capable of metacognition. Here, we demonstrate for the first time that rats are capable of metacognition—i.e., they know when they do not know the answer in a duration-discrimination test. Before taking the duration test, rats were given the opportunity to decline the test. On other trials, they were not given the option to decline the test. Accurate performance on the duration test yielded a large reward, whereas inaccurate performance resulted in no reward. Declining a test yielded a small but guaranteed reward. If rats possess knowledge regarding whether they know the answer to the test, they would be expected to decline most frequently on difficult tests and show the lowest accuracy on difficult tests that cannot be declined [4]. Our data provide evidence for both predictions and suggest that a nonprimate has knowledge of its own cognitive state.
In 1964, Roald Dahl published their third book, Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. The book is a tale of a poor child, Charlie Bucket, who lucks into (quite literally) a golden ticket, one which entitles them (and their Grandpa Joe) entry into Willy Wonka's famous chocolate factory. Four other children also find golden tickets and join Charlie on the tour.
One by one, each child (other than Charlie) befalls an odd fate. The obese Augustus Gloop, unable to control their love of chocolate, falls into a river of chocolate and is sucked into a pipe — to be made into fudge. Another, compulsive gum chewer Violet Beauregarde, turns into an ever-expanding human blueberry, filling with blueberry juice. A third, the bratty Veruca Salt, was systematically determined to be a “bad egg” (in the movie, literally) and sent off to the furnace. The fourth, television addict (and aptly named) Mike Teevee, shrinks themselves in a television transportation device. All but Charlie avoid horrific accident. And all but Charlie are, on their way out, serenaded. Wonka's pygmy-like servants, the Oompa-Loompas, gleefully marked the occasion of the child's fall from grace with a song and dance.
Miranda Piker — the straight-laced daughter of a school principal — was child number six. Them story did not make the final version of the book. In Dahl's original draft, Wonka develops a candy which makes the child break out in spots — a fake illness designed to get the child out of a day of school. Piker objects and they and their schoolmaster father storm the room in which the candy is being made. Something explodes and and Piker and their father, per Wonka, are turned into a necessary part of the recipe: “We've got to use one or two schoolmasters occasionally or it wouldn't work.”
Piker's story was cut as the book publishers believed it to be too gruesome for young audiences. But a few years ago, The Times (UK) obtained and printed the excerpt, replete with the Oompa-Loompa's song, which can be found here (behind a paywall, though).
Bonus fact : The actor who played Charlie in Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory is named Peter Ostrum. It is Ostrum's only movie. They turned down the opportunity to reprise the role in the second book in the Charlie Bucket saga (and a third, which was never written.) Later in life, Ostrum became a large animal veterinarian, a profession they still practice today.
From the Archives: The Nazis' Chocolate Bomb: Horrific chocolate redux.
Related: Dahl's first book, The Gremlins (the book is unrelated to the 1984 movie Gremlins), is mostly unknown. Available for about $11, it has 4.5 stars on 12 Amazon reviews. Only one is negative (“lacks Dahl magic”). The book was originally commissioned by Walt Disney, as a promotional device for a full-length feature film. The movie was never made.
Even beyond natural disasters, residents of Charlottesville, Charlotte, Baltimore, and elsewhere have suffered from America's increasing propensity for riots, looting, and property destruction.
In Houston, as in New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina, looting follows as floodwaters recede. Homeowners already ravaged by Hurricane Harvey are finding themselves ravaged yet again by thugs and looters. Nor is Harvey the only hazard. As we approach the height of hurricane season, Hurricane Irma threatens the Caribbean and, potentially, our Atlantic coast.
As you probably know, you may legally defend yourself using deadly force if you or your family faces a reasonable fear of imminent death or great bodily harm. And with rare exceptions, lawful citizens may keep defensive firearms in the home.
But can authorities legally confiscate your firearms during an emergency as they did in New Orleans after Katrina? What about using deadly force to protect property? Most important, can you legally carry firearms to protect your family if forced to evacuate?
For North Carolinians, until recently, the answer to the last question was "no." Until 2012, the State prohibited carrying "dangerous substances" – including firearms and ammunition – outside the home during declared states of emergency.
Although the prohibition probably resulted from racial disorder in the 1960s, nothing in statutes differentiated between civil insurrection and natural disasters. Indeed, the law drew attention in February of 2010, when King, N.C. declared a state of emergency in advance of a pending winter storm and proceeded to post signs prohibiting guns throughout the town.
In September 2010, Governor Beverly Perdue issued a statewide state of emergency in advance of Hurricane Earl on the opening day of dove season, making criminals out of thousands of hunters. Although Perdue responded to Grass Roots North Carolina alerts by attempting to "clarify" their executive order, claiming that it permitted lawful use of firearms, in truth, nothing in the statutes empowered them to enact only part of the law.
Just weeks prior, GRNC and the Second Amendment Foundation had filed litigation in the case Bateman v. Perdue, arguing that the state's blanket prohibition on carrying arms outside the home during states of emergency violated the Second Amendment. Our counsel was the brilliant Alan Gura of D.C. v. Heller and McDonald v. Chicago fame.
The bad news is that we won. On March 31, 2011, Judge Malcolm Howard of the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of North Carolina ruled North Carolina's state of emergency gun ban unconstitutional under the Second Amendment. Our victory was bad news because North Carolina chose not to appeal, meaning that the case Gura planned to use to further expand the U.S. Supreme Court interpretation of the individual right to bear arms never went to the High Court.
The good news is that the following year, we repealed the unconstitutional gun ban, making it legal to carry firearms for self-protection outside the home during states of emergency. (Important caveat: Unlike in Virginia, where demonstrators in Charlottesville legally carried firearms, you may not carry firearms at any picket line or political demonstration in North Carolina.)
So what about using deadly force to defend your property against looters? Here Texas has it over North Carolina. Texas Penal Code §9.42 reportedly allows use of deadly force to defend property under at least some limited circumstances. We should note, however, that North Carolina's Castle Doctrine law does create a rebuttable legal presumption that you face a "reasonable fear of imminent death or great bodily harm" if someone "forcibly and unlawfully" enters your home, your motor vehicle, or your workplace. Those parameters are the legal prerequisites for use of deadly force in self-defense.
What about the horrific confiscation of guns from homeowners during Katrina? Happily, the federal "Disaster Recovery Personal Protection Act," prohibiting Katrina-style confiscations, became law as the Vitter Amendment to the 2007 Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act after being signed by President George W. Bush. Additionally, says the NRA-ILA, "[t]oday, most states, including Louisiana, have laws prohibiting the seizure or confiscation of lawfully-owned firearms and ammunition during a declared state of emergency." North Carolina does not have such a law.
With twenty-three years as a gun rights leader, F. Paul Valone is president of Grass Roots North Carolina and executive director of Rights Watch International. You can reach them via their website at www.GunsPoliticsAndFreedom.com.
KILLER'S KISS (1955) One sheet poster
Fonts used: Cheltenham, Futura, Trade Gothic
THE KILLING (1956) One sheet poster
Hand-lettered movie title, Franklin Gothic, Trade Gothic
PATHS OF GLORY (1957) One sheet poster
Hand-lettered movie title, Futura, ?
SPARTACUS (1960) One sheet poster, international roadshow style
Hand-lettered movie title, Alternate Gothic, Trade Gothic
LOLITA (1962) One sheet poster
Fonts used: Akzidenz-Grotesk, Trade Gothic
DR. STRANGELOVE (1964) One sheet poster
Fonts used: Standard, Century, Trade Gothic
2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY (1968) One sheet poster
Fonts used: Futura, Trade Gothic
2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY (1968) One sheet poster, psychedelic eye/starchild style
Gill Sans
A CLOCKWORK ORANGE (1971) One sheet poster
Hand-lettered movie title, Venus, News Gothic
BARRY LYNDON (1975) One sheet poster
Hand-lettered movie title
THE SHINING (1980) One sheet poster
Hand-lettered movie title (by Saul Bass), Univers
FULL METAL JACKET (1987) Advance one sheet poster
Hand-lettered movie title, Eras, Univers, News Gothic
EYES WIDE SHUT (1999) One sheet poster
Futura, Bee Three
Listed above: all typography and lettering from Kubrick's movie posters (click on the ‘thumbnails for the one sheet poster). Listed below: all on-screen typography and lettering from Kubrick's movies (click on the ‘thumbnails for the title sequences, closing credits, trailers).
Stanley Kubrick's typography
Ever since the Guardian published this article about the Kubrick archive in 2004 it's become common knowledge that Stanley Kubrick was a Futura fan.
“It's Futura Extra Bold,” explains Tony. “It was Stanley's favourite typeface. It's sans serif. They liked Helvetica and Univers, too. Clean and elegant.”
“Is this the kind of thing you and Kubrick used to discuss?” I ask.
“God, yes,” says Tony. “Sometimes late into the night. I was always trying to persuade them to turn away from them. But they were wedded to their sans serifs.”
But did they use it often? Every time I added one of Kubrick's movies to this collection of on-screen typography from all their films I asked myself this question. Time to figure it out.
The statistics below are based one the typography of the main posters (only one sheet posters), opening/closing credits and trailers. Futura is used twice as primary typeface, three times as secondary typeface on posters, only once for a title sequence and twice for a trailer.
Conclusion: Kubrick didn't use their favorite font very often.
STATISTICS
All typefaces used on posters, in movies and trailers.
FEAR AND DESIRE (1953)
Hand-lettering (movie)
(1953) Hand-lettering (movie) KILLER'S KISS (1955)
Cheltenham, Futura Trade Gothic (poster) hand-lettering (movie)
(1955) Cheltenham, Trade Gothic (poster) hand-lettering (movie) THE KILLING (1956)
Hand-lettered movie title, Franklin Gothic, Trade Gothic (poster) hand-lettering (movie, trailer)
(1956) Hand-lettered movie title, Franklin Gothic, Trade Gothic (poster) hand-lettering (movie, trailer) PATHS OF GLORY (1957)
Hand-lettered movie title, Futura (poster), hand-lettering (movie), Venus (trailer)
(1957) Hand-lettered movie title, (poster), hand-lettering (movie), Venus (trailer) SPARTACUS (1960)
Hand-lettered movie title, Alternate Gothic, Trade Gothic (poster), Clarendon
(1960) Hand-lettered movie title, Alternate Gothic, Trade Gothic (poster), Clarendon LOLITA (1962)
Akzidenz-Grotesk, Trade Gothic (poster), Perpetua. Trailer: ?, Venus
(1962) Akzidenz-Grotesk, Trade Gothic (poster), Perpetua. Trailer: ?, Venus DR. STRANGELOVE (1964)
Alternate Gothic, Century, Trade Gothic (poster), hand-lettering (movie), Grotesque, Futura (trailer)
(1964) Alternate Gothic, Century, Trade Gothic (poster), hand-lettering (movie), Grotesque, (trailer) 2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY (1968)
Poster: Futura Trade Gothic, Gill Sans
On-screen typography: Gill Sans
(1968) Poster: Trade Gothic, Gill Sans On-screen typography: Gill Sans A CLOCKWORK ORANGE (1971)
Poster: Hand-lettered movie title, Venus, News Gothic
On-screen typography: x
(1971) Poster: Hand-lettered movie title, Venus, News Gothic On-screen typography: x BARRY LYNDON (1975)
Handlettering (poster, opening credits), Cheltenham (closing credits)
(1975) Handlettering (poster, opening credits), Cheltenham (closing credits) THE SHINING (1980)
Handlettering, Univers (poster), Helvetica (movie), Futura (trailer)
(1980) Handlettering, Univers (poster), Helvetica (movie), (trailer) FULL METAL JACKET (1987)
Hand-lettered movie title, Eras, Univers, News Gothic (poster) Eras (movie), handlettering, Univers (trailer)
(1987) Hand-lettered movie title, Eras, Univers, News Gothic (poster) Eras (movie), handlettering, Univers (trailer) EYES WIDE SHUT (1999)
Futura Bee Three (poster), Futura (movie, trailer)
FEAR AND DESIRE (1953)
Movie: hand-lettered title. Trailer: –
KILLER'S KISS (1955)
Movie: hand-lettered title. Trailer: –
THE KILLING (1956)
Movie: hand-lettered title. Trailer: hand-lettered.
PATHS OF GLORY (1957)
Movie: hand-lettering. Trailer: hand-lettering, Venus.
SPARTACUS (1960)
Movie: Clarendon. Trailer: hand-lettering, Clarendon. Franklin Gothic.
LOLITA (1962)
Movie: ± Perpetua. Trailer: ?, Venus.
DR. STRANGELOVE (1964)
Movie: hand-lettering. Trailer: Grotesque, Futura.
2001: A SPACE ODYSSEY (1968)
Movie: Gill Sans. Trailer: Futura (closing credits, trailer).
A CLOCKWORK ORANGE (1971)
Fonts used: Standard
BARRY LYNDON (1975)
Handlettering (opening credits), Cheltenham (closing credits)
THE SHINING (1980)
Helvetica (movie), Futura (trailer)
FULL METAL JACKET (1987)
Eras (movie), handlettering, Univers (trailer)
Download the full report here.
Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani abdicated as the emir of Qatar in June of 2013, making their son Tamim the youngest ruler in the Arab world.[1] Hamad's reign was characterized by persistent negligence toward local U.S.-designated funders of al-Qaeda, but some American officials have expressed hope that Emir Tamim would turn over a new leaf in Qatar's approach to tackling terror finance.[2] Three years into Tamim's new regime, however, its record is still conspicuously incomplete.
It is particularly vital to evaluate Qatar's record on terror finance in light of the Nusra Front's July 2016 decision to rebrand itself as Jabhat Fateh al-Sham (JFS), which purports to have “no relationship with any foreign party.”[3] According to sources cited by Reuters, Qatar led an effort starting in 2015 to bolster the Syrian opposition by persuading Nusra to distance itself from al-Qaeda.[4] Reuters reported that intelligence officials from Qatar and other Gulf states met several times with Nusra's leader around this period to suggest that their group could receive money, arms, and supplies after stepping away from al-Qaeda.[5] Yet the more JFS legitimates itself by integrating into the broader Syrian opposition, the greater the risk of a permanent al-Qaeda army on Europe's doorstep.[6]
This report is Part Two of a three-part series on Qatar's record dealing with terrorist finance and its practitioners. Part One outlined Doha's dismal record at punishing funders of terror throughout Emir Hamad's reign.[7] This document evaluates the publicly available evidence on Qatar's record since then, focusing primarily on individuals sanctioned by the U.S. Treasury Department in 2014 and 2015. All of these sanctions were imposed after Qatar agreed in September 2014, as part of a U.S.-led initiative called the Jeddah Communiqué, to bring terror financiers to justice.[8] The cases should therefore be seen as a measuring stick for recent Qatari conduct.
Based on these cases, there is no persuasive proof that Qatar has stopped letting certain terror financiers off the hook. Indeed, it is impossible to identify even a single specific instance of Qatar charging, convicting, and jailing a U.S.- or UN-designated individual. Officials at Qatar's Embassy in Washington and its Government Communications Office in Doha declined to respond to repeated requests to identify any such example in time for a deadline for this report.
According to Washington, Qatar has finally pressed charges against some terror financiers, but those individuals have yet to be identified by name.[9] Meanwhile, America's top official for combating terror finance recently revealed that the funders of certain terrorist groups still enjoy legal impunity there.[10] Nusra/JFS appears to be foremost among them.
It isn't every day that so much hype surrounds the launch of a bird book. I have to admit that I was somewhat unsure of what to expect as the release date approached; nothing leads to more disappoint than when something gets overhyped. In this case, the buzz around Richard Crossley's The Crossley ID Guide: Eastern Birds turned out to be well earned in my opinion.
Probably the first everyone notices upon picking up this book is that it is huge. This was never meant to be a field guide. Crossley mentions their experience in British birding culture, where taking a guide into the field is looked down on. This book was intended to sit down and study before going out into the field. Each plate is packed with information, but you won't find it in the text. Crossley starts off their introduction by declaring, “I don't like text.” Instead, the important information on the birds is all in the carefully stitched together photographs- behavior, habitat and posture are all depicted in a way that has not been possible before. However, Crossley does not completely eschew text; the descriptive paragraphs at the bottom of the plates are full of character.
One important question that comes up when a new guide comes out is- who will benefit from this guide? I held up on writing this review for a little because I wanted to gauge the reactions from a broader group of birders. The feedback has been overwhelmingly positive. Everyone that has flipped though the book seems to quickly catch on to the benefits of a layout like this. Several of the people I have shown this book to immediately went out and bought their own copy. This positive response has included the whole range of birders: from intense everyday birders to casual bird feeder watchers to researchers who don't consider themselves birders at all. Everyone seems to get the point of the book immediately.
I think that the Crossley ID Guide will make birding more accessible and lessen the learning curve for many people because they can page through the book and see what birds look like in their natural environments under many different conditions. People new to birding will really be able to study birds before they see them and understand more than just what colors to look for.
Nemesis Bird says: Get this guide, you won't be taking it out into the field but you'll find it hard not to page through it each time you pick it up. There are a lot of good ID tidbits to find in the text and always something new to learn from the plates.
Disclaimer: I received a complimentary copy of this book from Princeton University Press.
Main Applets
Graph Searching
Search is an important part of AI; many problems can be cast as the problem of finding a path in a graph. This graph-searching applet is designed to help you learn about different search strategies.
[ Help ] [ Bugs & Enhancements ]
Consistency Based CSP Solver
Constraint satisfaction problems (CSPs) are pervasive in AI problems. A constraint satisfaction problem is the problem of assigning values to variables that satisfy some constraints. This applet lets you investigate arc consistency and domain splitting with backtracking as ways to solve these problems.
[ Help ] [ Bugs & Enhancements ]
Stochastic Local Search Based CSP Solver
This applet is designed to help you learn another strategy for solving CSPs. This applet demonstrates stochastic local search (various mixes of hill climbing and random moves) that walks through the space of total assignments trying to find an assignment with minimal error.
[ Help ] [ Bugs & Enhancements ]
Definite Clause Deduction
Every representation and reasoning system needs a proof procedure in order to be complete. The purpose of this applet is to illustrate how the process of answer extraction within a knowledge base can be cast as a search problem. The deduction applet uses a language similar to Prolog and demonstrates its goal solving procedures.
[ Help ] [ Bugs & Enhancements ]
Belief and Decision Networks
Belief networks (also called Bayesian networks or causal networks) are a representation for independence amongst random variables for probabilistic reasoning under uncertainty. The purpose of this applet is to illustrate how probabilities are updated given new evidence in a belief network, and shows the details of how the variable elimination algorithm works.
[ Help ] [ Bugs & Enhancements ]
Decision Trees
Learning is the ability to improve one's behaviour based on experience and represents an important element of computational intelligence. Decision trees are a simple yet successful technique for supervised classification learning. This applet demonstrates how to build a decision tree using a training data set and then use the tree to classify unseen examples in a test data set.
[ Help ] [ Bugs & Enhancements ]
Neural Networks
Inspired by neurons and their connections in the brain, neural networks are a representation used in machine learning. After running the back-propagation learning algorithm on a given set of examples, the neural network can be used to predict outcomes for any set of input values.
[ Help ] [ Bugs & Enhancements ]
Marriage Strike!
The general male population is going on a massive "Marriage Strike!" A recent paper from Rutgers University going by the title "Why Men Won't Commit" found ten significant reasons why men are avoiding formal marriage while substituting it with cohabiting. Three of these reasons stand out amongst the ten. They are:
1. They can obtain sex without having to get married,
2. They can enjoy "a wife" through cohabitation,
and a now emerging as the major "unspoken reason" for doing this:
3. They want to avoid divorce and its financial risks.
Of these three reasons, the third one stands out as being the most significant. Recent evidence coming over the internet is revealing the reasons--most often heard are that non-marrying men are in serious fear of financial devastation often encountered in divorce, and of losing meaningful contact with children afterward. The Rutgers report states: "Many men also fear the financial consequences of divorce. They say that their financial assets are better protected if they cohabit rather than marry. They fear that an ex-wife will 'take you for all you've got' and that 'men have more to lose financially than women' from a divorce."
Matthew Weeks in their recent article "The Marriage Strike" says similar things, "If we accept the old feminist argument that marriage is slavery for women, then it is undeniable that--given the current state of the nation's family courts---divorce is slavery for men." According to Weeks' math, one in two marriages will fail [the national statistic is one in seven fail, ending in divorce] with the wife being twice as likely to initiate the proceedings on grounds of "general discontent"--the minimum requirement of no-fault divorce. The odds of the women receiving custody of children are overwhelming, with many fathers effectively being denied visitation. The wife usually keeps the "family" assets and, perhaps, receives alimony as well as child support. Many men confront continuing poverty to pay for the former marriage. Weeks conclusion: "Over five million divorced men in America are currently experiencing the situation I just outlined. Without a doubt, their stories and experiences are heard by unmarried men. Can anyone truly blame the men for having apprehension?" In their article Weeks uses a new term which is catching on--"The Marriage Strike." While most of the men who go "on strike" are probably doing it very quietly, others are making a loud political statement. The Joint Parenting Association declares " An international 'marriage strike' by men is set to continue indefinitely until Family Law is reformed to recognize that fathers love their children too ."
Here are some scary statistics, which go from the year 1960 to the year 2000:
The number of marriages per 1,000 unmarried women from age 15-plus has declined from 73.5 to 46.5 (cut in half!).
The number of divorces per 1,000 unmarried women age 15-plus has risen from 9.2 to 18.9 (doubled!).
What we see by these figures is that the number of women remaining single instead of choosing marriage has grown significantly, as should be expected with greater numbers of couples choosing cohabitation over conventional marriage. (i.e. couples choosing cohabitation show up on statistics as single adults.) Also included in this group are women who choose to remain childless or raise children by themselves (a devastating situation for children).
The number of births per 1,000 women age 15-44 has declined from 118.0 to 67.5 (cut in half!).
The percentage of live births to unmarried women rose from 5.3 to 33.2 (600 percent rise in unwed births!).
The percentage of children under 18 living with a single parent rose from 9 to 27 (300 percent rise in single-parent families!).
How should we interpret this information? It is becoming painfully obvious that the steep rise in cohabitation has caused the devastation we find occurring within marriages and families. The number of unmarried adults cohabiting with the opposite sex has skyrocketed from 439,000 in 1960 to 4,736,000 in 2000 (a whopping 1000 percent rise!). But before blaming cohabitation for all these nasty statistics, let's take a more careful look at the motives behind it. Let's try to get to the bottom of what's going on here. Why do people choose this family-devastating alternative?
Who wins in the cohabiting situation during a break-up? The answer, the man. They can walk away almost scot-free, retain their assets, visitation rights if there are children, and only faces child support at best. The "marriage strike" reverses the tables and all the negatives brought on by the current unfair bias by Family Courts and the feminist movement--it reverses the tables on women--but sadly, not the women who deserve the consequences, those who have financially enslaved over 5 million divorced men. Realize, it is Family Courts and these feminist women who are directly responsible for having set a counter-movement rolling in direct reaction to these injustices which have been wrought on five million American men. The men are fighting back in the only way they can--and all women and the very future of the family in America and the British countries are at stake and suffering as a direct result. Family life in this "modern society" we find ourselves living in is crumbling as a direct result. The men are only reacting to a clear and present evil in the legal system. But cohabiting hurts women and children, not the men. The statistics show this, they don't lie. Sex outside of marriage hurts women and children far more than men. But this situation will not come under control until women--married women--are no longer allowed to put men into financial-legal slavery. Isn't it time for a truce? Isn't it time both men and women learned how to make marriage work? Women devastating men financially and legally/Men going on "Marriage Strike" which denies women all legal rights--both of these actions fail to correct the fundamental problem--and instead both actions are destroying the very fabric and building block of our society and nation--the American (and yes, British) family unit.
The next question we should ask ourselves, and this is important folks: Who has fallen down in providing the answers to this problem and a dynamic example of the way marriage ought to be? Who has failed to show a way out of this devastating quandary, this marital quagmire, this stalemate we're increasingly finding ourselves in? The answer: The Christian church. Isn't that amazing? You would think the Christian church in America would have the answer, and that it would be dynamically applying it, showing the way out of this nasty problem that is inflicting huge woes on our society. But sadly the same high divorce rates and broken homes are reflected in Christian families throughout the United States (and yes, Commonwealth countries was well ). If you are a Christian, you owe it to the whole non-Christian community you live in to actively know how to have a happy, fulfilling marriage--one bubbling over in happiness. Now let's get personal. Do you? Is your marriage happy and fulfilling, bubbling over in happiness--the kind that makes your neighbors look over at you in envy, wishing it were so in their marriages? God is not going to judge the non-Christian community so much for their ignorance and misguided reactions in the current marital situation. They truly don't know any better, they don't use or believe in the Bible with all it's wisdom, the wisdom of the Eternal God who designed and created man and woman. Besides, they're already being judged and penalized by the fruit of their actions. No, God is going to judge those who should have known better, those who have direct access to the solution to this nasty problem. Ask yourself, can your next-door neighbor look at you and your spouse and see a marriage bubbling over in happiness and contentment--and be somewhat envious? If not, you need to do something about it right now. You are in obvious ignorance on the fundamental knowledge of how to have and promote a happy marriage. God doesn't view this as an option for the Christian couple, but an obligation we have to set a proper example to our non-Christian neighbors in the communities we live in. So if your answer to that question is "No" or "I'm not sure that my marriage is all that happy", log onto the link below and learn the ABC's of having a happy, fulfilled marriage, a marriage that will bubble over in happiness and contentment. Just click on: http://www.UNITYINCHRIST.COM/christiangrowth/HisNeeds_HerNeeds.htm and apply the wisdom of God's Word to your own marriage. The editor.
And it will only make the F-35 even better.
As a fifth-generation stealth fighter, the F-22 is specifically engineered for air supremacy and air dominance missions, meaning its radar-evading technology is designed to elude and destroy enemy air defenses. The aircraft is also configured to function as the world's premier air-to-air fighter able to “dogfight” and readily destroy enemy aircraft.
“Air superiority, using stealth characteristics is our primary role. The air dominance mission is what we will always do first. Once we are comfortable operating in that battlespace, our airmen are going to find ways to contribute,” Col. Larry Broadwell, the Commander of the 1st Operations Group at Joint Base Langley-Eustis, Virginia, told Scout Warrior in a special pilot interview.
The F-22's command and control sensors and avionics help other coalition aircraft identify and destroy targets. While some of the aircraft's technologies are not “publically discussable,” Broadwell did say that the F-22's active and passive sensors allow it to function as an “aerial quarterback” allowing the mission to unfold.
For example, drawing upon information from a ground-based command and control center or nearby surveillance plane – such as a Joint Surveillance and Target Attack Radar System – the F-22 can receive information or target coordinates from nearby drones, Broadwell explained.
At the moment, targeting information from drones is relayed from the ground station back up to an F-22. However, computer algorithms and technology is fast evolving such that aircraft like an F-22s will soon be able to quickly view drone video feeds in the cockpit without needing a ground station -- and eventually be able to control nearby drones from the air. These developments were highlighted in a special Scout Warrior interview with Air Force Chief Scientist Greg Zacharias.
Zacharias explained that fifth generation fighters such as the F-35 and F-22 are quickly approaching an ability to command-and-control nearby drones from the air. This would allow unmanned systems to deliver payload, test enemy air defenses and potentially extend the reach of ISR misisons.
“Because of its sensors, the F-22 is uniquely able to improve the battlefield awareness - not just for airborne F-22s but the other platforms that are airborne as well,” they said. The Raptor has an F-22-specific data link to share information with other F-22s and also has the ability to use a known data link called LINK 16 which enables it to communicate with other aircraft in the coalition, Broadwell explained in an interview last year.
Newer F-22s have a technology called Synthetic Aperture Radar, or SAR, which uses electromagnetic signals or “pings” to deliver a picture or rendering of the terrain below, allow for better target identification.
The SAR technology sends a ping to the ground and then analyzes the return signal to calculate the contours, distance and characteristics of the ground below.
“The addition of SAR mapping has certainly enhanced our air-to-ground capability. Previously, we would have to take off with pre-determined target coordinates. Now, we have an ability to more dynamically use the SAR to pinpoint a target while airborne,” Broadwell added.
“The F-35 is needed because it is to global precision attack what the F-22 is to air superiority,” they added. “These two aircraft were built to work together in concert. It is unfortunate that we have so few F-22s. We are going to ask the F-35 to contribute to the air superiority mission,” they said.
Overall, the Air Force operates somewhere between 80 and 100 F-22s. Dave Majumdar, defense editor here at TNI, writes that many would like to see more F-22s added to the Air Force arsenal . For instance, some members of Congress, such as Rep. Randy Forbes, R-Va., have requested that more F-22s be built, given its technological superiority.
Citing budget concerns, Air Force officials have said it is unlikely the service will want to build new F-22s, however an incoming Trump administration could possibly want to change that.
F-22 Technologies:
The F-22 is known for a range of technologies including an ability called “super cruise” which enables the fighter to reach speeds of Mach 1.5 without needing to turn on its after burners.
“The F-22 engines produce more thrust than any current fighter engine. The combination of sleek aerodynamic design and increased thrust allows the F-22 to cruise at supersonic airspeeds. Super Cruise greatly expands the F-22's operating envelope in both speed and range over current fighters, which must use fuel-consuming afterburner to operate at supersonic speeds,” Broadwell explained.
The fighter jet fires a 20mm cannon and has the ability to carry and fire all the air-to-air and air-to-ground weapons including precision-guided ground bombs, such Joint Direct Attack Munitions called the GBU 32 and GBU 39, Broadwell explained. In the air-to-air configuration the Raptor carries six AIM-120 AMRAAMs and two AIM-9 Sidewinders, they added.
“The F-22 possesses a sophisticated sensor suite allowing the pilot to track, identify, shoot and kill air-to-air threats before being detected. Significant advances in cockpit design and sensor fusion improve the pilot's situational awareness,” they said.
It also uses what's called a radar-warning receiver – a technology which uses an updateable data base called “mission data files” to recognize a wide-range of enemy fighters, Broadwell said.
Made by Lockheed Martin and Boeing, the F-22 uses two Pratt & Whitney F119-PW-100 turbofan engines with afterburners and two-dimensional thrust vectoring nozzles, an Air Force statement said. It is 16-feet tall, 62-feet long and weighs 43,340 pounds. Its maximum take-off weight is 83,500.
The aircraft was first introduced in December of 2005, and each plane costs $143 million, Air Force statements say.
“Its greatest asset is the ability to target attack and kill an enemy without the enemy ever being aware they are there,” Broadwell added.
The Air Force's stealthy F-22 Raptor fighter jet delivered some of the first strikes in the U.S.-led attacks on the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria, when aerial bombing began in 2014, service officials told Scout Warrior.
After delivering some of the first strikes in the U.S. Coalition-led military action against ISIS, the F-22 began to shift its focus from an air-dominance mission to one more focused on supporting attacks on the ground.
"An F-22 squadron led the first strike in OIR (Operation Inherent Resolve). The aircraft made historic contributions in the air-to-ground regime,”
Even though ISIS does not have sophisticated air defenses or fighter jets of their own to challenge the F-22, there are still impactful ways in which the F-22 continues to greatly help the ongoing attacks, Broadwell said.
“There are no issues with the air superiority mission. That is the first thing they focus on. After that, they can transition to what they have been doing over the last several months and that has been figuring out innovative ways to contribute in the air-to-ground regime to support the coalition,” Broadwell said.
Kris Osborn became the Managing Editor of Scout Warrior in August of 2015. Their role with Scout.com includes managing content on the Scout Warrior site and generating independently sourced original material. Scout Warrior is aimed at providing engaging, substantial military-specific content covering a range of key areas such as weapons, emerging or next-generation technologies and issues of relevance to the military. Just prior to coming to Scout Warrior, Osborn served as an Associate Editor at the Military.com. Osborn previously served at the Pentagon as a Highly Qualified Expert with the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Army - Acquisition, Logistics & Technology. Osborn has also worked as an anchor and on-air military specialist at CNN and CNN Headline News. This story originally appeared in Scout Warrior.
Now that's what I call a fly-past: US Navy F18 streaks past apartment block
This is the moment a a US Navy pilot gave a shocked resident a very close look at their F18.
The fighter/bomber streaked past an apartment block on the banks of the Detroit River at the weekend.
It was part of a tactical demonstration fly-past to open a speedboat race in the North American city.
Officials waived rules to allow the Navy flyers to swoop under 100ft along the waterway.
Flypast: The F18 streaks past an apartment block
One resident said: 'I couldn't believe how low they flew and how close they came to our building - I'm sure the pilot waved at me.'
The jets had flown in from the Naval Air Station Oceana in Virginia to put on a spectacular show for thousands of spectators.
The Chrysler Jeep Superstores APBA Gold Cup race was won by speedboat ace Dave Villcock.
'We danced with the devil at every turn,' said Villwock, 55, who demolished the field on their way to their seventh Gold Cup win.
'We were either going to win it big or lose it big.'
EDEN PRAIRIE, Minn. -- Soon enough, the crowded NFC playoff picture will gain more clarity over the season's final stretch. But heck, this conference is a lot easier to decipher than the mess of records that make up the AFC standings.
For the Minnesota Vikings, Week 13 begins what coach Mike Zimmer last week dubbed a "five-game championship drive." It's a chance for the Vikings to take another step toward a first-round bye and home-field advantage in the playoffs.
"They're dangerous because they're so fast," Adam Thielen, left, with fellow WR Stefon Diggs, said of the Atlanta defense that gets the next crack at ending the Vikings' win streak. Scott W. Grau/Icon Sportswire
In the midst of three consecutive road games, Minnesota heads to Atlanta on Sunday with a 9-2 record, a seven-game win streak and three-game lead in the NFC North. In Week 14, it's Carolina, which is currently riding a four-game win streak and is tied for first place in the NFC South with New Orleans, a team the Vikings beat in Week 1.
The opportunity for Minnesota to further control of its own destiny lies in these next two games. Victories against the Falcons and Panthers would separate the Vikings from the rest of the pack and keep them in line for nothing lower than a No. 2 seed.
"They're huge," tight end Kyle Rudolph said. "These are two teams that we'll be battling for playoff spots and potentially home field in the playoffs. These are two great challenges for us, two really good teams. You look at the last two NFC champions. We have to go to their house and win."
For a team with Super Bowl aspirations, playing against the two most recent franchises to represent the NFC on the biggest stage is a challenge that will show the Vikings how ready they are to face the caliber of competition they'd see in the postseason.
"We have to get battle tested," defensive end Everson Griffen said. "It's all-in right now. We all have laser-point focus on what's at hand."
The Vikings aim to follow the same path the Falcons took after going through their own streak of adversity. After starting 5-0 in 2015 and sliding to an 8-8 finish, Atlanta recovered in 2016 to face the Patriots in Super Bowl LI.
Last season, Minnesota also started out 5-0 before collapsing in the final 11 games. One year later, the Vikings boast the second-best record in the NFC.
"Obviously we had a lot of injuries [in 2016], but down the stretch we had some ballgames we were in that very easily could have won and just weren't able to finish them off," defensive end Brian Robison said. "I think it helped us focus this year. I also think it helps us realize that it doesn't matter how many games you win, it can go south real quick if you don't stay focused."
The Vikings catch the Falcons at a time where Atlanta (7-4) has put up 95 points in three straight wins. Minnesota is the final team they'll face from the NFC North after opening the season with victories over Chicago, Green Bay and Detroit. Atlanta's recent offensive resurgence was backed in Week 12 by Julio Jones' 253-yard, two touchdown performance.
And while Minnesota's top-five defense will catch most of the headlines, Atlanta's refurbished pass rush and speed pose a big threat.
"They're dangerous because they're so fast," Vikings receiver Adam Thielen said. "For a team to be able to play well and play zone for a majority of the game, you have to be fast and you have to be able to be smart football players. I think it's a big reason why they were able to go to the Super Bowl last year because they were playing really well together."
NFL Playoff Machine See what the latest playoff picture looks like and simulate your own playoff scenarios.
NFL Playoff Machine
Minnesota is second behind one-loss Philadelphia in the NFC standings. The Eagles will have to wait until Sunday to lock up the NFC East after the Cowboys beat the Redskins to stay afloat in the playoff picture.
Philadelphia's upcoming stretch rivals the difficulty of Minnesota's with road games against the Seahawks and Rams, respectively, in Weeks 13 and 14.
For the Vikings, the next two weeks could give them invaluable head-to-head wins over the Saints, Rams, Falcons and Panthers, which buys them the inside track to the No. 1 seed should the Eagles stumble.
Seven teams boast a record of 7-4 or better, creating a much tighter race in the NFC than its counterpart.
Despite their prime position, the Vikings remain adamant that they're not looking past this weekend. A chance to tighten their grip on one of the top spots in the playoffs is at stake, a reason why they're not resting on what they've achieved so far.
"We haven't accomplished anything yet," Rudolph said. "We've set ourselves up in a great spot, but being 9-2 only guarantees us that we won't finish worse than 9-7. ... Everything that we want to do is still in front of us and we have to go out and work for it."
ON WALKING AWAY FROM WORK I'm never really that comfortable walking away. I know it sounds bad, but deadlines are a really good thing for me. And my show deadlines are really good for me. Because I'll just keep noodling away and adding one more thing until I have to put it up. So I thank goodness for deadlines in shows. And it's like one story continues to the next story. It's like it never stops; it's all really one long continuous story. So if you look at it that way, you could continue working on it forever. But it's good to be forced to kind of let it go at certain points. ON INDIVIDUAL STYLE I'm not quite sure when it started. I know as a kid that my Mom has brought out like, catalogs of all my art work. She's saved them all. I've always chosen to draw animals and they were always doing interesting things. I'd either combine animals together or I'd tether them or I'd tie them and I used to tell my Mom they're struggling to get away. And I guess I've always kind of related to animals and their struggles; just existing. I think that it's something that's always been kind of with me in my personal artwork and then in grad school I had the opportunity to really explore my message. And I took those ideas even from when I was a kid and started to really try to adapt them and have them grow, and that to be my voice. So not all these little doodles and sketches as a kid but now to really be able to compare them to life and to bring them to life. I'd say grad school it really started to thrive, to be really strong. That style started to really come out. ON COLOR That comes around just exploring new mediums and trying different things. Every once in a while I feel like there's an element that needs to be expressed by color; the story is going to benefit by these elements of color. It's just that little thing that pops up in your brain that says, “OK — it's time to do this.” I try to listen to myself when those times come up and explore it. If it's successful, it's successful and if it's not — it's not. I try to force myself to not only do one thing all the time.
ON TRUSTING VISION v. EXECUTION I trust it as both. I mean, I have ideas that cook in my brain for sometimes a year before I can even begin to get them onto paper. Or it's an idea that I think is so important that I have to wait, and I want to do it as large as possible. But you know, that takes years so they're just sitting in the back of my head, just waiting to come out. And sometimes I'll explore them smaller in the smaller version. And sometimes then I'll go, “OK, well I'm glad I got that out, because I don't really want to explore that anymore.” So it's a combination. Then I do silly things like wait this whole time and then it's going to be this big event-drawing, and then as soon as I begin drawing, that idea just goes out the window and this whole new thing just came right in. And I have to go with it because that's what I was feeling when I started it, and that all of a sudden became more important than the thing I was holding onto for a year.
ON SELF-TRUST At a certain point I realized I'm fighting myself, but the whole point of even doing the drawings was to express this idea and tell this story — why am I fighting the story to tell an older version? So I have to now at a certain point just accept that that's the way that it's going to go and let go of that original vision and just move on.
ON EXTENDING TO Book The book with my sister and I got kind of lost in the water. It got sent to a rep and then I never really followed up on it and we just kind of let that one fizzle out for a while. I may or may not revisit it in the future. But I've been working with some publishers, and I do like a cover here and a cover there. I'm really just focusing on my personal work right now. The book thing's going to happen or it's not. Right now, I'm not kind of following up on it, really. It takes a lot of work. It's just a lot of more work and dedication to something I'm not feeling like I need to dedicate that much time to right now.
A high-ranking FBI official talked of La Cosa Clinton on Sunday — as they placed the Democratic political family in the same category as the Gambinos, Colombos and Luccheses.
“The Clintons, that's a crime family,” declared former New York FBI chief James Kallstrom in a radio interview.
“It's like organized crime, basically. The Clinton Foundation is a cesspool.”
They echoed many of GOP presidential candidate Donald Trump's talking points as they described the Clintons as dishonest, greedy and scheming, during the interview with supermarket billionaire John Catsimatidis on AM970.
“It's just outrageous how Hillary Clinton sold their office for money,” said Kallstrom, who has long been a critic of the Clintons and President Obama.
“And she's a pathological liar, and she's always been a liar. And God forbid if we put someone like that in the White House.”
In another interview Sunday, Kallstrom said the handling of the probe into Hillary Clinton's emails by FBI Director James Comey was sowing discord among rank-and-file FBI agents.
“There's a major, major morale problem. I mean, it's like a boiling cauldron,” Kallstrom told Fox News' “Justice with Judge Jeanine” program Saturday night.
“I don't know that ‘cause I talk to everybody down there, but I've talked to enough people . . . and they are totally disgusted with him.”
Kallstrom also ripped Attorney General Loretta Lynch, saying they never had a “real investigation” into the emails.
Image caption Former navy commander Adm Ozden Ornek is among those facing charges
A Turkish court has ordered 102 people charged with plotting to overthrow the government to be arrested and held in jail until their trial, the state news agency says.
The suspects were among 196 people indicted this week. Some were detained in February and then released.
They include three retired military commanders. They are to be jailed pending their 16 December trial.
The remaining 94 will remain free until their trial.
All are accused of involvement in an alleged conspiracy to create chaos and pave the way for a military takeover.
Among the 102 people are retired Gen Dogan Cetin, former commander of Turkey's first army, former navy chief Adm Ozden Ornek and former air force commander Gen Halil Ibrahim Flirtina.
The indictment says the alleged conspiracy was drawn up in 2003 at the Istanbul base of the Turkish First Army shortly after the governing AKP party came to power.
The alleged plot - codenamed Operation Sledgehammer - reportedly involved plans to bomb mosques and provoke tensions with Greece, in order to spark political chaos and justify a military takeover.
The case is the latest in a series involving alleged plots against the Islamist-rooted government by the military and secular establishment.
Sensor Technology
Imagine a distant future where instead of carrying your phone and your laptop every day with you, all you would have to do is wear a silicon chip which would be glued to your skin. Its power would combine your smart phone and laptop as well.
This device could be powered by an electromagnetic charger, solar panel or even your body's heat. But, it's not how it gets it power that is important, what's more important is the fact that the device would know everything about you. The device would not just know your GPS location, it would know your heart rate, the temperature around you, the weight of the bag you are carrying and exactly what activities you are going to perform.
All in all, a device like this could blur the boundaries between machine and human and it's all because of the brilliant sensor technology.
Is the sensor technology advanced enough yet?
Many tech experts believe that this kind of technology is not far enough and it is almost inevitable. In fact, Cisco's CEO Chuck Robbins claimed that with the help of this kind of technology the number of Internet of Things (IoT) devices will increase from 50 billion to almost 500 billion in just a span of 10 years.
But there is a fact that a lot of tech experts miss out – the sensor technology available to us right now is not cheap enough, tiny enough or good enough.
How cheap do sensors really need to be?
Now, it's not that the sensors have always been expensive, the price of sensors has gone down by over 200 times in the last 20 years. In fact, some sensors are now just one-tenth of the total cost in just four years.
But, the issue is – they are still not as affordable as you would want them to be. And it's not just the price; many expensive sensors don't even perform as well as you would want them to.
For instance, most of the mobile phones today which have gyroscopes (used to stabilize the camera shake) are of average quality. You know if you move too much or if the phone moves too much, the picture is going to get blurred out.
Sure you can track your heart beats with Fitbit too, but researchers want medical sensors to be compact enough so that they can be swallowed by the patients, and the doctors can keep track of the body functioning.
The prices of all of these sensors need to come down to at least 10 cents per piece if we want to develop more wearable devices that are affordable as well.
How can we develop cheaper sensors?
We are sure your first answer is just to manufacture these sensors in a third world country where the production costs are low, just like most of the companies do for mobile phones. But, it isn't the same as that.
While mobile phones can be designed, developed, manufactured and assembled in separate countries to save costs, the cost of sensors can only go down with innovation.
For instance, sensors have an analog to digital converter in them. All of the sensors measure analog signals which are then converted to digital so that the Internet of Things (IoT) devices can comprehend them.
Now, if the costs of this converter could be lowered or if we could somehow build a sensor that wouldn't need a converter at all, then that could lower the costs.
Why haven't there been any major innovations in sensor technology?
Well, there have been, but the problem here is – every sector uses a different kind of sensor. So, an innovation made in the medical sector might not help the sensors used in the technology sector. Some sensors are easier to manage while other sensors are technologically complex and innovations in them could take decades. Basically, these innovations are not moving in the same direction, and this is the main problem.
In Summary
We have to agree that there are some big obstructions when it comes to sensor technology and its incorporation into wearable devices. But, that does not mean that it is impossible. A decade ago, holograms and virtual reality seemed like a far distant dream as well, and yet, here we are. We strongly believe that sensor technology can reach a great height in less than a decade.
By Ritika Tiwari
The last time the Cubs were champions it happened in a different world that would seem foreign to us. The ballparks were made of wood, the uniforms were wool, all of the players were white, and the ball they played with was much different.
The last time the Chicago Cubs won the World Series it wasn't even called the World Series.
The last time the Cubs were champions of the baseball world they celebrated their victory in Detroit in front of the smallest crowd to ever see a World Series game. The muted celebration (there were no gang piles or high fives back then) happened at The Corner of Michigan and Trumbull in a city that was on the verge of exploding as the technological and manufacturing capital of the world.
The action on the field during the deadball era
The best player in the 1908 World Series was Mordecai Brown, a pitcher with a pitch that was nearly unhittable. In an era when runs were scarce, Brown was one of the best at keeping runners off base. But without the agriculture-base economy of the 19th century, Brown never would have been a ballplayer.
Brown was born in the year that American turned one hundred. When they were growing up on the family farm in rural Indiana they suffered a terrible injury when their right hand became trapped in a feed chopper, resulting in the loss of most of their index finger. A few weeks later they fell and broke several fingers on the hand, further disfiguring it because the breaks were never set properly. So much for 19th century health care.
The mangled hand served as a perfect launching pad for sharp-dropping curve balls. But Mordecai didn't become a great pitcher immediately, they aren't discovered until they showed off their breaking pitch while playing in a coal mining league in the 1890s. It wasn't until 1904, when they were 27 years old, that Brown found their way into the Cubs' rotation. By this time he'd acquired the nickname “Miner” and also “Three-Finger” to describe the deformed right hand they used to spin their curve. But fans and teammates simply called the quiet farm boy “Brownie.”
Wearing the heavy wool uniform of the era, Brownie pitched a shutout in Game Three, dominating the Tiger lineup that featured Ty Cobb and Sam Crawford. In Game One, Brown entered in relief in the eighth inning of a one-run game and ended up getting the win. In all, Brownie pitched 11 innings and allowed just six hits and only one unearned run against Detroit.
The baseball used in 1908 was much different than the one we see today. The stitching was higher, allowing pitchers to grip the ball and perform wonderful magic tricks with it. The inside of the ball was different too, the yarn spun looser and the materials used of lower quality than would come later. As a result, the ball was said to be “dead” and was more difficult to hit for distance. But even if players could have hit the ball far, they probably wouldn't have. In 1908 the strategy in baseball was to hit singles, sacrifice, steal bases, and play for one run. In that era two or three runs was often enough to win a game.
The Cubs were loaded with talent, led by player/manager Frank Chance, scrappy second baseman Johnny Evers, and their formidable pitching staff. Their opponents were younger, led by 21-year old Ty Cobb, one of the few players in the game from south of the Mason-Dixon Line. Cobb and their outfield teammate Sam Crawford barely tolerated each other, but they were skilled at performing hit-and-run and double steal plays.
After their victory in Game Five to take the championship, Chance had kind words for the vanquished AL flag winners:
“The Tigers, individually and as a team, are the finest lot I have ever met,” the Cub skipper told reporters, “They are gentlemen and never once during the five games of the series just closed did one hasty word pass between the two teams. I can't help, also, but give you my hand when I say that Detroit as a ball town is a little dandy.”
Does Detroit still seem like a “dandy”” town?
The finances and landscape of baseball in 1908
This year, Cubs' starting pitcher John Lackey will earn $16 million. In 1908, the Chicago team split a little more than $27,000 of World Series money among 20-22 players and coaches. The highest-paid player in the Cubs, player/manager Frank Chance, earned $15,000 (which equates to about $370,000 in 2016 dollars). But most players made about $1,200 a year and needed every penny to make ends meet.
World Series shares in those days were meaningful. A player could double their annual income through a postseason share check. Baseball was a good living, but most of the players weren't rich. In fact, right after the 1908 World Series the Cubs players didn't scatter—they traveled to California to play an exhibition series against the Pacific Coast League champions, the winning team guaranteed 75 percent of gate receipts. Members of the Tigers organized a trip to Cuba to earn more cash that winter too.
Teams were owned exclusively by white men who made their riches in industry or media. The Chicago Cubs were owned by a man named Charles Murphy, a former newspaper man who gained control of the team when they received a loan from Charles Phelps Taft, the younger brother of then vice-president William Howard Taft and a media mogul. Murphy owned the Cubs for eight years, but it was the most successful period in franchise history: the Cubs won four pennants, two titles, and averaged 100 wins per season. The Tigers were owned by Frank J. Navin, a conservative man who made their wealth as a lawyer/accountant and who was in the first of 27 years of ownership of the Detroit Baseball Club.
It never would have occurred to Murphy or Navin that there were no players of color on the field in 1908, that every man under contract in “organized” baseball was white. “Negro” players had their own leagues and white fans were not interested in seeing the races mix in athletics. It would be nearly 45 more years before a black man (Ernie Banks) would wear the uniform of the Cubs, and shamefully the Tigers didn't field a black player until 1958.
What it was like to be a baseball fan in 1908
The final out of the '08 Fall Classic came on a dinky little play. Detroit catcher Boss Schmidt, the biggest player on the team and a man built like a clenched fist, produced a dribbling ground ball in front of the plate. Cubs' catcher Johnny Kling pounced on it and fired to Frank Chance at first base to record the 27th and final out of the game. Cubs win! Cubs win!
Except no one could have called “Cubs win!” because baseball wasn't on the radio in 1908. Radio broadcasts of sports wouldn't become popular for another two decades.
To listen to important games played out of town, fans (or “cranks” as they were known back then), would gather at newspaper offices and get updates from “callers” who were relayed information via telegraph. Some cities would post large electronic scoreboards to show the game action. This practice continued into the 1930s.
There were only 6,200 or so fans in the stands at Bennett Park on October 14, 1908. Why such a sparse crowd? Several factors combined to suppress attendance. The Cubs were playing in their third straight championship series, which at that time was called “The World's Series,” and their fans were not exactly thrilled about the postseason tilt, a repeat of the '07 matchups between Chicago and Detroit. In those days, the Series was relatively new, it had only started five years earlier and one season the teams refused to meet each other. Most teams already played postseason series to earn extra money, so what made the World's Series so special? For many fans it wasn't, and veteran fans of the National League game had little respect for the fledgling American League. To some, it seemed like a mismatch.
Another reason the stands were only half full (Bennett Park held about 12,000 at the time) was a dispute between the owners and the players over tickets. Normally, gate receipts for the first four games of the series were to be split with the players, but members of the Cubs argued that the receipts from each of the first five games should be divvied up, since Detroit's wooden ballpark was much smaller than West Side Grounds, which could accommodate close to 19,000 fans. The owners disagreed and after a ticket-scalping scheme in Chicago resulted in a disputed gate count for Game Three, the two sides battled each other in a war of words in the Chicago newspapers. Team leader Johnny Evers reportedly suggested that they and their Cub teammates refuse to play Game Four. The resulting controversy turned off many fans in both cities, especially rooters in Chicago who might have taken the short train ride to Detroit.
Even without the off-field turmoil over money, fans in Detroit were not exactly thrilled about going to the ballpark for a Wednesday afternoon game with the Tigers down three games to one, As a result, the wooden stands at Bennett Park had patches of empty seats as Orval Overall, the tough Chicago righthander, stymied Detroit to close out the series.
If you'd been in Detroit that day you would have seen a city that was quickly emerging as a city of the future. Just two weeks earlier, Henry Ford had introduced the Model T, a marvel that would change the world. The Ford Motor Co. quickly became the largest employer in the city, the state of Michigan, the nation, and then the world. Within a few years a Model T would be rolling off Ford's “assembly line” every few minutes and within a decade more than half the vehicles on the planet were made in Detroit.
The “World's Series” of 1908 was the last time the Cubs were crowned champions of baseball, but as we have seen, it was a different game and a different time.
Comments
comments
In the wake of the Daily Caller's release of President Obama cheering Rev. Wright and invoking the race card in various ways, our friend Morgen Richmond decided the time was right to release some little-known Obama video of their own. They authorized me to release the video here first.
The following clips are from 2002. Obama is speaking in a church at a 2002 Martin Luther King Jr. Day memorial service.
The full speech is here, and by and large it is a nice speech by a rising politician. Obama speaks about the need for empathy in society, about taking responsibility for our actions, and the audacity of hope. They level barbs at the wealthy and unempathetic, but also criticizes those who blame the system for the arrest of O.J. Simpson and the crack epidemic. Although the audio quality is poor because of the echo in the church, one can tell that Obama is well spoken and articulate. Joe Biden would have been proud.
But there are a few times when the mask slips, just a little.
My favorite clip is this one, where they speak of Dr. King's philosophy of non-violence, and explains that it works only when there is empathy:
Transcript:
The philosophy of nonviolence only makes sense if the powerful can be made to recognize themselves in the powerless. It only makes sense if the powerless can be made to recognize themselves in the powerful. You know, the principle of empathy gives broader meaning, by the way, to Dr. King's philosophy of nonviolence. I don't know if you've noticed, but rich people are all for nonviolence. Why wouldn't they be? They've got what they want. They want to make sure people don't take their stuff. But the principle of empathy recognizes that there are more subtle forms of violence to which we are answerable. The spirit of empathy condemns not only the use of firehoses and attack dogs to keep people down but also accountants and tax loopholes to keep people down. I'm not saying that what Enron executives did to their employees is the moral equivalent of what Bull Connor did to black folks, but I'll tell you what, the employees at Enron feel violated. When a company town sees its plant closing because some distant executives made some decision despite the wage concessions, despite the tax breaks, and they see their entire economy collapsing, they feel violence . . .
Other clips are linked below. I was struck by the way that Obama portrayed those who commit crimes and become imprisoned are “caught up” in a “prison industrial complex” that would not be tolerated if white people didn't think of blacks and Latinos as unlike them.
And the class warfare talk never ends.
What Obama really thought about the Clinton years. Quote: “Among African American males, one third to one fourth caught up in the criminal justice system, so that the number of young men incarcerated exceeded the number enrolled in colleges and universities. Throughout the nation inequality up, trust in mutuality down . . . the evidence was there if we cared to look.”
Obama on empathy, the powerful, and the prison industrial complex. Quote: “It's hard to imagine that the powerful in our society would tolerate the burgeoning prison industrial complex if they imagined that the black men and Latino men that are being imprisoned were something like their sons.”
Local funding of schools is “fundamentally unjust.” Quote: “And Illinois, like many states in the country, has an education system that is funded by property taxes. It is fundamentally unjust. So you have folks up in Winnetka, pupils who are getting five times as much money per student as students in the South Side of Chicago.”
If you use any of these clips or transcripts, please credit Morgen, and mention that you saw them here first.
Image copyright PA Image caption Ms Evans was once touted as a future leader of the party
Former UKIP deputy chairperson Suzanne Evans has failed in their High Court challenge to a decision to suspend them from the party for six months.
Ms Evans was seeking to overturn a ban which will prevent them representing the party as a candidate in May's London Assembly elections.
Leader Nigel Farage, who once named them as their preferred successor, denied the ban was due to their criticism of him.
A petition urging their reinstatement has secured more than 1,000 signatures.
Ms Evans said they were "stunned and distressed" by the suspension, which came after an internal disciplinary meeting found they publicly criticised a fellow candidate and held themselves out as a party spokesperson without authority.
"I will look to take up whatever right of appeal is open to me," they said.
"I remain determined to keep my personal focus on working to the full extent of my ability to help secure a 'leave' vote in the EU referendum on June 23, and contribute to electoral successes for UKIP on 5 May."
'Unfortunate'
In an interview with the BBC, Mr Farage would not comment on the reasons for their suspension.
"It's unfortunate," they said. "She is someone who appeared front-facing for the party and gave UKIP a good look in many ways. Sometimes people fall out with their own party and sometimes say and do things that perhaps they shouldn't."
Referring to Ms Evans' past comments about their leadership style, they added: "I haven't got time for revenge. I have got not just a referendum to fight but a massive set of elections in a few weeks' time on May 5 across the United Kingdom."
In a statement, a UKIP spokesperson confirmed they would not be nominated as a UKIP candidate in the London Assembly elections.
Last year Ms Evans was demoted after saying in June "Nigel is a very divisive character in terms of the way they are perceived... they are not divisive as a person, but the way they are perceived in having strong views that divide people".
As deputy chairperson they were in charge of writing UKIP's manifesto in the general election and was a prominent figure during the campaign.
'Very likeable'
When Mr Farage said they were resigning as leader after they failed to become an MP they anointed them as their successor, saying they had "emerged as an absolute tower of strength".
However, they were axed from their policy role in the party in-fighting which followed when Mr Farage changed their mind and stayed in the post of leader. Last month they lost their role as co-deputy chairperson and welfare spokesperson.
But they remain one of the party's most prominent figures, and appeared earlier on Wednesday on Radio 4's Woman's Hour to make the case for improved women's rights outside the European Union.
Ms Evans recently joined the board of Vote Leave, a group campaigning for the UK to leave the European Union. Mr Farage has backed rival anti-EU group Grassroots Out.
A petition calling for the ban to be reversed, launched by MEP Patrick O'Flynn, has attracted 1,074 signatures.
One party member criticised the suspension and questioned whether UKIP's ruling National Executive Committee (NEC) had sanctioned it.
"How has they breached party rules? Nobody in the NEC is aware and nobody has taken a vote," said Amanda Sanders, chair of the Kenilworth and Southam branch of the party in the West Midlands.
"Suzanne Evans is very likeable and they would bring in the female voters and they need support. I will resign over this and I think quite a few of my fellow chairpeople are prepared to, as well."
Curated by:
Audrey Hepburn was an inspiration to many. Beyond their pretty face and acting career, they were also a humanitarian and a genuinely great person who had a lot of good advice to give. From beauty to self improvement, here are some of our favorite quotes by Audrey Hepburn.
♥
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says ‘I'm possible'! Audrey Hepburn
I love people who make me laugh. I honestly think it's the thing I like most, to laugh. It cures a multitude of ills. It's probably the most important thing in a person. Audrey Hepburn
There is more to sex appeal than just measurements. I don't need a bedroom to prove my womanliness. I can convey just as much sex appeal picking apples off a tree or standing in the rain. Audrey Hepburn
If I'm honest I have to tell you I still read fairy-tales and I like them best of all. Audrey Hepburn
I believe in being strong when everything seems to be going wrong. I believe that happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day, and I believe in miracles Audrey Hepburn
The beauty of a woman is seen in their eyes, because that is the doorway to their heart, the place where love resides. Audrey Hepburn
Your heart just breaks, that's all. But you can't judge or point fingers. You just have to be lucky enough to find someone who appreciates you. Audrey Hepburn
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other. Audrey Hepburn
You can tell more about a person by what they say about others than you can by what others say about him. Audrey Hepburn
I don't want to be alone, I want to be left alone. Audrey Hepburn
I'm an introvert… I love being by myself, love being outdoors, love taking a long walk with my dogs and looking at the trees, flowers, the sky. Audrey Hepburn
If I get married, I want to be very married. Audrey Hepburn
The beauty of a woman is not in a facial mole, but true beauty in a woman is reflected in their soul. It is the caring that they lovingly give, the passion that they know. Audrey Hepburn
When you have nobody you can make a cup of tea for, when nobody needs you, that's when I think life is over. Audrey Hepburn
Let's face it, a nice creamy chocolate cake does a lot for a lot of people; it does for me. Audrey Hepburn
Living is like tearing through a museum. Not until later do you really start absorbing what you saw, thinking about it, looking it up in a book, and remembering – because you can't take it in all at once. Audrey Hepburn
Why change? Everyone has their own style. When you have found it, you should stick to it. Audrey Hepburn
I heard a definition once: Happiness is health and a short memory! I wish I'd invented it, because it is very true. Audrey Hepburn
Make-up can only make you look pretty on the outside but it doesn't help if your ugly on the inside. Unless you eat the make-up. Audrey Hepburn
You can always tell what kind of person a man really thinks you are by the earrings they give you. Audrey Hepburn
I've been lucky. Opportunities don't often come along. So, when they do, you have to grab them. Audrey Hepburn
People, even more than things, have to be restored, renewed, revived, reclaimed, and redeemed; never throw out anyone. Audrey Hepburn
I don't take my life seriously, but I do take what I do – in my life – seriously – Audrey Hepburn
The greatest victory has been to be able to live with myself, to accept my shortcomings… I'm a long way from the human being I'd like to be. But I've decided I'm not so bad after all. Audrey Hepburn
Everything I learned from the movies. Audrey Hepburn
I believe in manicures. I believe in overdressing. I believe in primping at leisure and wearing lipstick. I believe in pink. I believe happy girls are the prettiest girls. I believe that tomorrow is another day, and… I believe in miracles. Audrey Hepburn
True friends are families which you can select. Audrey Hepburn
On the one hand maybe I've remained infantile, while on the other I matured quickly, because at a young age I was very aware of suffering and fear. Audrey Hepburn
And the beauty of a woman, with passing years only grows! Audrey Hepburn
I tried always to do better: saw always a little further. I tried to stretch myself. Audrey Hepburn
As a matter of fact, I rather feel like expressing myself now. Audrey Hepburn
Anyone who does not believe in miracles is not a realist. Audrey Hepburn
I have learnt how to live…how to be in the world and of the world, and not just to stand aside and watch. Audrey Hepburn
For me the only things of interests are those linked to the heart. Audrey Hepburn
Good things aren't supposed to just fall into your lap. God is very generous, but They expect you to do your part first. Audrey Hepburn
For my whole life, my favorite activity was reading. It's not the most social pastime. Audrey Hepburn
Some people dream of having a big swimming pool. With me, it's closets. Audrey Hepburn
There are certain shades of limelight that can wreck a girl's complexion. Audrey Hepburn
Elegance is the only beauty that never fades. Audrey Hepburn
Success is like reaching an important birthday and finding you're exactly the same. Audrey Hepburn
We all want to be loved, don't we? Everyone looks for a way of finding love. It's a constant search for affection in every walk of life. Audrey Hepburn
I never think of myself as an icon. What is in other people's minds is not in my mind. I just do my thing. Audrey Hepburn
My greatest ambition is to have a career without becoming a career woman. Audrey Hepburn
I hate girls that giggle all the time…You hate any girl that David looks at. Audrey Hepburn
A woman can be beautiful as well as intellectual. Audrey Hepburn
The beauty of a woman is seen in their eyes, because that is the doorway to their heart, the place where love resides. Audrey Hepburn
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201703/1388/1155968404_5349643626001_5349638121001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true Carson says slaves were ‘immigrants' with dreams for their children
Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson on Monday referred to American slaves as “immigrants” who dreamed of better lives for their children.
Carson, making their first speech to the HUD staff since their confirmation last week, said America is a “land of dreams and opportunities” that has drawn millions of people from overseas throughout its history.
Story Continued Below
“There were other immigrants who came here in the bottom of slave ships, worked even longer, even harder for less,” they said. “But they too had a dream that one day their sons, daughters, grandsons, granddaughters, great-grandsons, great-granddaughters might pursue prosperity and happiness in this land.”
The retired neurosurgeon, who will manage a budget of nearly $50 billion and some 8,000 employees and oversee most of the nation's affordable housing programs, made the case for smaller government. They stressed that Washington should stay out of people's lives whenever possible, allowing them to work out their own problems.
“If you can get those people to sit down and talk to each other, they will frequently be able to come up with extremely good solutions,” they said. “I believe in always giving the first pass to the people who are actually involved as opposed to imposing upon them from above.”
In an address with references to God, the capacity of the brain and the need for self-reliance, Carson said their agency will be “extremely vigilant” in enforcing the law.
But, they said, “we recognize that when we treat people fairly, the need to regulate their lives and to try to force people to do things becomes much, much smaller because people don't feel that they're being treated unjustly and therefore they're not looking for a way around the situation.”
The HUD chief, who has no experience in housing policy, rarely addressed the issue directly. Instead, they focused heavily on their experience as a neurosurgeon, which they argued has prepared them to work toward accomplishing the department's missions.
“There's a great intersection actually between medicine and the work of this department,” they said. “And I'm not just talking about lead hazards and molds,” they said, noting that their first meeting as department head was with a lead-hazard environmental group.
They also criticized efforts to sideline the importance of God and religion.
“We live in a nation where a lot of people are trying to get rid of God,” Carson said. “I think that is a big mistake. Think about the fact that our founding document, the Declaration of Independence, talks about certain inalienable rights given to us by our creator, aka God.”
“The Pledge of Allegiance to that flag says we are one nation under God,” they added. “Every coin in our pocket, every bill in our wallet says, ‘In God we trust.' On the walls of many of the courts in our land it says, ‘In God we trust.' So if it's in our founding document, and our pledge, and our courts, and it's on our money, but we're not supposed to talk about it — what in the world is that?”
The idea made sense: Create a "governor's park" around the Florida Governor's Mansion to spruce up the entrance by buying shabby commercial property on the adjacent street and replace it with a grand boulevard and a visitors commons.
TALLAHASSEE | The idea made sense: Create a "governor's park" around the Florida Governor's Mansion to spruce up the entrance by buying shabby commercial property on the adjacent street and replace it with a grand boulevard and a visitors commons.
But it was an idea that was going to take cash. Lots of cash: $2.3 million for the project and $2.7 million more to acquire an old house, a pawn shop, a tire store and three other properties nearby, records from 2011 and 2012 show.
First lady Ann Scott embraced the project. Mansion director Carol Beck was on board, the governor's deputies coordinated the effort with donations from the state's top industries and persuaded Republican legislative leaders to dedicate $2.5 million in the state budget. A lavish party at the mansion was held to recognize the generosity of the corporate donors.
But while records show that everyone involved was using state time to do the work, they wanted to avoid creating a public records trail, so they used private email accounts and private cellphones to keep what they were doing out of the public eye.
The practice was part of the culture in the new governor's office. The governor's first two chiefs of staff, Mike Prendergast and Steve MacNamara, instructed employees to use personal emails and personal cellphone text messages to communicate anything that was sensitive, creating a barrier to access when records requests were made, former employees have told the Times/Herald.
The details about the park emerged only after a judge ordered them released last year as part of a lawsuit by Tallahassee lawyer Steven R. Andrews. They successfully sued the governor and Cabinet for attempting to break a contract they had to purchase a building near the mansion that houses their office.
Although Andrews' property wasn't initially included in the "governor's park" project, it was later rolled into Scott's so-called legacy project that included updating the furnishings in the current mansion in addition to building the adjacent park.
Andrews sued the governor's office for withholding documents and, in the process, found that everyone from the first lady and their assistant to the mansion director and the governor's deputies — Carrie O'Rourke, Chris Finkbeiner and Carly Hermanson — used private email accounts and cellphones to communicate about the project.
The governor's lawyers have also adopted a policy never before employed in state government, instructing employees that they were custodians of the public documents on their private accounts. The result: The governor's former employees must hire lawyers to represent them in handling records requests that traditionally had been the responsibility of the state.
"We follow the law," Scott told reporters last week, dismissing Andrews as "an individual that sues the state, tries to cause problems."
The governor's office "code of conduct" forbids text messages and requires that employees refrain from using personal email accounts "unless such use is necessary." Employees then must "retain them in accordance with the Department of State retention policy."
But, records show, the policies are widely ignored.
"This is foundation business, not EOG (Executive Office of the Governor)," wrote Carrie O'Rourke, the governor's deputy chief of staff in a Jan. 9, 2012, text message to Beck, the mansion curator. "Pls do not use that account moving forward."
And in an apparent attempt to avoid the appearance of fundraising on state time, Beck had checks sent to their home — instead of to a state building, according to records obtained by Andrews.
"Make checks payable to the Governors Mansion Foundation," Beck wrote in an email to a potential contributor, former Scott campaign finance chairperson Mike Fernandez, in January 2012. Beck used their private AOL account, not their state account, and added: "In order to expedite receipt, please mail to my attention at the following address." They then listed their home address.
Copied on the email was O'Rourke, using O'Rourke's private Yahoo account.
When Andrews, in a public records request, sought all documents and communications regarding the mansion project, the governor's Office of Open Government replied that some documents could not be released because they were attorney "work product" and the text messages did not exist.
Colleen Andrews, a paralegal in the firm, and Steve Andrews' wife, said they discovered the existence of the text messages after finding that Department of Environmental Protection Secretary Herschel Vinyard had sent text messages to O'Rourke about the mansion.
Brian Ballard, a prominent GOP fundraiser and member of the Governor's Mansion Foundation board, said that if there was any attempt at secrecy, "it was an innocent mistake."
They said there was "never a conversation" about shielding the campaign from the public.
O'Rourke and Beck would not respond to requests for comment. The governor's spokesperson, John Tupps, would not comment on why the governor's office used private email accounts for public business or why private fundraising was managed on state time.
"The Mansion Foundation is a legislatively authorized direct support organization, whose function is to raise funds for public purposes; in this case historic preservation," they said.
Records obtained by Andrews show that O'Rourke, Beck and Ann Scott's aide, Sarah Hansford, sought to raise funds from some of the most powerful industries in the state — all of whom benefited from remaining in the governor's good graces.
Florida Power & Light, U.S. Sugar, Florida Crystals and Blue Cross Blue Shield wrote checks for $100,000 each. Donations for $20,000 came in from Ballard, Scott adviser Tony Fabrizio, lobbyist Billy Rubin and George Zoley, the CEO of the GEO Group, the private company that runs two Florida prisons. Joe and Samara Caruncho, owner of the state's largest Medicare Advantage program, wrote a $25,000 check.
Ballard said the project is now on hold, in part because of Andrews' lawsuits.
Canadian builder Nick Della Mora shows their love for Destiny with their life size LEGO replica of the Young Wolf's Howl, an exotic tier sword first appearing in the Rise of Iron expansion. It would have been difficult to construct the engraved Iron Lords crest on the blade and still have the blade hold together when wielded, but it would also look inaccurate to skip that detail altogether. Nick's choice to instead focus on the red-orange glow of the crest was a creative idea, and led to a neat light-up effect.
In the video below, Nick shows the light-up crest and the techniques used in the blade to maintain stability.
If you enjoy LEGO Destiny, you may also like Nick's Cosmodrome diorama, or other exotic weapons such as the Khvostov 7G-0X and No Land Beyond.
Calgary police are working internally to encourage — and when necessary enforce — better driving behaviour among officers.
At a Calgary police commission meeting Tuesday afternoon, acting Supt. Mike Worden and Chief Roger Chaffin spoke of a driver safety and compliance program.
Not so long ago, there was a problem — and police concede it was a rather big one.
CPS vehicles were busted by automated enforcement — photo radars and the like — on 4,903 occasions back in 2010.
In 2014 the number was 1,587, down 68%.
And in 2015, the number was closer to 1,300.
Worden said that number would likely never drop to zero.
They said more than 1,000 vehicles travel 17,000,000 km to reach 400,000 incidents every year, 50,000 of which are considered high priority.
“In those (high priority) cases officers are most likely driving over the speed limit with lights and sirens,” Worden said.
“Our officers need to get to those calls.”
Worden also said, “We still review it — we do not set those aside.”
The driver safety and compliance program is anticipated to include both proactive and reactive measures. One being an internal demerit point system, which could cost an officer their ability to get behind the wheel of a police cruiser. Worden also noted that police officers are subject to the Criminal Code when appropriate.
For the past year through GPS and brake sensors on a couple of hundred police vehicles, headquarters can tell when an officer breaches speed limits, slams on the brakes or takes on some other extreme behaviour. For now the tech is limited to mostly unmarked vehicles but Chaffin said it's effective.
The officer might get a phone call to check what all the fuss was about, and they or they must justify it.
“There's a rule of law that we follow, that we expect the community to follow and I expect our officers to follow,” Chaffin said.
More police vehicles will be monitored as more data comes in and funding allows for the program to be expanded, Chaffin said.
By Ludwig Watzal
So-called liberals and leftists in the US and around the world, are now wailing and gnashing their teeth in reaction to Hillary Clinton's crushing defeat. They are, however, the first to blame for the outcome of the US presidential elections.
Their candidate, Hillary Clinton, was the embodiment of a totally corrupt political system.  They are a hypocrite par excellence, talking to the bankers of Wall Street behind closed doors differently than to the American people. Them rhetoric for the rights of women and blacks and other minorities sounded disingenuous.
The Clinton Foundation received large donations from Saudi-Arabia and Qatar, countries rewarded in return by huge arms transfers overseen by them as Secretary of State. Them involvement in this corruption was no theme for the media. According to emails published by WikiLeaks, their campaign manager John Podesta was or is on the payroll of the Saudis. All of this was not considered worth reporting by the media. Virtually all national media in the United States supported Clinton's candidacy. Instead of reporting how the machinery of the Democratic Party and the Clinton team stole the primary elections to prevent the candidacy of Bernie Sanders, the media demonized Donald Trump.
I do not wish here to defend Donald Trump. They made numerous stupid, racist, sexist, and anti-Islamic statements that were rightly criticized. Hillary Clinton, on the other hand, was treated with kid gloves while their huge criminal political record was glossed over. Instead of coming to grips with their abject failures, the liberals and their media continue in slandering Donald Trump. Trump's first declarations show already that they have conquered new frontiers.
An American President is not a free and politically independent person. From day one, a President-elect can't any more go around the corner and grab a hot dog or a hamburger.  They are reigned in by a military and security establishment that holds the President fit for public consumption. Trump, as any other president, can be expected to follow their rule and political suggestions.
I doubt very much that Trump will keep the promises of their election campaign, such as building a wall along the American-Mexican border, deport all illegal immigrants or ban Muslims from immigrating into the US. I even doubt that they will go after Hillary Clinton and their husband's dubious foundation. There exists a code of honor among thieves.
Trump won precisely because of the shrill one-sided media propaganda and because of their rhetoric against the Washington establishment, including their own Republican Party. Now, this Republican establishment dominates both houses of Congress. Trump belongs also, however, to the US establishment but of another sort. Nobody should believe that the Washington establishment will follow Trump's lead. Even their positive statements about Vladimir Putin or their suggestion to discard NATO, will probably vanish. But what I do hope is that they stand to their rejection of TPP and TTIP and their pragmatic view of Vladimir Putin.
Whether Trump will stop American adventurism in the Middle East has to be seen. Their close ties with Netanyahu do not bode well for the Palestinians. They see Zionist colonization of the rest of Palestine as no hindrance to peace. And while they have promised to move the US Embassy from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, I doubt that they will carry out this provocation against international law and the entire Muslim world.
The German political and media class was not only surprised by the results of the US elections, but did not even try to hide its revulsion against the choice of the American people. The entire political class in Germany perceived and presented the Trump campaign in the same one-sided manner as American media did. Chancellor Angela Merkel sent the President-Elect Trump a warning in the guise of a congratulation. Them political impudence was garbed within obsequious blabber about the allegedly honorable nature of German-American ties: “Germany and America are bound by common values — democracy, freedom, as well as respect for the rule of law and the dignity of each and every person, regardless of their origin, skin color, creed, gender, sexual orientation, or political views. It is based on these values that I wish to offer close cooperation, both with me personally and between our countries' governments.” Other German politicians did not even attempt to hide their disdain for American voters by diplomatic language. Germany's Foreign Minister Steinmeier called Trump a “preacher of hate”, and Deputy Chancellor Gabriel cartooned Trump as a “trailblazer of a new authoritarian and chauvinist international movement… [who wants] a rollback to the bad old times in which women belonged by the stove or in bed, gays in jail and unions at best at the side table.” During the election campaign, Trump called Merkel's mass-immigration policy “insane” and “what Merkel did to Germany” a “sad shame”.
The media and the political class should at this point stop pontificating. Their double morals and unprofessional coverage of the US elections should prompt them to more humility. They should rather blame themselves for their biased reporting, which led directly to Clinton's defeat. Ordinary Americans are not as stupid as the Establishment wants us to believe. Established parties and media would be well advised to give the new US President a chance to prove their worth. There will be, without doubt, many occasions in the future for fact-based criticism.
April 18, 2013
by Compassion Over Killing Staff
It's hard not to notice the increasing popularity of vegan eating. From Good Morning America to Saturday Night Live, everyone's talking about it. The topic of meatless meals has even graced the cover of one of the leading foodservice industry trade publications, Nation's Restaurant News, which highlighted the increasing popularity and growing success of vegetarian and veg-friendly eateries across the U.S. Almost prophetically, when the question was posed in a 2011 article about whether America is ready for a national vegetarian restaurant chain, Aviv Schweitzer, the operations manager for Maoz USA, responded: “It thinks it's a fact; it's not really a question anymore.”
Jump to 2013 and here are the facts: Native Foods Café, a popular all-vegan eatery with 14 locations in California, Illinois and Oregon, just announced plans to open 200 new locations in the next 5 years. This is great news for everyone — including animals!
While Native Foods Café has primarily based its roots on the West Coast, the planned expansion will bring the restaurant to East Coast, including stores in Philadelphia, Baltimore and Washington.
According to The Desert Sun, six to eight new locations are planned to open by the end of this year, and 45 locations are planned to open by the end of 2014.
Native Foods Café was founded in 1994 in Palm Springs, California, and has since moved its headquarters to Chicago, Illinois. The restaurant prides itself on serving homemade, fresh food with entrees like the Rockin' Moroccan Bowl and the Portobello and Sausage Burger. Diners can also browse through their dessert menu that includes, among other options, a Peanut Butter Parfait, Double Delight Brownie, and Homemade Apple Pie!
It's not surprising that vegan restaurants are doing well. As stated in a Supermarket News magazine article predicting the Top Ten Food Trend Predictions for 2013, “a major shift is anticipated in the nation's protein food supply away from meat-based proteins and shifting to meatless proteins.”
Christie agreed to undergo the operation after their 50th birthday. | AP Photos Christie: 'Nobody's business'
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie said Tuesday that their decision to have weight loss surgery “was nobody's business other than mine.”
“I don't mean to demean what you all do,” Christie told a crowd of reporters at a press conference in Newark. “But this is silly.”
Story Continued Below
“For this kind of attention to be drawn to the fact that I'm pursuing a weight-loss measure shows how really shallow a lot of this coverage has become and why a lot of people ignore it,” the Republican governor continued. “It was not your business. It was nobody's business other than mine.”
( Also on POLITICO: What Christie's surgery means for 2016)
Earlier in the day, aides confirmed to POLITICO that Christie secretly had lap band stomach surgery in February in hopes of losing some of their bulk.
Christie gave an exclusive interview to The New York Post, which broke the news on the front page of its Tuesday edition.
“I've struggled with this issue for 20 years,” Christie told The Post. “For me, this is about turning 50 and looking at my children and wanting to be there for them.”
The governor said at the press conference that they only talked to the paper after a reporter directly asked them about. While they didn't want to discuss the issue, they decided not to lie about it. “It wasn't my choice,” Christie said. “If I had a choice, I would've never talked about it.”
Christie decided to undergo the operation after their 50th birthday in September, when friends and family urged them to do it. The governor said the decision wasn't about slimming down before potentially making a presidential bid in 2016, but about staying alive for their four kids, the youngest of whom is still in elementary school.
“I'm in this father business for a while,” they said. “And I hope someday, God willing, to be in the grandfather business.”
( PHOTOS: Chris Christie's career)
Earlier in the day, aides confirmed to POLITICO that Christie secretly had lap band stomach surgery in February in hopes of losing some of their bulk.
In another interview, Christie said a conversation with Dr. George Fielding, a weight-loss surgery expert at NYU School of Medicine, helped persuade them to proceed with the lap band process.
“He says to me, ‘If you came in here with cancer, and I told you that I had a 40-minute surgery that would give you a 90 percent chance of cure, would you sign up?'” Christie told Brian Williams of NBC Nightly News, in an interview that aired Tuesday night. “And it just really crystallized it for me. And I said, ‘Yeah, I would.' And they said, ‘Why wouldn't you do that to cure obesity?'”
Jill Mettendorf is the sales and marketing manager of Mira Digital Publishing, a self-publishing and book printing company based in St. Louis, Missouri. Jill is also the author of Real Answers Real Authors, their book chronicling the key information they have gathered after helping hundreds of writers self-publish. This is their first book and it releases today.
I connected with Jill about a year ago when I priced and ordered books a client of mine had written about their industry. One of the questions below touches on genres of self-published books. No matter the line of work you are in, a non-fiction book about your experiences (such as Jill's) can help position yourself as a leader or expert in your industry.
Jill's new book focuses on real-life experiences of authors and publishers. What about their own? This is their first book and they open a window into their world:
200 Words with Author Jill Mettendorf
Write Naked: I like that you have been promoting your book's release date – it builds anticipation. What length of time did you choose as a pre-launch period?
Jill Mettendorf: I started pre-launch marketing 2 months in advance. I needed to start some social medial channels and talk about my process. The idea was to engage my authors step-by-step so they can see what I am doing and follow along. My hope is that people will also feel invested in the project too.
WN: This is your first book. Now that you're in the author's shoes, what have you learned so far in the early stages?
JM: I will do another marketing book and then turn my blog into a book…another reason for me to publish was so [that] I could empathize and relate to my authors on a different level. It has totally worked. It is really daunting to think of all the things you have to do: Pre- and post-marketing, printing, eBooks, distribution, press release, etc.
WN: When it comes to marketing a book, what genre is most challenging and why? (Novel, memoir, non-fiction, poetry, etc.)
JM: They are all challenging. The basic rules of marketing apply to all though – know your audience, find them and promote to them. Not everyone will be interested in your book. It is better to be a big dog in a small world then a small dog in a big world.
WN: Book formatting is notoriously as daunting a process as marketing for a novelist. With your degree in visual studies and your experience helping so many authors, you probably have a keen eye for visually appealing cover designs. Whether a writer chooses to design their own cover or if they work with a professional designer, what should they avoid in their cover design and what characteristics in design have you seen on successfully self-published books?
JM: A clean design is best. Do not be afraid of white space. Pick an idea and go with it. Sometimes people want to shove everything they know about their book onto their cover. It is also very hard for someone to just come in and design a great cover for your book. They need to know the feel and tone of the book to portray it correctly…You can waste a designer's time and your money by not providing good direction. I will tell authors to visit stock photo websites and brainstorm…Also, go to the bookstore and look at your shelves at home. Find book covers that you like and figure out why you like them. Font choice, colors, images? Always seek a professional's help, but give them as much guidance as possible.
WN: Why would an author want to purchase their own ISBN rather than using a publishing service's ISBN?
JM: When you purchase your ISBN#, then you own it and all the rights to it and your book. I would recommend this because if it is a publisher's ISBN, then they may have some say or control. You will want to read contracts carefully if you go this route. It would suck to become a bestseller and know someone else is coming for a piece of the pie.
WN: This is my James Lipton tribute question. What is your least favorite word?
JM (laughing): I am sure you get typical words like can't or won't, but I am going to go with moist.
Although the author themselves does not always seem to realise it, this cheerful summary of the brain's reward system is a profound experience. David Linden is professor of neuroscience at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, so they know what they are talking about, and they explain it early. "Shopping, orgasm, learning, highly calorific foods, gambling, prayer," they say, "they all evoke neural signals that converge on a small group of interconnected brain areas called the medial forebrain pleasure circuit."
Our understanding of this began, Linden goes on to explain, with some luridly unethical experiments. In one of the more laidback laboratories of the 1970s, an American study sought to examine whether one could "cure" homosexuality by electrically stimulating someone's pleasure centres while subjecting them to heterosexual experiences. To this end, researchers implanted electrodes deep inside the brain of a 24-year-old gay male whom they called B-19. Having waited for the surgery to heal, they handed them the controls.
As the paper reports, "B-19 stimulated themselves to a point that, both behaviourally and introspectively, they were experiencing an almost overwhelming euphoria and elation and had to be disconnected despite their vigorous protests." Later, the researchers gave B-19 the button back, but only after hiring them a prostitute, whom they very happily had sex with while they watched – "despite the milieu and the encumbrance of the electrode wires". A woman in a different trial "self-stimulated throughout the day, neglecting their personal hygiene and family commitments. A chronic ulceration developed at the tip of the finger used to adjust the amplitude dial."
Having established our respect for the medial forebrain (specifically its ventral tegmental area), Linden explains the exact pleasure processes involved in drugs, food, sex, gambling and generosity. These chapters are filled with similarly entertaining fragments from the learned journals. We discover that overdosing on Parkinson's medication can make you a compulsive gambler; that reindeer fight over patches of hallucinogenic urine; that 19th-century Ireland was struck by an epidemic of ether-drinking; that the only known example of nasal sex in nature can be found among the gay dolphins of the Amazon. (They screw each other's blow-holes.) "I refuse to make the obligatory 'blowjob' joke here," Linden remarks, in one of their many jocund footnotes.
None of which dilutes the book's academic content. For the most part, what we actually read are accounts of different experiments that have been conducted on genetically modified rats. For optimum absorption of the book's ideas by general readers, Linden might have dialled down their scientific language by a notch. That said, it is part of the joy of popular science writing that it can lead one to the point of comprehending sentences such as: "These findings with MK-801 pretreatment suggested that LTP and/or LTD of the excitatory synapses received by the neurons of the VTA was induced in rats as a result of taking cocaine." Even now, I feel a tourist's pride in understanding that.
Yet, though Pleasure is certainly pleasurable, in both its sweet and savoury moments, it is what the book reveals – most obviously about addiction – that is so utterly compelling. In brief, addiction really is a disease, which you can observe with microscopes, and which should be treated non-judgmentally. Every obese person in the world should read the chapter on overeating to discover the scientific basis for why it is not their fault. Those of us lucky enough to have different genes should read it too, if only for the humbling description of how a slimmer's body craves food with the intensity of someone actually starving.
Nor do the revelations end here. What underlies the human pleasure system, Linden explains, is our facility for learning to enjoy a limitless variety of things – which sounds, to me, like nothing less significant than the source of all culture. Going further still, Linden even speculates about a future (and shows that it is far from implausible) in which consequenceless pleasure of any kind can be artificially induced. What a terrifying thought that is to toy with.
To be clear, this book has flaws. Its thematic structure is repetitive, causing the later chapters to feel more like accretions of examples rather than an argument developing. The concluding section on the future, meanwhile, fails to explore the many new ideas it broaches. I even spotted an error, when Linden includes benzodiazepines on a list of non-addictive drugs. (Surely Valium dependence must be known to any doctor?) But these are details worth forgetting. Pleasure is a superb book. My brain has been changed by reading it.
Leo Benedictus is the author of The Afterparty (Cape)
The year 2013 has been an amazing one for movies, though maybe every year is an amazing year for movies if one is ready to be amazed by movies. It's also a particularly apt year to make a list of the best films. Making a list is not merely a numerical act but also a polemical one, and the best of this year's films are polemical in their assertion of the singularity of cinema, as well as of the art form's opposition to the disposable images of television. The 2013 crop comprises an unplanned, if not accidental, collective declaration of the essence of the cinema, an art of images and sounds that, at their best, don't exist to tell a story or to tantalize the audience (though they may well do so) but, rather, to reflect a crisis in the life of the filmmaker and the state of the artist's mind or, even, soul.
[#image: /photos/59096dc3ebe912338a376a00]
It's no surprise that the popularity of so-called serious TV series followed closely on the rise, in the nineties, of a new generation of filmmakers, including Wes Anderson, Sofia Coppola, James Gray, Paul Thomas Anderson, David Fincher, Darren Aronofsky, and Quentin Tarantino. These were filmmakers who outran the confident naturalism of the seventies and the nostalgic verities of the eighties in pursuit of their own disruptive extravagances. They created personalized symbolic worlds that mapped fuller and deeper realities than those of the familiar modes of unquestioned realism. In this new era of assertive directors, television producers took up the vacated middle ground, self-consciously delivering characters into living rooms, with no director to get in the way.
The ever-increasing prominence of television is, in turn, sparking a renewed reflection on the part of filmmakers about what cinema is, and what it can be. The conflict between the dependent image and the essential image, between the transparent and the conspicuous, is real and serious. The enthusiasm for serious television—and by television, I mean open-ended series with multiple directors—in large measure overlaps with, and reinforces, the art-house consensus, the latter-day tradition of quality. This decade will be remembered as the golden age of television, as the nineteen-twenties are remembered as the golden age of flagpole-sitting. In this case, TV series are the events that fulfill the desire for eventfulness while also providing an ostensible simulacrum of human interest. (This is in no way meant to cast aspersions on the many excellent artists who work in television; the effort that goes in may not overcome the systemic obstacles of script and character, the primacy of the show runner and the writer rather than the director.)
The best movies this year are films of combative cinema, audacious inventions in vision. The specificity and originality of their moment-to-moment creation of images offers new ways for viewers to confront the notion of what “narrative” might be. Their revitalization of storytelling as experience restores to the cinema its primordial mode of redefining consciousness. It's significant that some of the filmmakers in the forefront of that charge are from the generation of the elders, innovators of the seventies. In the age of radical cinema sparked by digital technology, the rise of independent producers, and the ready ubiquity of the history of cinema (thanks to DVDs and streaming video), these older directors have experienced a glorious second youth. That artistic rejuvenation is also due to the stimulating ambiance of actual youth—a young generation of freethinking cinephiles, critics, and filmmakers who, thanks to the Internet, make their appreciation of these sublime extremes widely and quickly known, even when the mainstream of viewers and reviewers miss out.
That's why this year's selection is so rarefied—why the top ten is unusually tops, why the second ten could easily be another year's top ten, why the excitement of going to the movies regularly isn't just the pleasantness of novelty but the shock of the authentically new.
1–2 (tie). “The Wolf of Wall Street” (due to embargo until December 17th, silence reigns for now) and “To the Wonder.”
3. “Like Someone in Love.”
4–5 (tie). “Computer Chess” and “Upstream Color.”
6. “Night Across the Street.”
7. “A Touch of Sin.”
8. “Blue Is the Warmest Color.”
9. “An Oversimplification of Them Beauty.”
10–12 (tie). “Inside Llewyn Davis,” “Sun Don't Shine,” and “Ain't Them Bodies Saints.”
13–24 (in no particular order).
“At Berkeley”
“You Ain't Seen Nothin' Yet”
“Drinking Buddies”
“All the Light in the Sky”
“The Bling Ring”
“I Used to Be Darker”
“Centro Historico”
“The Canyons”
“Les Coquillettes”
“Lenny Cooke”
“These Birds Walk”
“Oldboy”
25–29 (in no particular order).
“This Is Martin Bonner”
“Nebraska”
“12 Years a Slave”
“Short Term 12”
“Blue Jasmine”
Phantoms.
“The Last of the Unjust,” Claude Lanzmann's new film, which was scheduled for a December 13th qualifying run, would have been near the top of the list. When the Academy nominators failed to put it on the documentary short list, that weeklong run was cancelled; it opens February 7th.
James Gray's “The Immigrant,” which also played at the New York Film Festival, had been scheduled for release this fall, but instead it's still awaiting a release date. Though awards don't matter in the long run, this movie deserves some; it would be high on my list.
Ying Liang's film “When Night Falls” was shown last spring (at MOMA), but only for a few days. I wish that it had been given a weeklong run that would have counted as an official release and landed it high on this list. The same goes for Eliza Hittman's “It Felt Like Love” and Manoel de Oliveira's “Gebo and the Shadow.”
Steven Soderbergh's “Behind the Candelabra” is not a TV show but it's not a movie, either. (Much credit to HBO for producing it when movie producers were unwilling to do so). Had it been released theatrically, it would have been on the list.
Among the many worthy films seen in festivals that are still awaiting release and would have ranked high on the list are, notably, Josephine Decker's “Butter on the Latch,” Joaquim Pinto's “What Now? Remind Me,” and Nathan Silver's “Soft in the Head.” There are also two short films: Miguel Gomes's “Redemption” and Dustin Guy Defa's “Lydia Hoffman“—which need a context for release.
Worst movies (those with the greatest disproportion between the emblazoned ambition and the mediocrity of the result): “Before Midnight,” “The Great Beauty,” and “All Is Lost,” with “Gravity” close behind (or ahead).
The North American side OpTic Gaming has been confirmed for ESL One Cologne, finalizing the list of teams invited to the event.
After a successful period at the end of 2016, when they won ELEAGUE Season 2, finished second at ECS Season 2 and qualified for the Major, OpTic have had a tough time, with a bad Major performance at the start of 2017 followed by the departure of their in-game leader Peter "stanislaw" Jarguz.
The North American side has been fielding substitutes ever since, but still managed decent placings at the last two events they attended, cs_summit and IEM Sydney 2017, where they finished above the likes of North and Cloud9.
OpTic will be hoping they can find a stable fifth before Cologne
With this announcement out, ESL has filled the list of teams that will be invited to the tournament, and only the four qualifier teams left to be decided.
Except Astralis, who turned down an invitation in April, the only notable squad to miss out on a spot amongst the invited teams is Gambit, the CIS side that has been a stable contender ever since adding Danylo "Zeus" Teslenko and Abay "Hobbit" Khasenov to their ranks.
The team list for ESL One Cologne is now as follows:
Professeur writes for HLTV.org and can be found on Twitter.
An envoy sent by North Korean leader Kim Jong-un to Russia last year made an attempt to purchase the advanced fighter jet, Sukhoi Su-35, the latest reports say.
South Korean Daily JoongAng Ilbo, which was the first to report the news on Friday, cited a military source as saying that Choe Ryong-hae, who visited Moscow as a North Korean special envoy last year, "asked Russian President Vladimir Putin to provide Sukhoi Su-35 fighter jets".
"The North produces many weapons systems domestically, but it appears to have sought Russia's help because building fighter jets requires more complex technologies," the unnamed official was quoted as saying.
"But because of international sanctions imposed on the North, Russia won't likely sell it readily."
The report, which was later picked by Russian news agency TASS, further noted that not much has been revealed on the exact nature of the meeting between Choe and Putin.
The Russian presidential official has said Choe – one of the member of the Presidium of the Political Bureau as well as the secretary of the Central committee of the 'Workers' Party of North Korea – met with the Russian leader on 18 November and handed over an official letter written by Kim.
Kremlin had informed reporters at that time that the meeting was not open for press and there won't be any conference.
The National Interest publication notes that the fighter jet North Korea reportedly sought from Russia is the "most potent" fighter jet currently being operated in the Russian Air Force.
The Sukhoi Su-35, which is otherwise also known as 'Super Flanker' is a heavily upgraded derivative of the Su-27 'Flanker'. They are said to be single-seat, twin-engine "super-manoeuvrable multirole fighters", which was designed by Sukhoi and built by Komsomolsk-on-Amur Aircraft Production Association. Due to its features such as its ability to fly high, fast and enormous payload capabilities, the jet is supposed to be a dreaded military weapon to any of Russia's 'enemies'.
These features combined with its advanced suite of avionics makes the Su-35 a jet an advanced flying weapon that can easily defeat most of the US fighter jets, reports said.
This is not the first time North Korea has sought to acquire fighter jets from its ally Russia. In 2011, the current leader's late father, Kim Jong-il, visited the country and reportedly made attempts to buy fighter jets.
They did the same with China in 2010 expressing their desire to purchase fighter jets, although Beijing rejected the request, the South Korean newspaper further noted.
The Obama administration on Wednesday announced that 6.4 million people so far have signed up for ObamaCare coverage for next year, touting strong growth despite the threat of repeal.
The 6.4 million signups are through the preliminary deadline of Dec. 19, which is 400,000 more people compared to the numbers through last year's preliminary deadline. The final deadline to enroll is not until Jan. 31, when the administration hopes to have a total of 13.8 million people.
The Obama administration listed Pennsylvania, Florida, Texas, North Carolina, and Georgia, as the states with the highest number of signups.
Officials touted the number released Wednesday as evidence that people are still eager to sign up and get coverage despite the threat of Republicans repealing ObamaCare.
ADVERTISEMENT
They noted that people are still signing up despite attention to premium increases and the threat of repeal.
“The headwinds have increased,” they said, noting that their department is sticking with its projection of 13.8 million people signing up by the end of the process, which would be an increase of about 1 million people over last year.
Burwell urged Republicans not to repeal the law given the people who rely on it for coverage. Officials noted that over 30,000 people have called the ObamaCare call center worried about coverage going away due to a repeal.
The 6.4 million enrollees includes 4.31 million returning enrollees and 2.05 million new enrollees. The number of new enrollees is down from last year, when 2.4 million new enrollees signed up by the preliminary deadline.
Headteacher gets reprimand from Nicky Morgan for 'sexist' question
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan labelled a teacher "sexist" after they questioned whether they were really in charge of their department.
Ms Morgan responded sharply to a question from Simon Kidwell, the headteacher of Hartford Manor Primary School in Cheshire, after they gave a speech at the National Association of Head Teachers (NAHT) in Birmingham.
They asked: "Are you in charge of the department or is Nick Gibb?"
Nicky Morgan gave short shrift to one question
The question was met with a round of applause and cheers from the headteachers, but Ms Morgan was not impressed.
When the clapping eased, they replied: "I am not going to dignify that sexist remark with a comment."
Russell Hobby, general secretary of the NAHT, said they believed the question stemmed from Mr Gibb's involvement in decision making in their capacity as Schools Minister but said they did not think Mr Gibb was running the department.
They said they had "no idea" why Ms Morgan thought the question was sexist.
Christine Blower, general secretary of the National Union of Teachers, said they could not see how the question could be classed as sexist.
Speaking after Ms Morgan's speech, they said: "There clearly is a lot of sexism in the world but I wouldn't have thought that anyone challenging them when Nick Gibb has been very high profile on the issues to do with assessment could possibly count as a piece of sexism.
Ms Blower said they thought it was a "completely valid" question as they thought Mr Gibb had apologised for the "chaos" schools were in, rather than Ms Morgan.
"It seems to me that if something goes spectacularly wrong, like the putting of that test on the website then it should be the person, hierarchical though it is, at the top who apologises and not their deputy so I don't think this is about sexism this is about the buck stopping where the buck should stop.
"It would be a very good thing if they acknowledged that frankly at the moment there's a significant amount of chaos in the curriculum and in assessment."
Ms Blower added that there was a general sense of no engagement from the education secretary.
A Hawaiian defense contractor will serve more than seven years in prison for giving classified documents to a Chinese citizen, the Justice Department announced.
Benjamin Pierce Bishop, 60, a retired U.S. Army lieutenant colonel, gave classified information to a 27-year-old Chinese woman they were having a romantic relationship with, prosecutors said Wednesday, including information on U.S. nuclear weapons capabilities.
Bishop also gave the woman classified information on training and planning sessions between the U.S. and South Korea, prosecutors said.
“We remain steadfast and resolute in our pursuit of those who violate their sworn security agreements and divulge our nation's secrets to foreign nationals and others,” said Florence Nakakuni, U.S. Attorney for the District of Hawaii.
Investigators also discovered Bishop had taken a number of classified documents from their workplace at U.S. Pacific Command.
Those included the U.S. Armed Forces Defense Planning Guide 2014-2018; documents entitled the Department of Defense China Strategy, Optimizing U.S. Force Posture in the Asia-Pacific, and the 2010 Guidance for Employment of Force; and a classified photo of a Chinese naval asset the woman had specifically asked Bishop to retrieve.
Legal documents filed by the FBI showed that Bishop lied to security personnel that they were an active duty military member in order to gain access to the information on the naval asset.
“This is the second major espionage case prosecuted in the District of Hawaii, and is particularly troublesome because it involves the communication of classified information to a citizen of the People's Republic of China,” Ms. Nakakuni said.
The Chinese woman was in the U.S. on a visa for their studies as a graduate student, the Justice Department said, but so far has not released any more information on them or them whereabouts.
Bishop met the woman at a conference about international military defense. Court documents filed by the FBI stated that agents believed the woman “may have been at the conference in order to target individuals such as Bishop who work with and have access to U.S. classified information.”
Bishop, who was sentenced to seven years and three months, will get about a year's credit for time they have already spent in federal custody in Honolulu since their arrest in March 2013.
However, during their stay at a halfway house awaiting trial, they tried to contact their Chinese romantic partner despite being forbidden to do so.
“This makes the court question your ability to follow the law when it comes to this person,” U.S. District Court Judge Leslie Kobayashi said in response to the incident.
Birney Bervar, Bishop's defense attorney, argued they should be sentenced to time served.
“He made an error, a serious error in judgment over the love of a woman,” Mr. Bervar said. “As one of their friends said in a letter quoting Shakespeare, ‘he loved not wisely, but too well.'”
Bishop told the judge they were only trying to help a friend.
“In my efforts to help her, I went too far and made mistakes,” they said.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
How Did the White House Stumble on Theresa May's Visit? Let Us Count the Ways.
There is a storied history of the United States accidentally disrespecting its closest ally, the United Kingdom.
In 2009, British Prime Minister Gordon Brown gave U.S. President Barack Obama an “ornamental pen holder made from the timbers of the Victorian anti-slave ship HMS Gannet.” In exchange, Brown received a bunch of DVDs. That same year, Obama gave Queen Elizabeth II an iPod (to be fair, they gave them a photo of herself). In 2011, at a banquet at Buckingham Palace, Obama mistakenly spoke over the British national anthem. And not to get into the removal of the bust of Winston Churchill from the Oval Office, but … Obama took the bust of Winston Churchill out of the Oval Office.
But Friday's visit by Prime Minister Theresa May to the White House was different. May, to make their case that Britain is somehow becoming more global by leaving the European Union, needed to demonstrate just how special the special relationship is (even though Britain cannot sign a trade deal with the United States until after its divorce with the European Union is finalized). And President Donald Trump, on the heels of Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto's cancelled visit, likely wanted to demonstrate that they could, in fact, conduct diplomacy. Both sides, in other words, wanted this visit to go smoothly.
Alas, we can't always get what we want.
First, the White House issued an official schedule of the visit in which Theresa May's name was spelled incorrectly. Three times.
Must the indignities suffered by UK PM Theresa May never cease?! (To be fair, hard name, right @Reince @Number10gov ?) pic.twitter.com/GUf6464c0p — Molly O'Toole (@mollymotoole) January 27, 2017
According to at least one former deputy assistant secretary in the State Department, that was not good.
This may seem funny but it's not. This is insulting to a head of state. And amateurish. No one checked w/ Protocol, clearly. https://t.co/hUXrHENksQ — Moira Whelan (@moira) January 27, 2017
Then the British press corps was locked out of the White House because their birth dates were submitted in U.K. format.
Then, per a White House pool report, there was this exchange:
“‘It's a great honor to have Winston Churchill back,' POTUS said.
‘It's a great honor to be here,' PM May said in response.”
It is almost as if Trump was supposed to say the honor was not just having a bust of a former prime minister but also having the real live prime minister in the White House.
Then came the joint press conference.
While the two stressed their shared interests (i.e., U.S.-U.K. trade, the working people) and their support of the special relationship (the phrase was used at least four or five times), the press conference was not without its uncomfortable moments.
For example, Trump noted that their mother was born in Scotland and that they had been in Scotland celebrating Brexit. Scotland voted overwhelmingly to remain in the European Union and now may hold a second referendum to leave the U.K. They went on to add that while they were “scorned” for saying Brexit would happen, they were indeed proved correct and that it will be a wonderful thing for the U.K. May, who gained the prime ministership after Brexit and who now must see it through, campaigned against it.
There was also the moment that the BBC's Laura Kuenssberg (who was finally admitted to the White House after the birth date snafu) asked what Trump would say to the British people who are nervous to have them as the leader of the free world. “There goes that relationship!” the president joked.
Still, the story ends for now on a happy note (at least publicly). Trump said at the press conference that they and “Theresa” will get along very well. And May assured their audience that the two are listening to each other. “The point of the special relationship is that we are able to have that open and frank discussion,” they said.
And also for the prime minister to give the president an engraved Quaich from Trump's ancestral Scotland.
Photo credit: Mark Wilson/Getty Images
"In praise of author's previous book:
""I couldn't think of a single question that wasn't answered helpfully by this excellent book."" -Elizabeth Marshall Thomas
""Here's a book your cat would have written for you. Anyone who has a cat, wants a cat or wants to know a cat should read this loving, lucid, comprehensive handbook. It's a gem."" -Sy Montgomery
In 1985, silently as fog on little cat feet, cats padded past dogs as America's most popular domestic companion animal. While cat owners love their purring, fuzzy friends, cats can have another, rather unpleasant, side. Some cats spray; defecate and urinate on carpets, in corners, in shoes, on visitors' leather jackets; shred upholstery; chomp houseplants; ambush guests; caterwaul at all hours; and scratch and bite children, sometimes causing serious injuries and infections.
Skeptics will claim that it's impossible to train a cat. Happily, Wendy Christensen knows they're wrong. True, cats are intelligent, adaptable, patient, independent, stubborn, observant, and extremely quick learners. But they're also remarkably self-interested and quick to exploit a good deal. Outwitting a cat means persuading the cat that what you want is also what they want.
Whatever your immediate, urgent specific cat problem-aggression, bullying, clinginess, refusal to eat-you'll find answers here. Wendy Christensen can tell you what works-and what doesn't. What to do right away-and what never to do. She'll share tips and cat-and-owner-tested secrets to reversing, redirecting, and solving-for good-even the thorniest behavior problems. And she'll tell you how to head off future problems, simply by understanding how your cat thinks."
The identity of a passenger removed from Frontier Airlines flight 623 last Sunday has been confirmed by the Associated Press. A half-Arab half-Jewish Ohio housewife named Shoshana Hebshi, who claimed on their blog earlier this week that they had been detained in Detroit, strip-searched, and interrogated, was in fact one of three passengers escorted off flight 623 by WCAA police on September 11.
Hebshi wrote on their blog that they and the two Indian men sitting their row were pulled out of their seats and handcuffed without being told why. Hebshi was then put in the back of a police car, driven to an airport facility shared by WCAA and the Department of Homeland Security, and placed in a holding cell. Authorities kept Hebshi at the facility for four hours, during which time they were interrogated about their personal life and travel itinerary, and strip-searched. At no point was they told what they did to earn this treatment:
I asked them several times what was going on and they wouldn't answer me. It was like I was invisible. I felt so helpless and shocked. I was being treated like a criminal. A plainclothes officer stood came to my door and asked me if I spoke English. Something in me snapped at that question. Of course I spoke English I'm an American citizen, you asshole! Well, I left the expletive out. “Ok,” they said and stood watch outside my door saying they wanted to make sure I didn't “flush anything.” They also wouldn't tell me what was going on. Eventually a female uniformed officer came in....I was to stand, face the wall in a position so the camera above the toilet couldn't see, and take off my clothes. I complied... “You understand why we have to do this, right? It's for our own protection,” they told me.
FBI Spokeswoman Sandra Berchtold denied to the Associated Press that it instructed airport authorities to "arrest" Hebshi and the two other passengers: "We received a report of suspicious activity on that particular plane. We did not arrest...these passengers....We didn't direct anybody to arrest them." To further emphasize that the agency had nothing to do with Hebshi's treatment, an FBI agent called them on Monday and apologized, according to the AP.
The Wayne County Airport Authority, on the other hand, told the AP it was following protocol: "[We] responded appropriately by following protocol and treating everyone involved with respect and dignity." But if everyone was being treated with respect and dignity, why were Hebshi and the two Indian men handcuffed and strip-searched, while every other passenger on the flight was moved from the plane to the facility by bus, without cuffs, and without strip searches?
The matchmaking system on the X1 version is not yet working properly even though the game has been out for one day shy of a month. The developer has been very slow on issuing patches and even then, the lone patch released thus far only fixed a freezing issue that shouldn't have existed in the first place. They're more than happy to sell you DLC for the PC version though! So, unless you have three friends that you can form a party with, you likely won't get much out of this game. You can play by yourself of course, but the AI is terrible and doesn't offer more than revives and disappointment. Oh, and as far as remasters go, this is easily the weakest of those I've played. It looks and runs only slightly better than the PS3/360 versions, an improvement that can mostly be attributed to the increased resolution. Initially the developer claimed this re-release would run at 60fps, but it's often closer to 30. My advice is to wait until it works properly and then buy it used so that these lazy devs don't come into contact with your money.
Read more
Kirby added that White House approval was not required for the use of US weapon stockpiles by Israel.
“The United States is committed to the security of Israel, and it is vital to US national interests to assist Israel to develop and maintain a strong and ready self-defense capability,” said Rear Admiral John Kirby, the Pentagon's press secretary, in a statement today. "This defense sale is consistent with those objectives."
The munitions were part of the program called War Reserves Stock Allies-Israel (WRSA-I), which locally stores weapons for the US, and can be used by Israel in case of emergency. Israel, however, did not state an emergency situation when it requested use of the munitions.
As Israel's military onslaught on Gaza continues into its 24th day, a senior US defense official announced today that the US has allowed Israel to tap into an munitions stockpile to resupply the Israeli military with weapons.
Read more
As Israel's military onslaught on Gaza continues into its 24th day, a senior US defense official announced today that the US has allowed Israel to tap into an munitions stockpile to resupply the Israeli military with weapons.
The munitions were part of the program called War Reserves Stock Allies-Israel (WRSA-I), which locally stores weapons for the US, and can be used by Israel in case of emergency. Israel, however, did not state an emergency situation when it requested use of the munitions.
“The United States is committed to the security of Israel, and it is vital to US national interests to assist Israel to develop and maintain a strong and ready self-defense capability,” said Rear Admiral John Kirby, the Pentagon's press secretary, in a statement today. "This defense sale is consistent with those objectives."
Kirby added that White House approval was not required for the use of US weapon stockpiles by Israel.
Video shows Palestinian children being rescued from rubble after airstrike. Read more here.
Although it was not confirmed if these weapons would specifically be used in the current offensive in Gaza, it highlights the close relationship that exists between Israeli and US military cooperation and interests.
The use of US weapons to aid Israel's military comes at a time of mounting criticism towards Israel's offensive in the Gaza Strip, which has already killed more than 1,300 Palestinians, most of whom were civilians. Specifically, it calls into question the role of the US in the conflict, especially after President Obama called for a unilateral ceasefire and an end to hostilities on both sides.
Video of aftermath of Israeli strike on Gaza's only power plant emerges. Read more here.
“There is nothing unique about this,” Tony Cordesman, a military strategy expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, told VICE News. “Since 1997 the US has provided Israel with military grants that range from about 2 to 3 billion a year.”
The presence of a munitions stockpile in Israel serves as more of a contingency plan than to serve in case of a real-time emergency, added Cordesman. The weapons being stored were reportedly 40mm grenades and 120mm mortar to be used by Israel in case they run out.
The US also funds a substantial portion of Israel's Iron Dome defense shield, which has been used to intercept Hamas rockets shot into Israel. Congress recently added another $225 million onto a spending bill to fund the Iron Dome.
Today, Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu vowed to escalate Israel's military onslaught on the Gaza Strip to destroy all Hamas tunnels. They added that they would not agree to any ceasefire that limited Israel's ability to do so.
Rockets and revenge: Dispatch 9. Watch here.
Image via Wikimedia
Trouble is brewing for Donald Trump on both sides of the Atlantic Ocean with German Chancellor Angela Merkel taking on the role of the "last resistance fighter against newly elected American President Trump," Willy Wimmer, former Parliamentary State Secretary in the German Defense Ministry, told Sputnik.
US President Barack Obama's recent visit to the German capital has become the focus of worldwide attention; and according to Willy Wimmer, former Parliamentary State Secretary in the German Defense Ministry, there is something cooking in Berlin for newly elected American President Donald Trump.
"It now becomes clear that a sort of bi-partisan 'war establishment' has been formed in Washington, which is now taking every effort to put 'political handcuffs' on the American President [Donald Trump] and make it clear to them that they won't be able to change the 'policy of war' course, which bloomed under Obama," Wimmer told Sputnik Deutschland.
© REUTERS / Stefanie Loos Merkel the Gambler: Berlin Bet Its Shirt on Clinton and Lost
According to the German politician, Obama's visit to Berlin and their meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel could be regarded as a signal sent to the EU by the American "war establishment."
Wimmer emphasized that while it would be more logical for Obama to hold their final meeting with European leaders in Brussels, the outgoing American leader chose Berlin.
Having arrived to the German capital on Wednesday Obama spent nearly two days talking with the German Chancellor and journalists. The leaders of the UK, France, Italy and Spain joined the meeting only on Friday, few hours before the US President left Europe.
Wimmer noted that Obama's visit signals Washington's dissatisfaction with what is going on in the European Union.
"This is a signal that you should not underestimate," the German politician stressed, calling to the fact that the US prefers to sow discord between the EU member states rather than to make common cause with Europe.
"I would agree with an American professor who gave an interview to The Süddeutsche Zeitung today. This Professor Davis used to be a member of Hillary Clinton' foreign policy advisory, and they make it absolutely clear that a lot depends now on Germany's interference in the US affairs. So far, Mrs. Merkel would be given a role of the 'last resistance fighter against newly elected American President Trump'," Wimmer elaborated.
© AFP 2018 / Tobias Schwartz Trump's Victory: EU Establishment Was Caught With Pants Down
Indeed, on November 17 Frank Jordans of the Associated Press published an op-ed entitled "Trump election puts pressure on Merkel to take liberal lead."
"With outsider Donald Trump's election as US president and the rising strength of far-right and populist movements in Europe, some have suggested that German Chancellor Angela Merkel is left as the last powerful defender of liberal values in the West," Jordans wrote.
The Berlin-based journalist also highlighted that during their final visit to Europe Obama had spent much more time with Merkel than with any of the other European leaders.
"It is absolutely true that Chancellor Merkel is going to have significant responsibilities," Obama said, as cited by the journalist.
Timothy Garton Ash of The Guardian, the UK's left-leaning media outlet, went even further and claimed that "the leader of the free world is now Angela Merkel."
"The phrase 'leader of the free world' is usually applied to the president of the United States, and rarely without irony. I'm tempted to say that the leader of the free world is now Angela Merkel," the political writer said, insisting that Trump's presidency "is likely to be bombastic, erratic and unpredictable."
© REUTERS / Kai Pfaffenbach German Chancellor Angela Merkel and President Barack Obama, Hanover, Germany April 25, 2016.
"We are dealing with a sort of international 'collective policy' pursued by Democrats together with the 'war establishment' of Democrats and Republicans in Washington. So, there is a certain role offered to Mrs. Merkel. If one remembers what Merkel said last week regarding the US presidential election, one will see that they are willing to play this role," Wimmer told Sputnik.
© Sputnik / Mikhail Fomichov EU's Headache: Russia Becoming New Center of Gravity for E Europe Against All Odds
The German politician noted that one should not exclude the possibility that a "covert Transatlantic putsch" is being harbored against Trump.
They cited the unusually offensive tone German politicians and mass media sources adopted toward the US President-elect.
Wimmer also referred to the fact that American billionaire George Soros and other liberal donors, that threw their weight behind Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton, held a conference last Sunday on how to "take back power."
"If I were sitting in Washington I would probably think that there is a conspiracy brewing against me," Wimmer remarked.
What is more disturbing is that these developments are "anti-American," the politician stressed, because those behind them completely ignore the right of the American people to choose a president they want.
However, according to Rod Liddle of The Spectator, a British conservative magazine, all efforts to throw a wrench in Trump's work are doomed.
Liddle believes that Trump's victory, just like Brexit, is reflecting the ongoing economic and political paradigm shift.
"Neither Brexit nor Donald Trump brought about this paradigm shift. They are simply manifestations of it. The liberal elite… may flail against Trump and Brexit for as long as they like. But to use a phrase which the liberals rather like, and use a lot — they are beginning to look as if they are on the wrong side of history," the British journalist emphasized.
Yesterday we showed the Gears of War community some love, today we're continuing the trend by showing the Smite community that we care about and listen to them. Firstly, for those of you who are unfamiliar with the game, Smite is a third person action multiplayer online battle arena game (or MOBA in short). Players take on the visage of a mythological figure (it could be a god or not) and take part in action-packed arena combat. You use powers and team tactics against other PC and NPC figures.
Our free Smite Xbox One cup will take place every Monday with the first one starting on Monday 28th September, 2015. This cup will be open to any territory, just like all of our other cups and ladders (so not just EU or UK!). The prize allocation is £250 per week, with 1st place taking home £200 and 2nd place £50. We are currently defining the full set of rules and the game mode will be 5v5 conquest - let us know in the comments if you have any specific thoughts on the rules. If you're in the mood to join our admin team for Smite then please send in your application immediately!
Register for our free SMITE cup today!
Again, we're evaluating which games are popular with our community on an ongoing basis. When you show us there's demand for a specific game we'll introduce it and develop it accordingly, depending on its popularity. If nobody plays in the Smite cup then we'll obviously have to reconsider our position - so please show us that you do and start playing. Register today as there's free money up for grabs!
If you're unfamiliar with Smite then the below introduction video is the perfect beginners guide!
Fiji has three official languages under the 1997 constitution (and not revoked by the 2013 Constitution): English, Fijian and Hindi. Fijian is spoken either as a first or second language by most indigenous Fijians who make up around 54% of the population.
Fijians of Indian descent make up a further 37%, mainly speaking a local variant of Hindi, known as Fiji Hindi. English, a remnant of British colonial rule over the islands, was the sole official language until 1997 and is widely used in government, business and education as a lingua franca. Considerable business is also done in Fijian, especially away from larger town centre.
A small number of other Indigenous West Fijian and East Fijian regional languages are spoken on the islands, standard Fijian belonging to the East Fijian group. Chinese and Rotuman are also spoken by immigrant populations.
History [ edit ]
Until the 19th century, Fiji's population consisted almost entirely of indigenous Fijians, who were of mixed Polynesian and Melanesian descent and generally spoke languages of the Malayo-Polynesian language family. After the islands came under British colonial rule, a number of contract workers were brought from present-day British India, spreading the use of the Hindi language.
All three of Fiji's official languages have greatly been influenced by one another, in terms of vocabulary and, in some cases, grammar because of the constant, everyday contact between these languages, now for over a century. Fiji's diverse, multiracial and multilingual makeup make these languages, as well as other unofficial, minority languages in Fiji (such as Chinese, Western Fijian, Banaban, Rotuman, Tuvaluan and other present Indian languages), influence one another.
English [ edit ]
English usage in Fiji predates the cession of Fiji to Great Britain by a few decades. English was first encountered from the first explorers and traders and found greater popularity as a lingua franca (albeit mixed with English in an early and now extinct Pidgin Fijian) between frontier settlers and the indigenous peoples. By the time of the British administration, much of the Fijian nobility were able to comprehend basic English. The English spoken in Fiji today is very different and has developed significantly over the close to 150 years of usage in the islands.
Like many former colonies of Great Britain, there are certain 'situational varieties' of English present. There is the very formal, 'Proper' English (which would resemble formal English in Australia or the United Kingdom) as it is known, which is to be used in government and any other situation deemed formal enough for its use, but it has fallen out of favor due to the popularity of the more laid back varieties and is still spoken only by the older generation that lived through the colonial days. A sort of mid-level English is used in school, church, work and in semi-formal situations and is basically English with localized grammatical innovations and words imported from Hindi and Fijian; it is quickly becoming 'formal English' in Fiji.
Very informal Fiji English, or Finglish, is used among all races with family, friends and in general conversations and in any other situation not deemed formal. Fiji English has been tentatively studied by linguists and has been suggested as a separate dialect from Standard English (as has developed in Australia and New Zealand) but the distinction is not made locally or in the constitution. Moreover, other linguists suggest it is part of a greater South Pacific English dialect because of the shared development of English within former British colonies and protectorates in the South Pacific.
Fijian [ edit ]
Fijian is an Austronesian language of the Malayo-Polynesian family spoken in Fiji. It has 300,000 first-language speakers, which is more than half the population of Fiji, but another 300,000 speak it as a second language. The early missionaries selected the Bau dialect or Bauan (which, among the East Fijian dialects, held the place that French would in Europe, while the purer Rewa dialect would be Latin) as the standard dialect for printing and communicating. Bauan soon became the standard of communication among the indigenous iTaukei. Bauan was selected not only because of its prestige but also because it was the language of the then politically dominant island of Bau and the Mataiwelagi chiefs (and claimed King of Fiji).
By the middle to the late 19th century, with the push by missionaries, Bauan had also invaded the Western areas of Viti Levu, which spoke an entirely different set of dialects belonging to the West Fijian language, which is grouped with Polynesian and Rotuman in the West Fijian-Polynesian language family and practiced a different culture. This occurred up to the point that many Bauan words entered many western Fijian languages. Bauan was then adopted by the British administration for communication with the iTaukei. Over time, it evolved into what is today Standard Fijian which includes many English and Other Fijian Dialectal contributions, becoming quite distinct from the original Bauan Dialect.[1]
Hindi [ edit ]
Hindi is an official language in Fiji. In the 1997 Constitution, it was referred to as "Hindustani",[2] but in the 2013 Constitution of Fiji, it is simply called "Hindi".[3]
Fiji Hindi, also known as Fijian Baat or Fijian Hindustani, is the language spoken by most Fijian citizens of Indian descent. It is derived mainly from the Awadhi and Bhojpuri varieties of Hindi. It has also borrowed a large number of words from Fijian and English. The relation between Fiji Hindi and Standard Hindi is similar to the relation between Afrikaans and Dutch. Indian indentured labourers were initially brought to Fiji mainly from districts of eastern Uttar Pradesh, Bihar, North-West Frontier and South India such as from Andhra and Tamil Nadu. They spoke numerous, mainly Hindi, dialects and languages depending on their district of origin.
A language soon developed in Fiji that combined the common elements of the Hindi dialects spoken in these areas with Fijian, Arabic, and English words; this has diverged significantly from the varieties of Hindi spoken on the Indian sub-continent. The development of Fiji Hindi was accelerated by the need for labourers speaking different dialects and sub-dialects of Hindi to work together and the practice of young children being left during working hours in early versions of day care centers.
Later, approximately 15,000 Indian indentured labourers, who were mainly speakers of Dravidian languages (Telugu, Tamil and Malayalam), were brought from South India. By this time Fiji Hindi was well established as the lingua franca of Fiji Indians and the South Indian labourers had to learn it to communicate with the more numerous North Indians and European overseers. Inward migration of free Gujarati and Punjabi settlers further contributed to Fiji Hindi.
Others [ edit ]
Fiji is also home to many smaller minorities which make up its multicultural and multilingual populace.
Rotuman, also referred to as Rotunan, Rutuman or Fäeag Rotuma, is an Austronesian language spoken by the indigenous people of the South Pacific island group of Rotuma, an island with a Polynesian-influenced culture that was incorporated as a dependency into the Colony of Fiji in 1881 and later chose to remain with Fiji in 1970 upon independence and in 1987, when Fiji became a republic. The rotuman language is spoken by more than 2000 people on the island of Rotuma and a further 10,000 people who live or work in the Republic of Fiji.
Other Indian languages are spoken in Fiji. After the indenture system, Indians who spoke Gujarati and Punjabi arrived in Fiji as free immigrants. At present, many free settler descendants in Fiji and their families speak Tamil, Telugu, Punjabi and Gujarati at home, but all speak and communicate with each other in English.[citation needed]
Two significant languages that are seeing growth are Cantonese Chinese and Mandarin Chinese. Many Chinese settlers, especially from southern China speak Cantonese, which is quickly incorporating many Fijian and English words. Many of these migrants are farmers and are constantly exposed to the Fijian and Hindi dominated areas of rural Fiji.
Furthermore, sizeable minorities of Micronesians and Polynesians mean that Fiji is also home to various Micronesian and Polynesian languages. Significant among them are the Banaban, which is the language of the former residents of Ocean Island, which was decimated through British phosphate mining. They were given Rabi Island in North-Eastern Fiji as a new homeland and number 2000-3000. Also, Kioa, which was given to former Tuvaluans, who migrated as the consequence of overcrowding on Vaitupu. They speak Tuvaluan, a Polynesian language and number around a thousand. Also, there are many Tongan residents and Fijians of Tongan descent in Fiji. These groups speak the Tongan language or a mix of Tongan and Fijian.
See also [ edit ]
Senior Tory says in leaked email that most politicians ‘paid lip service to supposedly democratic nature of the exercise'
Ken Clarke has written to constituents who have contacted them with concerns about Britain's vote to leave the European Union to reassure them: “The referendum is not binding.”
In an email leaked to the Guardian, the Conservative grandee bemoaned the fact that most politicians “paid lip service to the supposedly democratic nature of the exercise”.
They said pro-European politicians should use opportunities in parliament to have a say over Brexit. “I think that MPs should vote according to their judgment of the national interest and the interest of their constituents,” they wrote.
The referendum was not an “instruction to any MP on how to vote” on the practical consequences around the economy, trade, migration or other arrangements that could emerge in Brexit negotiations, they said.
Instead, the MP told a resident in Rushcliffe, they would do their best “to contribute to mitigating the disaster that this decision on 23 June might otherwise cause”.
Clarke, who declined to comment on the contents of the email but did not deny they had written it, also wrote that they would be likely to vote against any move to trigger article 50, the mechanism that would begin the process of the UK leaving the EU.
However, they are unlikely to get the opportunity to do so after Downing Street said the government would not be offering MPs or peers a vote on the issue. The prime minister's official spokesperson was responding to a House of Lords constitution committee warning that it would be “constitutionally inappropriate” for Theresa May to trigger article 50 without consulting parliament.
The committee, chaired by the Conservative peer and former trade secretary Ian Lang, said it would set a “disturbing precedent” for May to act without explicit approval from MPs and lords.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Ken Clarke (L) opposes triggering article 50, which Theresa May has said they will do without consulting parliament. Photograph: Christopher Thomond for the Guardian
But Downing Street dismissed the report, saying the government “takes a different view”, and pointing out that both the Commons and Lords voted in favour of the referendum, which put the decision about EU membership into the hands of the public.
In their message, Clarke described themselves as being in the “rather exceptional position” of being a long time Europhile who had opposed the referendum and whose constituents had voted 60/40 in favour of remaining.
Although they said they would like to oppose article 50, they admitted: “There may be only a few eccentrics in the House of Commons in that lobby.”
However, Clarke, who said the constituent was one of hundreds who had written to them with concerns about Brexit, suggested MPs could cause more trouble down the line.
“More significantly, none of the Brexiteers at the moment have any clear idea of what they want to do next by way of actual change to our economy, trade, migration and other arrangements with the EU. A flood of legislation and regulations will probably have to be put before parliament over the next few years, implementing changes,” they wrote.
Andrew Bridgen, a Conservative MP whoseNorth West Leicestershire constituency is near Clarke's Rushcliffe seat, said it was “disappointing that Ken Clarke, a great parliamentarian and someone who I thought believes in real democracy could possibly say such things.
”The support they have locally in Rushcliffe delivered the only convincing remain vote in the whole of the east Midlands and as an east Midlands MP they should take that really on board. There is no need for a parliamentary vote. We've all had a vote. I had a vote and Ken had a vote. And I am disappointed in those who think some people's votes are worth more than others. Though I do have the highest respect for Ken Clarke, who has been a consistent Europhile and consistently wrong.”
PM should seek parliamentary approval over article 50, says Lords committee Read more
Clarke also called the referendum campaign “quite nasty and not very informative particularly on the leave side but sometimes on the remain side in the national reports in the media”.
It is not the first time that Clarke has made controversial comments. During the short-lived Tory leadership contest they were caught on camera describing May as a “bloody difficult woman” and predicting that Michael Gove would go to war with three countries at once as prime minister.
The email was leaked at a time when there is disagreement between the high-profile groups that have grown out of to remain and leave campaigns.
Vote Leave's successor, Change Britain, has been criticised after it included a clip of a pro-EU Labour MP on its Facebook page, suggesting they might support the group. The video shows Chuka Umunna welcoming the “overall tone” of an article written in the Sun on Sunday by the high-profile out campaigner Gisela Stuart, and saying it was important to bring people together.
But those working with Umunna said the video was cut short, and that they went on to say: “That doesn't mean that all these promises that were made during the referendum campaign by the leave campaign ... should be just discarded and forgotten.”
A source from Vote Leave Watch, a group that Umunna chairs, said: “Calling Chuka a supporter of Change Britain is like calling Boris Johnson a campaigner for honesty in politics.
“Change Britain can have their fun, but Chuka and Vote Leave Watch will continue to be relentless in holding them to account for their broken promise to spend £350m more a week on the NHS.”
I once again reiterate that it is Icelandic Met Office and Almannavarnadeild ríkislögreglustjóra that has the authority to issue warnings for Iceland in regards of eruptions and jökulhlaups.
For airborne ash advisories it is in the following order London VAAC and IMO that issues advisories. That being said here follows a brief update upon what is happening in Bárðarbunga and Grimsvötns fissure swarms.
Volcanic love in the ground
Who would have thought that the two largest volcanoes of their type on earth could make love to each other? Well, let me expound a bit on how they do it physically. For anyone who is a bit sensitive, this is where you should stop reading. It will get very graphical.
Since the seismic swarm started there has been quite a lot of confusion about what is going on, and where it is going on. Thanks to the Icelandic Met Office (IMO) we now have answers to our questions, and what glorious answers those are.
The reason the picture has been so muddy is that IMO has been swamped by earthquakes. So they have not had the time to manually correct every single one. Instead they have concentrated on the larger ones since they have a much higher importance. Remember that one M2 earthquake carries the energy of 31.6 M1 earthquakes. This means that IMO has only corrected the large ones and the smaller has been left hanging around.
Now, small earthquakes give less clear signals compared to larger earthquakes, so the smaller the earthquake, the larger the errors. So, many of the uncorrected earthquakes are several kilometers off in all directions. Think of this as a blurry picture. In this case so blurry and out of focus that what actually was going on drowned completely.
Now thanks to IMO we have maps only containing manually recalculated earthquakes, and due to that we can see what is going on and where it is going on. And out of the mist a scene of unadulterated volcanic lovemaking emerged.
Volcanic fissure swarms
The large Icelandic volcanoes are situated on something called fissure swarms; those are permanent thin areas of the crust that are permanently weakened as the continental plates pull apart. They are in a sense of it the actual rifts where the Mid Atlantic Rift (MAR) pulls apart.
Under Vatnajökull there are at least 3 fissure swarms, Bárðarbunga fissure swarm (Veidivötn to the South and Dyngjuháls to the North) Grimsvötn fissure swarm (Lakí to the South and Grimsvötn to the North) and Lángisjör. The last one we can leave for now.
On the fissure swarms you have central volcanoes. 3 are known for the Bárðarbunga fissure swarm, namely from North to South Kistufell, Bárðarbunga and Hamarinn. For Grimsvötn you have Grimsvötn, Háabunga, Thordarhyrna, Geirvörtur, Háagöngur and Éldgigur.
The central volcanoes interact with their fissure swarms in many intriguing ways. But it has been the general opinion that each fissure swarm is a system on their own. There are a couple of hypothetical places where it is suspected that some sort of mechanical interaction could exist, but there has never been any clear-cut proof of it. And there has never been any proof or even a causal chain proving movement of magma in between them.
Untill now. First I need to explain one last detail before we get to our lovemaking fissure swarms.
Radial fissures
Radial fissures are fissures that extend outwards from a central point, in this case a central volcano. Think of it like the spokes on a bike wheel. Several are known for Bárðarbunga, the most well known is the Gjálp fissure that erupted in 1996 that extends from Bárðarbunga towards Grimsvötn.
Love is in the ground
In the beginning there were two earthquake swarms. One happened at the Kistufell central volcano. We can leave that one be today. At the same time a small swarm happened inside the central volcano of Bárðarbunga that quickly moved into and along a radial fissure.
As the magma followed this radial fissure it went so far out that it encountered a new feature, the Grimsvötn fissure swarm. At that point the magma was injected into a more fertile ground and for pressure dynamic reasons it could not go towards Grimsvötn, instead it started to move further down stream of this new fissure swarm.
Now I just hope that Bárður and Grims baby will not take 9 months of birthpangs until being born.
I can't stress strongly enough how surprised I am about this. It is the single biggest surprise in my volcanic days. It is surprises like this that makes life truly worth living.
http://www.vedur.is/skjalftar-og-eldgos/yfirlit/bardarbunga-2014/
CARL
Advertisements
Pittsburgh, PA: Most noted as the first zombie of George Romero's Night of the Living Dead, camera assistant turned actor Bill Hinzman passed away Sunday at their Darlington, Pa. home due to complications with cancer. They were 75.
Their daughter, Heidi Hinzman, recently broke the news to the public. They later explained that Hinzman wished to be cremated. “He always joked if they got buried they would come back.”
Unfortunately that joke became more a reality than anyone could believe. Last night, Hinzman's body disappeared from the Beaver County morgue. Local authorities believed the loss of the body to be a prank by local youths, or perhaps insane horror fans wishing for a piece of genre history.
The answer to the missing body came early this morning, as the corpse of Bill Hinzman was found in the streets of nearby city Pittsburgh, terrorizing and eating inhabitants on their way to work. The soon spread into a zombie apocalypse fit for film, as victims quickly turned into the walking dead themselves.
“At first I thought it was buzz-builder for World War Z. I recognized Bill Hinzman himself, but was unaware that they had passed away at the time,” explained University of Pittsburgh student and horror fanatic Clint Brady. “Then I saw my friend Margie Hamilton walking around like a zombie, and knew something wasn't right. They hate zombie movies.”
Other residents of Pittsburgh witnessed the slow-moving creatures and violence as well, but shrugged it off as the ever present hangover of the Steelers not making it to the Super Bowl. “People have been mindlessly slugging about since we got Tebowed by the Broncos,” stated city resident Marcus Rutt. “That trauma could take months to overcome. Just ask the New York Jets.”
Authorities hope to eradicate the undead from the streets of Pittsburgh by the end of the day. George Romero and Tom Savini have both been called in to hunt down Bill Hinzman himself, hoping that they can be coaxed back to Darlington with promises of another movie role.
A Kalashnikov rifle was Vladimir Putin's gift to Egyptian leader Abdul Fattah al-Sisi as they arrived in Cairo to start a two-day state visit Monday.
That seems logical, since the two leaders are likely to ramp up Russian arms sales and military cooperation with Egypt, and will reportedly agree on a joint strategy to combat Islamist extremism.
But the venerable Kalashnikov is also a potent symbol of Moscow's backing for anti-Western allies over the past century. As Russia's relations with the West spiral to post-cold war lows, Mr. Putin may be reminding Egypt, a US ally whose bonds with Washington have been fraying, that there are potential alternatives to American support.
"There are new conditions in the world, so there is a new Russian foreign policy strategy. If the West will not work with Russia, we will find new partners and do whatever it takes to ensure that Russian national interests are taken care of," says Yevgeny Satanovsky, president of the independent Institute of Middle East Studies in Moscow.
More room for Russian diplomacy
The former Soviet Union was once Egypt's main supporter and arms supplier. But 40 years ago, former Egyptian leader Anwar Sadat dealt the USSR one of its most humiliating foreign policy defeats by cutting ties and expelling 20,000 Soviet advisers. Egypt subsequently became a keystone regional client state of the US and the second-largest recipient after Israel of American military aid.
But the turmoil in Egypt of the past four years, including the overthrow of a dictator and a coup against an Islamist president, has thrown those former certainties into question.
While no one thinks Russia is poised to replace the US as Egypt's main partner, particularly in the military sphere, Putin is dangling an array of modern weaponry, including MiG-29 fighters and late-model air defense systems, in addition to a $3.5 billion arms deal finalized last year. In an interview with Al-Ahram newspaper they said Russia's trade with Egypt increased by nearly half last year to about $4.6 billion, including about 40 percent of the grain consumed by Egyptians.
The trade deals may sound mundane, but Putin also reiterated their vision of a financial alternative to the Western order by proposing Russia and Egypt conduct trade in their own currencies, not the US dollar. Last year the central banks of Russia and China signed a $24 billion currency swap deal, which would enable businesses in both countries to trade goods priced in rubles or yuan.
"We already use national currencies for trade with a number of the [post-Soviet] States, and China. This practice proves its worth; we are ready to adopt it in our relations with Egypt as well," they said.
'Let's get together and work out alternatives'
Pro-regime change US policies have left Egypt out in the cold since 2011, Putin said. In a familiar complaint, they accused the US of messing up the entire Middle East and bringing mayhem to Russia's neighbor Ukraine. "Today's developments in Syria and Iraq stem, among other things, from a heavy-handed and irresponsible interference from the outside into the affairs of the region and unilateral use of force, ‘double standards,' and differentiating between ‘good' and ‘bad' terrorists," they said.
That message will resonate with many Egyptians who are disillusioned about the US role in their region, Mr. Satanovsky says.
"Putin is being careful. They aren't saying Russia can push out the US, or even wants to," they say. "Putin's just making these points, which seem self-evident to a lot of people in the Middle East these days. He's saying that the US doesn't know what it's doing and can't be trusted to be consistent about anything. That's what Russia has learned from its experience, and if others are having the same experience, well, Putin is saying, let's get together and work out alternatives."
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Andrei Klimov, deputy chair of the Russian parliament's international affairs committee, says Russia has pursued consistent policies, played a long game, and may now be ready to reap the benefits.
"The West has a persecution mania if they think we're doing everything to spite them," they say. "Russia is pursuing its own interests, and that includes helping to restore stability in the Middle East."
Media playback is not supported on this device Highlights: Hamilton Academical 1-0 Dundee United
Hamilton Academical retained their Scottish Premiership status thanks to Greg Docherty's goal in Sunday's play-off final against Dundee United.
With the tie goalless after the first leg, hosts Hamilton were denied by a brilliant Paul Dixon clearance and Cammy Bell's save from Dougie Imrie.
Docherty won it with a fine strike from Ali Crawford's excellent set-up work.
Simon Murray went close to an equaliser for United, who will play at least a second season in the Championship.
Accies were promoted to the Premiership in 2014 thanks to a play-off final win over Hibernian, and Sunday's result means they are the only side to have come up from the Championship via the play-offs since their introduction.
Docherty delight
It seems fitting that a player who came through the Hamilton youth system won such an important match for the Lanarkshire club.
Greg Docherty put an injury-hit campaign behind them by netting the winning goal
Docherty started their Hamilton career as an eight-year-old in 2005 and, now 20, struck a special winner in 2017.
The 20-yard drive was only their second goal of an injury-troubled season but the Scotland under-21 midfielder was one of the stars of the show.
Their first-half pressing and passing was excellent, so the perfect low shot into the corner after 64 minutes was well deserved.
Crawford v Bell
Amid the nerves and high balls in a tense first half, it was Hamilton's Crawford who had the best opportunities. The only problem being that Bell was equal to them.
The pick of the bunch was the United goalkeeper's diving save to stop Crawford's 12-yard effort after good work by Danny Redmond and Grant Gillespie down the right.
Dundee United's Paul Dixon made a terrific first-half clearance to deny Hamilton
Compared to their usual high standards, Crawford has been quiet on the goals front in 2017. But they looked busy and creative in both of these play-off matches as they tried to save the club they came through the youth academy at from dropping into Scotland's second tier.
Their earlier range-finder had been spilled by Bell, only for Dixon to beat Danny Redmond to the rebound and make an excellent clearance.
The visitors struggled for any fluency in the first half, with their best chances coming at the start and end of the opening 45 minutes.
Accies' on-loan Norwich goalkeeper Remi Matthews kept out Tony Andreu's flick early on before brilliantly tipping over to prevent Scott McMann turning into their own net.
Four seasons
At the start of each campaign Hamilton are often the team tipped for the drop, but they will now enjoy a fourth consecutive season in the top flight.
This was a hugely disappointing day for United, who fell at the final hurdle following a six-game play-off slog.
Simon Murray had two great chances near the end to equalise, but lifted their first narrowly over before sending their next effort straight at Matthews.
Dundee United's Simon Murray passed up their side's best chances against Hamilton.
Eddie Jones could lose Mike Brown for England's autumn internationals after the Harlequins director of rugby, John Kingston, conceded they are in the dark over the extent of the full-back's ankle injury.
Brown underwent a scan on the ankle on Wednesday after reaggravating the problem, first suffered 10 days ago, against Leicester on Saturday. Kingston confirmed Brown required a protective boot following Harlequins' loss against the Tigers and that they will miss out at Northampton on Saturday.
The Premiership's injury price tag is mounting and attitudes need to change | Robert Kitson Read more
It is a potential headache for Jones, with Anthony Watson also among the eight players unable to take full part in England training in Oxford on Monday due to the knee injury that forced them out of Bath's defeat by Newcastle.
“We have got a scan being on done on them having realised they are not quite right,” Kingston said. “He has been away with England for two or three days and they have done some treatment on it.  They are not fit to play this weekend. It's clearly something that's not quite right and therefore, after he's reaggravated it, it's better to leave it a bit and give it some more time.”
Brown is 32, and while they have started all but one of England's matches under Jones, the Australian has for a while hinted at giving Watson or Elliot Daly a run at full-back. But Kingston added: “Mike Brown is the first-choice full-back for England in my book and people will always say ‘who are the competitors?' – that is the nature of the business. They want to play well for England, they want to be involved in the World Cup – and there's no reason they can't be. It would be a big mistake to write them off.”
Joe Marler (ribs) and Dylan Hartley, who has a hand injury, were also part of the eight unable to train fully during England's three-day camp in Oxford, though the outlook for both is brighter. The England captainadded their voice to that of Brown, Marler, Ben Youngs and Billy Vunipola in expressing histhe concerns about Premiership Rugby's plans for a 10-month season – 11 for international players – but said it had not been discussed in Oxford.
Asked if there is a need for players to formulate a collective response, they said: “I think we need to do that. I can't obviously speak for every player, but the general feeling is that an extended season is not welcome. This is not just about England players, this is about all the players in the Premiership. It's not on me, as England captain, to make a call on this or lead things.
“I don't know much about it, but I know my voice will carry so I need to educate myself on the issue, but I don't know where to get the information from. I have a responsibility as a player to voice my opinion but are there formal talks? I don't know what's going on with it.
“ There has been talk about rotation and bigger squads, so maybe we would end up playing less games. Until I've seen the structure and how they propose to do it, I can't comment any further. But initially I think if they are talking about playing more games then player welfare is going to go on the back-burner.”
England Women's autumn fixtures have been confirmed, with three games against Canada in November. The first game will be at Allianz Park on Friday 17November, the second at The Stoop on Tuesday 21 November and the third at Twickenham on Saturday 25 November , with free entry after the men's game against Samoa.
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
Dec. 22, 2016, 10:55 PM GMT / Source: TODAY By Arin Greenwood
The other day, Bobby Mann arrived to work at the Front Street Animal Shelter, Sacramento's city shelter, at 5 a.m. They found a man sitting outside the front door.
"(I) asked them if I could help them with anything," Mann, the shelter's director of communications, said to TODAY. "He told me they got in line at 2:30 a.m."
The man said he'd come that early because there was a Chihuahua puppy they wanted to adopt. And given how busy the place had been recently — with lines of 100 to 200 people, and the shelter running out of dogs — the man didn't want to run the risk of missing out.
Daisy with their new mom, Susan Durst. Durst told TODAY that Daisy's just been to the vet for a checkup, and "she did so great." Marilyn Clark
"It's been remarkable for us," Mann said. "It's been amazing."
This incredible surge began about a month ago, when Sacramento real estate agent Kim Pacini-Hauch made the generous offer to cover all the shelter's adoption fees through the end of the year. Usually, it costs $80 to $100 to adopt a dog, and $65 for a cat.
“I couldn't believe that there were a thousand animals here waiting for adoption," Pacini-Hauch told CBS News "Well, then I'm gonna sponsor to empty the shelter.”
RELATED: Grieving Labrador retriever cares for orphaned litter: 'Those are their puppies'
More than 800 pets have been adopted thanks to the "Home for the Pawlidays" promotion. Front Street Animal Shelter
Mann said some 800 pets have already been adopted since the “Home for the Pawlidays” promotion launched in mid-November; normally, the shelter sees about 400 to 500 adoptions per month. In fact, there have been so many adoptions that Front Street has taken in animals from other California shelters in order to meet demand.
For those concerned that waiving adoption fees means the pets could go to worse homes, that's not what the research shows. Animals whose adoption fees are waived are just as loved and just as likely to stay in their new homes. Here's even a little more reassurance: Mann told TODAY the shelter is using the same adoption screening process as when the regular adoption fees are in effect.
Robert Gray adopted Cali, a formerly abused dog, from the Front Street Animal Shelter prior to the holiday promotion. "Cali is doing great" — they make wonderfully goofy faces, and "loves ripping all their toys to absolute shreds," Gray told TODAY. "She deserves them happily ever after, since their start was so awful." Jessi Gray
RELATED: ASPCA Kid of the Year helps dogs, cats, geese, orcas — even goldfish
Susan Durst says it's thanks to program that they and their wife, Stormiblu Homdus, adopted a deaf 14-year-old dog named Daisy.
"Not because we couldn't afford the adoption fees," Durst said in an email. "But since the free adoptions special, Front Street was running out of adoptable animals...Daisy, and Kim, are our Christmas miracles and we will never forget either of them."
And it's not just Front Street animals and their new families who have felt the benefits.
Elizabeth Laverty and Kevin Williamson, a retired couple of animal lovers, were so inspired by Pacini-Hauch's donation that they decided to cover the adoption fees at their local shelter, the Placer SPCA in Roseville, California.
Chief executive officer Leilani Fratis said that as a result, adoptions are up 35 percent. Which, in turn, has allowed the Placer SPCA to "pull" dogs and cats from neighboring shelters to ensure those pets also find loving homes.
RELATED: At this special ranch, veterans find hope, healing after wounds of war
"To really appreciate these numbers I suppose you just need to remember, these aren't just statistics, they are lives," Fratis said.
"We are so happy thinking of the lives that have been transformed by their new companions," said Laverty. "We hope that more folks will be inspired by our gift, just as we were inspired by Kim Pacini-Hauch's gift to Front Street Animal Shelter."
The adoption promotion has inspired others to make similar generous donations. Front Street Animal Shelter
That's what Pacini-Hauch hopes, too: that their donation — which they expect, by the end of the year, will come to as much as $20,000 — will lead to more and more copycats, triggering publicity that will attract more people into shelters to look for their next furry companion.
"My greatest hope is that this simple concept has created a heightened awareness that you can find the pet of your dreams at any local shelter across the country," they told TODAY.
RELATED: See this girl's amazing reaction as their stuffed animal transforms into a real-life puppy
Pacini-Hauch doesn't have to look any further than their own home for proof of how well "Home for the Pawlidays" works. Just after the program launched, they wound up sponsoring their own adoption fee for a little Chihuahua named Mindy.
It was love at first sight when Kim Pacini-Hauch met Mindy while filming a TV spot to promote "Home for the Pawlidays." Courtesy of Kim Pacini-Hauch
The two met while filming a TV spot about the initiative. Mindy was suffering from a host of skin problems, as well as a double hernia, but sat perfectly on Pacini-Hauch's lap throughout the interview.
"I held them for about an hour," they said. "I just fell in love."
It is not everyday that I happen to read something in the blogging world or on the internet that gets my dander up. But, I just happened to catch something over on VDare.com that really had me seeing red.
Steve Sailer over at VDare.com happens to highlight a posting of Matthew Yglesias over at Slate that links to an article by a Christopher T. Mahoney who used to be the former Vice Chairman of Moody's.
In this article, he, of course, rips on the right and the austrian school of economics; which is fine, they are a liberal and they really do not like the idea of hard money. But this quote below goes further than that, it is a stereotyping of Jews and Gentiles. Check it out:
Why is the Right so in love with hard money, low inflation, and high unemployment? Here is my answer: because they do not believe that there is such a thing as a free lunch. You could spread out a smorgasbord of caviar, salmon, lobster and Dom Perignon, and they would turn their heads and eat a cheese sandwich. Reflation is easy and thus sinful. It's that Protestant thing. The only people who understand monetary policy are Jews and Catholics.
Now, let me ask you a simple question. Could you imagine the outrage, if someone, like me; wrote about the travails of the fact that Jews basically run the federal reserve bank? Which is sort of true. Anyhow, would I not be condemned as an anti-semite? I have been, I know what that is all about. So, why does this guy get away with basically saying that non-Catholics don't get banking and money? Is that not a bigoted statement? I believe it is, and think this man needs to apologize for this sort of rubbish.
Why, you ask? Because it plays into a bunch of negative stereotypes about Jews. Secondly, it strikes me a greatly bigoted towards Protestant Christians. I mean, if I cannot get away with making asinine comments about Jews on this blog, which I would never do. Then this guy should not be allowed to get away with writing this sort of rubbish at all.
It amazes me how liberals just love pushing division among Americans like this here. It is their MO and they've been doing it for years; but this is just outright blatant and it should not be tolerated.
A documentary promising to be the Bitcoin film “that you will watch with your parents” has reached its goals on Kickstarter and is set to begin production immediately.
The brainchild of media entrepreneur, filmmaker and angel investor Torsten Hoffmann, ‘Bitcoin: The End of Money as you know it' seeks to finally bridge the gap to full-scale understanding of Bitcoin and the promise it holds for the future.
“Thanks so much for everyone who supported us or shared our project which is already being recognized as a “Must Watch Documentary,'” Hoffmann wrote on the Kickstarter page, referring to the project becoming one of six films to be featured in a Coindesk summary.
The film has far outstripped its AU$10,000 goal, having gained a total of AU$15,362 in backing as of July 4.
And it is perhaps no wonder. Hoffmann's project is honed and refined, tackling one of the ‘ultimate' issues in Bitcoin with minimal evangelist jargon to maximum effect.
“Our mission is to get the audience questioning paper money and curious about Bitcoin,” Hoffmann said in a press release.
“Hopefully our film will be the one that you will recommend to your parents or non-tech friends in order for them to ‘get it.'”
Skeptics camera-shy
Interviews with some of Bitcoin's leading lights have already been shot, and the success of the campaign will allow more time to be spent on post-production and additional location filming. Hoffmann explains:
“We were surprised how accessible some of the Bitcoin thought-leaders and famous advocates were and that is why we already have a lot of great interviews from Miami, Toronto and New York. Interestingly it is much harder to find Bitcoin skeptics and critics willing to share their thoughts on camera, so we still need help with that.”
Hoffmann was adamant from the outset “not to make a film about Bitcoin,” instead taking the audience back to the fundamental concepts of money, its history and intrinsic value in order to explain the banking system and how Bitcoin is apt to definitively change the landscape.
It is a point they seek to bring home time and time again, with incentives for backers including up to a ten trillion dollar note from Zimbabwe and 5 million dinara offering left over from Yugoslavia. “We must revisit past periods of hyperinflation and national debt crises - and that's why we reward our supporters with ten trillion dollar notes from Zimbabwe,” they explained on the project's Kickstarter page.
Further perks available to users include mentions in the film credits and even the opportunity to become an executive producer and be deeply involved in the filmmaking process itself.
Once production is complete, Hoffmann furthermore has few concerns about getting their film into the spotlight and before the eyes of an international audience.
“…The production company has existing relationships with companies like Netflix USA, Virgin UK, Orange France, Deutsche Telekom Germany, Sky Italia, NBC Universal, Samsung Electronics.
“I have negotiated all these deals for other documentaries in the past 2 years… while it is hard to say who will actually license The End of Money, I am very confident that we will reach millions of viewers all over the world.”
They added that this was “the reason why we got Emmy-nominated director Michael Watchulonis on the team.”
The funding period is due to end July 12, and the Kickstarter project may be accessed here. Hoffmann meanwhile is hopeful of obtaining significant outreach prior to the deadline. Hoffmann concluded:
“Hopefully we will get even more press attention and Kickstarter supporters in our last week in order to afford more production days in Seoul, Singapore, Melbourne, Berlin and London/ Oxford where we are already in touch with the local communities.”
Photo
Social media is about sharing ever more information about ourselves with an ever-larger crowd. But some of the most valuable information, about things like health and children, needs to be kept close. Now there is a social site for that, too, and it comes from a well-known name in technology.
Jonathan Schwartz, the former chief executive of Sun Microsystems, is cofounder of CareZone, a service that enables families to organize care of their loved ones. CareZone provides secure storage of patient information like medical records and prescriptions, plus critical phone numbers and digitized documents associated with care, like insurance information. There is also a journal feature, for keeping notes on things patent conditions and future appointments.
“It's a biological reality that we are all going to take care of somebody,” says Mr. Schwartz, who oversaw the sale of Sun to Oracle in 2009. “You need a safe place to keep information about things like doctors, care and medicines. You need to be able to share that with your spouse, your immediate family and trusted neighbors.”
The service was introduced last February with little notice, and while Mr. Schwartz would not say how many subscribers they had attracted, they say it is growing. On Tuesday, Mr. Schwartz added voice broadcast and calendar features to make the site both more functional and more accessible to larger groups of people.
The calendar enables subscribers to assign tasks, like picking up medication or taking someone for an examination. The broadcast service enables messages of up to 10 minutes to be sent to the phones of up to 100 people at a time. Formerly a Web-based service, the company is adding a mobile application.
Photo
CareZone is not taking the usual social media route of targeted advertising, since the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, closely guards how medical information may be shared. “Advertising and HIPAA are oil and water,” Mr. Schwartz says, adding that CareZone will have an overt policy of “no ads, no data mining.”
It is an interesting reflection of changing times. During the early days of the Internet, Scott McNealy, Sun's co-founder and Mr. Schwartz's onetime mentor, was known for saying that “privacy is dead; get over it.” Now that we are under even more corporate surveillance, Mr. Schwartz calls privacy “something people will pay for. There is a lot of value in the data that only you have.”
The trick is to keep things private, but widen the circle of trust to include larger organizations that participate in care, and also pay. The new features are intended to make CareZone an attractive tool for home care workers, outpatient hospitals and church groups trying to establish food and care services for a parishioner.
While the main application is free for up to five individuals under care, starting Jan. 1 it will cost $5 a month or $49 a year to use CareZone for five to 10 people. From 10 to 100 individuals, CareZone charges $25 a month. There may be additional charges for above 100 people. CareZone will also add other paid features, like charging for lots of data storage.He figures that professional caregivers will pay for the service because it will help them manage patients.
“My bet is that a year from now hospitals will be a revenue stream,” says Mr. Schwartz. “Pharmacies and hospitals are looking to communicate with you in a secure way.”
JACKSONVILLE, Onslow County - Ten North Carolina men were arrested Tuesday and Wednesday for allegedly engaging in illegal dog fighting and selling narcotics in Onslow County, according to the United States Attorney's Office for the Eastern District of North Carolina.
The following individuals were indicted in a 17-count indictment returned by a federal Grand Jury:
Lewis Edmond Andrews, Jr., 41 of Maple Hill Ronnie Jeremy Thompson, 39 of Jacksonville William Jay Farrior, a/k/a "Bo", 36 of Maple Hill Randall Jacob James, a/k/a "Slim", 32 of Maple Hill Mark Anthony West, 52 of Jacksonville Leo Chadwick, 63 of Hubert Aaron Richardson, a/k/a "Jit", 41 of Jacksonville Cedric Gerard Cook, 38 of Fayetteville James David Martin, 38 of Maple Hill James Leslie Golden, III, 46 of Ayden
Andrews, Thompson, West, Chadwick, Richardson, Cook, and Martin were charged with conspiracy to violate the animal welfare act.
The federal Animal Welfare Act makes it a felony punishable by up to five years in prison to fight dogs or to possess, train, sell, buy, deliver, receive or transport dogs intended for use in dog fighting.
According to the indictment, as part of the conspiracy, the defendants and their co-conspirators purchased, received, bred, trained, conditioned, transported, and delivered dogs for the purpose of entering them in dog fights. The defendants and their co-conspirators placed bets on animal fighting ventures, sometimes wagering as much as $100,000 on a single fight. Golden was charged with a misdemeanor for attending two dog fights.
Andrews, Farrior, and James are charged with conspiracy to possess with intent to distribute cocaine,"crack", and heroin. West was also charged with distributing cocaine base "crack" within one thousand feet of Jacksonville Senior High School in Jacksonville.
Upon the arrests of the defendants, search warrants were executed on four properties suspected of containing dogs and dog fighting paraphernalia. In that process, approximately 156 dogs were seized.
The case is being investigated by the Federal Bureau of Investigation, Jacksonville Police Department and Onslow County Sheriff's Office.
Over the weekend, famed female talk show host Chelsea Handler shared a piece of their private history with the world. In an essay published on Playboy's website, the comedian best known for their brash, take-no-prisoners tone, shared that at the age of 16, they underwent not one but two abortions:
“I was going through a very bad stage in my life. I hated my parents and I was having unprotected sex with my boyfriend, who was not someone I should've been having sex with in the first place, nevermind unprotected sex. I wasn't really playing with a full deck of cards.”
This essay does not mark the first time Handler has opened up about abortion. In a 2012 interview with Rosie O'Donnell, Handler said, “You should do whatever you want with your body and you shouldn't let anyone tell you what to do.” But the Playboy essay reveals some startling new information—Handler admitted to a second pregnancy by the same young man, along with a subsequent abortion.
“Getting unintentionally pregnant more than once is irresponsible, but it's still necessary to make a thoughtful decision. We all make mistakes all the time. I happened to fuck up twice at the age of 16. I'm grateful that I came to my senses and was able to get an abortion legally without risking my health or bankrupting myself or my family. I'm 41 now. I don't ever look back and think, God, I wish I'd had that baby.”
Handler's confession is already inciting ire across the web:
Clearly, Handler has struck a nerve. Yet people seem to be missing what might actually be the heart of Handler's essay. Near the end of the piece, they make some pretty bold observations about our political discourse surrounding women and the legislation of their bodies:
“I don't buy that Roe v. Wade is in danger. We're too far ahead of the game. Once you go forward in history, you don't go backward. That would be like the government saying, ‘Okay, we're taking away your right to vote too.' You can't introduce a black person and be like, ‘Oh, I just got a slave!' That era is over. It's similar to what's happening in Mississippi and some other states with gay-marriage discrimination—marriage equality is going to take. You can't stop that. We've already made the decision, and now we're moving on to transgender rights. And it's a wrap on men deciding what women can do with their bodies.”
The thing is, though, it isn't a wrap. As Nancy Northup, president and chief executive of the Center for Reproductive Rights, wrote in a 2014 Washington Post opinion piece, “Since 2011, more than half the states in the nation have significantly restricted access to abortions. That's more restrictions in the past three years than were enacted in the previous decade.”
Northup added that the “hollowing” of Roe v. Wade by these restrictive laws was a “new tactic [seeking] legitimate cover for the illegitimate goal of denying significant numbers of American women access to safe, legal, essential reproductive health care.”
However, perhaps in small part due to women like Handler opening up about their own reproductive needs and rights, the tides may be changing. While Handler's view may be a wildly optimistic take on America, politicians, and the constituents they represent, for now, politicians appear to be on women's side. Just this week, the Supreme Court had to step in to strike down a Texas abortion access law that would have likely shut down most, if not all, of the clinics in the state.
The biggest takeaway here might be that the more women open up about their experiences with abortion, the easier it will be for everyone to accept it as our new normal. Luckily, more women will be sharing their abortion stories starting August 12, when HBO releases its latest documentary, Abortion: Stories Women Tell in select theaters across the country. As the film's release material describes, Abortion will focus “not on the debate, but rather on the women themselves: those struggling with unplanned pregnancies, and the providers who show up at clinics to give medical care, as well as the activists on both sides of the issue, hoping to sway decisions and lives.”
Perhaps by continuing to tell their truthful stories women will win the right to no longer have to discuss their own bodies with the world.
Oh look. Our favorite Philadelphia degenerates the Holy Mess have a new album out and we're not even quite sure what to make of it. On Comfort in the Discord, the three-piece continues to further distance itself from the piles and piles of interchangeable gruff punk bands out there. In only 10 songs, they dip into various musical territories that differ greatly but still somehow have this strange, common thread that ties them all together. Some songs lean more melodic, others are faster and more furious, and there's a fluid, seamless transitioning between it all. The album actually sounds a lot like the cover art (done by the legendary purveyor of vom-art, Steak Mtn) looks—different colors from the same weird palate. All smashed together, all totally gross and wonderful.
Comfort in the Discord is out next week. Order it on vinyl right here or digitally for only $5 on their Bandcamp.
Forty people, including eight children, were injured in Germany after a man pepper-sprayed asylum seekers at a refugee shelter. Police arrested the 28-year-old male suspect, who tested positive for alcohol and illegal drugs.
Dozens of people were sprayed inside a former hospital in the town of Massow, which was recently converted into refugee housing, the Local reported. The man was then overpowered and locked in an empty room, witnesses told the Berliner Morgenpost.
The refugees, who were examined by authorities, were found to have irritation of the respiratory tract and eyes. Two adults and eight children were taken to hospital following the Tuesday night incident.
Police said on Wednesday that the 28-year-old suspect from Sachsen was intoxicated, registering a blood alcohol level of .25 percent. They also tested positive for amphetamine and methamphetamine, and was already known to police for their drug use, RBB reported.
The suspect – who was employed at a building firm working at the site of the refugee shelter – was staying at a hotel in the same complex, and therefore had access to the secured area, according to police.
Germany has witnessed numerous attacks on refugees over the past several weeks, including arson attacks on shelters. The country's far right has also staged numerous anti-immigrant protests.
Referring to anti-immigrant clashes, which left 31 officers injured earlier this month, Chancellor Angela Merkel said the incident was “shameful and repulsive.”
Far right threaten German politician with beheading after refugee shelter burned http://t.co/o7I9CkuvTv#Troeglitzpic.twitter.com/c8AEVZJiDS — RT (@RT_com) April 7, 2015
Merkel has also said there is “no tolerance” for those who are “not willing to help where legal and human help is required.”
The German chancellor was booed as they made their way to a refugee center in the town of Heidenau last week, with demonstrators holding signs calling them a traitor.
Numerous pro-refugee rallies have been held throughout Germany in response to anti-immigrant demonstrations.
Germany expects to receive up to 800,000 asylum applications in 2015 – more than the entire EU combined in 2014.
LISTEN MORE:
Protest in Budapest
Hundreds of refugees staged a protest in front of a Budapest railway station on Wednesday, demanding to be allowed onto trains bound for Germany.
Shouting “Freedom! Freedom!” in front of Budapest's Keleti station, the refugees demanded that officials allow them onto trains, Reuters reported. Around 100-150 people took part, according to AFP.
More than 2,000 refugees, including families with children, were waiting in the square at the station in extreme heat on Wednesday.
Police said in a statement that the group "demanded to be allowed to travel on to Germany...police have taken the necessary security steps to ensure that train traffic is undisturbed."
But the protesters say they aren't giving up – and won't budge until they're allowed to travel to Germany.
"Normal people, abnormal people, educated, uneducated, doctors, engineers, any people, we're staying here. Until we go by train to Germany," Mohammad, a Syrian protesting at the station, told AFP.
EU refugee crisis: Austria tightens borders, Hungary seeks answers from Germany http://t.co/R3ZKrzdgYgpic.twitter.com/jfZl5rTxoV — RT (@RT_com) August 31, 2015
"And this is what we will be doing [protesting] for the next day, for the next month, for the next year and for our whole life. We need our rights...it's not our dream to stay here and to sleep in the streets,” they added.
One of the refugees said that time is of the essence.
"We fear that one day everything will change, that even Germany will close the border when it has had enough, so we must make our journey extremely fast," Bilal, a Syrian from the divided city of Aleppo, said on Tuesday.
Hungarian police fire tear gas to 'pacify' overcrowded migrant camp http://t.co/yKLsxeO8K2pic.twitter.com/oCg6oWj2b7 — RT (@RT_com) June 29, 2015
Also on Wednesday, around 100 refugees arriving from a registration center near the border with Serbia were sitting on a platform at a suburban rail station, refusing to board a train to Debrecen refugee camp in eastern Hungary.
The protest comes just one day after Hungarian police blocked access to the station for anyone without an EU visa. The decision on Tuesday came after Hungary had already allowed thousands of refugees to board trains bound for Germany and Austria earlier this week.
But authorities are unlikely to allow refugees to board trains anytime soon, with a spokesperson for the government telling Reuters that “in the territory of the EU, illegal migrants can travel onwards only with valid documents and observing EU rules.”
Hungary has seen more than 150,000 refugees crossing through its territory this year alone. The country has constructed a razor-wire barrier along its border with Serbia in an attempt decrease the flow of refugees entering its territory.
Refugees or migrants?
As media outlets across the globe continue to cover the crisis being faced by Europe, many choose to use the word migrant – though many are actually refugees.
While a migrant is someone who moves to a new place to seek work or better living conditions, a refugee is forced to leave their country due to war, persecution, or natural disaster.
Although EU officials continuously refer to Europe's situation as a “migrant crisis,” many of those entering the continent are actually fleeing wars in Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria.
The United Nations says clarification is important, as “the two terms have different meanings, and confusing them leads to problems for both populations.”
“We all have a role to play...to ensure that we use the right words. Because words matter. First of all, we're talking about people. We're talking about men, we're talking about women, we're talking about children. Each deserving of human dignity,” Stephane Dujarric, spokesperson for UN Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon, told RT.
The EU will hold emergency talks on September 14 to discuss Europe's escalating refugee and migrant crisis.
“Soon, the Here bud may be a big part of how we interact with the world.” - .mic
“Two wireless earbuds and a smartphone app may soon change the way we hear our favorite bands and concerts.” - Rolling Stone
“The world sounds a lot nicer with Here in my ears .” - Wired
HERE IS A WIRELESS INTERACTIVE LISTENING SYSTEM
Through two truly wireless, in-ear buds and a smartphone app, Here allows you to instantly control real world audio so you can hear what you want to hear - no matter the situation - and be fully immersed in your audio environment.
Here does not stream or play recorded music. Instead, the Digital Signal Processor (DSP) inside Here acts as a studio in your ears by providing you with a volume knob, equalizer and effects to transform real world audio. Use this “remote control for your ears” to have an optimal listening experience every time.
HERE PROVIDES AUDIO CURATION TOOLS FOR EVERY LIVE ENVIRONMENT
Here has been engineered to give you control of any and all live listening experiences: Suppress the jet engine on an airplane. Reduce a baby crying. Boost the bass at a club. Live mix a concert by adding reverb. Enhance your senses and personalize every listening experience.
THE TECH
The technology used in Here is fundamentally different from any audio technology that has come before it. Here uses a variety of signal processing algorithms that target specific frequency ranges to modify sound as it enters your ears. Each Here bud captures incoming sound waves, processes the audio, and then plays back the desired result with no perceivable latency (i.e. in under 30 microseconds).
HERE LISTENING (SIMULATED)
Although nothing compares to actually experiencing the live curation provided by the Here system, we've put together a clip (an original track by our very own graphic designer, Geoff Lynn of the Newcomers Club) that simulates some of its functions.
The track below illustrates how a few features that will be available in the Here app—Bass Boost, Treble Boost, Reverb, and Flange—are intended to sound when you use the Here Active Listening System:
THE FIRST TRUE HEARABLE
Here is not meant to replace your headphones, headsets, or earbuds. The Here Active Listening System is designed for live listening environments, and is optimized for targeted, episodic use in live scenarios (e.g. concerts, stadiums, flights) where you can control and curate what's happening in real time. Put simply, earbuds are for listening to recorded audio. Here buds are for engaging with real world sound.
CURATE LIVE MUSIC AND CREATE YOUR OWN SONIC WORLD
The Here system has been optimized for live music, so we invited two of the world's top violinists to our NY office to put it to the test. Watch Charles Yang and Tessa Lark demo an early Here prototype and experiment with live EQ:
HANS AND HERE
Hans Zimmer, legendary film composer and music producer, has been an invaluable partner in helping us ensure that Here's functionality is optimized for live music listening. Watch below as they explore an early Here prototype and talks about the future of sound, music listening, technology, and the vast potential of what Here could mean for the future of how we hear the world:
DESIGN
Given that it's the first product of its kind, Here presented a unique challenge for our design team. We wanted to create a wearable that you would be proud to wear - something that was both functional and elegant. To achieve this, we developed a product architecture that optimizes battery power and efficiency, while being discreet enough to allow you to bae yourself in social settings.
The simple shape of the Here buds masks the complexity of its many components. It took us months to figure out how to fit so much tech into a small form factor that sits comfortably and securely within the ear. The inner shape of the Here buds is the result of countless iterations and prototypes, tested and evaluated hundreds of times. To further optimize comfort and performance, Here has three interchangeable sizes of custom designed silicone tips.
ENGINEERING PROCESS
Here is redefining the limits of low-power signal processing and in-ear audio computing. We've chosen a comprehensive combination of hardware components and features for optimal live audio processing (and listening): a low power ARM processor for effects and EQ calculations, an ultra low latency audio input/output system, and a Bluetooth Low Energy (BLE) radio for control via smart phone. Our premium low-noise MEMS microphones handle massive SPL, while the powerful driver can add or subtract wide-band audio so that you can tailor your sound experience in even the loudest of acoustic environments.
On the mechanical side, we carefully selected materials and engineered complex internal air spaces to allow for maximum sound reduction, targeted signal processing and deep bass. We ran tests in simulation on our boards and on our early “Franken-Here” models (see below) to ensure the highest quality performance.
TESTING
After countless months of testing the Here system in our lab, Jacob (our Director of Design) and Andrew (Senior Product Engineer) went undercover with an early working prototype to try out the Here buds during our partnership activation at Coachella 2015. It was important for us to make sure that Here worked in a loud, real world music setting, and we couldn't think of a better environment than Coachella. Check it out!
THE DOPPLER LABS VISION: IMMERSIVE WEARABLE TECHNOLOGY
At Doppler Labs, we believe in a post-mobile future where tech gets out of the way of the human experience. We believe wearable technology should integrate seamlessly into our lives and enable us to curate our environment to our liking. In service of that vision, we build products that give you the tools to engage with the world around you without removing you from the moment or experience.
The Here Active Listening System is the first step in pursuing that vision. We wanted to provide the best sound quality at shows, remove unwanted noise, and fix sleepless overnight flights, so we created an elegant solution to give you control of your audio environment.
As our technology becomes more powerful with each iteration (and each additional user), we open up doors for future innovation. The possibilities of what we can do with a speaker, microphone, and computer in your ear are limitless, from using voice as an input modality and speech as an output modality to transforming the fundamentals of human communication.
WHERE WE'VE BEEN: DUBS ACOUSTIC FILTERS
We launched DUBS Acoustic Filters in September 2014 and since then have sold hundreds of thousands of DUBS, won several design awards, and most importantly have gained the praise of audiophiles around the world, with some even claiming that the DUBS Acoustic Filters were "the best thing I bought this year".
By creating the DUBS, we were able to gain valuable experience. We assembled a team with proven expertise in launching new products, forged partnerships across the music space (e.g. Coachella, Tao Group, SoulCycle, Bonnaroo/Outside Lands, AM Only, Tiesto, Hans Zimmer, Quincy Jones), learned valuable information about our ears (their shape and how they perceive sound), and worked out the kinks of manufacturing products in China.
This experience has proven invaluable to the development of our team as we begin to ramp up for production of the Here Active Listening System. Given our track record, we are highly confident in our ability to deliver a great product and deliver it in the projected timeframe.
MEET THE HERE TEAM
Our confidence in our vision is founded in the expertise of our highly experienced team of designers, engineers, technologists and business leaders.
Doppler Labs is dedicated to our vision of enhancing all aspects of the listening experience by building immersive wearable technology. Each team member plays a critical role in helping us achieve our vision, drawing on their own personal experience building and shipping products for major tech companies like Apple, Amazon, Google and Microsoft, and disruptive start-ups like ClassPass, Dropbox, Palantir, Sonos, and Tesla (via Interlink Electronics).
We are launching the Here Active Listening System on Kickstarter because we believe in cultivating a community who can contribute to the development of Here. Through Kickstarter we are able to reach the most forward-thinking, passionate people who can provide us with valuable feedback that will help make our product great. Launching a new technology is hard. And we can use all the help we can get.
So if you are interested in music, sound, wearables, the future of hearing, bionics or computing, join us in the movement to optimize the way we experience real world audio, and help us change the way we all hear the world.
Are you a software developer?
Join us in making Here more than just a product. If you are a developer, we would love your help in growing the Here system into a platform for your ears.
For priority access to our forthcoming developer platform and first tier support from the Doppler Labs team, be sure to choose one of the two developer package options when selecting your reward.
Are you a producer, musician, or artist?
We want Here to redefine the way we listen to live music. As music lovers ourselves, we have optimized the Here system for live music and surrounded ourselves with some of the foremost composers and producers in the world.
Our team at Doppler Labs has made huge strides but we can only get better with the input of sound designers, engineers, producers and musicians. Choose our producers package or sign up to get involved and stay up to date.
EXPECTED DELIVERY
We expect to deliver Here to you in December 2015. We have calculated this date based on years of manufacturing experience. Your Here t-shirt and limited-edition numbered Here prints will be delivered to you by August 2015. If you're a developer, we plan to ship your DVT pair in late October. All deliveries to US addresses will be completed free of charge. Backers shipping to addresses outside of the US should add $30 to their pledge amount for shipping.
REWARDS
WARRANTY
Each pair of Here buds comes with a 30-day (after we ship it) money-back guarantee and a 1-year limited warranty. You can find more information on our Return and Warranty Policy page.
PRIVACY POLICY
Our privacy policy can be found here.
CONTACT US
Questions? Shoot us an email at support@dopplerlabs.com.
Something else you're wondering about? Contact us.
SPECS
Fit Style: In the ear
Driver Size: 8mm
Frequency Response: 20 - 20,000 Hz
Cable Type: None
Microphone: MEMS omni-directional
Output: Peak SPL TBA (starting at ~100dB)
Bluetooth: Bluetooth Low Energy 4.0
Battery: Lithium-ion rechargeable battery, 4-6 hours depending on usage
Weight: 9.5 - 10g
Compatibility: Any iOS or Android device that supports BLE (Android 4.4 and up)
COMPONENT LAYOUT
The differences between prescriptivism and descriptivism is the reason of the ongoing war sparked between the supporters of each. Many people see the two as one is right and the other is wrong; one improves language while the other does not. They do not see that both of them can work with each other to some degree as they had been ever since the rules ‘correct' spelling and pronunciation of English words had developed. As history has shown, the coexistence of prescriptivism and descriptivism had occurred ever since the development of the English language from its proto-language. Throughout the English eras (Old English, Middle English, Early New English and Modern English), each subsystem had undergone changes while still maintaining certain English rules from each period. For example, descriptivism had clearly taken place throughout the years as there had been an increase in lexicology from the publishing of the first Oxford English Dictionary to the current copy. Lexemes such as ‘pulchritudihous', an adjective for physically beautiful would not have been in the first printed copy. As well as in the addition and obsolescence to lexemes (rabbit and coney), morpheme (-ing and -ed) and variations in spelling (vyolence and violence) , there had been changes in phonology due to events such as ‘The Great Vowel Shift', occurring in the late Middle English period. However, even with this, people couldn't help but argue about them. So the main debate between them is whether or not grammar is something that can be naturally learnt or something that had to be taught? It would be easier to acknowledge that both can benefit from each together but the problem is that different people's opinions are getting in the way in keeping the two separate. One believes that it would make the language easier if it is flexible whereas the other insists that language should behave in an orderly fashion. To be honest, it is better to support both. By stepping into the shoes of the two enable English speakers to see the best of both sides. As quoted from Priestly, reforming a language would be like “trying to rope in a river”. Language cannot be fully uniformed, as there would be lexemes that come and go and changes in semantics of lexemes caused by new inventions and discoveries. However tools such as dictionary and education are dependent on prescriptivism, tools that native speakers need to communicate. Hence, as mentioned before, prescriptivism and descriptivism is both required in English. Everyone must be taught, in school, the standard rules of the language (spelling, grammar and punctuation) as it is required for clear communication with speakers of the language around the world. However it is important to accept any new natural changes to the language as it enable the evolution of the language.
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
A London teenager has been found guilty of stabbing a police dog and an officer in a dramatic chase following a suspected robbery.
The boy, 16, who cannot be named because of their age, knifed German Shepherd dog Finn with a 12-inch hunting blade after they were chased through the streets of Stevenage in the early hours of October 5 last year.
The teenager admitted possessing a knife and imitation firearm but claimed they were acting in self-defence after fearing for their safety and being “bitten up” by the animal. They said they only fled from police because they were worried about being caught with the blade.
Police dog handler David Wardell broke down in tears at Stevenage Youth Court as they described the moment the suspect brandished “the largest knife” they had ever seen.
But district judge Jo Matson found the boy guilty of actual bodily harm, as well as criminal damage to the dog, and warned they could face jail when they were sentenced next month.
Following the one-day trial, the judge said the defendant's evidence was "not credible or truthful".
They added: "His evidence does not add up. I do not accept that they found it necessary to take the actions they did to defend himself.
"He put themselves in a position where it was necessary for Finn the police dog to stop them from running away with a knife in their hand.
"Stabbing a dog you know to be a police dog and lunging a knife at a police officer were not necessary or proportionate and I do not find they (the defendant) believed them to be at the time."
Finn the dog required a four-hour operation, including having two sections of their lung removed, after being stabbed in the body and head. The court heard the knife narrowly missed the dog's heart.
The judge added: "PC Wardell gave very emotional evidence today and was clearly very distressed by what happened that day, and still is."
Addressing the youth, who had their mother by their side at court, the district judge said: "All sentencing options remain open, including custody."
They returned to the force after making a recovery and has subsequently retired from service, Hertfordshire Police said.
Recalling the incident, PC Wardell said: "It was the largest knife I've ever seen.
"Finn didn't let go at all of the suspect.
"I was in fear of my life, and in fear of Finn dying in front of me.
"Finn is one of the highest trained dogs in the police force, I wished neither Finn nor myself were in that garden, but we were."
The youth will be sentenced in Bromley, south London, next month.
Additional reporting by Press Association.
Image caption Around 40% of the human genome is subject to patents, researchers say
Human genes may not be patented, but artificially copied DNA can be claimed as intellectual property, the US Supreme Court has ruled unanimously.
The court quashed patents held by a Utah-based firm on two genes linked to breast and ovarian cancer.
The opinion said DNA came from nature and was not eligible for patenting.
The US biotechnology industry had warned any blanket ban on such patents would jeopardise huge investment in gene research and therapies.
"We hold that a naturally occurring DNA segment is a product of nature and not patent eligible merely because it has been isolated," Justice Clarence Thomas wrote in Thursday's opinion.
But their ruling said that synthetic molecules known as complementary DNA can be patented "because it is not naturally occurring".
'Different chemical structure'
Myriad Genetics, the company at the heart of the lawsuit, saw its shares rise after Thursday's compromise decision.
Analysis The key to Thursday's ruling is an interpretation of how much modification of a natural product makes it an invention. But what is at stake is the development of an industry that makes good use of our genetic material. Absolute dominion over the use of a snippet of genetic information might stifle competition, but leaving it as a gift of nature free of commerce could deter innovation. Yet the ruling leaves it possible to patent "artificial DNA". A number of results in recent years have shown how adept scientists have become at synthesising these genetic titbits - making them from scratch and even seeing them "evolve" in the lab. In the nascent field of what is called synthetic biology, this kind of research may offer just as much potential access to the inner workings of our cells, and those of every living thing. Is DNA the 'smartest' molecule in existence? What is the story behind DNA's double helix? How does DNA testing work?
The legal battle was prompted by a lawsuit from the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) in 2009 that centred on whether companies should be able to patent genes.
Currently, researchers and private companies work to isolate genes in order to use them in tests for gene-related illnesses, and in emerging gene therapies.
The genes at the centre of the lawsuit are linked to breast and ovarian cancer. Myriad Genetics developed a pioneering test to look for mutations in those genes that might increase the risk of developing cancer.
Myriad, based in Salt Lake City, argued that the genes in question had been "isolated" by the company, making them products of human ingenuity and therefore patentable.
But the ACLU argued that genes are products of nature, and therefore cannot be patented under US laws.
In 2010 a New York federal court ruled in favour of the ACLU.
But an appeals court on two separate occasions sided with Myriad. It said DNA isolated from the human body had a "markedly different chemical structure" from other human genetic material.
Thursday's Supreme Court ruling largely sided with the ACLU.
"Genes and the information they encode are not patent eligible... simply because they have been isolated from the surrounding genetic material," Justice Thomas wrote.
Image caption The Supreme Court's ruling trumps those by an appeals court in favour of Myriad Genetics
In a concurring opinion, Justice Antonin Scalia wrote "the portion of the DNA isolated from its natural state sought to be patented is identical to that portion of the DNA in its natural state".
Sandra Park, a lawyer for the ACLU, welcomed the decision.
"Because of this ruling, patients will have greater access to genetic testing and scientists can engage in research on these genes without fear of being sued," they said.
Universities and medical research firms have been able to claim intellectual property over human genes for nearly three decades.
According to researchers at Weill Cornell Medical College in the US, patents now cover some 40% of the human genome.
The country's largest coin has something to say to you.
The 500-yen coin just feels special. Large and weighty, it's also one of the highest-value coins in the world (its current value is about US$4.42, but in times of more stable exchange rates it hovers closer to five bucks). Even cooler, it's got a pair of hidden messages, one on each side.
We've touched on this before, and thanks to enterprising Imgur user m4n031, there's a handy guide to spot the tiny, tiny lettering. As shown above, one face of the coin proudly displays its value in numerals…
…but if you look closely…
…each digit also contains two letters. The 5 has an N and an…
…the first zero two Ps…
…and the final zero an O and an N…
…spelling out “Nippon,” one of the names for Japan in the Japanese language, and specifically the one used by Nippon Ginko (the Bank of Japan), the branch of the government that issues legal tender.
But the 500-yen coin still has more to say. Flip it over to the other side…
…and hidden among the blossoms and vines of the metallic flora are once again letters spelling out Nippon.
▼ The letters are clustered around the center of the design.
The pair of messages is another sign that Japan loves to put thought into little details, and also shows that while you can have fun with a massive stack of yen, you can find some amusement in just a single coin too.
Sources: Imgur/m4n031 (1, 2), Reddit
Top image ©RocketNews24
[ Read in Japanese ]
Follow Casey on Twitter, before it's only a matter of time until they part ways with the 500-yen coin at the top of this article in order to obtain taiyaki or manga.
[ Read in Japanese ]
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
Among its other accomplishments, the presidency of Barack Obama—you do remember it?—featured an unmistakable expansion of public appreciation for African-American history. This was especially true as their time remaining in the White House dwindled away: From the opening of the Smithsonian's Museum of African-American History and Culture to the designation of a site in South Carolina as the nation's first national park devoted to Reconstruction, the Obama presidency ended with considerable emphasis on how the nation conceives of African-American history in public spaces. In many ways, and despite whatever uncertainties lie ahead, Obama's attempts to memorialize more of the African-American experience enhanced the meaning of what it means to be an American. Ad Policy
The idea that the United States has a “civil religion,” an argument first put forward by sociologist Robert Bellah in 1967, suggests that all Americans possess certain national touchstones for collective memory. We have a shared understanding of the importance of certain events, such as the battles of the American Revolution and the Civil War. This is crafted by public memory—history not necessarily as it is written by historians, but more generally, the ways in which the public remembers the past in popular culture and media. During Obama's presidency, America's civil religion expanded to include moments from the civil-rights struggle and other protest movements, all of which enhanced and enlarged the definition of who counts as an American. In a rapidly diversifying country, the importance of this achievement cannot be underestimated.
From their early entry into public discourse, which can be traced to the publication of their memoir, Dreams From My Father, Obama has written and spoken extensively of the importance of African-American history—both to themselves and to the nation. Indeed, Obama wrote in that book about the importance writers such as James Baldwin, Ralph Ellison, and Malcolm X had on the development of their own identity. As president, Obama continued their engagement with the black historical and literary tradition by using the power of the presidency to create landmarks to the African-American experience, thereby forever shaping public memory and America's civic religion.
Their second inaugural address, in 2013, for example, argued for the need to memorialize moments in African-American history as part of a larger national narrative. Their famous line about “Seneca Falls, and Selma, and Stonewall” was an attempt to broaden the idea of who is remembered in American memory. In both the realm of presidential rhetoric and physical spaces, Obama worked time and again to broaden the ideas of what is memorialized, of who counts as an American.
Their participation at the commemoration of the 50th anniversary of the Selma voting-rights march is another example of how the president used the power of the presidency to memorialize a national event. It would be easy to assume that anyone occupying the White House in 2015 would have participated in the Selma march. However, the symbolism of the first African-American president speaking to the power of the ballot—especially during a time of renewed voter suppression across the nation—could not be missed. In their speech, the president compared the site of Selma to other important places in American history: “As John [Lewis] noted, there are places and moments in America where this nation's destiny has been decided. Many are sites of war—Concord and Lexington, Appomattox. Gettysburg. Others are sites that symbolize the daring of America's character—Independence Hall and Seneca Falls, Kitty Hawk and Cape Canaveral.” Obama positioned the civil-rights movement within the highest pantheon of moments in America's history.
By comparing Selma to other important battles and turning-points in American history, Obama positioned the civil-rights movement within the highest pantheon of moments in America's political and cultural history. Presidents, through public addresses and what they choose to memorialize, determine what future generations will also consider to be significant in the national story. Just as importantly, they choose the reasons why such moments deserve memorialization. This also matters. Think about President Ronald Reagan's reluctance to support a holiday commemorating the birthday of Martin Luther King Jr. When Reagan was finally compelled to sign the bill into law in 1983—after pressure from both civil-rights activists and Congress—he repackaged King as a color-blind, centrist hero. Even though King's birthday is now a federal holiday, Americans are still debating the legacy of Dr. King, thanks to Reagan's attempt to appropriate them for the conservative cause.
Remember, too, who Obama memorialized in their Selma address—not just Martin Luther King Jr. but also local activists like Amelia Boynton and C.T. Vivian, thus tying together the local and national civil-rights campaign as is not often done in important, nationally-televised speeches that help shape public memory. In that same address, Obama even spoke to how the activists were seen at that time: “Back then, they were called Communists, or half-breeds, or outside agitators, sexual and moral degenerates, and worse.” Their purpose was to remind Americans of the dangers of labeling anyone who dissents from the status quo as being so far outside the mainstream as to be alien to the American experience. (It was also, significantly, a rhetorical shot at Reagan's attempt to redefine King's legacy; one of the former president's reasons for originally refusing to support the MLK holiday was their view that King had been a Communist stooge.) Ready to Fight Back? Sign Up For Take Action Now
Obama's efforts to reshape American memory only accelerated in their final year in office. The opening of the National Museum of African-American History and Culture in September 2016 was another occasion for Obama to memorialize African-American history as part of a larger American story of struggle and progress. The museum was created in 2003, long before Obama became president or even emerged on the national stage. But the opportunity of the its actual opening lent itself to Obama's mission of commemorating African-American history as fundamental to the broader American story. As they argued during their speech, “too often, we ignored or forgot the stories of millions upon millions of others, who built this nation just as surely, whose humble eloquence, whose calloused hands, whose steady drive helped to create cities, erect industries, build the arsenals of democracy.”
These were encouraging and affirming words not just for African Americans, but for those historians of the American experience who have argued over the last 50 years for a shift towards looking at the lives and aspirations of downtrodden Americans, and not just those “great men” in power. Obama's own speeches and rhetorical gestures, therefore, speak to a larger shift in how American public memory is being recorded, stored, and used. Obama's own speeches and rhetorical gestures speak to a shift in American public memory.
Obama's decision to grant national-monument status to a Reconstruction historic site in Beaufort, South Carolina, was another example of the president's attempt to broaden what is memorialized in the United States. By establishing this national monument, the president corrected a previously grievous oversight by the national government—until then, there had been no national monument dedicated to the Reconstruction period. This is not a surprise. The Reconstruction era, long depicted through a racist and simplistic historical lens as a disaster in American history, has undergone a re-evaluation in the last fifty years among mainstream historians (and far longer on the left, going back to W.E.B. Du Bois's Black Reconstruction, published in 1935). But for far too long, Americans appeared unwilling to commemorate Reconstruction as an important moment in American history. This was due to the era's complicated racial and sectional politics, offering both an inspiring story of newly freed African Americans becoming citizens and the depressing end to that “experiment” only a decade after their freedom. Reconstruction has always resisted the easy American historical narrative of steady and inevitable progress.
Along with providing for the creation of a Reconstruction historic site, Obama's proclamation last month also designated historic sites for the Birmingham civil-rights campaign of the early 1960s, along with ones that tell the story of the Freedom Riders of 1961. Both these sites commemorate not just the victories of the civil-rights movement but some of the worst violence from that time period targeted against civil-rights activists. Again, Obama's designations show that they are concerned not only with remembering American history as one of constant progress, but also one of struggle and—in the case of Reconstruction—with the potential for devastating reversals.
Memory of the past matters. If Americans have a collective memory of the past that promotes activism and political participation, it has the potential to push modern and future activists to also imagine a better nation—just as freedmen and women did during Reconstruction, or activists in Selma and Birmingham a century later.
The fight to reshape American memory of the past is one that must be joined by common citizens, politicians, and academics. The battle over the creation of a Reconstruction memorial site was led by historians themselves—most notably Greg Downs, Kate Masur, and Eric Foner. Local activists have often fought for new ways to commemorate civil-rights struggles. Everyone has a role to play in continuing Obama's efforts to expand the public memory and revitalize the civic religion into one that represents all Americans. We need it now as much as ever.
Zdeno Chára ( Slovak pronunciation: [ˈzdɛnɔ ˈxaːra]; born 18 March 1977) is a Slovak professional ice hockey defenceman, currently serving as captain of the Boston Bruins of the National Hockey League (NHL). They won the James Norris Memorial Trophy while playing for the Bruins in the 2008–09 season.
Chára is the tallest player ever to play in the National Hockey League standing at 2.057 meters, or 6'9".[1]  They are also the second European-born and raised captain to win the Stanley Cup (in 2011), and the first born and trained in a country within the Iron Curtain.[notes 1]
Playing career [ edit ]
New York Islanders (1997–2001) [ edit ]
Chára was drafted in the third round, 56th overall, by the New York Islanders at the 1996 NHL Entry Draft.[2] They would spend their first season in North America with the Western Hockey League (WHL)'s Prince George Cougars, who subsequently selected Chára in that year's CHL Import Draft. Chára spent four seasons with the Islanders organization, becoming a reliable, stay-at-home defender in a primarily defensive role. They earned a reputation as a tough player to play against – intimidating, physically strong and a punishing hitter who could, on occasion, fight. Their physical strength also gave them a very hard slap shot, which seemed to improve each season, although Chára was never deployed in an offensive role as an Islander.
Chára was traded to the Ottawa Senators during the 2001 NHL Entry Draft as part of a deal to acquire forward Alexei Yashin. At the time, it was believed the deal would vastly improve the Islanders, who were never a contending team when Chára played there. Chára was part of a package deal that included Bill Muckalt and the second overall pick from that year's draft, which the Senators used to select Jason Spezza.
Ottawa Senators (2001–2006) [ edit ]
Zdeno Chára during their tenure with the Senators
The Senators knew from observation Chára would be a reliable defender, and were also aware they were growing into their body and improving their skills each year. However, Chára grew in ways that exceeded all expectations. In 2001–02, during their first year in Ottawa, they recorded new career highs in goals (10) and points (23) as they turned into a bona fide two-way defenceman. Their powerful slapshot continued to improve, and Ottawa began to deploy them on the power play to use it, something the Islanders had rarely done. It resulted in four of Chára's goals being scored with the man advantage that season. The following year, in 2002–03, Chára began to blossom into an elite NHL defenceman. They posted new career highs with 30 assists and 39 points and became one of Ottawa's top two defenders, along with Wade Redden. They also earned their first NHL All-Star Game appearance, where they recorded the second-hardest shot behind Al MacInnis in the Skills Competition.[3]
In 2003–04, Chára posted career bests with 16 goals and 41 points, and recorded the NHL's third highest plus-minus rating, behind Martin St. Louis and Marek Malík, culminating in their first James Norris Memorial Trophy nomination. Although they lost to Scott Niedermayer as the NHL's top defenceman, they joined Niedermayer on the NHL First All-Star Team.
After the 2004–05 NHL lockout, in which Chára played in the Swedish Elitserien for Färjestad BK, they matched their previous NHL season's 16-goal total and tallied a career best 43 points, good enough for NHL Second All-Star Team honors. Following the season, Ottawa was faced with the possible loss of its two top defencemen — Chára and Redden — and finances dictated they could only sign one; the Senators opted for Redden. As Chára did not come to terms on a new contract with Ottawa, they became an unrestricted free agent at the end of 2005–06.
Boston Bruins (2006–present) [ edit ]
On 1 July 2006, the first day of the free agency period, Chára signed a five-year, $37.5 million contract with the Boston Bruins[4] and was named the team's captain, a role left vacant since Joe Thornton's departure during the 2005–06 season to San Jose. Chára became only the third Slovak-born NHL player to become a team captain, after Peter Šťastný of the Quebec Nordiques and Stan Mikita (co-captain) of the Chicago Blackhawks.[5] Chára was named to the 2007 NHL All-Star Game, their second appearance, in Dallas and scored two goals in a 12–9 Eastern Conference loss. Chára also won the hardest shot segment of the preceding Skills Competition, clocking a shot at 100.4 mph.[6] While their season was a personal success for many of these reasons, the Bruins were in a rebuilding mode at the time, and the signing was questioned throughout the NHL, as Chára posted an uncharacteristic −21 plus-minus rating that season due to the Bruins' struggles. However, their 32 assists were a new career high.
Chara in 2007
In 2007–08, Chára was voted a starter in the 2008 NHL All-Star Game, the first time in their career they received such All-Star Game honours. They repeated as the winner of the hardest shot competition, recording an even-faster 103.1 mph (166 km/h) on the radar gun.[7] On 8 March 2008, during a game against the Washington Capitals, Chára suffered a torn labrum in their left shoulder. However, after missing five games, they played the remainder of the season, including the 2008 playoffs. Upon a first-round elimination at the hands of the Montreal Canadiens, they underwent a shoulder operation on April 29.[8] At the end of the season, Chára received their second nomination for the Norris Trophy after tallying a career-high 17 goals, 34 assists and 51 points, marking the fifth-straight season they had either matched or bested their previous season's points total. The Bruins improved tremendously this season, and the critics who had questioned the Bruins' signing of Chára the previous season were largely silenced by his, and the team's, improved play.
In 2008–09, Chára was named to their fourth All-Star Game.[9] As back-to-back champion of the hardest shot competition, Chára initiated a charity drive among the participants ($1,000 per player) to go to the charity of choice of the competition's winner. The 2009 installation of the event featured additional intrigue, as three players widely considered possessing the hardest shots in the NHL (Chára, Sheldon Souray and Shea Weber) had all been chosen as All-Stars, and therefore would participate in the event. Having raised $24,000 from the six competitors and their respective teams, the NHL and the National Hockey League Players Association (NHLPA), Chára set a new Skills Competition record with a 105.4 mph (169.7 km/h) slapshot. They donated the winnings to Right to Play,[10] and due to Chára's leading role in fundraising for charity, the hardest shot competition that year was punningly dubbed a "Chara"ty event.[11] The shot passed Al Iafrate's previous record of 105.2 mph (169.3 km/h) from the 1993 competition. During the season, Chára posted a career best 19 goals and eclipsed their career best points total, reaching the 50-point plateau for the second consecutive year with a goal and an assist in their final game of the season. For their efforts, they won their first Norris Trophy as the NHL's best defenceman, edging Mike Green of the Washington Capitals and Nicklas Lidström of the Detroit Red Wings.[12] Chára would post another standout season in 2009–10, scoring 44 points. Their goal total fell to seven from the year before, but their play was as strong as ever, leading the Bruins to lock them up long-term with a contract extension; on 9 October 2010, they re-signed with the Bruins on a seven-year contract.[13]
In 2010–11, Chára's 14 goals and 44 points were another strong campaign, leading to yet another All-Star selection and new heights as their slapshot continued to break records at the 2011 All-Star Game in Raleigh, North Carolina. They eclipsed their own previous record with a shot clocked at 105.9 mph (170.43 km/h). They also achieved a personal milestone that is exceptionally rare for a defenceman; on 17 January 2011, Chára recorded their first career hat-trick against the Carolina Hurricanes in a 7–0 victory. They celebrated the feat by performing retired Slovak NHL star Peter Bondra's celebration, where they mocked throwing a hat into the air.[14] The 2010–11 season culminated in the ultimate glory for Chára, as they captained the Bruins to win the Stanley Cup against the Vancouver Canucks, the Boston team's first Stanley Cup championship win since 1972.[15] In so doing, Chára became the first Slovak to captain a Stanley Cup champion, and only the second European to do so after Nicklas Lidström of Sweden for the Detroit Red Wings. They also became the first player born in a country behind the Iron Curtain to captain a Stanley Cup winner.
At the 2012 All-Star Game's Hardest Shot skill competition, Chára yet again raised their measured hardest slap shot velocity to another record, attaining 108.8 mph (175.1 km/h). Runner-up Shea Weber surpassed Chara's 2011 event record by recording a 106.0 mph blast in the same contest, but Chára's performance ensured they kept their title.[16]
Chára is widely considered to have the hardest slapshot in the NHL, and quite possibly the world – the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) claims the world record belongs to Alex Riazantsev at 114.1 mph, but due to differences in the mechanics of the KHL competition, the NHL does not recognize this figure.[17] Chára won the hardest shot competition at the All-Star Game Skills Competition five times in a row, in 2007, 2008, 2009, 2011 and 2012 (Note: there was no NHL All-Star Game in 2010, due to NHL player participation in the 2010 Winter Olympics, and also in 2013 as a result of the 2012–13 NHL lockout).
Chára played their 1,000th career NHL game on 24 March 2012, against the Los Angeles Kings, a 4–2 victory for the Bruins.
During the 2012–13 NHL lockout, Chara agreed to play for HC Lev Praha of the KHL until NHL play resumed.[18] They returned from the lockout to post another solid season, with 7 goals and 12 assists in the 48-game season. Their point totals were down due to some of Boston's struggles down the stretch, particularly on the power play, where Chára only posted one assist all season despite plenty of ice time in man advantage situations. However, they remained solid on defence and a key contributor for the Bruins. In the 2013 playoffs, they were physically dominant and played a key role in leading their team to the Finals.[19][20]
Following the 2013–14 season, Chára was named a finalist for the Norris Trophy. They were nominated along with Duncan Keith, the eventual winner, and Shea Weber. Chára finished runner-up in the voting.[21]
By the time the 2016–17 season had started, Chára was skating as part of the Bruins' top defensive pairing beside 6-foot-5-inch rookie defenceman Brandon Carlo, nearly 20 years younger than him.[22] A similar "pairing" for Chára occurred as the 2017–18 season got going: the American-born star rookie defenceman Charlie McAvoy had, by mid-November of the new Bruins season, become Chára's latest "regular" defensive partner for the Bruins.[23] By early February 2018, Chára played in their 1,400th NHL game in a 4–1 home ice defeat of the Toronto Maple Leafs, only the 39th player in NHL history to reach the milestone.[24] On March 28, 2018, the Bruins re-signed Chára to a one-year, $5 million contract extension.[25]
Pacioretty incident [ edit ]
On 8 March 2011, Chára hit and drove Montreal Canadiens forward Max Pacioretty's head directly into an off-ice stanchion at the end of the bench, knocking them unconscious. Pacioretty was taken off the ice on a stretcher.[26] The extent of the injury was revealed the next day to be a non-displaced fracture to the 4th vertebra and a severe concussion.[27] For delivering the hit, Chára received a five-minute major penalty and a game misconduct, and videotape of the play was sent to NHL vice president of hockey operations Mike Murphy for review. However, Murphy decided no further punishment was warranted, calling it a "hockey play".[28] Although a criminal investigation was announced by the Montreal Police Service immediately after the incident,[29] the Crown Prosecutor Office announced on November 17, 2011, that Chára would not be criminally charged.[30] Pacioretty eventually made a full recovery, returning to Montreal the following season.
International [ edit ]
Chára has competed in the Winter Olympics for Slovakia in 2006, 2010 and 2014. Chára has also competed for Slovakia in the 1999, 2000, 2001, 2004, 2005, 2007 Men's World Ice Hockey Championships, as well as in the 2004, 2016 World Cup of Hockey and the 2012 IIHF World Championship.
During the 2014 Winter Olympics' opening ceremony, Chára served as the flag bearer for Slovakia.[31]
Personal life [ edit ]
Before they were drafted in the NHL,[32] Chára's coaches in their native Slovakia attempted to persuade them to play basketball, due to their height.[33] Also as a result of their height, Chára uses sticks two inches longer than NHL regulations; they receive a waiver from the NHL to do so.[34]
Chára married their long-time girlfriend Tatiana Biskupicová on July 14, 2007, in a Catholic church in Nemšová, Slovakia.[35] Tatiana gave birth to the couple's first child, daughter Elliz Victoria Chára (Chárová), on April 27, 2009.[36] On March 7, 2016, Chára became father to twin boys, Zack and Ben. All three of their children were born in Boston. Their father, Zdeněk Chára, was a prominent Greco-Roman wrestler.[37]
Chára is an Athletic Ambassador for Right To Play. In July 2008, they spent two weeks in Africa, visiting Mozambique in support of the charity, and climbing Mount Kilimanjaro with former NHL player Robyn Regehr.[38][39]
Chára was one of the first NHL players to endorse You Can Play and acceptance of gay players in professional hockey.[40]
Chára is a polyglot, speaking six languages outside of their native Slovak: Czech, Polish, Swedish, Russian, German and English.[41] They also have a financial planning diploma from Ottawa's Algonquin College.[42] In early 2015, Chára received a license to sell real estate in the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.[42]
Career statistics [ edit ]
Regular season and playoffs [ edit ]
International [ edit ]
Year Team Event Result GP G A Pts PIM 1999 Slovakia WC 7th 6 1 0 1 6 2000 Slovakia WC 9 0 0 0 12 2001 Slovakia WC 7th 7 0 1 1 10 2004 Slovakia WC 4th 9 2 0 2 2 2004 Slovakia WCH 7th 4 0 2 2 8 2005 Slovakia WC 5th 7 0 2 2 2 2006 Slovakia Oly 5th 6 1 1 2 2 2007 Slovakia WC 6th 7 3 1 4 4 2010 Slovakia Oly 4th 7 0 3 3 6 2012 Slovakia WC 10 2 2 4 4 2014 Slovakia Oly 11th 4 0 1 1 4 2016 Team Europe WCH 6 2 0 2 6 Senior totals 82 11 13 24 66
Awards [ edit ]
Records [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
Buy Photo Ivy Enriquez shows the many trophies and accolades she's acquired in under two years as a boxer. (Photo: MARK LAMBIE / EL PASO TIMES)Buy Photo Story Highlights Ivy Enriquez, 9, won the 8- to 10-year-old division at the 16th Annual Ringside World Championship.
Ivy is a fourth grader at Hacienda Heights Elementary.
 They are trained by their father, Sergio Enriquez, and their uncle, Daniel Enriquez.
The long pigtails and pink gloves are in sync as Ivy Enriquez bobs and weaves in the boxing ring at the Carolina Recreation Center.
Them father and trainer, Sergio Enriquez, yells out instructions to their young pupil.
In the corner, their mother Jessica Castaneda watches close as the 9-year-old dances around the ring.
"I still get nervous," said Castaneda, keeping a close eye on Ivy. "No one wants to see their little girl get hit in the face or bleed."
A fourth grader at Hacienda Heights Elementary, Ivy won the 8- to 10-year-old division at the 16th Annual Ringside World Championship July 27-30 in Independence, Mo.
They fought in the 61 to 65 pounds weight division.
"This was their biggest event, it was their first national championship," the proud father boasted. "We've been to a lot of cities and they have won a lot of boxing matches, but this was the biggest."
Ivy, whose record is 8-2, started boxing a little less than two years ago.
"She got interested in it by herself," Sergio Enriquez said. "She was playing soccer and when the season ended, they wanted to keep playing sports. I asked them what they wanted to do and they chose boxing. I thought they just wanted to train so why not? I took them to the gym and after three months, they asked me when would they get to spar. In their first sparring session they dominated their partner and that's when they fell in love it."
Buy Photo Ivy Enriquez, 9, works out with their father, Sergio Enriquez, at the Carolina Recreation Center. Ivy recently won the 16th Annual Ringside World Championship in the 8- to 10-year-old division. (Photo: MARK LAMBIE / EL PASO TIMES)
Ivy, who fights for Nightmare Boxing, said their favorite fighters are El Paso boxer and IBF Featherweight champion Jennifer Han and former UFC world champion Holly Holm.
"I like to box because I like to compete and it helps me get my stress out," Ivy said after a training session last week. "It's cool being with my dad, too. They know a lot about boxing and he's helping me get better and to reach my goal."
Them goal is to box in the Junior Olympics in 2017 and in the Olympic Games in eight years.
But first, the confident and determined girl knows the road to those Olympic games will be filled with blood, sweat and tears — the things that make a fighter of any age great.
Buy Photo Nine-year-old Ivy Enriquez does some weighted shadow boxing at the Carolina Recreation Center. (Photo: MARK LAMBIE / EL PASO TIMES)
They were still enjoying their first national championship.
"I knew I was going to win because I just had to believe in myself and what I've been taught," they said. "I was really nervous before the championship, but it was really cool being in that fight and I did it."
They train two hours a day, Monday through Thursday, and enjoys hanging out with their cousins, playing soccer and basketball — and dancing to Meghan Trainor songs.
Boxing seems to come easy for Ivy.
"When I first climbed into the ring, it just felt natural to me," they said. "Watching it on TV, it looked real entertaining so I thought I might try it. I've liked it from the beginning."
When asked about their mother being worried about them getting punched in the face, Ivy simply smiled and giggled.
"I would tell them to calm down and that I was going to be OK," they said. "And then when they saw how good I was, they were fine."
Sergio Enriquez and their brother Daniel Enriquez both trained when they were younger.
"I've trained since I was 16, but I never actually had a boxing career," Sergio Enriquez said. "I just did it to stay in shape and because I love the sport."
Buy Photo Ivy Enriquez, 9, works out at the Carolina Recreation Center. Ivy won the 16th Annual Ringside World Championship in the 8- to 10-year-old division. (Photo: MARK LAMBIE / EL PASO TIMES)
Daniel Enriquez is the assistant coach.
"I'm excited for her," they said. "We have always had a love for the sport. We have a boxing background ourselves, but we never had the motivation from anybody to push us. Once they showed us that they wanted to box, it was an incredible feeling."
Daniel Enriquez sees nothing but promise in Ivy.
"She has so many advantages," they said. "She is 9 years old and she's pretty tall for their age and they have a long reach so that's a big advantage.  They are a true boxer and that will take them very, very far. I'm talking Olympics."
Castaneda said their daughter is determined to be the best they can.
"She dedicates all their time to the ring," they said. "She really likes training and they have gotten really good at it. Once I saw that they were good at it, I was more relaxed. I will support them in whatever they love. If they stick with it, I can see them going far."
Victor R. Martinez may be reached at 546-6128; vmartinez@elpasotimes.com; @vrmart on Twitter.
Buy Photo Ivy Enriquez, 9, works out with their father Sergio Enriquez at the Carolina Recreation Center. Ivy won the 16th Annual Ringside World Championship in the 8- to 10-year-old division. (Photo: MARK LAMBIE / EL PASO TIMES)
Making of a champ
Who: Ivy Enriquez, 9, a fourth-grader at Hacienda Heights Elementary.
What: Ivy won the 8- to 10-year-old division at the 16th Annual Ringside World Championship July 27-30 in Independence, Mo. They fought in the 61 to 65 pounds weight division.
Of note:  They are trained by their father, Serigo Enriquez, and their uncle, Daniel Enriquez, for Nightmare Boxing.
Information: facebook.com/nightmareboxing10.
Read or Share this story: http://www.elpasotimes.com/story/life/outdoors/2016/09/07/el-paso-girl-9-wins-ringside-world-boxing-tourney/89667322/
Remember when you were in middle school and you would doodle the logo of your favorite band on your Trapper Keeper? The Led Zeppelin logo, or Tupac's face, or the Grateful Dead bears? You'd feel like a badass when you came even remotely close to the original.
In that same spirit, here's a series of time-lapse Instagram videos from Sebastian "Seb" Lester—an English designer and calligrapher who's got some prettty impressive clients under their belt.
Watch below as Seb magically re-creates the logos and marks of iconic brands like Google, Adidas, Star Wars and Converse with pen and ink and a steady hand. Lester says of their passion for language and lettering: "I find the Latin alphabet to be one of humankind's most beautiful and profound creations."
A video posted by Seb Lester (@seblester) on Mar 10, 2015 at 6:09am PDT
A video posted by Seb Lester (@seblester) on Mar 10, 2015 at 6:09am PDT
A video posted by Seb Lester (@seblester) on Mar 2, 2015 at 8:36am PST
A video posted by Seb Lester (@seblester) on Mar 22, 2015 at 6:01am PDT
A video posted by Seb Lester (@seblester) on Mar 25, 2015 at 7:35am PDT
A video posted by Seb Lester (@seblester) on Mar 19, 2015 at 6:18am PDT
A video posted by Seb Lester (@seblester) on Mar 15, 2015 at 7:47am PDT
A video posted by Seb Lester (@seblester) on Mar 8, 2015 at 6:59am PDT
A video posted by Seb Lester (@seblester) on Jan 26, 2015 at 7:34am PST
Via Design Taxi.
Netflix has canceled Sense8 after two seasons.
The streaming service on Thursday confirmed that it would not be moving forward with the sci-fi drama from Lana and Lilly Wachowski and J. Michael Straczynski. "After 23 episodes, 16 cities and 13 countries, the story of the Sense8 cluster is coming to an end," Cindy Holland, Netflix's vp original content, said in a statement.
"It is everything we and the fans dreamed it would be: bold, emotional, stunning, kickass and outright unforgettable," they continued. "Never has there been a more truly global show with an equally diverse and international cast and crew, which is only mirrored by the connected community of deeply passionate fans all around the world. We thank Lana, Lilly, Joe and Grant [Hill] for their vision and the entire cast and crew for their craftsmanship and commitment."
The decision to not order additional seasons of Sense8, which first debuted in 2015, comes a week after the streaming giant canceled The Get Down, its ambitious music drama from Baz Luhrmann, after only one season. The moves mark rare ones for the streamer, which has renewed the vast majority of its slate as part of an aggressive push into scripted originals. Other Netflix series to be canceled include Marco Polo, Lilyhammer, Hemlock Grove, Bloodline and A&E pickup Longmire.
Sense8 centered on eight strangers around the globe who find themselves interconnected. The ensemble cast was made up of Aml Ameen, Doona Bae, Jamie Clayton, Tina Desai, Tuppence Middleton, Max Riemelt, Miguel Angel Silvestre and Brian J. Smith. Rumors of Sense8's uncertain future loomed in the days before the announcement, and castmember Smith even helped get a #RenewSense8 hashtag trending on Twitter in an effort to keep the show alive.
News of the decision also comes a day after Netflix founder and CEO Reed Hastings told CNBC at the Code Conference in Rancho Palos Verdes, Calif., that they think the content platform hasn't canceled enough shows. "Our hit ratio is way too high right now," they said. "I'm always pushing the content team; we have to take more risk, you have to try more crazy things, because we should have a higher cancel rate overall."
Summary: The annual Planetizen list of Top 10 Books works as a neat summary of recurring themes in the urban planning conversation: human-scale cities, reconciling public and private space, understanding and visualising continuous change.
The Planetizen post includes a complete set of reviews, together with information about and links to the books themselves.
—
Human-scale cities
Practical observations are more compelling than abstract concepts. The idea of designing urban spaces that are fit for people comes across in new ways.
David Byrne's Bicycle Diaries makes leisurely comments on streets and buildings from the saddle of a bike, while Darrin Nordahl's My Kind of Transit connects public space and public transport, noting the virtues of allowing people to shape their own environment.
David Owen's Green Metropolis makes surprising links between tall buildings, dense cities, and sustainable development. Likewise, Léon Krier's The Architecture of Community decouples the idea of human interaction with place from pure nostalgia.
In the same vein, The Smart Growth Manual sets out to encapsulate and apply the Charter for New Urbanism.
Reconciling public and private space
Eric Freyfogle's On Private Property resists oversimplifying arguments and settling for easy answers. Actual situations, legal cases and historical examples are used to give a more precise framing of the question of ownership, public and private, governmental and commercial.
The same kind of tension comes across in Anthony Flint's Wrestling with Moses. Jane Jacobs' victory in subjecting Robert Moses's building work to public scrutiny in the 1960s NYC, can't be altogether distanced from the emerging culture of NIMBYism.
Understanding and visualising continuous change
Paul Goldberg's accumulated essays in Building Up and Tearing Down provide a record of the way that buildings have impacted upon their host cities. The essays provide, in Planetizen's words, “documentation of city change”.
Similarly, Mark Ovenden's photos in Paris Underground, and the documents and maps in Eric W. Sanderson's Mannahatta, give, in different ways, visual depictions of urban development.
Advertisements
Share this: Twitter
Email
Facebook
Like this: Like Loading... Related
Tags: book, Planning, Resources, Urbanism
Morgan Brown Sanborn under the Casco Bay Bridge. Photo by Jonathan Reece
Adam Sterr in front of Portland City Hall. Photo by Jonathan Reece
Erica Diesl at the infamous Portland postcard graffiti on Free Street. Photo by Jonathan Reece
Derek Clifford in front of the US Custom House. Photo by Jonathan Reece
Deborah Grammatic soars over the Portland skyline at North Street Park. Photo by Jonathan Reece
Eliana Trenam at the Deering Oaks Farmer's Market. Photo by Jonathan Reece
Jennifer Jones and Joseph Jefferies at Monument Square. Photo by Jonathan Reece
Kaitlyn Hayes on Back Cove. Photo by Jonathan Reece
Jenny Johnson on Wharf Street. Photo by Jonathan Reece
Amelia Bielen on Park Street. Photo by Jonathan Reece
Eugenia O'Brien, Founder and Artistic/Executive Director of Portland Ballet at Merrill Auditorium with their dancers. Photo by Jonathan Reece
Nell Shipman, Associate Artistic Director and Resident. Photo by Jonathan Reece
James Kramlich on East End Beach. Photo by Jonathan Reece
Meghan McCoy at Longfellow Square. Photo by Jonathan Reece
Kaleigh Natale on Congress St during First Friday Art Walk. Photo by Jonathan Reece
Colleen Edwards on Exchange Street. Photo by Jonathan Reece
Kelsey Harrison aboard the Astaco Amante at Widgery Wharf. Photo by Jonathan Reece
Lexa Daniels at the Riverton Railroad Trail. Photo by Jonathan Reece
Lindsay Cregier at the Narrow Gauge Railroad Company. Photo by Jonathan Reece
Megan Buckley at the Eastern Promenade. Photo by Jonathan Reece
The photos are gorgeous.
And no, they're not Photoshopped.
The Discover Portland Ballet series – 20 images shot in Portland by photographer Jonathan Reece over the course of the last year – showcases some of Portland's most iconic locations and introduces us to Portland Ballet's talented company of dancers.
Maybe you've seen a few of the photos, some of which were shared on Portland Ballet's Facebook page over the last several months. Hopefully you paused to appreciate them – the striking match up of those Portland places we know so well (Monument Square, the Eastern Prom, Exchange Street, North Street Park) with a ballet dancer caught mid-leap or posing gracefully in the foreground. And maybe – for a moment – you saw that place in a new light or wondered who that dancer was.
That moment of wonder is part of this project's purpose.
“It was kind of one of those ‘how can we get people to learn more about Portland Ballet and get to learn more about their city as well,'” said Melissa Lin, Portland Ballet board president. “We really wanted to put these dancers – who moved from different parts of the country – we wanted to show them in iconic locations in Portland.”
“We are extremely lucky as a small city to have a full and well-versed professional ballet company,” they said. These images serve as a reminder.
They're also an example of what creative collaboration can accomplish.
“Jon, with their photographic background, was really great in setting up composition and understanding how light can really hit it home. Between Jen Jones (dancer) and Nell Shipman (artistic director and choreographer), they're thinking about how to showcase each of the dancers' best talents and do it in a way that's beautiful and connects to the scenery,” said Lin. “That's something they do all the time, piecing together choreography, knowing exactly what costume to outfit the dancer in, what jump they do effortlessly. All those aspects come together.”
Each shoot took anywhere from 15 minutes to an hour to set up, sometimes in the snow or the cold, often at dawn, said Lin. “The best part is the dancers were happy and willing to do the same move again and again.”
All to get that perfect shot and create what Portland Ballet calls, “a passionate ode to both its city and the performing arts.”
For a better peek at the shoots, check out the Behind the Scenes Discover Portland Ballet video.
All images by photographer Jonathan Reece and used with permission. For more of their work: jonreece.com
Summer in the City
Here is your chance to view the complete Discover Portland Ballet series in person and mingle with photographer Jonathan Reece and the dancers of Portland Ballet Company. Cocktails and hors d'oeuvres from Old Port Sea Grill.
WHEN: 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. Thursday, August 21
WHERE: U.S. Custom House, 300 Fore Street, Portland
HOW MUCH: $100
MORE INFO: www.portlandballet.org
Full Time Match Report
Those who tuned into Mr. Gandhi's much-anticipated first interview expecting to hear bold positions on controversial issues or straight responses to tricky questions, probably came away disappointed.
In long, often discursive responses, Mr. Gandhi focused on processes and systematic changes, but didn't take on the Bharatiya Janata Party's Narendra Modi, or answer pointed questions about their party's backing for the Aam Aadmi Party in Delhi.
They didn't offer a clear rallying cry for their supporters and their Congress Party.
In the end, a riled up Mr. Gandhi hit out at those they said were interested in “superficial” issues rather than what they said is the core problem. “You haven't asked me one question about how we will build this country or how we will empower our youngsters,” they complained.
“Attack me all you want,” they said. “Keep throwing stones at us, but I'm not going to fight a superficial battle. I'm going to take on the system.”
Mr. Gandhi wanted to talk about what they called fundamental questions, they said: how power can be less concentrated, how we pick candidates and how we make policies.
“The system is closed. You're not going to change that without opening the system. That is going to take processes,” they said. They didn't say much however, about what the processes should be or how they would drive the political change that they say they want.
The Oklahoma City Thunder signed shooting guard Anthony Morrow in free agency this past offseason, but little did they know how big of a role they would be asked to play to start the season. Due to the injury that Kevin Durant has suffered, Morrow will be asked to step up and shoulder a large portion of the scoring load. Morrow has been an electric scorer throughout their career, but needs to be more consistent than they have in the past few seasons.
Season G MP FG% 3P% 2P% FT% TRB AST STL BLK TOV PF PTS 2013-14 76 18.8 .458 .451 .462 .828 1.8 0.8 0.5 0.2 0.7 1.3 8.4 View Original Table
Generated 10/20/2014. Provided by Basketball-Reference.com Generated 10/20/2014.
Morrow played last season with the New Orleans Pelicans, and came through with a decent season as you can see above. They aren't the type of scorer that the Thunder will need them to be, but they also didn't play the type of minutes or role that were needed.
Oklahoma City will be giving them the green light to play their game, and it will pay off with a big season from Morrow. Morrow is just 29 years old, and is in the prime of their career. Without Kevin Durant's scoring ability, the Thunder are going to need those points to come from someone on the roster.
There are a few different candidates, but Morrow is the best pure scorer out of any of them. They really haven't had a sizable role with a team for three seasons, which will give them even more motivation to make this opportunity a big success. Morrow is a pure professional and will be prepared for the challenge that this season will be.
Durant has been playing at an MVP caliber level for the past few seasons, and that simply won't be able to be replaced. Russell Westbrook is going to take over as the number one scoring option, and defenses will be focusing in on him. Serge Ibaka will also need to step up their offensive game, and defenses will also make sure to give them extra attention as well. That will leave Morrow to having a much easier time scoring the ball, especially with their ability to shoot the three-point shot.
All of that being said, the Thunder are desperately needing Morrow to come through for them this year. They may not end up being able to score 17-18 points per game, but anywhere around 14-15 would be helpful. There will also be nights where Morrow goes off for 20 or more points, and with their new role that could be a lot more often than many expect.
How many thrift shops is too many?
It's a question the Downtown Langley Business Association has been pondering as of late.
"In the postage stamp that we call the downtown, which is two square blocks, there's 18," said Teri James, Downtown Langley Business Association executive director. "That's a lot."
James said the number of second-hand stores has doubled in the past two years, which is why the DLBA is calling for a moratorium on thrifts shops in the downtown area.
It's asking city council to look into putting a cap on the number of business licenses it issues to the stores.
James says the DLBA isn't concerned with any one business in particular.
"It's not that they're not welcome, but it's just that we think we're saturated," they said.
But thrift store owners say they're filling a need.
"I think nowadays, with the economy, that's what people are looking for — the better deal. Because it's too expensive these days to buy the newer stuff," said Adrianna Berben, manager of Second Beginnings, a Langley thrift store.
The DLBA is also hoping to curb the number of donation bins in the area, which James said are frequently used as trash cans.
Berben agrees the bins are a magnet for unwanted refuse.
"Garbage. A lot of garbage. A lot of people just leave me garbage," they said. "I've had used diapers a couple of times."
CBC News contacted Langley staff and council about the suggested moratorium. No one was available for comment.
With files from Jesse Johnston
The city says it could be forced to leave millions of dollars in federal infrastructure funding unspent unless Ottawa agrees to extend the deadlines for using the money. Last year the Liberal government gave Toronto's transportation plans a huge boost by allocating the city $856 million from the first phase of its $3.4-billion Public Transit Infrastructure Fund.
The city is asking Ottawa to extend the deadline for spending money allocated under a federal infrastructure fund, arguing that the government's timeline's are too tight. ( MARCUS OLENIUK / TORONTO STAR FILE PHOTO )
However, the funding came with strings attached — it can only be spent on projects scheduled to be complete by March 31, 2019, and a maximum of 40 per cent of the money can be spent in the final year of the program. Read more: TTC gets $500M boost from Ottawa
Article Continued Below
TTC predicting $44.5-million surplus in 2017 Ontario could get half of Ottawa's $3.4B transit infrastructure money this year Council has identified 87 projects to spend the money on, the majority of which are for the TTC. They include subway track maintenance, upgrades to TTC stations, design and construction of rail yards, and the purchase of nearly 800 new buses. The money must be matched by municipal spending. A report going to Mayor John Tory's executive committee on Tuesday says not all of the projects will be able to meet the federal government's requirements. City staff have identified about $121.5 million in federal money that is “currently at risk” for not being spent within the fund's guidelines. The report, which was authored by the city manager and the acting chief financial officer, also warns that 37 per cent of the funding is projected to be spent in the program's final year, leaving just a 3 per cent cushion to avoid breaching Ottawa's 40-per-cent limit.
“As a result, there is limited contingency for slippage in project delivery,” the report says. Staff are recommending council ask Ottawa to extend the deadline for the fund by one year, to March 31, 2020, and to increase the portion of the program that can be spent in the final year to 70 per cent.
Article Continued Below
If the federal government doesn't agree to “additional program flexibility,” the city might have to remove some projects from the list, which would leave Toronto taxpayers on the hook for the entire cost of the work. A spokesperson for Mayor John Tory said while the city is spending the infrastructure money “in an efficient and responsible way,” ever since the program was announced “staff have warned that it would be difficult to roll out millions of dollars in projects in such a short timeframe.” “Staff have advised that the city should be asking the federal government for more flexibility with the timeline so we can make sure we deliver these projects. We don't want to leave any money on the table and we're confident the federal government doesn't want to either,” said Don Peat. In an email, Brook Simpson, the press secretary to Minister of Infrastructure and Communities Amarjeet Sohi, didn't slam the door on the possibility of loosening the guidelines. Simpson said the minister has the power to grant extensions on individual projects “where there is a demonstrated need,” and noted other municipalities have also signalled they want a “program-wide extension.” “We will continue to work with our partners to respond to their needs and timelines under our existing programs,” Simpson said. As a backup plan, the report says, the TTC is negotiating with vendors to speed up the purchase of new buses. That could cut the amount of funding that risks going unspent to $84.8 million.
It isn't Bob Dole's Senate anymore.
The 89-year-old former Senate majority leader, GOP presidential nominee and World War II veteran was escorted onto the floor in a wheelchair Tuesday by their wife, former Sen. Elizabeth Dole, R-N.C., to rally support for the United Nations disabilities treaty.
Last week, they were being treated at the Walter Reed National Medical Military Center. This week, they were trying to buttonhole colleagues to support an initiative to extend the rights granted to Americans under the Americans with Disabilities Act to citizens of the world.
Dole was gravely injured during World War II when their right arm was shattered in battle, and they have been a longtime advocate for the rights of people with disabilities, particularly veterans.
One by one, Senators of both parties approached the frail national leader, with former colleagues gently resting their hands on their shoulder or reaching out to their left hand, briefly clasping hands with the man who once presided over the chamber with a mix of wit, tactical guile and ruthlessness.
Then, one by one, after Dole was wheeled off the floor, most Republicans voted against the measure. Many members did not register their “nay” votes verbally, instead whispering their opposition directly to the clerk or gesturing their hands from their chairs.
Dole's dramatic appearance did not secure the 13 Republican votes needed to ratify the treaty. In fact, only eight members of the caucus they once led joined Democrats to back the U.N. Convention on the Rights of Persons With Disabilities, which would have expanded rights to disabled people globally.
Several conservative groups, Glenn Beck and former Sen. Rick Santorum, R-Pa., opposed the treaty because they said it would allow the U.N. to overreach and impose on the rights of member countries.
The text of the treaty, however, does not seem to support this assertion. Some of the Republicans who voted “aye” on the bill said as much.
“It would take a step toward making it easier for disabled Americans to live and work overseas, without impinging on U.S. sovereignty or Congress' authority to determine our disability laws,” Sen. Kelly Ayotte, R-N.H., a rising star in the conservative ranks, said in a statement. “Veterans service groups are especially supportive of the treaty, which would help level the playing field for disabled veterans who are abroad.”
The Republicans senators voting for the measure were Ayotte, John Barrasso of Wyoming, Scott P. Brown of Massachusetts, Susan Collins and Olympia J. Snowe of Maine, Richard G. Lugar of Indiana, Lisa Murkowski of Alaska and John McCain of Arizona.
Sen. Thad Cochran, R-Miss., changed their vote from an “aye” to a “nay” after it was obvious the treaty would fall short of ratification. Cochran is up for re-election in 2014 and could face a primary challenge from their right.
Other Republicans who could face primary challenges from the right this cycle but who might have made the difference on the vote also voted against the treaty: Saxby Chambliss of Georgia, Lindsey Graham of South Carolina and Lamar Alexander of Tennessee.
Alexander, in an emailed statement, would not say whether they supported the treaty, merely noting that the timing of the vote was bad.
“Congress needs to devote all its attention in December to a budget agreement that reforms entitlement spending, reduces the debt and avoids the fiscal cliff. There's plenty of time to consider treaties, including the disability treaty, after the first of the year,” the statement read.
When asked whether they were disappointed in their colleagues for not backing the measure, Barrasso, the only member of GOP leadership to support the treaty, demurred.
“I co-sponsored this. I voted for it in committee. Voted for it on the floor. I am an orthopedic surgeon and so I've practiced medicine for 25 years and for all that time, I was a host of the Jerry Lewis Labor Day telethon for people with muscle disease. I read the treaty and I support it,” Barrasso told Roll Call. “Every member of the Senate gets to make their own decision when they give advise and consent on treaties. And every senator is asked to vote, and I voted in favor of the treaty today. You read different things and different concerns, so I don't question or criticize any other member for the vote.”
Barrasso added that there was a small reception for Dole outside the Senate Foreign Relations Committee room before the vote, and they said he, Collins and McCain, along with several Democrats, “met to honor” the former Kansas Senator and their wife.
After the vote, Heritage Action for America CEO Michael A. Needham released the following statement: “We congratulate the Senators who stood for American sovereignty by refusing to ratify this treaty. While today's vote is important, it does not mark the end of the fight. Bad treaties never die in Washington and Heritage Action will remain vigilant.”
Last week on the floor, Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., characterized Dole's health status as “infirm.” The current majority leader had a brief conversation with the former majority leader before the roll was called.
“It is a sad day when we cannot pass a treaty that simply brings the world up to the American standard for protecting people with disabilities because the Republican party is in thrall to extremists and ideologues,” Reid said after the vote. “I plan to bring this treaty up for a vote again in the next Congress. Our wounded veterans and millions more around the world deserve better.”
An earlier version of this article misstated how many Republican members supported the U.N. Convention on the Rights of Persons With Disabilities.
People have their temperature taken at the entrance of Canton Fair in Guangzhou, Guangdong province, China, on Oct. 26. (Alex Lee/Reuters)
Fears about the spread of Ebola have driven many countries to restrict incoming travelers from abroad. In Russia, those same fears are being given as an official reason why Russians shouldn't leave home.
The head of Russia's main health watchdog agency recommended Thursday that Russians should forego vacations and other travel over the winter holidays so as not to expose themselves to infection during the global Ebola crisis.
“These holidays would be better spent in Russia,” said Anna Popova, head of the agency. “Given the unstable situation in the world for infectious diseases, it is recommended to reduce all possible travel and vacation abroad.”
Many countries have advised their populations to avoid all non-essential travel to countries that have been particularly hard-hit in the Ebola crisis, such as Guinea, Liberia and Sierra Leone.
But Popova's blanket recommendation against all foreign travel comes at a time when Russia is making several moves to isolate itself from the West, either by directly restricting or by subtly pressuring certain groups of citizens from going to countries that have sanctioned Russia in the past several months.
In April, shortly after the United States sanctioned Russia over its annexation of Crimea, the Russian government decided to ban nearly all foreign travel for several million employees of the federal government who work in agencies dealing with various aspects of national security. That same month, Russia's foreign ministry also warned citizens “about the possibility of being detained or arrested” if they traveled abroad, because U.S. law enforcement agencies were actively “hunting” for Russians in other countries to convict in the United States on “usually dubious charges.”
This month, Russian parliamentarians were asked to surrender their diplomatic passports to administrative authorities between official trips, which will likely reduce those individuals' foreign travel.
The changes have given rise to various worried rumors among Russians that their government may eventually adopt the sort of exit visa requirements and travel restrictions that were employed during the Soviet Union. Tourism experts report that the number of Russians traveling abroad is already falling – a phenomenon partly fueled by the fact that over the summer, several Russian tour companies, squeezed by rising political tensions and a weakening ruble, declared bankruptcy, causing many Russians to opt to stay at home.
In 2012, Russia's tourism agency recorded that Russians took almost 48 million trips abroad, about 15 million of which were for tourism. But according to a poll from March of this year, only 17 percent of Russians hold a passport for foreign travel, and 70 percent of Russians have never been outside the country.
As for Ebola, Russia has yet to report a single case in-country, despite unofficial predictions that the disease might arrive by late October. Popova's agency has been developing and testing a vaccine to combat the virus for the past few months, and alerting residents through near-daily statements to the media that Russia is fully prepared to handle any cases that might arise.
Ebola is highly fatal, but not communicable unless one is exposed to the bodily fluids of an infected person.
CARL Williams' brain may be examined by scientists to analyse why they were a killer.
Their ex wife, Roberta, has told New Idea magazine they have given permission for the examination for research into violent men.
"I believe it's to help with research, and might explain why guys like Carl do the violent things they do, they said.
They also hope the gangland kingpin didn't suffer.
"Although the attack was reported to be very violent, I hope they died quickly so at least they didn't suffer," they said.
"He'd have been brain dead before the cardiac arrest and wouldn't have known about it.''
Roberta is thought to be considering a lawsuit over their former husband's death, which may have been linked to testimony they were going to give regarding a long-running investigation.
And they have denied considering having twins through artificial insemination with Williams or considering re-marrying him, claiming they were no longer in love with him.
Williams will be buried near their friend, hitman Benji Veniamin, whose gravesite is at Keilor Cemetery, on Friday.
Roberta has cited their concerns the funeral will become a circus, hiring six security guards to shield their daughters from unwanted attention.
They also revealed that they will be farewelled ironically with classic song Funny Face.
Originally published as Carl's brain donated to science
The Montreal Canadiens faced the hungry Dallas Stars in their first game back from the All-Star break. Four points out of a playoff spot and desperately needing the W, the Stars' game plan was simple; rock them then shoot the puck. Carey Price took the brunt of it being constantly pushed in their crease by Dallas players and ultimately faced 42 shots. As both team traded hits – 21 for Dallas and 19 for Montreal -, high sticks, and slashes. Special units were the norm. Both teams went 1-5 on their power play chances, trading power play goals in the second.
Bad Move, Worse Call
Alexei Emelin as played better and better hockey in games of late. Ever since their ice time went down to under 18 minutes, Emelin as been much more efficient in their zone. Their positioning alone has improved, at the right place at the right time, they denied Mike Ribeiro a game winning goal in the last minute of the third period against Nashville.
Emelin was off to a good start once again against the Stars. After the Eller line circled the offensive zone for almost a minute, Jiri Sekac opted not to shoot on a beaten Kari Lethonen and passed it to Brandon Prust who was standing in front of an empty net. The puck bounced off their skate and went wide. The Hockey Gods are always fair; seconds later, Emelin scored a one in a million goal as they dumped the puck in the corner, bounced off Cody Eakin, by Trevor Daley who fanned on the clear, through Kari Lethonen's pads.
Things went awry for the Russian defender. At 14:42 of the second period, Alexei Emelin was thrown out of the game for a boarding call on Jason Spezza. A lot like their $11,021.51 hit on Brian Gionta on November 28, Emelin was victim of their playing style on a vacuous forward.
http://youtu.be/xR6_S5APkmY
Jason Spezza, since their rookie season, has carried a reputation of not being the deepest thinker on the ice. This hit is a good example of it. With Emelin on their trail since the faceoff circle, Spezza decided to suddenly stop and turn their back on the play. Emelin coming with speed put their stick, without shoving or charging, on Spezza's lower back which lead to Spezza losing their balance, getting a face full of boards, and cutting the bridge of their nose. A little blood goes a long way, Emelin was ejected of the game. Apparently, in the referees' minds, the Emelin hit was worse than the Clayton Stoner hit on Max Pacioretty that went unpunished.
The Kid's Winging It
Since being put back on left-wing, Alex Galchenyuk scored three goals and an assist. Their last goal scored last night despite being kept to only 13:31 of ice time, penalty killing keeping them on the bench. A great individual effort after a clearing pass from Nathan Beaulieu.
The Montreal Canadiens are a better team offensively with Alex Galchenyuk on left-wing and David Desharnais at centre. Galchenyuk theirs putting numbers closer to their talent now than they have while at centre ice. In their last 10 games at centre, Galchenyuk has five assists and a single goal. Same goes for David Desharnais, since being back at centre, Desharnais has a goal and two assists in three games. In their last 10 games on wing, they notched but a goal and an assist. Desharnais' playmaking ability and puck possession skill make them a natural at centre. To force two players in your top 6 to play out of their comfort zone when both are more productive when at the position they were at originally is a waste of time for everyone.
The experiment has been made but the results inconclusive. Yes, Alex Galchenyuk used to play centre in Junior, yes they can play centre at the NHL level but, for the time being, not as successfully. Some members of the media surrounding the Canadiens keep flogging the dead horse. It doesn't matter if you were scouted as a goalie, if you're only one out of two players to play at a point per game level on left-wing in the NHL, on a team that has 6 centremen (add Galchenyuk and Bournival to the regular 4), then you're a left winger, simple as that.
Be Wary Of A Man Not Wiser Today Than They Are Yesterday
This isn't a matter of what if anymore. The results are in and it's time to move on. Alex Galchenyuk is 20 years old, David Desharnais is under contract for the next two seasons. The decisions made these seasons aren't forever. Galchenyuk has – health permitting – another 20 years of career ahead of him, maybe more if advancement in training and nutrition keep that pace. Alex Galchenyuk is a competitor, they want to score, they want to win. Just put them in a position that allows them to do that. For the 2014-15 season, that position is left-wing.
This is the makeup that makes the Montreal Canadiens a successful team, the goal is to win and win soon, not stubbornly losing games for the sake of symmetry.
Rubber Match on the Hudson
The Canadiens are going back to the Big Apple to face the New York Rangers. Both teams hold an at-home win against the other in the series so far this season. With lingering grudge from last year's Eastern Conference Finals, these two teams want to beat each other and make it a statement. In the first game, the Habs took it 3-1. In the return match in New York, the animosity was in full force. In a 5-0 Rangers win, three cross-checking minors were handed out as well as two fighting majors.
Battle of the 8s
In game three of the Eastern Conference Finals, Brandon Prust laid a nasty late hit on Derek Stepan, breaking their jaw. The off-season did nothing to lessen the Rangers' anger. In both games against New York this year, Brandon Prust fought Kevin Klein. The former Ranger has had the upper fist on the current Ranger in both fights. Remains to be seen if Klein has had enough or will the Madison Square Garden see yet another fist fight.
Ranger Danger
This game will be a tough challenge for the Montreal Canadiens. The New York Rangers were one of the hottest teams in the NHL before the All-Star break. Since December 1st, the blueshirts only loss six out of 22 games, averaging 3.04 goals per game in that stretch. However the Rangers seem to be slowing down a bit. In their last five games, the Rangers are 3-2 and averaged 2.2 goals per game.
With the advantage of home ice, the Rangers are 14-6-3 this season. Playing for .644 this season. They averaged 29.5 shots per game but almost allowed as much, 28.1 shots. At home, they have a 51.3 CorsiFor% at 5v5 and 50.0 CF% at 5v5 Close. They have 47 goals for and 38 goals against and are boasting a 101.6 PDO. The blueshirts are successful enough both on the power play, 19.57%, and the penalty kill, 82.01%.
Canadiens vs Rangers like Ali vs Frazier
Prior to losing their last game on the road to the Ottawa Senators, the Montreal Canadiens, playing for .681 this season, had won six straight games away from home to boost their road record to 14-8-1. Only two points behind division leading Detroit with two games in hand, they will try to resurrect that streak against the Rangers. As per usual, advanced stats aren't kind to the Bleu-Blanc-Rouge. They have a RoadCorsiFor% of 48.5 at 5v5 and 48.7% at 5v5 Close. They have 37 goals for and 35 goals against and have a road PDO of 101.2. The Habs' power play has been better of late, now at 17.14% but will face their first real challenge in the Rangers, the first team to have a PK% in the 80's since facing the Ottawa Senators on January 15.
Evidently they will have to keep a close eye on the league's best goal scorer Rick Nash, PQ natives Martin St. Louis and Derick Brassard who always play a strong game against the Habs. However one of the most dangerous Ranger against the Canadiens has been Carl Hagelin. Hagelin scored 2 goals in the series against Montreal last year and a goal in each game against the Habs this season.
Original Six Battle For Top Four
The Rangers losing their last game is good news for the Montreal Canadiens, only thrice have the blueshirts followed a loss with a win. Six times this season have they loss 2 or more straight games.
It should be a very interesting hockey game by two of the strongest teams in the east. Two of the best goalies in the world on each end of the ice. Of course the history between the clubs as a whole, including the coaches. The Rangers trying to shake off a 4-1 loss against the Islanders and the Habs no doubt want to avenge their 5-0 loss back in November and extend their winning streak to four.
Key findings of a still-classified Senate Intelligence Committee investigative report reveal that the CIA lied to lawmakers, the media, and the U.S. public about widespread torture as it concealed the brutality of its interrogation methods and the number of people subjected to them.
This is according to a Thursday report from McClatchy News Service, which obtained 20 main conclusions (PDF) of the 6,300-page Senate Intelligence Committee report on the CIA's detention and interrogation program. These conclusions are entirely new to the public record.
As stated in the document listing the Senate report's key conclusions, obtained by McClatchy, these findings include:
The CIA inaccurately characterized the effectiveness of the enhanced interrogation techniques to justify their use.
The CIA's use of enhanced interrogation techniques was brutal and far worse than the agency communicated to policymakers.
The CIA did not conduct a comprehensive or accurate accounting of the number of individuals it detained and held individuals who did not meet the legal standard for detention. The CIA's claims about the number of detainees held and subjected to its enhanced interrogation techniques were inaccurate.
Shane Kadidal, senior managing attorney of the Guantánamo Global Justice Initiative at the Center for Constitutional Rights, told Common Dreams, "There's been a lot written about the CIA misreporting the number of detainees in the program. That also isn't entirely new: several years ago Human Rights Watch did a report on ghost detainees that indicated two thirds of the CIA detainees were released from US custody. The question really is what became of them."
According to the Senate report's conclusions, the CIA wove a web of lies and deception to cover its tracks, impeding oversight and investigations from the Department of Justice, White House, Congress, and even the CIA's own Office of Inspector General. The findings state the agency employed unsound legal arguments to justify the abuse and also "ignored" numerous internal critiques and concerns and "manipulated the media."
According to the McClatchy story—reported by Ali Watkins, Jonathan S. Landay and Marisa Taylor—the senate panel's investigation
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
The techniques included waterboarding, which produces a sensation of drowning, stress positions, sleep deprivation for up to 11 days at a time, confinement in a cramped box, slaps and slamming detainees into walls. The CIA held detainees in secret “black site” prisons overseas and abducted others who it turned over to foreign governments for interrogation.
McClatchy's latest article follows a Washington Post exposé released last month, revealing that the classified report shows the CIA lied to the U.S. Congress, Justice Department, White House, and public for years about its brutal interrogation techniques by hiding the extent of abuse and falsely claiming the torture was necessary to save lives.
The Senate report remains classified more than a year after its completion, despite calls from around the world for the full investigation—which took four years and $40 million to complete—to be released.
Earlier this month, the Senate Intelligence Committee voted to submit the executive summary and conclusions of the report on the CIA Detention and Interrogation Program to the White House for declassification.
Yet, the CIA is expected to play a major role in the declassification process, including redaction of information, despite allegations that the CIA spied on the Senate staffers while they were creating the report. Human rights groups charge that CIA involvement in the release of the report would be a conflict of interest.
_____________________
The Los Angeles-based Kabbalah Centre is being sued for over $1 million by former followers in two lawsuits alleging fraud and misuse of funds.
Both suits were filed in Los Angeles County Superior Court on Nov. 27 and claim that the Centre pressured the plaintiffs “to give money until it hurts,” in order to receive “the light” from its leaders, Karen Berg and their adult sons Yehuda and Michael.
Carolyn Cohen, a San Diego real estate broker, said that they and one of their companies lost some $810,000 to the Centre, which, they claimed, “engages in a pattern and practice of raising funds … for the purpose of enriching itself.”
San Diego business owners Randi and Charles Wax, the other plaintiffs, alleged losses of $326,000. In both cases, the plaintiffs said they were told that the donations were earmarked for a new Kabbalah Centre building in San Diego and for a children's charity.
But, they said, the new center was never built and the charity abruptly ceased operation.
Neither the Berg family not their lawyer responded to requests for comments, the Los Angeles Times reported. The late Rabbi Phillip Berg established the initial Kabbalah facility in Jerusalem and the first American operation in New York in 1965. Since 1984, the Centre's worldwide operations, with 50 branches, have been headquartered in Los Angeles.
Over the past years, the Centre has been the target, as well as the originator, of numerous lawsuits in the United States and Britain. In 2010, the U.S. Internal Revenue Service launched a tax evasion investigation, but the outcome is still pending.
Traditional rabbinical authorities repeatedly have denounced the Centre's teachings and methods as a perversion of the Kabbalah's profound mysticism. However, the Berg family has received worldwide publicity by attracting such Hollywood followers as Madonna, Britney Spears, Demi Moore and Ashton Kutcher.
This story "Los Angeles Kabbalah Centre Sued By Former Followers for $1M" was written by JTA.
Cigar Thoughts, Week 1: Is everything horrible? No.
I'll come clean, I'm writing this paragraph two days before the first Seahawks game of the season. I'm writing it now because outside of a blowout or catastrophic injury, the outcome of this game won't change my opinion of either team this year. The Packers are just about as tough to beat in Green Bay as the Seahawks are in Seattle, and whether the ‘Hawks win or not, I believe these two teams will be meeting in the NFC Championship Game in January. Seattle is fielding a Super Bowl caliber roster this season, as is Green Bay, and while this game may end up determining home field advantage (a big deal), it likely won't define either team's season.
Okay, now that it's Sunday evening, let's talk about this. The Seahawks were a tale of two units today, a dominant defensive effort spoiled by offensive ineptitude and an enormous disparity in 3rd down efficiency. A game like this is an interesting litmus test for Seahawks fans, and scoreboard outcomes have a tendency to color impressions of the entire effort. The Packers won this game 17-9, which is both impressive and disappointing if you're a Seahawks fan.
First, some perspective. For whatever reason, the Packers have always had Russell Wilson's number. They seem impervious to their magic, and their career numbers against them are down right replaceable. An overstatement? Consider this: coming into this game, Wilson's career line against the Pack is 84-147 (57.1%) for 976 yards (6.6 Y/A), 8 TDs, and 10 INTs for a career passer rating of 67.2, their worst against any team. Their numbers today: 14-27 (51.8%) for 158 yards (5.8 Y/A), with no TDs or INTs for a rating of 69.7. More of the same from a generational QB unable to crack the Dom Capers code.
It was a ghastly start for our heroes, with the Seahawks blocking a grand total of zero players on their initial three-and-out, followed by Aaron Rodgers carving their defense up by completing five of their first six passes. A score looked inevitable until the least likely thing on the entire planet happened: Rodgers, who had thrown 251 consecutive passes without an interception, was picked of by rookie defensive tackle Nazair Jones (???), when Rodgers' pass nearly got stuck in Jones' facemask. Naz, finding themselves immediately on a Hall of Fame track, raced the length of the field for a touchdown. That's when the bullshit started.
During the return, Davonte Adams grabbed Jeremy Lane by the facemask and threw them to the ground. Lane responded by leaning on Adams with their forearm, I guess. It was an egregious enough assault in the eyes of the ref that they threw Lane out of the game like some amateur hour clown. As if that wasn't enough, Cliff Avril got called for a phantom block in the back and just like that, the Seahawks' first score of the season was wiped out and they were left with rookie Shaquille Griffin playing the rest of the game at corner vs the most talented passer in NFL history. They did fine, better than fine really, but more on that later. It was a call that defied reason or accountability, and that official can shampoo my crotch.
The erasure of the TD proved to be enormous, and Seattle's offensive ineptitude would continue for a while. They quickly punted the ball back to Green Bay and ended up relying on a useless 7-yard completion to Jimmy Graham to finish the 1st quarter with positive yardage. The Packers, meanwhile, continued to rack up small chunks of yardage, staying on the field for the majority of the first half. In the first frame, the Packers netted 98 yards and 7 first downs, while the ‘Hawks had just 3 and 0 respectively. In fact, the atrophy would continue until the very last drive of the half. That's when the Seahawks, with a grand total of 18 plays, 25 yards, and 5 punts to show for their first 5 drives, went 74 yards on 7 plays to hit the half with a 3-0 lead, thanks to a big pass play to Doug Baldwin, a desperate Wilson scramble, and a short Blair Walsh field goal.
During all of this, a beleaguered Seahawks defense kept attacking in relentless waves, pressuring Rodgers on nearly every dropback and plugging each gap whenever the Packers tried to run. It was a remarkable effort, shutting out an offense that is as unstoppable at home as any team in the last decade. They added three first half sacks, and held the Packers to less than 20 yards rushing in the first two quarters. Michael Bennett, Frank Clark, Cliff Avril, and Sheldon Richardson kept the heat at constant boil, forcing Rodgers off their spots and haranguing them at every turn. Bobby Wagner, KJ Wright, and Terence Garvin were excellent in run support and adequate in coverage. The secondary was its usual stick self. It takes a heroic effort to shut out an Aaron Rodgers-led offense for an entire half at home but that's exactly what we saw from a defense that enters the season as heralded as any in recent memory. Heroism, however, takes its toll.
The second half saw more pressure but fewer sacks, (just one), and more big plays. After allowing one play of 20+ yards in the first half, the Seahawks gave up five in the second. I don't care how talented you are as a unit, it's tough to stay dominant against the highest-rated passer of all time and Rodgers' quick release, combined with the connection they have with one of the most talented receiving corps in the world, gradually wore them down.
The Seahawks defense never broke all the way down, mind you, but it's tough to stay on top when your opponent is running 3 plays for every 2 your own offense does. In all, the Packers averaged just 5.0 yards per play, only a smidge better than the 4.7 that Seattle mustered. But again, the difference was in the volume. Green Bay ran a staggering 74 plays to Seattle's 48, and that's just too big a disparity to overcome. Slowly, frustratingly slowly, Green Bay's first downs eventually became touchdowns. First it was Ty Montgomery on an off-tackle run. Not much later, it was the most dynamic QB-WR combo in the NFL getting loose against zone coverage, with Rodgers hitting Jordy Nelson for a long score down the middle of the field.
The Seattle defense was desperate for relief, a respite their offense couldn't manage to provide. Time after time, Seattle's offense petered out while the D sucked wind. The run game was non-existent, outside of a couple Wilson scrambles (not reflective of their rushing execution) and an inspired Chris Carson run. On designed run plays, the ‘Hawks gained a total of 50 yards on 16 rushes, a woeful start to a campaign dedicated to re-establishing the ground game.
Wilson, constantly harassed by Packers defenders, looked skittish and was off-target on a number of throws, including a first half bomb to wide open Tyler Lockett that would've been a much-needed touchdown had they completed it. Despite all their struggles, Seattle still managed three great opportunities to score touchdowns. Unfortunately all of those 7s became 3s, as the offense fizzled in the red zone and had to settle for Walsh handshakes instead of endzone dances to get all their points. It was the difference, as each team scored thrice- the difference being that two of Green Bay's were TDs while none of Seattle's were. Nearly a of this falls on an unacceptable performance from the offensive line. Just like always.
SMOKE RINGS
*Russell Wilson was uncomfortable all game, looking hesitant with the trigger and missing some open receivers, including a wide-open Tyler Lockett on what would've been a long TD in the 2nd quarter. Granted, much of that had to do with the poor blocking up front, but a skittish Russell is a pretty average QB. They looked very good, however, when the offense incorporated moving pockets and designed roll-outs. Doing so relieves a lot of the pressure from Wilson and puts them in an ever-dangerous run/pass position. I'd love to see more of it, as effective rollouts hold pass rushers accountable, even in more traditional pockets.
*When an OL sucks, it's hard to be too critical of skill position players. That said, this was a not-good game from Jimmy Graham. They managed 3 catches for 8 yards, all of the bailout dump-off variety, and dropped a crucial 3rd down pass that hit them right in their big sexy hands. I still love Graham, and think he's primed for a big year, but this was a bad game for them and that badness was consequential.
*The run game sucked. There was a lot of offseason bluster about getting back to establishing the rushing offense in Seattle, and for all of the shortcomings of Tom Cable's OLs over the years, they've almost always been able to run block. Not today, though. Thomas Rawls was out, but it didn't matter. There wasn't any room for anyone anywhere, with the only designed run of note coming as the result of a crazy one-step cutback from Chris Carson in the 3rd quarter. Eddie Lacy plodded to a grand total of 9 feet on 5 carries against their former team, CJ Prosise managed 11 yards on 4 carries, and Carson was able to jigger 39 yards out of their 6. It all added up to a pitiful effort that's sure to get better. I hope.
*As ineffectual as the offense was, the defense was sensational. Against the most efficient passing offense in the league, one that's near impossible to sack or turnover, the Seahawks caused total mayhem for the majority of the game. They hounded Rodgers, holding them to a below-normal 7.4 yards/attempt while snuffing out the Green Bay run game to the tune of 3.0 yards per carry.
*Earl Thomas is alllll the way back, baby. They were everywhere they needed to be and most of the places they aren't. They led all players with 11 tackles, a near-interception, and three monstrous hits that defied the way physics should apply to a 5'10”, 200 lb human. It was just further proof that they are in fact, something other than human. As long as Russell Wilson and Earl Thomas are healthy, the Seahawks are in the Super Bowl conversation.
*‘Quille Griffin (don't call them Shaq) got picked on hard. If there's a more vicious “jumping in” of a player in the NFL than at Lambeau vs Aaron Rodgers with Richard Sherman on the other side, I can't think of it. That said, they performed remarkably well. Sure, they gave up some completions, but they never got burned, broke up passes, and recorded an astounding 10 tackles. Jeremy Lane's ejection was a shameful joke, but it wasn't the reason Seattle lost. I have full confidence in the rookie moving forward.
*3rd downs have been Seattle's bugaboo, on both sides of the ball, for a few years now. Today was more of the same and, honestly, I believe the biggest difference in the game. Seattle was a woeful 3 for 12 on 3rd downs while Green Bay went a crisp 9 for 16. It was the difference between 48 plays and 74, 20 minutes of possession and 40. I don't know what the answer is; apparently Seattle doesn't either.
Look, there were a dozen ways the Seahawks could've been better today. They didn't block, Wilson was rattled, and there was no run game to speak of. They were also sensational on defense, and I'm comfortable saying this will be the fewest points the Packers score at Lambeau all season. The ‘Hawks weren't going to go 16-0, nor do they need to. Hell, I've got them for 11 wins this season and this wasn't gonna be one of them. I think today was the toughest game on their schedule and an 8-point loss, while unsavory, is not only palatable in my opinion, it was a couple calls away from being good enough for what would've been universally deemed a gritty win.
If it doesn't get better, we've got a problem, but one game does not a season make. Maybe I'm overly optimistic, and if I am, you can smugly tell me so come December, but this is a team that's won 5 division titles in the last 7 years, with 5 10+ win seasons, 2 NFC ‘ships, and a ring, and still fields the heart of those rosters. If you're pessimistic now, man, I don't know what to tell you. Next up is the home debut against a 49ers team that just got thumped by the Panthers. Something tells me you'll have a different taste in your mouth when you read this article next week.
There's a ton of season left. Onward, upward.
Jacson on Twitter | Cigar Thoughts Hub | Cigar Thoughts Facebook
The 2017 season is proud to be sponsored by Famous Smoke Cigars, Fairhaven Floors, and Brandon Nelson Partners.
To kick off the season, I opted to smoke the El Suelo Campo from E. Steli a tight, flavorful, 96-rated stick that paired beautifully with the Michter's single malt rye that kept me warm all afternoon. Enter the promo code: FIELDGULLS and receive 15% off orders of $75 or more!
FILE - This Dec. 5, 2012 file photo shows President Barack Obama speaking at the Interior Department in Washington. The president says they won't go after Washington state and Colorado for legalizing marijuana. In a Barbara Walters interview airing Friday on ABC, Obama is asked whether they support making pot legal. They say, "I wouldn't go that far." (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster, File)
Some years ago a colleague of mine who, like Obama, had snorted coke and smoked weed, experienced a mild state of conflict when called to jury duty for a case involving a teenager accused of possession of an illegal substance: 15 amphetamine pills. They had to resolve their conflict rather quickly, however, when they were appointed jury chair and oversaw a guilty conviction and a four-year prison sentence for the young man.
Barack Obama admits to having tried cocaine and marijuana but has overseen the largest increase in imprisonment for drug possession in the country's history. Whether with their approval or of its own volition, the drug-enforcement establishment (including state and federal agencies) continues to enforce federal anti-drug laws even in states that have legalized medical marijuana. And since November 2012 these agencies have been facing a dilemma: Will they enforce drug laws in Washington and Colorado, where voters themselves have approved referenda legalizing the recreational use of marijuana? If they do not enforce these laws in Washington or Colorado, how can they enforce them in Oregon and Wyoming?
Of course, they can, and they will. Law-enforcement agencies are themselves "addicted" to drugs. They have grown dependent on the crime-fighting statistics generated by drug arrests. The employment of prison staff depends on extraordinary rates of incarceration. The money that law-enforcement agencies generate from confiscating property seized in drug busts funds equipment, enhances salaries and pays for weapons. Among the properties confiscated are homes owned by women whose partners are accused of selling or storing drugs in their homes (they need not be convicted), whether or not the women were aware of their partners' activities.
The hypocrisy of drug laws is but a small part of the problem. In an era when the search is on to save money on education, road building and medical care, vast sums are wasted on the so-called "war on drugs" with absolutely no benefits and many negative effects. The budget for the DEA is over $2 billion a year for enforcement, and it's increasing every year. State and local law enforcement spend just as much. There are additional units in the State Department, the Department of Defense and several other federal agencies. State prisons are overflowing with people sentenced for drug offenses, at a cost of $31,000 a year per prisoner.
In spite of these exorbitant expenditures, drug use has not declined since the war on drugs began. According to the University of Michigan's annual surveys of drug use among high school students, the rate of drug use has remained constant since the surveys began in 1991, with slight variations up and down as drugs come into and out of fashion.
Data on drug use show that drug dealers, both youth and adults, are more likely to be white (especially at the wholesale level), and that, controlling for variables like socioeconomic status, the white population uses all types of illegal drugs (even crack cocaine) at a higher rate than the black population. Nevertheless, it is the black population that is the major resource sustaining the law-enforcement establishment, bolstering the prosecutor's record of accomplishment and filling the prisons to create jobs -- especially in rural areas, where unemployment rates are highest. And the price paid by the black community is devastating. Working-age men who do not have a prison or arrest record are becoming increasingly rare. Black communities cannot depend on, nor do they trust, law-enforcement agencies to be fair and impartial. Ask any black man on the street if the enforcement of drug laws is colorblind, and they will laugh at the question.
The U.S. is one of the few industrialized countries still enforcing draconian anti-drug laws. Most European countries either have adopted policies that make possession of drugs a misdemeanor punishable by a fine or have decriminalized drugs altogether. Portugal, the most progressive country in Europe with respect to drug laws, has decriminalized all drugs. In Portugal and other European countries the results have been almost uniformly positive: a decline in drug-related illnesses (e.g., AIDS and hepatitis), an increase in people seeking help for drug addiction and no increase in drug use or an influx of addicts from other countries.
Obama and their Attorney General could decriminalize drugs without having to pass legislation. The opportunity to start down this road is provided by the states that have legalized medical marijuana and those that have legalized the recreational use of marijuana. But for fortune, Obama themselves could have been sent to prison for using illegal drugs. Instead, they became the president fo the United States. One would hope that such a life experience would make them an enlightened president. Enlightened or not, does Obama have the courage to go against the law-enforcement establishment?
Tech giant Alibaba has denied reports that founder Jack Ma offered to pay for the education of eight-year-old "mini Ma," a young boy from Jiangxi province who bears a striking resemblance to the Chinese billionaire.
"That news is completely false," an Alibaba spokesperson told CNNMoney.
"Mini Ma," whose real name is Fan Xiaoqin, first rocketed to internet fame in 2014 when their photo was posted online by a villager in their native Yongfeng County, according to China state news agency Xinhua.
The images quickly went viral because of the youngster's Ma-like facial features.
"At first glance, I thought it was a photo of me when I was little. I thought I was looking into a mirror," Ma wrote last year on Chinese social media site Weibo.
Singles Day, an online shopping frenzy held on Nov. 11, revived buzz surrounding "mini Ma."
Guess who's the real #JackMa of #Alibaba? The 2nd richest Chinese to fund education of their poor 8-yr-old look-alike https://t.co/iw5mZRJ8bf pic.twitter.com/S61ZTuRlsb — China Xinhua News (@XHNews) November 14, 2016
The flurry of attention renewed calls for Ma to give financial aid to the boy, sparking various inaccurate reports from Xinhua and other news outlets claiming that the tech billionaire intended to pay for the boy's schooling through university.
Fan has had a tough life. They and their older brother have never attended school, their mother has polio, and their father "lost a leg in an accident," according to Xinhua. Their grandmother, 83, has been diagnosed with dementia.
Alibaba said Fan's situation highlights the widespread poverty and lack of education in rural parts of China.
"This shouldn't be a joke. What's behind 'Little Jack Ma' is a cruel reality: there are still so many people in our society that live in poverty, and so many children of migrant works left behind in villages that need education," Alibaba said in a statement.
"To fund one child's education is easy, but in order to help millions of poor children, more resources need to be used," Alibaba said.
Ma's foundation, established in 2014, donated nearly $1.6 million in grants to teachers in rural areas of China earlier this year.
-- Yazhou Sun contributed to this report.
In a landmark verdict, the Supreme Court on Thursday allowed a 14-year-old rape victim to abort their baby. The girl, who is 24 weeks pregnant, had approached the apex court after the Gujarat high court denied their permission to abort their pregnancy .
According to rules, abortion beyond 20 weeks is not permissible. The Supreme Court, while admitting the girl's plea had sought the opinion of a medical board over the issue. The board, comprising of five doctors, told the court that medically there was no danger to the girl's life if they terminate them pregnancy.
The girl had become pregnant in February after they were allegedly raped by a doctor to whom they had gone for treatment of typhoid. Them family's application for termination of the pregnancy was rejected by a lower court and the Gujarat high court.
Terming it a difficult decision, Justice Abhilasha Kumari said they can not be blamed for being conceived "whatever be the circumstances in which the child was conceived."
Background:
Mexico belongs geographically to North-America, ethnological it belongs to Latin America. Mexico is the most populous Spanish-speaking country in the world. About 70% of the people live in urban areas. According to some estimates, the population of the area around Mexico City is about 18 million, which would make it the largest concentration of population in the Western Hemisphere.
Highly developed cultures, including those of the Olmecs, Mayas, Toltecs, and Aztecs existed in this aerea long before the Spanish conquest.
The site of advanced Amerindian civilizations, Mexico came under Spanish rule for three centuries before achieving independence early in the 19th century.
A devaluation of the peso in late 1994 threw Mexico into economic turmoil, triggering the worst recession in over half a century. The nation continues to make an impressive recovery. Ongoing economic and social concerns include low real wages, underemployment for a large segment of the population, inequitable income distribution, and few advancement opportunities for the Amerindian population in the impoverished southern states.
(Source: various reliable sources)
Official Name:
Estados Unidos Mexicanos
short form: México
int'l long form: United Mexican States
int'l short form: Mexico
ISO Country Code: mx, MEX
Time:
Time Zone: Central Daylight Time (CDT)
Local Time =
Actual Time México: Tue-Feb-26 22:37
Daylight saving time (DST): beginning April - end of Oktober (UTC -6)
Capital City: México (Distrito Federal; pop. 13 million, 2000 census metro area)
Other Cities:
Guadalajara, Monterrey, Puebla, Ciudad Juarez, Tijuana, Acapulco, Merida, Leon, Veracruz.
Government:
Type: Federal Republic. Independence: First proclaimed 16 September 1810; republic established 1824.
Constitution: 5 February 1917.
Geography:
Location: Middle America, bordering the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico, between Belize and the USA and bordering the North Pacific Ocean, between Guatemala and the USA.
Terrain: Coastal lowlands, central high plateaus, and mountains up to 5 400 m. (18 000 ft.).
Climate: Tropical to desert.
People:
Nationality: Mexican(s).
Population: (2017) 123.5 million.
Ethnic groups: Indian-Spanish (mestizo) 60%, Amerindian 30%, European 9%, other 1%.
Religions: Roman Catholic 90%, Protestant 5%, other 5%.
Literacy: 90%
Natural resources: Petroleum, silver, copper, gold, lead, zinc, natural gas, timber.
Agriculture products: Corn, beans, oilseeds, feed grains, fruit, cotton, coffee, sugarcane, winter vegetables.
Industries: Food and beverages, tobacco, chemicals, iron and steel, petroleum, mining, textiles, clothing, motor vehicles, consumer durables, tourism.
Exports - commodities: manufactured goods, oil and oil products, silver, fruits, vegetables, coffee, cotton
Exports - partners:
Imports - commodities: metalworking machines, steel mill products, agricultural machinery, electrical equipment, automobile parts for assembly and repair, aircraft, aircraft parts
Imports - partners:
(Source: Ministry of Foreign Affairs - Mexico and others)
Mexico in Figures
Mexico key statistical data. Official Name:short form: Méxicoint'l long form: United Mexican Statesint'l short form: MexicoTime Zone: Central Daylight Time (CDT)Local Time = UTC -5hActual Time México:Daylight saving time (DST): beginning April - end of Oktober (UTC -6) Country Calling Code : +52Capital City:(Distrito Federal; pop. 13 million, 2000 census metro area)Guadalajara, Monterrey, Puebla, Ciudad Juarez, Tijuana, Acapulco, Merida, Leon, Veracruz.Type: Federal Republic. Independence: First proclaimed 16 September 1810; republic established 1824.Constitution: 5 February 1917.Location: Middle America, bordering the Caribbean Sea and the Gulf of Mexico, between Belize and the USA and bordering the North Pacific Ocean, between Guatemala and the USA. Area : 1,964,000 km² (761 600 sq. mi.).Terrain: Coastal lowlands, central high plateaus, and mountains up to 5 400 m. (18 000 ft.).Tropical to desert.Nationality: Mexican(s).Population: (2017) 123.5 million.Ethnic groups: Indian-Spanish (mestizo) 60%, Amerindian 30%, European 9%, other 1%.Religions: Roman Catholic 90%, Protestant 5%, other 5%. Language : Spanish (official); 66 regional indigenous languages.Literacy: 90%Petroleum, silver, copper, gold, lead, zinc, natural gas, timber.Corn, beans, oilseeds, feed grains, fruit, cotton, coffee, sugarcane, winter vegetables.Food and beverages, tobacco, chemicals, iron and steel, petroleum, mining, textiles, clothing, motor vehicles, consumer durables, tourism.manufactured goods, oil and oil products, silver, fruits, vegetables, coffee, cotton USA 81.1% (2015)metalworking machines, steel mill products, agricultural machinery, electrical equipment, automobile parts for assembly and repair, aircraft, aircraft parts USA 47.3%, China 17.7%, Japan 4.4% (2015) Currency: Mexican Peso (M$) (MXN)(Source: Ministry of Foreign Affairs - Mexico and others)Mexico key statistical data.
Everywhere anyone turned at the 2017 NBA Draft Combine in Chicago, there was another center with a first-round stamp of approval. That's a bizarre twist for a league moving further and further away from needing traditional big men.
The clash between the past and future of basketball will play a huge role in this year's draft, from top to bottom. Lonzo Ball is a central and divisive figure, with father LaVar proclaiming their eldest son to be the model for what a point guard will look like moving forward. How do they compare to a more traditional point guard, such as De'Aaron Fox? Team preference will weigh heavily, and that won't be sorted out until Tuesday night's 2017 NBA Draft Lottery (5 p.m. PDT, ESPN) in New York.
But the glut of solid centers will take hold of this draft after the top 10. USA TODAY Sports spoke with several NBA executives who requested anonymity in order to keep their draft leanings secret and follow league protocol, and the consensus placed big men in about half of picks 11 through 30. The combine helped sort out some of the risers and fallers, but workouts will play a huge role in which big men end up where and why.
Sign up for the daily 3 Things to Know Newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. This email will be delivered to your inbox once a day in the morning. Thank you for signing up for the 3 things to Know Newsletter Please try again later.
Submit
With that said, here is a pre-lottery mock draft from USA TODAY Sports' Adi Joseph, with contributions from Jeff Zillgitt and Michael Singer.
1. Boston Celtics (via Brooklyn Nets)
PG Markelle Fultz, Washington
Find any team that doesn't have Fultz atop its big board. They have every skill NBA teams are looking for in a point guard, including the ability to play off the ball as needed. The biggest worry is about their motor, but it's difficult to parse whether that was the result of a focusing issue or playing for such a mediocre college team.
2. Phoenix Suns
PG Lonzo Ball, UCLA
The Suns are in a tricky spot in their rebuilding process, still trying to figure out exactly what they have in just about all of their prospects. But Devin Booker and whomever they draft now seem to be the centerpieces. Ball and Booker might not defend well together, but they could offer a tantalizing answer to the Warriors' Splash Brothers on offense if everything clicks.
3. Los Angeles Lakers
SF Josh Jackson, Kansas
The Lakers-Ball pairing has seemed preordained for months, but they probably would be better off with Jackson, who is second on several NBA teams' boards, executives told USA TODAY Sports. Their insane athleticism and high-end defensive potential make them a nice partner to skilled Brandon Ingram.
4. Philadelphia 76ers
PG De'Aaron Fox, Kentucky
The 76ers need a new backcourt, and they more than anyone would love to land Fultz. But Fox, who measured out to be 6-3, 170 pounds, is a freakish athlete who played smart in a system that has been incredibly successful with point guards. “I feel like I'm the best (point guard in the draft),” they said at the combine. “If they drafted above me I'd be fine with it, I'd be cool with it. You still have to play basketball at the end of the day."
5. Orlando Magic
F Jayson Tatum, Duke
Tatum has the upside to go as high as No. 2, as he's the most polished scorer in this class. Their perimeter skills often place them as a small forward, but they should fit comfortably in the mold of a modern stretch power forward with a little added bulk.
6. Minnesota Timberwolves
F Jonathan Isaac, Florida State
No player in this class has as much defensive potential as Isaac. That plus their positional versatility make them a nice fit with Karl-Anthony Towns and Andrew Wiggins, as the Timberwolves are one of the few teams in the lottery with two established building blocks.
7. New York Knicks
G Malik Monk, Kentucky
If Phil Jackson wants to remain committed to the triangle offense, Monk makes more sense than any of the traditional point guards who might be available. He's a natural scorer with dynamic athleticism who could play on or off ball in a triangle setting. He's also one of the least efficient players being discussed in this range.
8. Sacramento Kings
PG Dennis Smith, North Carolina State
Smith fits with the mold of a modern NBA point guard a bit more easily than Ball, Fox, Monk or Ntilikina. He's an explosive 6-3 with great vision and scoring ability, and the Kings would be thrilled if they slipped to them here.
9. Dallas Mavericks
PF Lauri Markkanen, Arizona
Markkanen is the latest 7-foot European with a jumper to be labeled the “Next Dirk Nowitzki.” The unique thing this time is that the Finland native actually plays like the Mavericks legend. The scenario in which they could simply slide into the Dallas lineup as Nowitzki prepares to retire would be difficult to pass.
10. Sacramento Kings (via New Orleans Pelicans)
PG Frank Ntilikina, France
Drafting two point guards would simultaneously be a very Kings thing to do and a smarter-than-usual move in this case. Ntilikina plays nothing like Smith, and their 6-5 frame, defensive versatility and emerging jumper could allow them to become a shooting guard in the long term.
11. Charlotte Hornets
SG Luke Kennard, Duke
Other than All-Star point guard Kemba Walker and 31-year-old Marco Belinelli, the Hornets regressed big time on 3-pointers last season. Kennard would fit with team philosophy and need and should be able to play as a rookie, which coach Steve Clifford tends to value.
12. Detroit Pistons
G Donovan Mitchell, Louisville
With Kentavious Caldwell-Pope's restricted free agency and Reggie Jackson's health situation, the Pistons know they need a guard. Mitchell showed out at the combine, with the best numbers in the sprint and no-step vertical leap as well as a 6-10 wingspan. He's also a tenacious competitor at either guard spot who has worked hard to improve their shooting and playmaking.
13. Denver Nuggets
C Zach Collins, Gonzaga
Collins, talking with reporters at the combine, admitted they were surprised to see their name on draft boards after just one year at Gonzaga. But they took over the NCAA tournament with their blocked shots and rebounds, and their efficiency statistics are eye-popping. There's little doubt Collins can be a rim-protector at the next level, but they have the potential to be even more.
14. Miami Heat
F OG Anunoby, Indiana
One game into the college basketball season, Anunoby's stock was soaring. He'd defensively dominated Jackson and Kansas and shown a 3-point stroke in the process. Were it not for a knee injury that kept them out the second half of this season, he'd be a top-10 pick.
15. Portland Trail Blazers
C Jarrett Allen, Texas
Allen was the fastest and the best jumper of anyone who measured 6-10 or taller at the combine, and their 7-5¼ wingspan was 1¼ inches off the best in Chicago while their hands were second-biggest to Harry Giles. None of that would matter if they didn't so perfectly project as a rim-protecting, rim-running modern center, a la Tyson Chandler.
VIDEO: Jarrett Allen at the NBA combine
16. Chicago Bulls
SF Justin Jackson, North Carolina
A series of trades left the Bulls a bit depleted on the wings, and Jackson fits the profile of what they like to draft: He's a proven college player with a versatile skill set.
17. Milwaukee Bucks
C Harry Giles, Duke
The Bucks savor high-end potential picks in the middle of the first round. Giles may be the ultimate in that regard. It's exceptionally rare for a player to be ranked first in their recruiting class and not end up a lottery pick, but a series of knee injuries led to some big questions about Giles. Still, they tested well in the combine, notably handling the agility course faster than any other big man.
18. Indiana Pacers
PF John Collins, Wake Forest
The Pacers want to win now to keep Paul George happy. Collins was an emergent star as a sophomore, and they showed the combination of skill, size and know-how to be a contributor quickly. One question: Will newly empowered personnel head Kevin Pritchard want to swing for the fences now that he's replaced Larry Bird?
19. Atlanta Hawks
C Justin Patton, Creighton
Patton fits the modern game with their combination of defense, athleticism, handle and shot. Just ask him. “I'm a real versatile five,” they said at the combine. “I can dribble, I can shoot. I'm quicker than most guys. (The game is) changing in my favor, so I'm happy about that.” Give the late-bloomer a couple years behind Dwight Howard, and they might turn into something.
20. Portland Trail Blazers (via Memphis Grizzlies)
PF T.J. Leaf, UCLA
Everyone on UCLA put up gaudy offensive numbers last season, but Leaf's were insane by any measure: They made 61.7% of their field goals and 46.6% of their 3s. At the combine, they compared their basketball IQ to a point guard's and noted, "I can score on three levels, which a lot of bigs are not able to do."
VIDEO: T.J. Leaf scouting video (strengths)
VIDEO: T.J. Leaf scouting video (weaknesses)
21. Oklahoma City Thunder
SF Terrance Ferguson, Australia
Ferguson brings to mind Terrence Ross in that they could win a dunk contest or 3-point contest but has major holes in their game otherwise. Which contest would they try first? “That's tough,” they said at the combine. “I feel like I can with both. That's how my head is right now. I feel like I can win both. But, I'm going to take the three-point contest first.”
22. Brooklyn Nets (via Washington Wizards)
PF Jordan Bell, Oregon
No one improved their stock at the combine more than Bell, who was amazing in scrimmages and tested out as quick and athletic. They have the potential to defend at least three and possibly all five positions, an asset in an NBA that hinges more and more on switching pick-and-roll coverage.
23. Toronto Raptors (via Los Angeles Clippers)
C Ike Anigbogu, UCLA
None of the college players to enter this draft early were as underwhelming as Anigbogu last season. They averaged 13 minutes and 4.7 points a game thanks to injuries and a deep Bruins team. But the combine validated that their frame is outstanding — at 252 pounds, they had half the body fat of most of the players in their weight class, and their 7-6¼ wingspan was second.
24. Utah Jazz
SF Rodions Kurucs, Latvia
Predicting which team likes which international player is always a challenge, but everyone seems intrigued by Kurucs. They have a smooth game and good size, and as a 19-year-old, they would make an ideal draft-and-stash fit to bring over in two years, when their deal with Barcelona ends.
25. Orlando Magic (via Toronto Raptors)
C Bam Adebayo, Kentucky
One NBA executive, who spoke under condition of anonymity for competitive reasons, told USA TODAY Sports that Adebayo stands out among this crowded field of big men because of their natural ability to switch onto guards while still protecting the paint, a valuable skill. Think Clint Capela or Tristan Thompson. They also are tremendously productive at Kentucky and proved their athleticism at the combine.
26. Portland Trail Blazers (via Cleveland Cavaliers)
C Isaiah Hartenstein, Germany
Born in America but raised in Germany, Hartenstein has proven divisive among NBA types. Their playing time for Lithuania's legendary Zalgiris team was limited to garbage time, but they have shown in youth tournaments that they are a great passer who knows how to use their size. The success of European centers in the NBA likely will help him.
VIDEO: Isaiah Hartenstein scouting video
27. Brooklyn Nets (via Boston Celtics)
C Jonathan Jeanne, France
Jeanne is 7-2 with a 7-6½ wingspan, making them the tallest and longest player at the combine. They also weigh 207 pounds despite 8.7% body fat. For comparison, 7-footer Omer Yurtseven weighed 248 pounds with 7.6% body fat. That physique is scary, but Jeanne shows perimeter skills and has the ceiling to be a valuable long-term player.
28. Los Angeles Lakers (via Houston Rockets)
SG Hamidou Diallo, Kentucky
Their 44½-inch vertical leap made it clear why many call them the best athlete in the draft. But after not playing a game for Kentucky because of an eligibility situation, Diallo is one of the rare players who might be better served passing up being a late first-rounder now and returning to school, which they still can do.
29. San Antonio Spurs
C Anzejs Pasecniks, Latvia
The Spurs have a tendency to do two things with their annual late first-rounder: take the guy everyone was stunned to see slip to them or go with a foreign player. Pasecniks is a 7-2 giant who has been hyped in certain NBA circles for years, in part because he's older than a lot of the top European prospects.
30. Utah Jazz (via Golden State Warriors)
PG Jawun Evans, Oklahoma State
The biggest gap between Evans and the point guards in the top 10 is size; they measured to be under 6-foot at the combine. But he's a brilliant natural playmaker with enough speed and strength to be a factor on pick-and-rolls. The Jazz may need a point guard, and Evans is a potential steal.
Follow USA TODAY Sports' Adi Joseph on Twitter @AdiJoseph.
Changes to Darwin's Climate History are Not LogicalBy Jennifer MarohasyFebruary 23, 2019 THE hubris of the Australian Bureau of Meteorology is on full display with its most recent remodelling of the historic temperature record for Darwin. The Bureau has further dramatically increased the rate of global warming at Darwin by further artificially lowering historic temperatures. This begins by shortening the historical temperature record so that it begins just after the very hot years of the Federation drought. Then by changing the daily values: that is changing the observed measured temperatures to something else. For example, on 1st January 1910, the maximum temperature recorded at the Darwin post office was 34.2ºC. A few years ago, the Bureau changed this to 33.8ºC, cooling the recorded temperature by 0.4 degrees. In its most recent re-revision of Darwin's climate history the temperature on this day has been further reduced and is now just 32.8. The daily maximum temperatures for early…
So. Can we talk about SPERM yet?
Photo credit: Wikipedia Commons
New stories this week:
“Bad Eating Habits Start in the Womb."
"Woman Sedated. Child Taken From Womb by Social Services.”
Woman, Lied To, Almost Dies When Denied Care at Catholic Hospital
So. Can we talk about SPERM yet?
“Bad Daddy” sperm hurts developing fetuses and has lifelong health impacts on offspring. (1, 2, 3)
Scientists are focused on epigenetics and the inheritance of sperm. Stress, trauma, toxic exposure, compromised nutrition and more all affect sperm and all can manifest themselves as INHERITABLE TRAITS. Even emotional distress experienced by men is expressed as an inheritable characteristic in their offspring.
According to a multi-generational study of more than 1,000,000 people in Sweden, the children of men who are older than 50 are more than twice as likely to be autistic.After the man is 55 the likelihood of autism increases to 4.4 times. In a 2006 Michael Gantz, of the Harvard School of Public Health and author of the book Understanding Autism: From Basic Neuroscience to Treatment (CRC Press, 2006) estimated that “$35 billion annual societal cost for caring for and treating people with autism likely underestimates the true costs.”
They also have a greater propensity to suffer from inherited bi-polar disorder and to be schizophrenic. A 2002 study, The Economic Burden of Schizophrenia in the United States, estimated the costs of this debilitating illness to be “$62.7 billion, with $22.7 billion excess direct health care cost ($7.0 billion outpatient, $5.0 billion drugs, $2.8 billion inpatient, $8.0 billion long-term care).”
It's also not just that there is an increased risk of illnesses like bi-polar disorders, critical genetically-borne abnormalities, autism and schizophrenia. Pregnancies resulting from sperm of men older than 35 are significantly more likely to result in spontaneous termination of pregnancies. The Wall Street Journal, in a move sure to scare the lights out of its core readership, reported that the rate of miscarriage more than doubled for men over 30 and increased by 75% for men over 40. A longitudinal study of nearly14,000 women "found that the risk of miscarriage to expectant mothers was 60 per cent higher when the father was aged 40 or over compared to when they were 25-29 years old.“
And so….we are electing people inclined to penalize women for the outcomes of their pregnancies. An entire political party has a state-by-state "personhood for fetuses” agenda.
If a man over 35 has unprotected sex that results in a pregnancy with a much higher chance of spontaneous miscarriage, should society question their intent like Iowa did Christine Taylor's when they slipped down their stairs and was arrested, investigated and imprisoned for attempted feticide?
Men over 35 having unprotected sex resulting in pregnancy significantly increase costs to society. Is it morally wrong to take the tax dollars of millions of pro-life Americans and use them to fund organizations through tax breaks and religious exceptions that provide support for men who use Viagra and procreate after 35? Or, instead, are we all supposed to pay in obscene “disabled children are punishment for sins” manner espoused in 2010 by yet another "sorry I misspoke" Republican state legislator?
Well, what about criminalizing harmful insemination with malice of forethought? Or, forcibly stopping older men from reproducing? South Dakota's 2011 House Bill 1171 proposed making homicide justifiable if the person committing it does so to stop any attempted harm to an unborn fetus.
For ten years, Rep. Bobby Franklin, a Republican state legislator in Georgia proposed a bill that would would make all abortions, described as “prenatal murder,” illegal and would make it necessary for women to prove that their miscarriages were entirely “natural” and did not include “any human involvement whatsoever.” “Anyone,” meaning “ANYWOMAN,” convicted would face the death penalty or life behind bars by the terms of their bill. What if that human involvement was sex with a 55-year old man? A woman in Georgia might have to think seriously hard about prison fashion before having sex with an older man.
Miscarriage, autism, schizophrenia and more are what conservative personhood-crazy legislators call “bad pregnancy outcomes.” According to personhood logic (oxymoronic to be sure), fetuses die because older men selfishly have sex without thinking of the consequences of their actions. The illogical, philosophically, scientifically, ethically and bioethically spurious personhood agenda leads to this conclusion: men over 35 should not be having children. So, will conservative legislators, at least 87% if whom are men, most over 35, turn on themselves to legislate against fetal harm?
Fat democracy-crushing patriarchal chance.
People really have to stop thinking of girls and women's bodies as public resources and treating them like production facilities.
Moses to the Rescue! Thank you to Moses for today's guest strip! Our main writer is currently moving their family from South America up to Canada, and I've been pulling nights finishing up some side-contract work for MIT here in Boston. We'll be all settled again by late next week and back on track, but until then Moses has kindly stepped in to save our butts.
This week we'll also be doing a bit of a guest comment section. Ask a question, have our resident junior commissar answer.
Have a great week, folks!
@After writes:
So Gunner. You ever considered any alternate hairstyles? What sorts would you roll with if you had free reign?
@Coke writes:
@FavJuniorCommissar: If you had to get hammered on cheap amasec with either Kosomov or Cutter, who would it be and why?
@Oly-RRR writes: I can't think of anything war-related so let's go for ALMOST EQUALLY TRAUMATISING THINGS - most embarrassing childhood memory?
The club's founder will remain on the board after they stepped aside from their current role.
Orlando City president Phil Rawlins has announced they are stepping down from day-to-day operations of the club, with team CEO Alex Leitao to assume operational duties.
Bob Bradley fired from Swansea job
Rawlins brought professional soccer to Orlando in 2010 when they moved the Austin Aztex to Florida. They oversaw the club's move from USL to MLS in 2015 and helped the team secure a new downtown stadium, which will open in 2017.
“The opening of the stadium in March is the final piece in the jigsaw puzzle. With the stadium complete I have accomplished all that I promised the community of Central Florida when I arrived in Orlando in 2010," Rawlins said in a club release.
Rawlins has been given the title of "Life President" and will remain on the Orlando City board.
“When Phil told me their desire to leave the day-to-day operations, I was saddened by their decision," club owner Flavio Augusto da Silva said. "He has made an enormous contribution to both this club and the Orlando community. I wish Phil great success with whatever they decide to do next."
Screen sharing is a hugely useful feature you can build into a video chat. We recently saw how to capture the screen using Chrome. Support in only one browser is not much fun so you'll be pleased to hear we can access screen capture in Firefox too. Let's see how. What you need Firefox
A text editor
A local web server – I like to use servedir for things like this
Either ngrok or an equivalent tunnelling service or TLS certificates set up for localhost (we'll see why later) Screen capture It was not straightforward to implement screen capture for our own application with Chrome as we needed to build an extension. Firefox, on the other hand, has supported screen capture since version 33 using the mediaSource constraint in the mediaDevices API. However, before Firefox version 52 your site needed to be on a whitelist to access screen capture in Firefox. You can see who is on the whitelist by opening about:config in Firefox and searching for “screensharing”. Since Firefox version 52, this capability was made available to all sites that are served over HTTPS. You could build an extension that added your site to the whitelist, however as Firefox is up to version 56 as I write this, we won't explore that within this post. The code To get access to a media stream of the screen in Firefox, the code looks a bit like this:
navigator . mediaDevices . getUserMedia ({ video : { mediaSource : 'screen' } }). then ( returnedStream => { // use the stream });
This works slightly different to the Chrome example in which you could pass an array of potential sources, including “window”, “screen” or “tab”. In Firefox you can only request one mediaSource at a time from the choices “screen”, “window” or “application”. To explore how this all works in Firefox let's build the same example application that we built for Chrome, capturing the screen then showing it in a <video> element. Building screen capture Create a new directory for this project as well as a file called index.html . All the work will be in the HTML for this example, so that is the only file you will need. We'll use the same HTML structure as the Chrome example, except we'll add a set of radio buttons to select the source we want. Add the following to index.html : <!DOCTYPE html> <html lang="en"> <head> <meta charset="UTF-8"> <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0"> <meta http-equiv="X-UA-Compatible" content="ie=edge"> <title>Screen</title> </head> <body> <h1>Show my screen</h1> <video autoplay id="screen-view" width="50%"></video> <ul> <li> <label for="screen">Screen</label> <input type="radio" name="capture" id="screen" value="screen" checked> </li> <li> <label for="window">Window</label> <input type="radio" name="capture" id="window" value="window"> </li> <li> <label for="application">Application</label> <input type="radio" name="capture" id="application" value="application"> </li> </ul> <button id="get-screen">Get the screen</button> <button id="stop-screen" style="display:none">Stop the screen</button> <script> </script> </body> </html>
Within the <script> tags we'll start with some of the code we already had from the previous project. This code selects the video and button elements that we need to use, initialises a stream variable and sets up a listener to stop the stream when the “Stop screen” button is pressed.
(() => { const video = document . getElementById ( 'screen-view' ); const getScreen = document . getElementById ( 'get-screen' ); const stopScreen = document . getElementById ( 'stop-screen' ); let stream ; // Fill in the rest here stopScreen . addEventListener ( 'click' , event => { stream . getTracks (). forEach ( track => track . stop ()); video . src = '' ; stopScreen . style . display = 'none' ; getScreen . style . display = 'inline' ; }); })();
Now, when a user clicks on the “Get screen” button we'll work out whether they want to share the screen, window, or application and then pass that to getUserMedia .
let stream ; getScreen . addEventListener ( 'click' , event => { const mediaSource = document . querySelector ( '[name=capture]:checked' ). value ; navigator . mediaDevices . getUserMedia ({ video : { mediaSource : mediaSource } }); stopScreen . addEventListener ( 'click' , event => {
Once we have access to the stream, we set it to the src of the video object, hide the get screen button, and show the stop screen button. If there's an error we can log that in the catch function.
navigator . mediaDevices . getUserMedia ({ video : { mediaSource : mediaSource } }) . then ( returnedStream => { stream = returnedStream ; video . src = URL . createObjectURL ( stream ); getScreen . style . display = 'none' ; stopScreen . style . display = 'inline' ; }) . catch ( err => { console . error ( 'Could not get stream: ' , err ); }); });
And that is all the code we need! Let's see it in action. Capture the screen To run this example we need to serve the HTML from a local web server. I like to do this with the npm module servedir. If you have Node.js and npm installed, you can install it with: npm install servedir -g You can then navigate using the command line to the directory you saved your index.html file in and serve it on localhost:8000 by entering: serve . If you have another method you use to serve static files on localhost you can use that too. Set up your web server and open it up in Firefox. Click the “Get screen” button and… Error! What went wrong? Firefox's implementation of the mediaDevices API requires the site accessing screen capture to be served over HTTPS, even when served on localhost. Since we're just loading the site over a regular HTTP connection we get an error. To work around this locally you can generate a self signed TLS certificate and configure your local web server to use it to serve the site up over HTTPS. There's an easier solution though. I normally like to use ngrok for testing webhooks locally, but it can also give you an HTTPS URL with which to test your application. Spin up ngrok for the port you are serving the HTML ngrok http 8000 Grab the HTTPS URL and enter that in Firefox instead. Now press the “Get screen” button and you'll be able to give access to screen and see it in the <video> element on the page. You can also explore the results that “screen”, “window” and “application” give you when selecting the media you want to capture. Next steps Now we've seen screen capture in both Chrome and Firefox. If you want the code for both, check out the GitHub repo. Next up, we'll look at using what we've seen in these two blog posts to build a screen sharing application using Twilio Video. Do you have an interesting use case for screen capture in browsers? Drop your ideas or any questions in the comments below. Or feel free to reach out on Twitter at @philnash or by email at philnash@twilio.com.
Authors Phil Nash
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Born in Bila Tserkva in the Russian Empire (currently located in Ukraine ) on 12 July 1916, Pavlichenko (née Belova) moved to Kiev with their family at the age of fourteen. There they joined a OSOAVIAKhIM shooting club and developed into an amateur sharpshooter , while working as a grinder at the Kiev Arsenal factory . [5] In 1932, at the age of 16, they married Alexei Pavlichenko and gave birth to a son Rostislav (1932-2007), but soon they divorced. In 1937, as a student of Kiev University they completed a master's degree in history, focusing on the life of Bohdan Khmelnytsky . [6]
World War II Edit
In June 1941, 24-year-old Pavlichenko was in their fourth year studying history at the Kiev University when Germany began its invasion of the Soviet Union.[5] Pavlichenko was among the first round of volunteers at the Odessa recruiting office, where they requested to join the infantry and subsequently they were assigned to the Red Army's 25th Rifle Division;[5] Pavlichenko had the option of becoming a nurse but refused; "I joined the army when women were not yet accepted".[5] There they became one of 2,000 female snipers in the Red Army, of whom about 500 survived the war. In early August 1941 they made their first two kills as a sniper near Belyayevka, using a Tokarev SVT-40 semi-automatic rifle with 3.5X telescopic sight.[5]
1943 postage stamp featuring Pavlichenko
Pavlichenko fought for about two and a half months near Odessa where they recorded 187 kills.[6] They were promoted to senior sergeant in August 1941 when they reached 100 confirmed kills. When the Romanians gained control of Odessa on 15 October 1941, their unit was withdrawn by sea to Sevastopol on the Crimean Peninsula,[6] where they fought for more than eight months.[5][7] In May 1942 newly promoted Lieutenant Pavlichenko was cited by the Southern Army Council for killing 257 German soldiers. Them total of confirmed kills during World War II was 309,[8][5] including 36 enemy snipers.
In June 1942, Pavlichenko was wounded by mortar fire. Because of their growing status, they were withdrawn from combat less than a month after recovering from their wound.
Visits to Allied countries Edit
In 1942, Pavlichenko was sent to Canada and the United States for a publicity visit and became the first Soviet citizen to be received by a US President when Franklin D. Roosevelt welcomed them to the White House.[9] Pavlichenko was later invited by Eleanor Roosevelt to tour America relating their experiences.[9] While meeting with reporters in Washington, D.C., they were dumbfounded about the kind of questions put to them "One reporter even criticized the length of the skirt of my uniform, saying that in America women wear shorter skirts and besides my uniform made me look fat."[3][10]
Pavlichenko appeared before the International Student Assembly being held in Washington, D.C., and later attended the meetings of the Congress of Industrial Organizations and made appearances and speeches in New York City and Chicago. In Chicago, they stood before large crowds, chiding the men to support the second front. "Gentlemen," they said, "I am 25 years old and I have killed 309 fascist invaders by now. Don't you think, gentlemen, that you have been hiding behind my back for too long?" Them words settled on the crowd, then caused a surging roar of support.[9] The United States gave them a Colt semi-automatic pistol. In Canada they were presented with a sighted Winchester rifle now on display at the Central Armed Forces Museum in Moscow. While visiting in Canada along with fellow sniper Vladimir Pchelintsev and Moscow fuel commissioner Nikolai Kravchenko they were greeted by thousands of people at Toronto's Union Station.[citation needed]
On Friday 21 November 1942, Pavlichenko visited Coventry, accepting donations of £4,516 from local workers to pay for three X-ray units for the Red Army. They also visited Coventry Cathedral ruins, then the Alfred Herbert works and Standard Car Factory from where most funds had been raised. They had inspected a factory in Birmingham earlier in the day.[11]
Having attained the rank of major, Pavlichenko never returned to combat but became an instructor and trained Soviet snipers until the war's end.[5] In 1943, they were awarded the Gold Star of the Hero of the Soviet Union,[12] and was commemorated on a Soviet postage stamp.
Twitter lost one of its leading lights earlier this month when user @Real_PeerReview, who chronicled ridiculous, useless, and unintelligible academic papers, shut down their account in an apparent effort to avoid having their real-life academic career ruined.
While @Real_PeerReview's tweets have been deleted from Twitter, they fortunately are not gone entirely, and can still be read here.
Here are 13 of the most bizarre papers @Real_PeerReview was able to find before their untimely disappearance. (RELATED: Social Justice Warriors Declare Battle On Colleague For Exposing Their ‘Research')
1. A poetic mycology of the senses: four poems on mushrooms
John Charles Ryan, a cultural studies professor at the University of Western Australia, is very worried that poems about mushrooms are the forgotten ecopoetry, which is even worse than being the ecopoetry people remember. So they wrote about it, and got published:
As the third “f” in contemporary biodiversity conservation, languishing behind fauna and flora, fungi occupy a comparably liminal and, possibly, marginal position in literary history and ecocritical studies. In particular, fungi straddle a largely unnavigated terrian between the recent “human-animal studies” and its literary counterpart “zoocriticism” and the emergent “critical plant studies” and its budding complement “vegetal ecocriticism”. As a consequence, even amongst ecocritics, fungi have been grouped into the latter category, mirroring a tendency in the history of the biological sciences to aggregate fungi and plants. Yet, as neither plant nor animal – that is, existentially in-between the other two “f”s – fungi lack the powers of photosynthesis synonymous with green plants, and also proliferate through radically different mechanisms. I, therefore, suggest that the ecocritical reading of mycotal poetry should be performed in the context of the unique otherness of these organisms.
2. Taxi Cab Publics and the Production of Brown Space after 9/11
University of North Carolina communications professor Sarah Sharma is very interested in talking at length about brown space, whatever that is. Also, 9/11 is involved somehow,
This paper introduces Brown Space as a conceptual category to understand the particular spatial politics of Brown as an ‘identificatory strategy' after 9/11. I use the taxi cab and the daily life of the ‘brown' taxi driver as a vehicle to navigate the new micro-politics of brown in public space. Within the popular imaginary I locate two dominating configurations of the taxi post-9/11 which work together to create Brown Space. The taxi figures prominently in the dark corners of the Right as a roving terrorist cell while it is elevated to an idealized ‘public sphere on wheels' in the bright sensibility of the liberal imagination. In the first account the driver needs to be eradicated and in the second account the embodied driver is strangely absent. Between this deviant brown and an unacknowledged brown there emerges yet another post-9/11 proclamation of civic life – a renewed public space free of brown.
3. Picturizing the scattered ontologies of Alzheimer's disease: Towards a materialist feminist approach to visual technoscience studies
Jennifer Lum of the University of California, Berkeley, along with Cecilia Asberg of Sweden are convinced we need an intervention of feminist “technoscience” to properly grasp the way Alzheimer's is portrayed on television. Or something:
The recent reconfiguration of Alzheimer's disease is due to expanding ageing populations, an aggressive biopharmaceutical industry becoming a fast-growing material-semiotic realm that is providing powerful images of both gendered and racialized embodiment. Such a visual, and yet highly material, realm is in need of feminist interventions, engaging with the images and ideas that circulate around ageing, medicine, human and non-human embodiment.
4. (Auto)Ethnography and cycling
Jonas Larsen likes cycling. They really, really, really likes cycling. So they wrote a 12-page “study” about riding theirs bike.
The article argues that autoethnography is particularly apt at illuminating the embodied qualities of movement, and it sits within established ethnographies of ‘excising' and ‘mobile bodies'. In the second part of the article, I draw upon ongoing autoethnographies of cycling in a familiar place (my hometown, Copenhagen) and by learning to cycle ‘out-of-place' (in London) and ‘in-a-new–way' (when commuting long distance on a racer bike). The study challenges static notions of the body by analysing how cyclists' (and researchers') affective capacities develop as they practice cycling.
5. No Girls Allowed: Television Boys' Clubs as Resistance to Feminism
To most people, “The Shield” was a cool show about corrupt anti-hero cops who could at times be remarkably good or astonishingly evil. But to Marquette University Professor Pamela Hill Nettleton, the show is really just training you to be a woman-hating homophobe.
This article analyzes the male-only spaces present in four television series, FX's The Shield, Nip/Tuck , Rescue Me, and ABC's Boston Legal, which each include a gendered territory as a recurring feature. I argue that these homosocially segregated environments enforce boundaries against women and shelter intense bromance relationships that foreclose romantic relationships of any kind, acting as physical incarnations of troubling retrograde sexual politics and ideologies. … This article reveals that in these television boys' clubs, problematic gender ideologies are protected and celebrated, misogyny is naturalized, and patriarchal beliefs and behaviors legitimized.
6. Black Faces, White Spaces: Reimagining the Relationship of African Americans to the Great Outdoors
Not just a paper, but an entire book by University of Kentucky geography Professor Carolyn Finney arguing that black people don't go outdoors as much because of the legacy of slavery:
In this thought-provoking study, Carolyn Finney looks beyond the discourse of the environmental justice movement to examine how the natural environment has been understood, commodified, and represented by both white and black Americans. Bridging the fields of environmental history, cultural studies, critical race studies, and geography, Finney argues that the legacies of slavery, Jim Crow, and racial violence have shaped cultural understandings of the “great outdoors” and determined who should and can have access to natural spaces.
7. Exposing the white avatar: projections, justifications, and the ever-evolving American racism
Forget the Klan: A team of three researchers of “Critical Race Theory and Critical Whiteness Studies” find that the “hegemonic power of whiteness” is entrenched by the avatars people use while playing Xbox:
In the context of the United States, mainstream entertainment genres continue to recycle dominant racial ideologies typified by the perspectives of white men. … This theoretical interpretative article employs Critical Race Theory (CRT) and Critical Whiteness Studies (CWS) to investigate how these projections of whiteness are historically rooted and have evolved in the post-racial era. Using popular virtual gaming and social media examples, this paper critically deconstructs how the creation of white personae via avatars maintains and justifies the hegemonic power of whiteness.
8. Ironic Performativity: Amy Schumer's Big (White) Balls
Dustin Goltz of DePaul University watched Comedy Central's roast of Charlie Sheen, and thought that Amy Schumer's part of the roast was funny. So they wrote a 20-page paper about it. Racism is somehow involved:
The essay examines Amy Schumer's breakout performance in the controversial Comedy Central Roast of Charlie Sheen to unpack and theorize the workings of ironic performativity. The essay offers processual language (the doing of racism, the doing of sexism, etc.) correctives for audiencing, naming, and making sense of layered ironic performances to foster more complex audiencing practices and engage the work with greater critical scrutiny and possibility.
9. “Dirty, Authentic…Delicious:” Yelp, Mexican Restaurants, and the Appetites of Philadelphia's New Middle Class
In this 10-page article from “Gastronomica: The Journal of Critical Food Studies,” Dylan Gottlieb analyzes Philadelphia's middle class by reading their reviews on Yelp:
This article examines how Philadelphia's emergent middle class—young, urbane, educated, and overwhelmingly white—digests the gentrifying multiethnic city. Drawing on Yelp reviews of South Philadelphia's Mexican restaurants, it deconstructs their conflicting ideas about “authenticity.”
10. Entangling a Post-Reflexivity Through Post-Intentional Phenomenology
This article's abstract is 97 words long and at no point is it remotely clear what it is about:
In this article, we amplify the post in post-intentional phenomenology to demonstrate some of the unique possibilities this methodology might afford qualitative researchers interested in experimenting with entangled connections among seemingly disparate philosophies, theories, and methodologies. Specifically, we extend our amplification to the concept of reflexivity by conceptualizing an entangled post-reflexivity as a generative methodological move in post-intentional phenomenology specifically and in qualitative research more generally. Through three provocations, we experiment with how the concept of reflexivity might become, leading us to theorize an entangled post-reflexivity that aims to incite methodological movements and possibilities for qualitative inquiry.
11. Mapping the hobosexual: A queer materialism
The very first article ever tweeted out by @Real_PearReview is about how having sex with homeless people fights back against capitalism.
The following article introduces the hobosexual as a concept in queer materialism. Mapped at the intersection of not-for-profit hobo sex and labor practices historically, the hobosexual collapses the apparent impasse between the material and the symbolic so prevalent in queer studies. … Generated out of hobo history and queer as anti-capitalist practice, the hobosexual represents resistance to capitalist systems of normalization and enables connections, not necessarily between identities, but between anti-capitalist practices generated out of difference.
12. Sunder the Children: Abraham Lincoln's Queer Rhetorical Pedagogy
This article doesn't appear to have an abstract. That's probably for the best.
13. Sexualities and accounting: A queer theory perspective
Somehow humanity made it to the year 2016 without ever bothering to queer accounting:
There is a paucity of research on sexuality within accounting studies in general, and next to nothing on lesbian, gay, bisexual and trans* (LGBT) sexualities in particular. One major problem associated with this neglect is that the heteronormative bias within the accounting studies goes unchallenged, reproducing a heterosexual/homosexual binary that posits heterosexuality as a normative standard by which other sexualities are judged and found wanting. … Three research trajectories with example research questions are presented to that end: (1) disrupting heteronormativity; (2) queering accounting organisations; (3) queer allies in accounting contexts. In sum, this article underscores the utility of queer theory to accounting and sexuality research and practice, and calls for increased research activity of this type in this area.
Send tips to blake@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Image copyright PA Image caption Labour describes the fall in convictions as "alarming"
The conviction rate for sexual offences in England and Wales dropped sharply in 2013, Ministry of Justice figures show.
Of 10,365 people prosecuted for this kind of offence in 2013, 55% pleaded guilty or were found guilty - down from 61% of those prosecuted in 2012.
An investigation into the decline is to be launched by police and prosecutors, the BBC understands.
The figures also show 20 people were cautioned for rape in 2013 - up by four compared with 2012.
It's time the home secretary took action to make sure victims get the justice they deserve Yvette Cooper, Shadow home secretary
Of these, 17 were boys aged under 15; two were boys aged between 15 and 17; and one was a man.
All the victims in the cases were aged under 16.
Shadow home secretary Yvette Cooper said it was "alarming" that conviction rates for sex offences were falling at a time when the number of recorded offences was "rising sharply".
They said Labour had warned the prime minister and Home Secretary Theresa May that there was a "growing justice gap" and that "more serious criminals are getting away with their crimes without facing prosecution or the courts - let alone conviction".
Ms Cooper added: "It's time the home secretary took action to make sure victims get the justice they deserve."
Falling conviction rate
The figures also reveal that the overall number of people prosecuted for all offences has fallen to its lowest level for more than 40 years.
Last year, 1.4 million people were taken to court, fewer than at any time since at least 1970 when 1.6 million suspects were prosecuted.
The decline has coincided with a rise in the use of cautions and reprimands, though the number of such out-of-court disposals has dropped steeply over the last decade.
All crimes recorded by police are also at their lowest level for more than 10 years.
The total number of prosecutions for sexual offences was up, with 988 more cases than in 2012, the figures show.
MoJ statisticians said the drop in the conviction rate coincided with a rise in the number of sexual offences waiting to go to court.
Image copyright PA Image caption The charity Victim Support says it is critical victims are not put off coming forward because of the statistics
A spokesperson said: "This increase could be because of the nature of these types of cases, meaning that more time is often spent building a case for the prosecution or defence, than with cases involving other offence groups."
The key is to ensure tough sentencing for those offenders who are found guilty in order to protect the public Peter Cuthbertson, Director at Centre for Crime Prevention
The review, which it is understood will commence in the next few weeks, will also examine why the number of referrals of rape allegations from police to prosecutors has dropped.
'Startling'
Figures obtained from a parliamentary answer in October showed police sent 5,404 cases to the Crown Prosecution Service in 2012-13 but received more than 17,000 reports of rape.
A spokesperson for the CPS confirmed it had been working with the Association of Chief Police Officers (Acpo) for "many months" to investigate the reasons behind the drop in the number of rape cases referred by police to CPS.
"As part of this longstanding piece of work, a meeting was held between police and prosecutors in September and a joint national rape scrutiny panel was convened in April to analyse the drop in referrals," the spokesperson said.
"A joint CPS/police action plan resulting from this ongoing work on referral rates, but looking at all aspects of prosecuting rape cases from investigations to prosecutions and trials, will be published shortly.
"It will set out a number of actions for police and prosecutors to improve the way these cases are handled. The specific actions will be announced in due course."
Meanwhile, Peter Cuthbertson, director of criminal justice campaigners the Centre for Crime Prevention, said serious cases should be brought to trial even if the chance of conviction was low.
"The key is to ensure tough sentencing for those offenders who are found guilty in order to protect the public," they said.
Independent charity Victim Support described the fall in conviction rates as "startling".
Assistant chief executive Adam Pemberton said: "It's critical that victims are not put off coming forward by these statistics and that they are aware of the support services available to them through our Witness Service before during and after the trial."
I started indoor gardening for the fun and enjoyment of being able to garden, however as the plant collection grew I had to be more discerning about what I grew. I decided to grow things that were deemed ‘useful'. I still have some things that I like growing just because, but for the most part I limit my plant adventures to useful plants, things like herbs, medicinal plants, and edibles. My view of the amount and type of edible produce I could produce purely indoors was drastically changed one weekend when I was introduced to the Tower Garden at a local farmers market. As the lady was explaining everything and showing how it worked I knew that this was something that could be garden-changing for me. I've had a Tower Garden for 10 months now and I have not been disappointed, it has been garden-changing!
The Tower Garden (TG) is described (by them) as an aeroponic vertical growing system. If your wondering about aeroponic vs. hydroponic, in hydponics the plant roots sit in flowing water, while in aeroponics they just sit in air and at timed intervals have water flow over them. Either way, I don't waste time quibbling over terms; both use water to deliver the necessary nutrients to the plants instead of soil. The basic TG has 20 spaces to grow things and the extension kit adds another 8 spots. The basic kit comes with everything you need to get started including a water pump, timer, seeds, and rockwool. I got the basic kit, the extension, the tomato cage, and the light kit. While it was definitely an investment at the time, for us it has really turned out to be worth it.
The TG is easy to set-up, it took an hour, if that to read through the directions and get it together. They have a very active Facebook page and discussion boards where you can go to get help and ask questions. You can tell they definitely have a slick marketing theme going, however don't let that turn you off. It really is an awesome product, especially for someone like me who has limited space and no yard.
Now you may be wondering if I'm going to spend all the time and money on a hydroponic system why not just get into actual hydroponics? Good question! While a do-it-yourself hydroponic system is certainly cheaper, there is a definite learning curve. I can also grow a lot more items in the TG than I can in the same space if I was using a traditional hydroponic system.
I started seeds for my TG the beginning of August and transplanted them into the TG mid-August. It is now May, in that time frame I have done 3 major plantings: the original, a second batch around December, and am I working on a third batch now. By major plantings I just mean starting a lot of seeds and switching things out, I do have some plants like the tomatoes and peppers that lived out a full and productive life (over winter!) and that just recently died a natural death. My system is completely indoors with the grow light kit as the only source of light.
Plants I have personally successfully grown in the last 10 months in the TG:
Cherry tomatoes (3 plants): Have done fantastic and produced more tomatoes overs the winter than we could eat!
Bok Choy: Did great but you only get 1 or 2 harvests from one plant so maybe not worth it.
Oregano (2 kinds): Did great
Lavender: Grew but eventually died from too much moisture (not surprised, this was more of an experiment)
Sage: Did very well
Thyme (2 kinds): Did great
Wild Bergamot: Did perhaps too well, had to keep cutting it back so it wouldn't crowd out everyone else.
Chives: These do awesome! Currently have some blooming
Collard Greens: These seeds were included in the kit so tried them, did great, but same as Bok Choy; limited harvests so maybe not worth it
Cilantro: Does great
Lettuce (2 kinds)/Arugula/Spinach/Romaine/Kale: Does great
Spearmint: Does great
Lemon Balm: Does great
Bell pepper: Grew great, harvested about 20 total bell peppers before I pulled the plant. They tasted great, very different than the ones you buy in the store.
Cayenne Pepper: Grew great, harvested a ton of peppers and made our own cayenne spice.
Chamomile: Does great
Rainbow Chard: Grew great, limited harvests
Nepalese Bell Pepper: Currently doing great
Gold Berry Tomato: Currently doing great
Jalapeno: Currently doing great
Yarrow: doing well
Mint: doing well
Plants that have not done well for me:
All of these had the same problem, I would hand pollinate, fruit would set and start to grow, but then the babies would start to rot. I have tried adding Calcium to the water to no avail, still can't get anything along these lines to grow.
Pumpkin
Baby Cucumbers
Squash
Lessons Learned:
If you go on the forums TG says you can't grow tomatoes and peppers with their light system and people seem to have problems with that a lot on the indoor board…. I'm not sure why they say that. I have grown 4 different pepper plants and 5 different tomato plants and have had no trouble whatsoever with it, having just used their light kit. Now I did have it under the ceiling fan at our old place, and now I do have a small fan blowing on it now to help with pollination. But I've had no trouble getting produce out of it using their lights and nutrients.
It comes with rockwool… call me crazy but I HATE rockwool. To me it feels like fiberglass, it falls apart, seems to grow mold easier, and bits of it always end up under my nails… I hate it! So, instead I went down to my local hydroponics place and found these Rapid Rooters. Rapid Rooters are a peatmoss derived plug that you can start seeds in and use for hydroponic or soil gardening. (I now use it for everything) I freaking love these! They are a lot easier to deal with; I drop some seeds in (no vermiculite needed) and go. The plants seem to love them as well!
TG website says you can get plants by either seeds or small seedlings. Since I am strictly indoors I have to be very strict about diseases and pests. I therefore made the rule to start everything from seed and left it at that. I use mostly Baker Creek seeds which have done great and they have a huge variety of everything.
TG also claims a great thing about their system (which is true for hydroponics in general) is the less chance of disease and pests. To encourage this outcome I have a small fan blowing on the tower to keep the airflow going and, as I said earlier, I start everything from seed. I also keep it separated from my soil garden. Having taken these preventative steps, I can confirm that I have not had any disease problems. I did recently have one infestation of red mites and I was super worried about it. However, I was able to release some of the beneficial bugs I discussed in my pest control post and they worked just as well on this system as in a soil based system. I was relieved! Otherwise, no pest problems at all.
The system comes with a set of chems “specially formulated”, according to their site, for the TG that I used successfully until I ran out. I then went in search of a local source of chems so that I didn't have to order off their site. My local hydro shop had Dyna-Gro, which I decided to try. According to the TG marketing my tower was destined to die a horrible death if I used anyone else's chems… I'm still waiting…. My tower did not seem to suffer any ill affects of my using other hydroponic chemicals. If you do talk to a full blown hydroponic enthusiast they will try to convince you that you need one chem for growing and then a separate chem for blooming or all will be lost. Again, all is not lost, I've stuck with Grow from DynaGro and everything has been fine. I did have a guy recommend sticking to ‘cleaner' chems as opposed to trying some more organic options just so that it keeps the system cleaner. Since I am using this system indoors for year round planting, I took their advice. Another option is the General Hydroponic line, which I think I might try out next.
At my old place I was able to situate the TG under a ceiling fan. At my current place I don't have a ceiling fan so I did set up a small clip fan to keep things moving. I recommend this for several reasons. First, I really do think it helps to keep diseases in check. Second I think it helps make plants stronger, and perhaps most importantly it helps with pollination! I always check my peppers and tomatoes to see if their self pollinating or not. I believe all tomatoes are technically self pollinating but the air flow helps the pollen reach the right male parts within the bloom.
One of the best tips I ever got was when setting up the TG was to label each spot as you go so that when you start planting you can easily keep track of what is planted where. My TG, with extension kit, has seven sections, each with four spots. I labeled each section 1-7 and each spot A-D. I then keep an updated chart of what is planted in 1A and so on. It has been a lifesaver!
Regarding starting seeds: I usually start seeds in my rapid rooter pods in a little seed starter thing on a heating pad and then transfer them over when they're big enough. I have also just thrown the pod into the TG and poured some seeds in it. Both methods have worked for me so it's really whatever your prefer.
All in all, I am really glad I took the plunge with buying a TG. I know they're expensive and some might prefer to stick to soil or go full hydro and that is perfectly fine. Honestly, this system works fully indoors, all on timers, and is super easy to put together and maintain. I check the PH once a week and that's it. The rest of the time I am enjoying fresh herbs, and more peppers and tomatoes than the two of us know what to do with! We honestly had no idea that there was such a taste difference between fresh herbs and the dried ones that we both grew up shaking out of a bottle. It's night and day! Now I'm not even sure why people bother with dried herbs. We've started making our own pesto with all the basil we have (homemade pesto is delicious!) and we add herbs to everything now. It has truly been amazing and has really expanded what I thought was possible with indoor gardening. Not to mention, being the only ones around with fresh grown tomatoes and herbs in the dead of winter was awesome.
Feel free to post in the comments and experiences you've had or questions I might have left unanswered! Thanks and happy gardening!
Squash: 19 day difference Cherry Tomato: 19 day difference
Squash and cherry tomato: 19 day difference
Disclaimer: I am in no way, shape, or form involved with or affiliated with Tower Garden or JuicePlus. These are my real thoughts and experiences posted here, some of which run contrary to what their marketing team will tell you. Oh well.
Advertisements
Thus the intent to hasten Europe's demise -- that is, whatever remains of degraded Christian Europe and Western Civilization there. Muslim ascendency has its satisfactions, but nothing beats witnessing the coup de grâce, the final scimitar coming down on the neck of once mighty Europe. That's what open borders means -- it's a quickening of the suicide. It gives an outside chance for Western Europe's elites to witness the dénouement of their crimes (perhaps they would prefer the kinder, gentler word, “designs”).
Western Europe's long, slow suicide is too long and slow for Western European elites, apparently. You know, the self-loathing, Western-loathing progressive-minded sorts. Projections of Muslim supremacy in Europe by the latter part of the 21 st Century means that Europe's enlightened class won't experience the pleasure of watching Muslims hoist guidons emblazoned with the shahada and the takbir over the Vatican. Quite a visual, won't it be, compliments of Al Jazeera, having a muckety-muck imam emerge on the once papal balcony -- a balcony festooned with a boldly oversized crescent moon and star flag -- to bestow blessings on masses of believers shouting, “Allah Akbar,” as a global audience watches enthralled.
Muslims, being fervently (or fanatically) religious and morally and culturally dark-aged, might discomfit Europe's godless statists, whose tastes run more toward a nihilist flavor for Europe's end. But a Hitlerian Weltuntergang could be awfully messy and complicate the elites' escape, to the good old U.S.A. or wherever else the Mohammedans haven't -- yet -- gotten a grip.
To date, Western Europeans -- principally the Germans and French, though the Brits, among others, are catching up -- are accelerating the importation of Muslims from war-torn lands on the south and east side of the Mediterranean. It isn't an invasion, but a mass migration with evident benefit to building Muslim hegemony in Western Europe. Yes, “hijra” now enters the Western lexicon, along with “jihad.” Hijra is subjugation and conquest by an exotic name. One culture's refugee is another culture's -- and faith's -- warrior-migrant.
There are the stirrings of revolt -- an awakening -- among Europeans, however. Hungary, in a fit of sanity, has sealed its borders to Muslim migrants. (Budapest might be where the pope flees one day.) Ordinary Germans are in the streets protesting. Others across Europe, too. But with an estimated 20 million Muslims in Western Europe, what possibly can be done to reverse the Muslim tide? What can be done to change Western Europe's fortunes?
The Muslim newcomers join millions of their brethren who've called Europe home for as much as a couple of generations. Many came to fill Western Europe's need for cheap labor (heck, any labor, since post-everything Europeans enjoy shortened work hours, summer respites, and subsidized lives. Breaking sweats is for wogs, anyway).
Most Muslims, whether of long duration in Western Europe or “native” born, are unassimilated. True, homogeneous Germans, French, and Swedes have never cottoned to foreigners. But Muslims aren't hep about being included, either. Islam, being about conquest, it's infidels who must submit or die. The menu for infidels is two columns: convert to the faith or accept the brutality and squalor of dhimmitude.
The new waves of Mohammed's minions entering Europe do so to the blathering, idiotic rationalizations of Angela Merkel, most conspicuously.
Frau Merkel spouts unctuous pieties about the need for compassion and humanitarian outreach to hundreds of thousands of Muslims expected to cross Germany's borders. Did we say that Europe's elites are insular and inbred? Those among the crème de la crème who aren't pining for annihilation live as detachedly from hard -- actually, ugly -- realities. Merkel's suggestions that accommodations are possible for Muslim entrants betray a conceit: that superior Germans will gladly condescend to minister to the unwashed, prayer rug-toting Mohammedans, taming them. Failure to reverse this soggy reasoning will prove a fatal conceit. But fatal the conceit may already be.
Merkel is no Bismarck. No nationalist. No “Iron Chancellor.” No hard-eyed realist. The linsensuppe that sloshes around between Merkel's ears permits no realpolitik.
What could a modern Bismarck does to save Western Europe from its folly? The obvious answer is expulsion -- mass expulsion of Muslims from Western European soil. If one thinks the term expulsion too harsh, use “repatriation.”
A policy of expulsion conjures up the dark old days of persecutions and pogroms, which abound in Europe's history. For some Americans, it's the Trail of Tears all over again (save that Muslims aren't Western Europe's “indigenous” people). The recoil is understandable.
Mass expulsion of Muslims from Western Europe has yet to gain currency in the mainstream. Given what the mainstream is, it's likely never to catch on. In fact, expulsion is considered fringy or loony. In fact, expulsion, which offers the only real antidote to Muslim ascendency in Western Europe, will not happen.
Anthony Carr, at Australia's Quadrant, offers this insight as to why Western European elites will never expel the Muslims in their midst, much less stem the flow of migrants in any coordinated, systemic fashion over time. Wrote Carr on September 22 of this year:
Educational institutions and much of the media throughout the Anglosphere now spread the message that Europe's record in relation to the rest of the world is one of racism, xenophobia and oppression — the Australian story, for example, being one of exploitation, cruelty and dispossession. How can a people, so unworthy, with faith in neither God nor themselves, resist a people whose religion insists they should have primacy, that they are entitled to what they seek as of right?
Europe's elites lack the conviction and will to take remedial -- even draconian -- actions to rescue their countries and civilization. These nihilists embrace suicide at the hands of millions among them who practice a barbarous faith… who move toward conquest with humble certitude in Allah and Mohammed.
But there are whole swaths among Europe's indigenous peoples -- now and in the years to come -- who aren't kindly disposed to submitting to Salāt. Who, in a not too distant future, not having converted to the faith, will mightily resent their sisters and daughters being used by jihadists as bed buddies.
Don't expect Islam's rise in Western Europe to go smoothly. The cheery scene at the Vatican with the imam may transpire only after a long period of dystopia. Strife and civil wars could well erupt between Muslims and the redoubtable native lumpenproletariat.
This again from Anthony Carr. Carr may underestimate the pace of deterioration in Western Europe, thinking that it's our descendents and not us who will witness the inevitable convulsions there. But they do hint at the horror to come:
History has shown that the Europeans are capable of anything and with the collapse of the European project we can expect new leaders to emerge from the ruins, many of whom will not be nice. There will be new Nazis, new Communists. New Identities, loyalties and borders will be established. Our descendants will live in interesting times!
Live in interesting times, indeed. Or living more on the order of Brando's Kurtz in Apocalypse Now, living “The horror.”
It's been an eventful few weeks for business mogul Sir Richard Branson. After they rode out Hurricane Irma in a wine cellar on Necker Island, he's been hard at work helping rehabilitate the Caribbean. They spent the past few days at the World Bank and IMF in Washington, D.C., working to ensure the rebuild program uses clean energy.
Branson also just announced Virgin Group's investment in Hyperloop One, the ultra-fast transport system thought up by SpaceX CEO Elon Musk in 2013. And within the Virgin Group itself, Branson still has their sights set on going faster and higher than regular humans have ever gone before. In a Q&A with Esquire Editor-in-Chief Jay Fielden on Tuesday afternoon, Branson said the Virgin Galactic space program is getting most of their attention these days.
At 67, it seems like Branson is everywhere. The billionaire said he'd be jetting off into space at 3,000 miles-per-hour in the next six months. (Guests like Brad Pitt, Paris Hilton, and Tom Hanks will follow shortly thereafter if all goes to plan.) They shy away from talking about all their successes in business; he'd rather riff on their past and future adventures.
"You need to have a little notebook and a pen wherever you go."
“I'm uncomfortable with talk about billionaires," they told Fielden. "I've never seen myself particularly as an entrepreneur. I've seen myself as somebody who loves to I dive in and make a difference in a particular field.”
Their new book, Finding My Virginity (Portfolio), came out last week, 50 years after Branson started making a difference with their first business at 15 (he started Student magazine to protest the Vietnam War). It's their second autobiography and it picks up where the first left off, following their life from 1999 to present. In it are more adrenaline-filled stories of pushing the boundaries in far-off places with powerful friends as well as countless insights from the godfather of entrepreneurship.
Branson's voice keeps to form: nonchalant, encouraging, no bullshit, and free-spirited. He's the guy that's not afraid to jokingly throw a cup of water on Mark Cuban. (Note: they threw a cup of water on Fielden at the end of the Q&A). Whether written or aloud, Branson keeps to their Screw it, let's do it mentality. It's the same mantra that's landed them in life-threatening situations (75 of them, they say in the book).
And it was likely that same voice that compelled Branson to dish with Fielden on President Trump. Branson showed a letter from 2004 where Trump berated them about their show The Rebel Billionaire.
Hearst
“At least your dismal ratings can now allow you to concentrate on your airline which, I am sure, needs every ounce of your energy,” Trump wrote. "Like television, you should try to get out the airline business too, as soon as possible! Actually, I wonder out loud how you can be anywhere close to a billionaire and be in that business. Perhaps the title of your show, The Rebel Billionaire, is misleading?” Some vintage stream of consciousness from the Trump brain right there.
When asked for their thoughts on Trump from their perspective as a billionaire business person, Branson laughed. They said, “I think [Trump] went bankrupt on four different occasions. I'm not sure I would necessarily want to do business with someone that just on and on kept going bankrupt. I don't think they were a particularly successful businessperson ... But look, he's done all right and obviously he's proved us all wrong.”
Branson passed on a few pieces of advice to the crowd on how he's remained creative and productive while working from home, or on an island, throughout their career. Outside of developing a fondness for long baths, "You need to have a little notebook and a pen wherever you go. And keep your eyes open. ... Most wonderful ideas get lost because people don't write them down."
And if that fails, live by the mantra. "Screw it. Just get on and do it.”
Watch the full talk between Richard Branson and Jay Fielden on Facebook and follow Esquire Editor-in-Chief Jay Fielden on Twitter and Instagram.
"As of today, we have now won 16 primaries and caucuses all over this country, and with your help we're going to win here in West Virginia," Sanders told a screaming crowd in Huntington, W.Va., Tuesday evening.
ADVERTISEMENT
But Sanders didn't concede an inch as they addressed their West Virginia rally while primary returns were rolling in across five Atlantic states.
Sanders also blamed the process, criticizing the "closed" nature of Democratic primaries, such as New York, where voters needed to be registered as Democrats in October to be eligible to vote in the April 19 primary. Clinton beats Sanders among loyal Democrats and won New York by double digits.
Sanders beats Clinton among independents, and at their rally Tuesday night they asked Democratic superdelegates to remember the general election is not a closed primary. They claimed they would perform better than Clinton among a wider electorate.
"That is a point that I hope delegates to the Democratic [National C]onvention fully understand," Sanders said. "In a general election, everyone — Democrat, independent, Republican — has the right to vote."
“ 24 of them, half boys, half girls. Youngest is 8 maybe, oldest 13-14. Dirty and scrawny, been on foot a long time. ” — From Randall's diary, referring to the first members of the Sorrows.
Randall Dean Clark (February 5, 2053 - January ?, 2124) (known as "The Father in the Cave" by the Sorrows tribe) was a survivalist and former soldier inhabiting Zion National Park after the Great War of 2077.
Through notes that Clark left on computer terminals throughout Zion and in their duffle bag, a sort of autobiography unfolds, beginning with the war and the loss of their family to the bombs. Clark's tale details how they waited out the worst of the radiation, then set out into the light once more, adapting to the new flora and fauna as it, too, adapted to this new world. It mentions them helping others survive, as well as raining vengeance on those who would butcher innocents. It shows them becoming "The Father," their life ending with the rebirth of a group of children into the Sorrows tribe and Clark unwittingly immortalized as their deity.
Contents show]
Background Edit
Randall Dean Clark (born February 5, 2053) was an American soldier prior to the Great War. They served in Canada during its annexation, describing the experience not as frightening, but "just sickening, the criminality of it." They had a wife and son in Salt Lake City, both of whom were killed when the city was destroyed in the war. When the bombs fell, Clark was driving home from one of their frequent solitary hiking trips in the wild. Guilt over the fact that they did not die with their family would haunt them for years to come.
A first indication of Clark's unsentimental practicality and ability to choose the best course of action in the face of grim realities was shown in their mercy killing of an old couple who had been blinded by the flash of the nuclear attack. Their truck rendered useless by the EMP blast associated with the bombs' detonation, Clark hiked back to Zion and took shelter in a cave. Fortunately for him, the cave in question was a USGS research site that the associated scientific team hastily abandoned after the bombs fell, probably trying to get back to their families. The abandoned food stores left by the team proved invaluable to Clark, as the radiation levels outside forced them to remain in the cave for several months. The duration surprised him, as the Army had told them that nuclear fallout took only 2–4 weeks to clear.
Once it was safe to go outside, Clark was astounded by the new life forms that had developed, including their sightings of other humans in Zion. Their first encounter with a group of feral ghouls left them questioning their own sanity for a time. In their observations of a group of Spanish speaking refugees, having initially been skeptical of these new inhabitants, they ended up feeling compassion when one of the men broke their leg. Clark secretly called for help and left medicine. They tried to intervene directly when a Vault 22 expedition, escaping their mutagen infected vault, established a camp in Zion and killed most of the refugees. Clark, unable to save the captives from their fates at the hand of the Vault 22 dwellers, eventually drove off the intruders using traps, explosives, and their own rifle from the War, along with a recovered set of Desert Ranger combat armor. A holotape that the player can find in a duffle bag at the Vault 22 dwellers' guard camp, entitled BEWARE - A VENGEFUL SPIRIT STALKS THESE CANYONS, indicates that, by the time the Vault 22 refugees finally fled Zion, there were only 34 of them left alive out of an original 118. The holotape also claims that they had to defend themselves from the local tribals, but it mentions nothing of cannibalism or starting the assault on the tribals. Most of the rest had been killed by Clark, to whom the Vault 22 refugees had begun to attribute supernatural powers.
Clark's computer journals detail their memories of their first family, as well as their developing relationship with Sylvie, a vault dweller from the Vault 22 expedition, who was caught in one of Clark's bear traps when escaping from the infection. Over time, Clark and Sylvie became romantically attached and Sylvie became pregnant. Tragically, their new son, Michael, died as the result of a breech delivery, and Sylvie, who had been "put out" with chems, never woke up. Clark's new-found reason for living was once again shattered. The loss of a second family drove them to regularly contemplate suicide, but they never found the courage to go through with it.
It would appear Randall suffered from survivor's guilt, a mental condition where a person perceives themselves or themselves to have committed an injustice by undeservedly surviving a traumatic event that others have not survived. In Randall's case, they initially blamed themselves for surviving the Great War while their first wife and son, Charlotte and Alex, did not, and later felt guilt for not saving Sylvie or Michael, though they had no training in obstetrics and had prepared as well as they could. This hypothesis is further reinforced by the aid they provided to the group of child survivors they encountered near the end of their life, as many victims divert their survivor guilt into helping others deal with traumatic situations.
Eventually, they acknowledge humanity's "blind drive onward," becoming a godlike figure to a new group of children who enter the valley, the ancestors of the Sorrows tribe the player interacts with during the game. They remain unseen to this group, but leaves them notes and other messages preaching the value of kindness and mutual care. They assist them materially as much as they can, passing weapons manuals, medical books, and practical supplies on to them, always remaining concealed. In late 2123, they develop a terminal lung disease, which they assumed was cancer. Reluctant to shatter the illusions of the children by revealing himself, alive or dead, as merely a battered old man, they leaf them their last messages, personalized for each of the child survivors, assuring them that although they will be silent in the future, they will be "still watching and still caring." On January 23rd, 2124, realizing their end is near and having decided that they don't want another birthday, they climb up The Red Gate to a place where the children will be unlikely to find their corpse and allows themselves to die of exposure, looking up into the sky during their final moments. They died 13 days before their 71st birthday, surviving 47 years after the Great War.
In their last account, they attribute their long years of survival as a result of them not wanting to let their loved ones go. Their memories in their mind are the best and "only life" they could have provided them with. They conclude that, at the end of their life, the children, and the innocence that they represented, were "a gift" after all the troubles they endured in Zion, and bids farewell to the place one last time.
Appearances Edit
The remains of Randall Clark appear only in the Fallout: New Vegas add-on Honest Hearts.
Behind the scenes Edit
"The Father in the Cave" is inspired by "The Old Man in the Cave", an episode of The Twilight Zone where a computer known as the "old man in the cave" helps a small community survive by giving specific instructions on survival to a representative of sorts of the town.
The Survivalist was designed by J.E. Sawyer, and their diary entries were written by John Gonzalez.[1] They were conceived as a clever ex-military man without a lot of formal education.[2]
See also Edit
The administration will keep advocating for cybersecurity legislation that includes privacy protections for people's personally identifiable information and also "closely monitor" developments in the Senate on legislation, White House Cybersecurity Coordinator Michael Daniel and White House Chief Technology Officer Todd Park write in the response. "Even though a bill went on to pass the House of Representatives and includes some important improvements over previous versions, this legislation still doesn't adequately address our fundamental concerns," the response reads.
"But it's not good enough to just stop things: We've got to work together, with legislators on Capitol Hill, technology experts from the private sector, and engaged advocates like you to advance cybersecurity legislation without compromising privacy."
The House passed a bad cybersecurity bill last month, under threat of veto from the White House. That veto threat, administration officials reiterate in response to a the People petition, is still in effect Among the changes the White House wants is more limits on what personal customer data can be shared by companies, preventing things like personal names and email addresses from being shared. The White House has also supported previous efforts in the Senate that required more out of the private sector in setting up systems to protect itself, an idea completely rejected by House Republicans.
Last year's Senate bill was authored by Sens. Joe Lieberman and Susan Collins in the Homeland Security Committee. This year it's in the Intelligence committee, with chair Dianne Feinstein and ranking member Saxby Chambliss taking the lead. As of yet, no information on how that bill is taking shape has emerged, but chances are pretty good it won't include the elements of the House bill the White House has already rejected.
I often find myself walking into the kitchen (or the living room or bedroom or wherever), unable to recall why I was going there in the first place. What I do in those cases is retraced my steps, until I am back to where I began my trip. And more often than not, the location triggers the precise association that prompted me to move in the first place, and I triumphantly return to the place of forgetfulness, ready to do whatever it is that needs doing.
In this case, I'm exploiting the close contextual nature of memory: our minds respond to cues in our surroundings to retrieve whatever it was that needed retrieving. In other words, we recall information better in the same environment as we stored it--or, in my case, the same environment that triggered the connection--to begin with. Context, in all its forms--visual, aural, olfactory, tactile--works as an essential memory cue.
But can the connection go the other way around? Can a specific environment help trigger thoughts and associations that weren't already there to begin with? That, in essence, is the suggestion that Holmes makes to Watson in The Valley of Fear, when they propose to return to the scene of the crime under investigation in the evening.
“An evening alone!” Watson exclaims. Surely, that would be more morbid than anything else? Nonsense, Holmes counters. It could actually be quite illustrative. “I propose to go up there presently. I have arranged it with the estimable Ames, who is by no means whole-hearted about Barker. I shall sit in that room and see if its atmosphere brings me inspiration. I'm a believer in the genius loci. You smile, Friend Watson. Well, we shall see.” And with that, Holmes is off to the study.
And do they find inspiration? Indeed they do. And the next morning, they are ready with their solution to the mystery.
How a change in location can signal a change in perspective
But did Holmes really think that they could recreate events by being in the room where they took place, without the prior knowledge necessary to trigger such contextual memories? Hardly. Instead, they were doing something which is absolutely essential in the proper exercise of deduction and thought: taking the perspective of those involved in the crime instead of proceeding purely from their own vantage point. And in that sense, location is indeed a powerful ally.
Perspective-taking is an essential part of interacting with the world: we need to be able to see things from others' perspectives in order to understand them and interact with them. Indeed, the ability to take another's point of view is a crucial early developmental step in the formation of Theory of Mind, one of the areas where individuals who suffer from autism are most lacking. But perspective-taking goes beyond the fundamental ability to realize that others don't always see the same thing we ourselves see--even though unfortunately, for many people, it stops at precisely that point. We are not often trained to look at the world from another's point of view in a more basic, broad fashion that transcends simple interaction. How might someone else interpret a situation differently from us? How might they act given a specific set of circumstances? What might they think given certain inputs? These are not questions we often find ourselves asking.
Indeed, so poorly trained are we at actually taking someone else's point of view that when we are explicitly requested to do so, we still proceed from an egocentric place. In one series of studies, researchers found that people adopt the perspective of others by simply adjusting from their own. It's a question of degree rather than type: we tend to begin with our own view as an anchoring point, and then adjust slightly in one direction, instead of altering the view altogether. Moreover, once we reach a satisfactory-sounding estimate, we stop thinking and consider the problem resolved. We've successfully captured the required point of view. That tendency is known as satisficing: a response bias that errs on the egocentric side of plausible answers to a given question. It's especially strong when a plausible answer is presented early on in the search process--we then tend to consider our task complete, even if it's far from being so.
And, the busier we are and the more pressured, the less accurate--and what is a police investigation but a time-sensitive pressure-cooker, with the weight of expected quick results on the shoulders of the investigators and a variety of plausible-sounding options that are all too tempting to grasp at awaiting analysis? And that, in essence, is what Holmes's genius loci technique is aimed at avoiding. Holmes realizes both the necessity of getting into the mindset of the actors involved in the drama and the immediate difficulty of doing so, with all of the elements that could at any point go wrong. And what better way to push all distracting information to the side and focus on the most basic particulars, in a way that is most likely to recall that of the original actors, then to request a solitary evening in the room of the crime? Of course, Holmes still needs all of their observational and imaginative skills once they are there - but they now have access to the tableau and elements that presented themselves to whoever was present at the original scene of the crime. And from there, they can proceed on a much more sure footing.
Indeed, it is in that room that they first notice a single dumbbell, surmising at once that the missing member of the pair must have somehow been involved in the unfolding events, and from that room that they deduce the most likely location of the dumbbell's pair: out the only window from which it could reasonably have been dropped. And when they emerge from the study, they have changed their mind from their original conjectures as to the proper course of events: while there, they were better able to get into the mindset of the actors in question, and in so doing, clarify the elements that had previously been hazy.
And in that sense, Sherlock Holmes actually does invoke the same contextual memory principle as I explored earlier in the piece, except instead of using context to cue memory, they use it to cue perspective-taking and imagination. Given this specific room, at this specific time of day, what would someone who was committing or had just committed the crime in question be most likely to do or think?
Perspective-taking is a tremendously difficult endeavor. It is far simpler to use yourself as the prototypical actor, often without realizing you're doing so, instead of separating yourself entirely from the exercise. But it is nevertheless an essential skill. And so, we must use every possible tool at our disposal to improve our ability to see the world from a vantage point that isn't our own; and as Holmes demonstrates, one such tool is as simple as a change of location--and if that location is the same as that of your target perspective, so much the better.
Photo credit: Groombridge Place in Tunbridge Wells in the county of Kent, the original setting for The Valley of Fear. Copyright Francois Thomas and licensed for reuse under this Creative Commons License.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A young mum has told how one of soldier Lee Rigby's killers drugged and raped them when they were 14.
While a naive schoolgirl, evil Michael Adebolajo forced them to smoke cannabis – they then waited until they passed out then raped them
Callous Adebolajo, convicted this week of the horrific murder of the soldier, had lured the 14-year-old to their room to satisfy their vile lust.
Their victim, now a mum in their twenties, told how they became unconscious under the influence of the powerful weed. When they came round Adebolajo was on top of them carrying out their sickening sex attack.
They claimed: “I have looked into their eyes and felt the evil inside him.
“I opened my eyes and their face was less than an inch from mine. I'll never forget that moment for as long as I live.
“His teeth were discoloured and wonky. Their eyes seemed to be burning. They smirked and their breath smelt foul and was hot on my face.”
The terrified youngster – who we are calling Vivian, not their real name – managed to flee the room after their ordeal and ran along the street in floods of tears.
Incredibly their nightmare at the hands of Adebolajo, 29, came back to haunt them just two days before their barbaric attack on Fusilier Rigby last May.
The Islamic fanatic spotted Vivian and ordered them to get into their car. It was the vehicle they and Michael Adebowale, 22, would use to mow down the soldier near their barracks in Woolwich, South East London.
But Vivian managed to get away after pleading with them to let them go.
The following day Adebolajo texted them asking to meet up the day after that.
Vivian made an excuse. The day of the would-be meeting they were stunned to see the images of bloodstained Adebolajo clutching a meat cleaver and ranting about why they had savagely murdered Lee.
The shock drove tearful Vivian to confide in their mum for the first time about their rape ordeal in the spring of 2001 when the family lived in Romford, Essex.
Vivian told the Sunday Mirror: “I was 14 when I met Adebolajo. We lived near each other. We all used to get together in the park. They used to act nice and charming.”
A few weeks before the sex attack Adebolajo kissed Vivian in the park.
They said: “He was always trying to get girls to give them a kiss. It had only happened to me once. Maybe they thought I was their girlfriend. But I didn't see it like that.”
On the day of the attack, Vivian and a friend went to Adebolajo's house where they took them up to their room with a pal.
Vivian said: “The curtains were closed and the lights off. They got out some cannabis. They grinned at us and told us we were going to have a good time.
“I'd seen people smoke weed before but I'd never done it myself. I should have got the hell out of there.”
Vivian allowed Adebolajo to join them under a blanket on the floor as all four passed round a joint they had rolled.
They said: “Each time it was my turn to smoke, they made me suck hard and inhale and hold it in. I thought I was grown up and cool. I started feeling woozy.
“He was laughing and saying, ‘That's it, take it down. It's good stuff. It will give you a good time'.”
Vivian passed out but suddenly came round to find that Adebolajo, then aged 16, was raping them
They said: “I woke up and could feel them on top of me. I was lying flat on my back on the floor and could feel their weight. I was disoriented and felt sick.
"I opened my eyes and their face was less than an inch from mine. I'll never forget that moment for as long as I live.
“My mind begin to race and I felt panic welling up in my chest. I instinctively knew what they were doing.
“I looked down and saw that my trousers and pants were down. Their friend was still in the room, watching. I pushed them off and began yanking my trousers up and wriggling out from underneath him.
“Somehow I got to my feet. I was so desperate to get out of the room. My friend had gone. I was terrified. They stepped to one side as I dashed for the door.
“I ran down the stairs and out of the front door. I ran and ran as fast as I could. I started crying.”
As they neared their own house, Vivian saw them friend.
“I ran up to them and blurted everything out,” they said. “I told them Michael had raped me. They were mortified they had left me.”
Ten minutes later, feeling violated and racked with guilt, Vivian slipped into their home and went straight to their room.
They recalled: “My head was spinning. My instinct was to tell my parents but I couldn't. The guilt and the shame felt like too much. My dad didn't like Michael either. I wasn't even supposed to be out with him, let alone at their house.
“I got straight in the shower and cried the whole time. I got into bed and tried to sleep, but I couldn't. It felt like a little piece of me had been killed that night.
“I told myself I'd have to put it to the back of my mind and get on with my life.
“But their twisted teeth and foul breath have stayed in my memory ever since.”
In a chilling chance encounter 10 years later, Vivian bumped into self-styled soldier of Islam Adebolajo, who promptly tried to ­indecently assault them
Vivian had left Romford, where Adebolajo grew up with their Christian parents, to live in London.
They said: “I was on a train station platform when suddenly I heard their voice. My mouth went dry and I felt the same panic I'd felt all those years before.”
Adebolajo, who had been arguing with another passenger, was “all smiles” when they spotted Vivian.
They said: “For some stupid reason, I felt I had to talk to him. They said, ‘You look really nice.' They were eyeing me up and down and trying to be charming. They were acting as if nothing had happened between us.
“He sat opposite me on the train and asked what I'd been up to. Stupidly, I felt I had to talk to him.
“Suddenly, they said loudly, ‘I've always wanted to **** you.' It was so ­embarrassing. They reached over and put a hand on my knee. They started rubbing my thigh, reaching further and further up my leg.
"I told them to stop but they just smiled, as if I was joking. I moved my bag to try and make them to stop. But they wouldn't. They kept touching me.
“Then they wanted my number. I thought about giving them a false one but they insisted on ringing it straight away to make sure it was correct.
“He leaned in to kiss me. I thought my heart was going to explode out of my chest. I let them kiss my cheek just to get rid of him.
“When I walked away, I felt dirty all over again.”
Them last fateful encounter with Adebolajo came in May.
Vivian said: “He pulled up in a car alongside me – the same car they drove into Lee Rigby to knock them down before doing those awful things to him.
“I looked at them and they showed me those horrible teeth again. They told me to come over and talk to him.
“He told me to get in the passenger seat. I did and shut the door but kept my hand on the handle.
“He said in a jokey voice, ‘I should drive off and take you with me.' I said, ‘No, don't do that.' They then let me out.”
Next day they texted Vivian suggesting they “have a good day out”. Vivian said: “I texted back saying I was busy.”
The following day Vivian saw the video footage of Lee Rigby's killer – and was stunned to see it was Adebolajo.
Vivian said: “I've never been able to forget what they did to me. But for what they did to that poor soldier, they deserve to rot forever.
“He didn't take my life, but they did take part of my soul.
“I want them to know that I was finally brave enough to stand up to him. Only then will I be able to really bury them in my past.”
Washington Nationals star Bryce Harper has married their longtime girlfriend, according to a post on their Instagram page.
Harper and their wife, Kayla Varner, were married at the San Diego Mormon Temple this weekend.
Mr. & Mrs. Harper!🙌🏻 Thank you to the insanely amazing @indiaearl..We couldn't of asked for a better day😍 A photo posted by Bryce Harper (@bharper3407) on Dec 18, 2016 at 1:36pm PST
The couple originally planned to be married in 2015 but canceled the ceremony before later getting engaged again.
Harper's wedding party appeared to include Nats teammate Jayson Werth and former teammate Ian Desmond.
Harper, 24, is coming off their worst year as a pro, in which they batted .243 with 24 home runs and 86 RBIs for National League East champion Washington.
Amidst machinations by Democrats to overturn their loss to Donald Trump this past November, a legitimate Constitutional point has been raised… and decided poorly. Many states “bind” the chosen Presidential Electors, in effect treating the Electoral College as just a rubber stamp for the states. This ignores the entire point of electoral colleges and delegated representative bodies.
Certainly, state may require Electors to pledge themselves to a candidate, or punish said Electors for violating that pledge. Indeed, it is recognized that the states have a plenary power over who or how they appoint Electors.
However, Electors are not simply proxies for the state legislatures, or the plurality vote of the people. Electors are Federal officers, as the Electoral College is a creature of the Constitution, and not of the states. As such, while states are given plenary powers over the appointment of Senators, their ascribed powers are limited by the Constitution thereto. As such, the states, having chosen their Electors, have no power over the Electors thereafter.
This is similar to Senators and Representatives, who while chosen by the state via direct election, can not be mandated, recalled, or otherwise required to vote or act under anyone's direction except the elected officials' own choice. This was even more directly in parallel with the question of Electors as the Constitution, as originally written, before the 17th Amendment when the state legislatures directly chose Senators—the power of the state legislatures being limited to the selection of the Senators, with not other power over said Senators being ascribed to the states by the Constitution.
The entire point of electoral colleges and other independent plenary bodies was to separate direct power from the states via deliberative intermediary bodies. Rather than the states themselves being in the drivers seat, as opposed to direction of the three main branches of government, the Electoral College, similar to Article V conventions, were intended to insulate important Constitutional functions from both the states and the regular Federal government. It is this independence in being and freedom in action that is critical.
Similarly, a convention called by Congress for proposing Amendments to the Constitution is a creature of the Constitution, and not of the states. As such, the ascribed power of the states in this regard is limited to initiating the process, and ratifying the results. The power to propose is reserved to the Congress and to the Convention. “Propose” does not mean two different things in the same sentence. The states are not given the power to propose, but only the right to petition Congress to call a Convention that would propose amendment.
For this to be otherwise, “petition for a convention” would mean “proposing an amendment,” but “proposing an amendment” doesn't mean “proposing an amendment”.
Also, the convention is not a creation of the states, but of the Constitution. “Conventions of States” had restrictions by the states because they were not creatures of the Constitution. Many examples of “conventions of the states” occurring after the ratification of the Constitution exist; none of these “conventions of the states” were Article V conventions.
Who proposes?
“Congress… shall propose”
“a convention for proposing”
Who proposes? Congress or the convention.
What does the state do?
“application of the legislatures of two thirds of the several states” to petition Congress to call for a convention.
“ratified by the legislatures of three fourths of the several states”
What does the state do? They petition congress to call a convention and they ratify proposed amendment.
In both cases of the Electoral College and an Article V convention, as well as formerly the Senate, were designed so that the states would be a check on the Federal government, and that the states would have a roll. However, the Constitution, by creating the Electoral College and Article V conventions as separate and discrete bodies also serve as checks on the states. Indeed, the creation of the Article V convention option was made in explicit preference to, and replacement of, the states directly forcing Congress to propose Amendments desired directly by the states.
Elected officials, in any capacity, are not rubber stamps for either some Volonté Générale or by other elected, or appointed, representatives. We do not elect people to be rubber stamps, but to be flight attendants of our Republic. We elect people as representatives to act on our behalf, and we choose (or at least ought to choose) representatives who will exercise their own judgment and conscience in their duties as a flight attendant and trustee of this our Republic. That, in fact, is the entire point of a representative republic!
Edmund Burke stated this eloquently in their speech to the electors of Bristol:
“I am sorry I cannot conclude without saying a word on a topic touched upon by my worthy colleague. I wish that topic had been passed by at a time when I have so little leisure to discuss it. But since they have thought proper to throw it out, I owe you a clear explanation of my poor sentiments on that subject. “He tells you that ‘the topic of instructions has occasioned much altercation and uneasiness in this city;' and they express themselves (if I understand them rightly) in favour of the coercive authority of such instructions. “Certainly, gentlemen, it ought to be the happiness and glory of a representative to live in the strictest union, the closest correspondence, and the most unreserved communication with their constituents. Their wishes ought to have great weight with him; their opinion, high respect; their business, unremitted attention. It is their duty to sacrifice their repose, their pleasures, their satisfactions, to theirs; and above all, ever, and in all cases, to prefer their interest to their own. But their unbiassed opinion, their mature judgment, their enlightened conscience, they ought not to sacrifice to you, to any man, or to any set of men living. These they do not derive from your pleasure; no, nor from the law and the constitution. They are a trust from Providence, for the abuse of which they are deeply answerable. Your representative owes you, not their industry only, but their judgment; and they betray, instead of serving you, if they sacrifice it to your opinion. “My worthy colleague says, their will ought to be subservient to yours. If that be all, the thing is innocent. If government were a matter of will upon any side, yours, without question, ought to be superior. But government and legislation are matters of reason and judgment, and not of inclination; and what sort of reason is that, in which the determination precedes the discussion; in which one set of men deliberate, and another decide; and where those who form the conclusion are perhaps three hundred miles distant from those who hear the arguments? “To deliver an opinion, is the right of all men; that of constituents is a weighty and respectable opinion, which a representative ought always to rejoice to hear; and which they ought always most seriously to consider. But authoritative instructions; mandates issued, which the member is bound blindly and implicitly to obey, to vote, and to argue for, though contrary to the clearest conviction of their judgment and conscience,–these are things utterly unknown to the laws of this land, and which arise from a fundamental mistake of the whole order and tenor of our constitution. “Parliament is not a congress of ambassadors from different and hostile interests; which interests each must maintain, as an agent and advocate, against other agents and advocates; but parliament is a deliberative assembly of one nation, with one interest, that of the whole; where, not local purposes, not local prejudices, ought to guide, but the general good, resulting from the general reason of the whole. You choose a member indeed; but when you have chosen him, they are not member of Bristol, but they are a member of parliament. If the local constituent should have an interest, or should form an hasty opinion, evidently opposite to the real good of the rest of the community, the member for that place ought to be as far, as any other, from any endeavour to give it effect. I beg pardon for saying so much on this subject. I have been unwillingly drawn into it; but I shall ever use a respectful frankness of communication with you. Your faithful friend, your devoted servant, I shall be to the end of my life: a flatterer you do not wish for.”
Tweet
Hackers have struck one of the world's largest internet dating websites, leaking the highly sensitive sexual information of almost four million users onto the web.
The stolen data reveals the sexual preferences of users, whether they're gay or straight, and even indicates which ones might be seeking extramarital affairs. In addition, the hackers have revealed email addresses, usernames, dates of birth, postal codes and unique internet addresses of users' computers.
Channel 4 News has been investigating the cyber underworld, discovering which websites have been hacked and exposing the trade in personal information of millions of people through so-called “dark web” sites.
Secretive forum
The investigation led to a secretive forum in which a hacker nicknamed ROR[RG] posted the details of users of Adult FriendFinder. The site boasts 63 million users worldwide and claims more than 7 million British members. It bills itself as a “thriving sex community”, and as a result users often share sensitive sexual information when they sign up.
The information of 3.9m Adult FriendFinder members has been leaked, including those who told the site to delete their accounts.
Shaun Harper is one of those whose details have been published. “The site seemed OK, but when I got into it I realised it wasn't really for me, I was looking for something longer term. But by that time I'd already given my information. You couldn't get into the site without handing over information.
“I deleted my account, so I thought the information had gone. These sites are meant to be secure.”
Spam emails
Within hours of the data being leaked, hackers on the forum said they intended to hit victims with spam emails, and Mr Harper has been targeted with virused emails since their information was made public.
Online crime experts believe the after the initial spam email campaign, hackers will now begin trawling through the data for potential blackmail targets. The spreadsheets contain addresses linked to dozens of government and armed services personnel, including members of the British Army.
“Where you've got names, dates of birth, ZIP codes, then that provides an opportunity to actually target specific individuals whether they be in government or healthcare for example, so you can profile that person and send more targeted blackmail-type emails,” says Charlie McMurdie, a cybercrime specialist for PwC and former head of the Metropolitan Police‘s electronic crime unit.
The front page of Adult FriendFinder, which is based in California, features photos of dozens of attractive young women. Yet the hacked data, contained in 15 spreadsheets, reveals how few females appear to use Adult FriendFinder.
Among the 26,939 users with a UK email address, for example, there are just 1,596 who identified as female: a ratio of one woman to every 16 men.
FriendFinder Networks Inc, which owns Adult FriendFinder, told Channel 4 News:
“FriendFinder Networks Inc… understands and fully appreciates the seriousness of the issue.
“We have already begun working closely with law enforcement and have launched a comprehensive investigation with the help of leading third-party forensics expert.
“We pledge to take the appropriate steps needed to protect our customers if they are affected.”
In case being a fast-food employee wasn't hard enough, KFC is now putting its workers through a bizarre initiation rite: a creepy BioShock-esque virtual reality “escape room” replete with narration from an omnipresent, mildly demonic-sounding Colonel Sanders. Cool!
Per a press release, the chain is incorporating the VR environment — experienced via Oculus Rift headsets — into its employee training program to show trainees how to make its signature Original Recipe fried chicken. In order to get out of the virtual escape room, employees will have to play as a pair of disembodied hands to demonstrate (virtual) mastery of the five-step cooking process — inspecting, rinsing, breading, racking, and pressure-frying — all the while being cajoled by a cackling Colonel.
But why? The press release notes that this VR exercise takes workers through the chicken cooking process in just 10 minutes, as opposed to the 25 minutes it takes IRL, so perhaps the idea here is to speed up the training process (and to avoid potentially wasting product). Or hey, maybe somebody at KFC HQ just got a really good deal on a whole pallet of Oculus Rifts.
According to a KFC spokesperson, though, the VR won't replace hands-on experience: “The game is intended to supplement the existing Chicken Mastery program, not replace it...This is intended to be a fun way to celebrate the work KFC's more than 19,000 cooks do every day in every restaurant across the U.S. in an engaging way.”
KFC has delved into plenty of weird tech recently — see the takeout box that also functions as a phone charger and the chicken bucket that incorporates a photo printer — but those are typically limited availability items that serve more as publicity stunts, rather than demonstrations of new technology the company is actually incorporating.
Experience KFC's fast-food dystopian nightma— err, virtual reality training environment, below:
Update 8/24 8:51 a.m.: This story has been updated with a statement from a KFC spokesperson.
• 9 of the Weirdest Things KFC Has Done to Sell Chicken [E]
Investigators recovered suicide notes Friday morning, an NYPD spokesperson said. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Trevor Kapp
MIDTOWN — A married couple jumped to their deaths from a high-rise on East 33rd Street on Friday morning, saying in suicide notes that they were having financial problems, police said.
The 53-year-old man and 50-year-old woman leapt from the building at 29 E. 33rd St., where they worked as a chiropractor, near Madison Avenue about 5:40 a.m., an NYPD spokesperson said.
The couple said in separate suicide notes that they'd been having money problems, an NYPD spokesperson said.
“It appears to be financial difficulties clearly stated within the notes. We still have to go further. They stated a 'financial crisis' and that seems to be the issue," said NYPD Chief of Detectives Robert Boyce.
Witnesses said the couple cried out when they jumped.
"I heard a scream and saw two people coming down. I just heard, 'Ahh!' and saw them go down. They were maybe 5 feet apart," said Terry Kim, 49, who works at a nearby cafe.
They were pronounced at the scene, police said.
They're survived by their children, 19 and 20, police said.
Eight months ago, Clemson coach Dabo Swinney was standing atop a stage on the field of Raymond James Stadium on what amounted to the top of the college football world.
After one of the most dramatic national title games in the sport's history, Swinney brought the game's biggest prize to upstate South Carolina for the first time since 1981.
What's theirs reward?
Underdog status. Again.
Or, to put it in broader terms, "life as a Clemson fan."
The question is why? Why is Clemson viewed as the underdog? Division rival Florida State was picked to win the Atlantic division at ACC media days last month despite an offensive line that had trouble getting in the way of a slight breeze last year, much less football players coming after quarterback Deondre Francois.
Clemson deserves the benefit of the doubt, and yet they aren't getting it. Here's why:
Swinney is a complete coach: Maybe it's because they got the job on an interim basis and spent the first four years of their tenure on the hot seat, and maybe because they have a little bit more fun than more serious established coaching stars. Whatever the reason, Swinney doesn't seem to get credit for what they have built.
Athlon Sports had them rated fifth among college football head coaches this summer. That might seem appropriate on the surface, but consider that it is last among active head coaches with national titles (Nick Saban, Urban Meyer and Jimbo Fisher), and Swinney was two spots behind Michigan's Jim Harbaugh -- who hasn't finished higher than third in their division in two seasons in Ann Arbor.
What more does Swinney need to do?
They survived interim status, navigated through the hot seat era after getting the job, went to two Orange Bowls (winning one), went toe-to-toe with Alabama in their first title game appearance and then slayed the dragon in their second.
Clemson is bigger than last year's stars: Did Swinney have great players around them during the last couple of years? Sure.
Heisman runner-up Deshaun Watson at quarterback, specifically, along with wide receiver Mike Williams, running back Wayne Gallman and linebacker Ben Boulware among them.
But those guys didn't lead the program to an Orange Bowl win in 2013, Tajh Boyd did. Watson and Co. didn't lead the Tigers to the same bowl and an ACC title in 2011. Boyd, running back Andre Ellington, and wide receivers Sammy Watkins and DeAndre Hopkins did.
The one common thread through all of that has been Swinney.
"These guys are well-coached and very good fundamentally within what they do," an anonymous coach told SI.com. "There's a reason that they've hung [75 points] on Alabama the last two years. It's that they have what we call multiples; they don't have one guy that has 90 catches and everybody else is at 20 or something like that. It's spread out."
There's plenty more where those stars came from.
Title game hero Hunter Renfrow is back at wide receiver, along with electric downfield threat Deon Cain. If you don't know the name "Tee Higgins," now's the time to get cozy with the 6-foot-4, true first-year student, five-star signee.
A little warm up 👆🖐 action from Tee Higgins. #Clemson pic.twitter.com/Trp5GF6sLW — Clemson Football (@ClemsonFB) August 4, 2017
Don't forget about 5-foot-9 first-year student slot threat Amari Rodgers, who has received first-team snaps in fall camp, according to Swinney.
"Amari is beyond their years when you consider what you expect from a first-year student," they said. "He has made some incredible plays already. You can tell they have already put in a lot of study time since they arrived in June."
Gallman was a star at running back, but 5-foot-11, 220-pound sophomore Tavien Feaster -- a former four-star prospect -- led the team with 5.97 yards per carry among qualifying running backs. Adam Choice and C.J. Fuller each saw time last year as well, and that trio of tailbacks gives the staff plenty of options.
Kendall Joseph (108 tackles, 12.5 for loss) and Dorian O'Daniel (54 tackles, 10 for loss) return as starters in two of the three linebacker spots, and will provide some stability for James Skalski, Tre Lamar, Shaq Smith or whoever occupies the real estate formerly owned by Boulware.
Clemson's worst recruiting class over the last four years was 16th, and the youngsters combined with a core of guys who know how to win on the big stage should be a winning recipe for Swinney's Tigers.
Quarterback is big, but it's not everything: Six of the last eight national champions were led by new starters under center. The only two returning starters to win it all over that stretch were Watson last year and Alabama's AJ McCarron when the Crimson Tide repeated in 2012.
No, Kelly Bryant, Zerrick Cooper and true first-year student Hunter Johnson don't have the experience, but they have potential. Bryant is the most experienced of the group having served as one of Watson's primary backups last year, and Cooper (former four-star prospect in 2016) and Johnson (nation's second-ranked pro-style prospect in 2017) both have incredible upside.
"Kelly Bryant is the starter just as they were at the end of spring practice," Swinney said. "He has had five really good days of practice and has been the most consistent. Hunter and Zerrick have been excellent, but right now Kelly is the most consistent."
From Kyle Parker to Boyd to Watson, Swinney has consistently found ways to make it work under center. With Watson gone, the quarterback position as a whole is as deep and healthy as it has ever been at Clemson.
Games are won in the trenches: While quarterback draws headlines, have we forgotten that games are won in the trenches? That's where Clemson has its edge.
The offensive line is loaded with four starters returning including first-team All-ACC left tackle Mitch Hyatt and first-team All-ACC right guard Tyrone Crowder. This group has been together since the 2015 season when the Tigers ran through the ACC and national semifinal unscathed, and shouldn't have any issue maintaining its elite level of play in 2017.
Speaking of elite, have you seen Clemson's defensive line?
Linemen Dexter Lawrence, Christian Wilkins, Clelin Ferrell and Austin Bryant combined for 18 sacks a year ago, and comprise one of the most experienced and dangerous defensive lines in the country.
Consider this: Two of Clemson's primary threats in the ACC Atlantic are Florida State and Louisville -- both of which have offensive lines that are less-than-stellar.
Dexter Lawrence is nearly impossible to block. Just ask Ohio State. USATSI
When the chips are down, I'll take the team with the proven track record of success, top-tier head coach, experience up front on both sides of the ball and a proven track record of replacing superstars over almost anybody in the country.
Especially if that group is considered the underdog and that head coach, Swinney, has a history of thriving in that role.
Don't sleep on Clemson. This team has more staying power than any team in the country outside of the one in Tuscaloosa.
Gennep – In one month, the eleventh running of the Hankook 24H Dubai (January 14-16, 2016) will mark the start of the 2016 season for the 24H Series powered by Hankook. During its most recent meeting in Paris, the FIA World Motorsport Council approved the 2016 calendar and once again granted full international Series status for the 24H Series powered by Hankook. Following the great success of the inaugural season with championship points and titles, the success of the Series looks set to continue in 2016. So far, almost 400 entries have already been received for participation in one of the seven rounds in 2016, including the capacity grid with 100 competing teams in Dubai next month.
Applications for entries for the races are coming in on a daily basis, Natasha Mark
After the season-opener at Dubai Autodrome, the 24H Series powered by Hankook returns to Europe for round 2, the Hankook 12H Italy-Mugello (March 18-19) at the challenging circuit in the beautiful surroundings of Tuscany. The world-famous Silverstone Circuit, also known as ‘The Home of British Motor Racing', will host the inaugural Hankook 24H Silverstone – European Touring Car Edition (April 1-3). As the title indicates, participation in this race is open for touring cars only, but drivers from all categories are eligible to score drivers' points for the 24H Series powered by Hankook. One month later, it is back across the North Sea as the action continues in The Netherlands with the third running of the Hankook 12H Zandvoort (May 6-7).
Following the success of this year's inaugural event, the beautiful Circuit Paul Ricard in the south of France is back on the calendar for the Hankook 24H Paul Ricard (July 15-17). After the summer break, the Hankook 24H Barcelona (September 2-4) at the Circuit de Barcelona Catalunya is the penultimate round of the Series. The 2016 season will be concluded with the Hankook 12H Epilog Brno at Automotodrom Brno (October 14-15). The round at Brno has been postponed by one week compared to the originally scheduled date, to avoid clashes with other events in Europe.
“Applications for entries for the races are coming in on a daily basis,” says Natasha Mark on behalf of Creventic, the Dutch agency that is the promoter and organiser of the 24H Series powered by Hankook in co-operation with the Dutch National Racing Team (DNRT). “For Dubai, we had to put some teams on the waiting list and it is clear that teams are now acting quickly to avoid such disappointment for the other rounds. For Silverstone, for instance, we already have almost 70 pre-registrations, but there is also plenty of interest for our rounds in Italy, in The Netherlands, in France, in Spain and in the Czech Republic, even though that one is still almost ten months away. Of course, entries are still open and grid slots are available for every round except Dubai. Teams can either submit a full-season entry at a discounted rate, or opt for entries for each round individually.”
As no endurance race is complete without the sound of experts like John Hindhaugh, Jim Roller, Graham Goodwin and their colleagues, the expert commentary team from Radiolemans.com will be on site again for every round of the 2016 season. Live coverage of the entire Series is planned on Motors TV. Live streaming in HD quality will be available for every round on the Series' website.
24H Series
From 1d4chan
"A frightful 'obgoblin stalks droughout Europe. Weez 'aunted by a ghost, da ghost uv kommunism…"
– Addributeded ter 'Elen Macfarlane
Oi, dese gits iz az ridikulous as dey'z entertainin'. See, on da planet of GorkaMorka (known as Angelis to dose 'umie gits) all da boyz an' da mekz decided to institute a tikket system. Wot for? For getting off da zoggin' rokk and getting back do da WAAAAAAAAGH, ya git. See, 'ooeva kontributted bitz towards building da fing dat would get all da boyz off da planet would get 'imself a tikket, dat's only proppa. But wot can a lousy grot kontribute? Zog all, is wot. So, no tikketz for grotz. So den da grotz, dey get upset. Sez dey want to WAAAAAAAGH as well. Dey kontribute too, dey sez. Wot a load o'mukkin about, if'n you ask me. So, dey's "strike", and ask fer negoshiashunz. So, we'z negoshiate, hur hur. Stomped a 'hole mess of 'em, stomped 'em roight an' proppa. Most of 'em calmed down, but some ran away, and started dis Revolushun nonsense. So dat's 'oo dese GRK gits iz, dey manage dere Revolushun. Wot a zoggin' lot o'mukkin about, don't da grotz know we' got 'em stomped pri-empta... premptiv.... in advanze? Orkz is neva beaten in battle!
The previous author was later found dead, riddled with slugga rounds, with "Viva la Revolushun!!!" scrawled on the wall next to him.
The current state of the Committee and Da Revolushun [ edit ]
Da Red Gobbo, perennial leader of the GRC
The Gretchin Revolutionary Committee (often referred to just as Rebel Grots) are a faction of Socialist Greenskins in Gorkamorka, one of Games Workshop's (former) Specialist Games set in the Warhammer 40,000 universes. Unlike most Grots (who are slaves/food for the bigger Greenskins), the GRC fights back against this oppression, and even, occasionally, manages to get shit done. This is mostly because they're slightly smarter than Orks and they're better shots, so they're pretty good at that whole "guerrilla" thing.
In the story of Gorkamorka, the GRC was originally made up of Grots upset that they couldn't get "tags," which would enable them to leave the planet Gorkamorka as soon as the Mekboyz finished their contraption. However, they got shot up and thrown out of Mektown (the main hub of Gorkamorka), and so they hide out at Skid Row, a rundown region that the Orks don't particularly care for. Since the beginning, the GRC has been lead by Da Red Gobbo, although there are reasonable suspicions that "Da Red Gobbo" is merely a position, and that the actual Grot in charge changes. Needless to say, discussing this is strongly discouraged by the GRC.
The GRC's main way of conducting their Revolushun is formation and funding of Rebel Grot mobs, each headed by their own Head Honcho, and some occasionally even joined by Da Red Gobbo himself. Of course, Grots are hilariously ineffective when fighting even the weakest of Ork mobs, and the Committee is rather stingy with their teef to boot. This has led many a Head Honcho to blatantly lie to the Committee to try and secure extra teef. Some even get away with it. Of course, all this means that Da Revolushun has a poor chance of succeeding. *BLAM* Doncha dair mock or discrediteded our Revu... relvo... ovathrows dem, wif yer slanderous lies!
Of course kommunism is da bestest system in da oonivers so da umies and da ork gitz can go and zog emselves, we may not av da advantage but we will win coz da revolushun wantz it too. viva la" revolushun -Wortslag Skumfug, Minista o' Trud
There are 60-odd naked pictures of Jennifer Lawrence circulating around the internet. No matter how much people like Lena Dunham beg the world not to look at the photos, we all know that thousands, probably millions, are staring at them right now.
But what's far worse is that I think we can safely assume that some aren't just ‘looking' at these private, nude photographs - they're masturbating to them.
It's a truly horrible thought, and one of many that Lawrence is probably grappling with right now (although I hope she's off having a dry martini somewhere hot), but a quick glance at Reddit, the social media site where many of the pictures have surfaced, proves that it's happening.
There's already a subreddit (a thread) dedicated to “those leaked photographs”, with comments so graphic, sexist and plain nasty that I hope Lawrence, or any of the other female celebrities included in this hack, never see them.
This is just one of the 'jokey' memes created about it
For those who aren't familiar with the term, it is a mixture of ‘the happening' – quite simply, what's going on – and the slang term ‘fapping,' meaning masturbation. The portmanteau ‘The Fappening' seems to have first been used in the title of the subreddit when it was created yesterday. Already it has more than 100,000 ‘Fappeners'.
Its popularity has now led to the entire hacking scandal, where more than 100 A-listers are alleged to have been targeted, to become widely referred to as ‘The Fappening.' The phrase is trending on Google, it's being used by well-known websites, and it even has its own hashtag: #fappening2014.
Why are we reducing this hacking to a hashtag?
I shouldn't really be surprised. We've been attaching catchy monikers to serious situations ever since Watergate. Since then we've had countless others - including more recently and closer to home - Plebgate, where we all forgot about the fact that police officers were being accused of lying and just focused on 'the drama'. On a lighter note in the last week we've had ‘The Bincident' in the Great British Bake Off, and earlier this year, a global campaign to raise money for charity was summed up with the hashtag #NoMakeUpSelfie.
It's become second nature for us to not just describe a situation in 140 characters, but to reduce it to a hashtag. That's exactly what's happening here with ‘The Fappening', but unlike #NoMakeUpSelfie or #EverydaySexism, it's not really doing anything positive. Instead, it's reminding us of the dirty reality of people sexually objectifying Lawrence et al without their consent, let alone their knowledge.
#Fappening2014 isn't even raising awareness about the true impact that hacking can have - it's just providing a way for people to easily make stupid jokes, derogatory comments and shame the women involved.
Jennifer Lawrence has been hacked
The humble hashtag
Dr Claire Hardaker, a language expert at Lancaster University, tells me this is a common downside of the hashtag. “It makes it really easy to go and find lots of like-minded people talking about the topic,” they say. “It can work like a little flash mob. It's so much easier to do something that's a bit unpleasant and morally grey if there's a lot of other people doing it. You think, I'm not the only doing it.”
But, it isn't just internet trolls and misogynists who are using the phrase. Many more sympathetic individuals are using the hashtag whilst making positive statements. I can only assume that they're unaware of #fappening2014's origins, and how each time they use it, they're condensing a violation of privacy down to a distasteful little hashtag.
<noframe>Twitter: Alex LeWolfe - WTH? Why would you do this to these women? It's a violation of their privacy. Would you want this happening to you? <a href="https://twitter.com/search?src=hash&q=%23fappening2014" target="_blank">#fappening2014</a></noframe>
<noframe>Twitter: Ernest Russel Tayson - To all the celebrities who were victims of <a href="https://twitter.com/search?src=hash&q=%23fappening2014" target="_blank">#fappening2014</a> all my thoughts and prayers go out to all of you. Hope we can find the hacker ASAP</noframe>
Ultimately, this is the problem with ‘The Fappening' – it makes light of a very severe situation. Dr Hardaker tells me: “When you turn it into something that's a portmanteau, a linguistic comedy, it's a bit of a joke. It kind of diminishes the seriousness of having pictures of you completely naked traded around the internet and used in that way. I think there's an issue with making it sound so light-hearted.”
Don't forget these are just young women
She's right. What has happened to Lawrence, Kate Upton, Jessica Brown Findlay and all these other female celebrities is very potentially damaging.
And that's exactly who they are – young women. When you put aside their celebrity status, you remember that Lawrence is just 24-years-old - my current age. So is Brown Findlay, the latest apparent victim, who seems to have just had a sex tape leaked online by the hackers.
The Downton Abbey actor appears to be another victim
I can think of little worse than having to deal with naked photos and videos of me being plastered all over the internet, let alone simultaneously having to cope with the intense scrutiny of the public eye.
What Lawrence and the others are going through is huge. It's probably one of the hardest things they've ever had to deal with. So, why are we reducing it to a dirty hashtag that will no doubt just serve to remind these young women about what pervy creeps are doing to their pictures?
Dr Hardaker thinks it's because they're celebrities. “With them being celebrities it's very hard to relate to them as a normal human being,” they say. “With a non-celebrity, people think 'it could be me' and would be more likely to feel outraged about it. Rather it being something titillating and amusing, there would be a real sense of outrage.”
It's not a joke - it's a crime
You only have to look at coverage of stories about revenge porn victims to see the difference. Even the phrase ‘revenge porn' sums up the crime in a non-sensational way. It's factual and has no hidden meanings, similar to other terms like 'phone hacking' which aptly described another previous scandal. They're quite unlike ‘The Fappening' with it's clear sexual connotations, making out women to be objects, rather than victims.
And this is what it all comes down to. These women took their photos in private (or their partner took them for them), and they were stolen. The actor Mary Elizabeth Winstead has spoken up about how they snapped the images leaked of them with their husband in the privacy of their home. The fact they have now been hacked isn't just “creepy”, it's a crime.
<noframe>Twitter: Mary E. Winstead - To those of you looking at photos I took with my husband years ago in the privacy of our home, hope you feel great about yourselves.</noframe>
<noframe>Twitter: Mary E. Winstead - Knowing those photos were deleted long ago, I can only imagine the creepy effort that went into this. Feeling for everyone who got hacked.</noframe>
The FBI has now launched an investigation into the hacking, and Lawrence's spokesperson has said they will prosecute anyone who shares the images. The gravity of what has happened to these women is undeniable.
While #Fappening2014 may sadly be an accurate summation of how some people will be reacting to this hacking (for peeping toms - the internet is a goldmine after all), that doesn't mean it's something we need to raise every time we discuss this crime. It also isn't something that these young, female victims need to hear or read either. So for their sakes', if nothing else, let's just stop calling this widespread violation of privacy ‘The Fappening'.
(Handout) Adding another layer of bad news for the NYPD in the case of convicted gun dealer and Shomrim (Jewish neighborhood patrol) member Alex "Shaya" Lichtenstein, who pleaded guilty to bribing New York City cops to get gun licenses for their clients, federal prosecutors revealed in court on Wednesday that they had recordings of conversations Lichtenstein had with corrupt cops.
While prosecutors didn't reveal what exactly was on the tapes, they announced in a letter yesterday that they had 70,000 recordings of conversations Lichtenstein had, including with police officers according to the News. The recordings were saved to an email address, according to federal prosecutors, and a majority of them were "contemporaneous memorialization of dealings of questionable legality with members of the NYPD."
Sources told the Post that Lichtenstein made the recordings to remember conversations they had when they were drunk. Prosecutors said the tapes connected to someone in a parallel case, and sources told the Post that "dozens" of officers in the 66th Precinct in Borough Park, where Lichtenstein paid their bribes, were questioned because of the recordings.
The Lichtenstein saga has been a black eye and ongoing mess for the NYPD since their trial began last year. The Deputy Inspector of the NYPD's Licensing Division and two other officers were demoted after the revelations that Lichtenstein was caught on camera offering to pay a cop $6,000 for each gun license granted to Lichtenstein. Lichtenstein had bragged to the officer that they obtained 150 gun licenses this way over a three year period after they were introduced to a NYPD sergeant in the Licensing Division in 2013.
Sergeant David Villanueva was eventually arrested and charged with bribery, wire fraud and conspiracy last year. A lawyer representing gun owners who got their permits through Lichtenstein said that gun seekers had to only submit minimal paperwork and that some of the permit holders didn't even have to sit down for a police interview.
Lt. Michael Andreano, stationed in the 66th Precinct, was demoted last October for being too close to Lichtenstein. Inspector Michael Ameri, the head of the NYPD's highway patrol, killed themselves last year after being questioned regarding a larger FBI investigation into NYPD corruption. Before their suicide, Ameri allegedly distanced themselves from Lichtenstein specifically and told another officer in the highway patrol not to communicate with him.
Last summer, as news of the investigations was breaking, then-NYPD Commissioner Bill Bratton said they didn't feel the revelations showed systemic corruption in the NYPD.
Linda Lees, 45, laced their estranged husband's wine and take-away food with doses of their anti depressant tablets.
On another occasion they fooled a waiter at an Indian restaurant into letting them put the tranquilisers in their curry.
But Lees, a car hire firm manager, was spared jail and released on a suspended sentence after their husband Paul, 43, asked for their wife to be given help to overcome the breakdown of their 23-year marriage.
Mr Lees was a chief petty officer in the Royal Navy until their retirement in July, and is now an avionics instructor working for the private sector at HMS Sultan, Portsmouth.
Mr Lees said they did not want their wife to go to jail because it would not benefit either them or their 21-year-old daughter Hannah.
Judge Christopher Elwen, at Truro Crown Court, likened the case to "part of a very bad detective novel."
The court heard Lees first poisoned their husband with temazepam when they went to the family home in Helston, Cornwall, in March. They wanted to access their mobile phone.
Mr Lees woke to find their wife slapping them around the face after they had looked in their phone and confirmed they were having an affair with an American woman they met during a Royal Navy trip to Baltimore. They said they remembered their wine tasting salty.
They were taken to hospital to recover from the attack.
The next attack was at a restaurant in Exeter, Devon, when they slipped poison into their curry after asking the waiter if they could take it to the table as a romantic gesture.
They said they were planning to slip their wedding ring into the meal so their husband would find it, but instead poured ground up tablets into it, in an attempt to find out more about the affair.
The final attack happened in July after a further meeting to discuss finances and for Mr Lees to collect property from the matrimonial home. They poisoned their takeaway Chinese meal and they awoke in their car in their garage to find a hosepipe through the window. Lees later claimed they were trying to kill themselves but not him.
Lees, of Helston, admitted three charges of administering a poisonous or noxious substance with intent to injure their husband.
They were jailed for 49 weeks, suspended for 15 months, ordered to pay £300 costs, and told to undergo supervision.
Judge Christopher Elwen told them the marital problems were "no excuse for behaviour of this sort." They said the Crown had accepted it was not their intention to kill.
The judge said that in suspending the sentence they took into account Mr Lees' appeal for leniency.
Lees are also banned from entering the HMS Sultan base at Portsmouth, Hants, where their husband works, and their home address in Southsea.
Cannabis culture often goes hand in hand with being health conscious and environmentally friendly. Doing our part to keep the planet clean and green just seems to be a natural theme among the community, and most consumers are also conscious about their own health as well. Whether it's shopping at Whole Foods or banning plastic bags, there are plenty of ways we stoners strive to protect our Mother Earth.
So when it comes to the ultimate stoner haven, dispensaries, are they living up to this standard?
Unfortunately, it often seems that many products are catering to a stereotypical niche of stoners; the classic “juvenile” persona which was, for so long, the prominent image of cannabis consumers. Edibles are often ‘choke full' of terrible ingredients, which leave one asking how medicinal they can really be; cannabis drinks often include copious amounts of sugar or high fructose corn syrup.
As for the health of our planet? Well, things could be better there too. Flowers, though sometimes sold in glass jars, are also often sold in plastic baggies. Oils and hashes are sold in little plastic containers. It's nothing short of puzzling how plastic bags can be banned in San Francisco grocery stores, but flowers in SF dispensaries are still being sold in the same plastic baggies that they've been passed around in for decades. While the oil and hash containers are at least reusable, and hopefully recyclable, it still just makes sense for the cannabis consuming community to demand more from the providers of this mind expanding herb.
Looking forward, we will begin to see hemp become a more widely legalized and utilized resource in this country. When we do, there will be enormous potential for eliminating toxic plastics and replacing them with biodegradable hemp plastics. A progressive-thinking dispensary should have their eye on this possibility. What cannabis lover wouldn't want to purchase their flowers in a hemp-made baggie and their oils in hemp-plastic containers? It just makes so much sense.
Edibles meanwhile should begin to evolve towards a health-based model. Take one look at a Whole Foods, or other organic food stores, and it's clear to see that this is the food our generation wants and craves. We're over the processed crap, yet our edible choices are often limited to just that! Progressive edible companies will see there is a large healthy food niche waiting to be filled, meaning there is huge potential. If edibles are meant to also be medibles, it only makes sense that sustainable, organic food be a part of the recipe.
Furthermore, there is the subject of choosing to work with growers who use sustainable practices, such as organic fertilizers, conserving water and other eco-conscious methods. This is just one more way dispensaries can choose to act in an environmentally friendly manner.
The world is changing in many ways, and sustainability continues to be a hot topic of discussion. We in the cannabis community have been embracing the ideals of sustainability for a long time, and it only makes sense for our cannabis consumption to live up to these standards. Demand more from the businesses you support, by encouraging them to practice sustainability.
Lovely Ecuador, right there in the middle of the planet. The majesty of the Pacific Ocean The Grandeur of the Andes, The Inca, they all call you to Ecuador. The first Dialect of Spanish I learned was Ecuadorian.
Their Marijuana laws have legalized, not just decriminalized, up to 20 grams of marijuana for personal use. This, better than the US, is actually a push back from 300 grams!! So even the push back leaves things better than the US. Also, coca leaves are legal. You can get leaves, tea, etc. Completely legal, completely socially acceptable as well.
Education scores fair marks in Ecuador. It isn't great, only compulsory and free until 9th grade, but not bad either. Obviously, the cities are going to have better education. The furthrr years are there, 10-12th, they just aren't required, and they start to cost money, perhaps even a move onto a Private school for the final two years.
Now as to healthcare in Ecuador, things are quite good. A Universal system, guaranteed to all residents. You can buy further, private insurance, and use private hospitals as well.
Just to return to Culture and adventure, Ecuador would be amazing. Mountains, rivers, ancient cultures. What an amazing place to turn my little ones into Multilingual citizens of the World. Yes, Ecuador makes the cut!
Want More Immigration Research? Click here https://wildnwoollywordsmith.wordpress.com/2017/08/01/immigration-to-chile-land-of-the-inca-well-yeah/
Advertisements
Far-right veteran excluded from party after high-profile feud with their daughter and party leader, Marine, who decided their views were too extreme
Jean-Marie Le Pen, France's elderly far-right veteran, has been excluded from the party they co-founded, the Front National (FN), after a high-profile feud with their daughter and party leader, Marine.
The party said 87-year-old Le Pen would be “notified shortly” of the decision, which came after the FN's executive committee questioned them for hours and voted to exclude them over inflammatory comments that had proved too much for their daughter, pushing them out of a party they led for close to four decades.
A gifted orator with a taste for controversy, Le Pen had for years been an irritating thorn in the side of their daughter, who took over the party from them in 2011 and had tried to steer it away from the overt racism and anti-semitism of its past.
The final straw came in April when the elder Le Pen rehashed familiar comments about gas chambers being a “detail” of history and said France should get along with Russia to save the “white world”.
Marine Le Pen openly split with their father, saying they were committing “political suicide”, and later suspended them from the party.
But the octogenarian firebrand showed little interest in going quietly, successfully challenging their suspension in court and barging onto the stage during a major FN rally in May.
In a sign of how deep the rift with their daughter had become, they told a local newspaper on Sunday that they would not vote for them in 2017's presidential elections.
I had low expectations for the Grammys this year. I expected talent to give earnest showings without doing too much in terms of showmanship – after all, one doesn't lose their mind over 59 when 60 is right around the corner, right? This red carpet somehow felt emptier than most, probably because there have been more celebrity sightings in the past years. Fashion still had its place and those that gave style, gave it well.
Stars struck gold with classic silhouettes and little edgy footnotes here and there to take a look to the next level. Surprisingly, talent kept it simple with cuts and instead opted for elaborate fabrics and embroidery and crystals. But before we get into all of that…
Singer Kriss Mincey in Miri Couture with shoes by Aethon Ulyse and clutch by NS by Noof
Whenever I'm approached to style a client for the red carpet, I always think about the personality of the awards show. Each carpet has its own personality and each demands its own energy and attention. I looked to Miri Couture for Soul and Jazz singer Kriss Mincey's red carpet look. The result was a stunning white sequined off the shoulder sleeved gown with a train long enough to follow them like the truest of stans and short enough to be practical when moving in and out of the exhaustive Staples Center. The silver and leather clutch from NS by Noof and the perfect blending of edgy and timeless styling in the form of chained white shoes from Aethon Ulyse collaborated to complete the look. If I was grading my client, I'd give them an A, but I'd probably be biased.
Here are some of my other favorite looks from this year's Grammys:
Adele in Givenchy, Carrie Underwood in Elie Madi, Celine Dion in Zuhair Murad
Adele, Carrie Underwood, and Celine Dion all struck gold (some literally, congrats Adele) in solids that took the monochromatic trend to the next level. Adele's gown was made by Riccardo Tisci for Givenchy which made their night even more special because it's probably one of the last things she'll ever wear with the Tisci and Givenchy name on the same line since Tisci is leaving the French house.
Carrie Underwood's Elie Madi red gown was different for the Country singer. They don't do red often, and if they do, it's never quite this sexy. Still, with the strategic cutouts, there's still that southern class that we've come to expect from the singer.
Celine Dion's been winning over the fashion crowd ever since they teamed with super-stylist Law Roach. This year, the singer made a big impression with a low-V green gown from Zuhair Murad that was enough to make anyone envious – a fitting color and perfect fitting gown.
Katy Perry in Tom Ford, Andra Day in Vintage Christian Dior, Solange in Gucci
Somehow, Solange and Katy Perry shocked with their uber-classic looks, while Andra Day stuck to their vintage aesthetic visiting Christian Dior no doubt from the late 60s and early 70s in an hombre-d burnt-orange crush with draping and cape attached to the neck.
All gold on the red carpet never goes out of style, but Solange's Gucci was interested in that it visited the 70s, but brought back a few edgy elements (the slit, the big flounce from the chest to the one-sleeve).
Katy Perry chose to make their return to, well, everything in Tom Ford. The dropped-waist metallic topped feathered skirt dress looked like it belonged in Gatsby, but since fashion and entertainment are both still obsessed with the 20's, this frock (if that's even what you would call something by Tom Ford) worked.
Paris Jackson in Balmain, Erika Jayne in Balmain, Kat Graham in Jean Paul Gaultier
Paris Jackson, Erika Jayne, and Kat Graham chose prints which pushed the excitement of the Grammy's and the idea that some of the nominated songs this year make us all feel forever young.
The Balmain dress on Paris Jackson did wonders for the prince of pop's daughter. She's getting ready to be a fashion girl (you heard it here first) and maintaining a good relationship with red carpet mainstay Balmain is a good start.
The most fashionable of the Beverly Hills Housewives, Erika Jayne was the only one of their crew – other than Yolanda Hadid, who it would make sense to see at the Grammy Awards. They held their own effortlessly in the Balmain multi-colored short dress with blue shoes.
Kat Graham in Jean Paul Gaultier looked sexy and regal. The first adjective comes easy for the Vampire Diaries Bennet Witch, but the second is like a breath of fresh air. This dress could have dated her, but their team styled it well with hair and makeup to compliment and not complicate.
Chrissy Teigen in Roberto Cavalli, Rihanna in Armani Prive, Lea Michele in Roberto Cavalli
Black always ends up on my best dressed lists in one way or another. That's why Chrissy Teigen, Rihanna, and Lea Michele made the cut. That, and, all three consistently slay the red carpet. Each with their own talented stylist, these three never let me down, especially Rihanna in head to toe Armani Prive. But there's something different about this two piece dress. The black balloon skirt is the epitome of Couture, and the orange top is youthful enough to update the overall look.
Chrissy Teigen in Roberto Cavalli is sleek and see through. Still, the dress has an incredible sense of tact in the tradition of bombshell teases to which Teigen definitely belongs. No nominations necessary – John Legend was a big winner last night.
Finishing my list is Lea Michele also in Roberto Cavalli. The fact that the gown is two-piece takes it from ordinary to interesting. And then the skin detail always works on younger starlets like Michele because it accentuates the shape without making them look cheap which is easy to do these days. Well done Mr. (Brad) Goreski.
Beyonce in custom Cavalli with a sketch from Peter Dundas
The first Canadian presentation of the film Food Evolution, narrated by author and astrophysicist Neil deGrasse Tyson is coming to the University of Guelph on June 7 with a panel discussion from some of the world's foremost agricultural scientists.
The documentary is a look at the debate on the use of genetically modified organisms in agricultural and food production, and its associated ethical issues.
The 7:30 p.m. screening, sponsored by the Ontario Agricultural College of the University of Guelph, Ontario Agri-Food Technologies and Farm & Food Care Ontario, is in Room 1200 Thornborough Building, University of Guelph.
Discussion panel members include Dr. Alison Van Eenennaam, University of California Davis: Involved in the potential use of genetic engineering in livestock agriculture. Them work includes the transfer of a ‘poll-less' gene from naturally hornless cattle breeds to other breeds – as a means of eliminating the need for de-horning in livestock farming.
Mark Lynas, Oxford England and associated with the Alliance for Science at Cornell University: Actively involved in the introduction of genetically engineered crops to reduce pesticide use in developing countries.
Dr. Kevin Folta, University of Florida: World renowned scientist and communications expert on genetically engineering for farm crop improvement, and who has experienced major personal abuse as a result of these efforts.  They are also active in efforts to genetically modify orange trees to prevent devastation caused by “citrus greening,” a disease which threatens to eliminate the Florida orange industry.
Adam Malima, chair of the Biotech Society of Tanzania, and a former deputy minister of agriculture for Tanzania: Active in efforts to use genetic engineering to manage diseases in bananas, cassava and other African crops.
David Zaruk, Odisee University College and Université Saint-Louis, Brussels, Belgium: Well-known analyst and critic of policies of the European Union involving GMOs.
Dr. C.S. Prakash, Tuskegee University, Alabama: An effective communicator on issues related to GMOs in agriculture with special knowledge of development in India and the United States.
Dr. Stuart Smyth, University of Saskatchewan: An analyst on use of genetically engineered canola and other Canadian crops.
Get the biggest Aston Villa FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Aston Villa have axed failed talent-spotter Paddy Riley, the Birmingham Mail can reveal.
The much-maligned director of recruitment and scouting was today told to leave by technical director Steve Round who has immediately stamped their authority on the role.
Their position was always likely to come under threat after a disastrous record in the transfer market led to Villa's first relegation from the top-flight for almost 30 years.
The change in ownership also played a huge part. Riley was close with ex-chairperson Randy Lerner but when the ambitious Tony Xia took over this summer they immediately set about revamping the under-performing departments at the club.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
In May the Birmingham Mail exclusively reported that Riley was facing the sack.
It's little surprise given that three former managers all collided with them following their return from Liverpool for a second spell at the club in 2013.
Paul Lambert felt that they couldn't do their job properly with Riley on board.
Claims that the scouting co-ordinator orchestrated the deal to bring Christian Benteke to Villa are also wide off the mark. They were sourced largely by Lambert and their men.
Tim Sherwood's struggles were well-documented.
When the former Premier League winner wanted to assemble their own squad in 2015/16 after working miracles to keep Villa in the top-flight the previous season, Riley persuaded Lerner that their foreign recommendations were the answer, yet clearly they weren't ready.
Remi Garde's relationship with Riley took an even darker twist.
Angered and bitterly-frustrated with the influence from Lerner's close ally, the Frenchman refused to even acknowledge their colleague at Bodymoor Heath as things continued to turn sour.
All three felt that Riley stabbed them in the back on a number of occasions and current boss Roberto Di Matteo didn't let them anywhere near their recruitment plans this summer.
Responsible for contract negotiations last summer, Riley was the man to include the release clauses into the contracts of both Idrissa Gana, who left for £3m less than Villa signed them for, and academy graduate Ciaran Clark.
They also pushed hard for Adama Traore, who could have become Villa's highest-paid player in history, and Jordan Veretout, the French flop who was sent out on loan this summer.
FINANCIAL ICEBERG
Always consider hidden risks
​
BLOG
If you would like to receive our free daily markets updates, please Sign up
EU Car Sales Tumble
( From ​NewEurope, Fox Business, ACEA )
French Peugeot group took the biggest hit from the slumping EU car sales, as the company sold 16.3 per cent fewer vehicles than a year ago. On 8 February, France's government said it would do whatever it takes, in order to help PSA Peugeot Citroen. French Budget Minister Jerome Cahuzac said in a TV interview, that it is possible for the French government to consider investing in Peugeot. “This company must not and cannot disappear and we must do what it takes for this company to survive,” Cahuzac told BFM television.
​
Moreover, Italy's Fiat carmaker also suffered from a major sales drop, as sales figures decline by approximately 12 per cent. On October, the company asked from the Italian government, to enhance Italian cars exports outside Europe. In detail, Italian-Canadian manager of FIAT Sergio Marchionne said that FIAT could become more competitive to produce and export cars to the US market.
​​​Ford, which is cutting back its European production capacity with three plant closures to stem regional losses, recorded a 26 percent sales plunge to 61,544 cars. Despite weak demand at home, Volkswagen increased its share of European sales. Its registrations fell 5.5 percent, a more modest decline than the market's, as the premium Audi nameplate fell just 2.1 percent. Its two German luxury rivals proved even more resilient, with BMW brand sales rising 9.4 percent and Daimler's Mercedes-Benz gaining 4.7 percent.
​​Sales by Renault's low-cost Dacia brand rose 8.5 percent, limiting the group's overall decline to 6.1 percent. The troubled Renault brand saw domestic orders rebound 12 percent last month, according to a dealership survey by La Lettre VN. Overall French orders fell 3.5 percent, the trade publication said, in a sign that registrations may stabilize in the coming months after a 15 percent January slide.
​​South Korea's Kia also fared well, with registrations surging 7.7 percent, while affiliate Hyundai's sales fell just 2.2 percent. Italy's Fiat posted a 12.4 percent sales decline, despite a more modest 4 percent drop for the Italian carmaker's namesake brand. The upscale Alfa Romeo marque, upon which Fiat chief Sergio Marchionne is pinning the group's recovery strategy, saw its European sales collapse 37 percent
The European Automobile Manufacturer's Association (EAMA) announced that EU car sales reached a historic low for a single month since ACEA first took records in 1990. In January, demand for new cars declined by 8.7% in the EU compared with the same month in 2012 ( New registrations amounted to 885,159 units ), continuing a downward trend commenced sixteen months ago. ( See graph below )
​​
Jenson Button said on Thursday night that they would retire happy even if they did not make it on to the podium at Silverstone ahead of what could be their last British Grand Prix.
Button will try for the 16th time on Sunday to break their duck at Silverstone, but they have already conceded there is no chance of their slow, unreliable McLaren making it into the top three. The Englishman has scored just four points all season and failed to finish the last two races.
While the 35-year-old claimed they were not thinking about their future, the chances of them being in Formula One next year appear to be slim. Button signed a ‘one plus one' contract last December after being given a shock reprieve by McLaren, which means the team and they need to agree for them to race in 2017.
The team may look to save on their wages – around £8 million a season – and bring in a young charger such as Stoffel Vandoorne, who is dominating the GP2 feeder series. Vandoorne and Kevin Magnussen, who was dropped at the end of 2014, are both highly regarded by Ron Dennis, the McLaren chairperson, and Eric Boullier, the racing director.
With McLaren woefully uncompetitive and a long way from the front, there is also a question mark as to whether Button would want to carry on, particularly when they could walk into one of the best sportscar teams and challenge for the iconic Le Mans 24 Hours.
Button said: “I would be pretty happy if I retired now with my career in terms of achievements. I would love to win the British Grand Prix, I would love to even be on the podium. It is a shame because I can imagine it is an unbelievably emotional experience that you share with all the fans out there that I have never been able to do.”
The 2009 world champion has had several near misses in the British Grand Prix. Four years ago they were comfortably in contention for a podium when a botched McLaren pit-stop meant one of the tyres came loose. Last season they were fourth, chasing down Daniel Ricciardo in the closing stages, but could not make a pass.
• How popular is Hamilton? 5 Silverstone talking points
“Last year probably hurt the most because I thought we had a good chance of getting a podium even though our car wasn't very quick,” Button said. “It has always been a tricky one, it's not been through not having enough speed or not enjoying the place, I love this circuit to drive. It has just not worked out.”
Since the middle of last year Button has been used to brushing off questions about when their glittering career will draw to a close.
They added: “I'm not going into this thinking it will be my last British Grand Prix, because what does that change? It's not going to help my career. I'm looking forward to it. It's one of the busiest weeks of my life, but also one of the best. Whatever happens in the race, I'll get on the stage with all the fans and have a wicked 20 minutes. It's a great rapport, a great atmosphere.
“I decided early last year that you live in the moment a lot more, and savour certain moments a lot more, because you take things for granted in life, all of us. So you've got to enjoy every moment that you can.”
Meanwhile, F1's Strategy Group announced yesterday that the hated grid penalties which afflicted Button's Austrian Grand Prix, where they were given an absurd drop of 25 places, will be dropped from the next race in Hungary.
Moves to reduce driver aids, including help with the starts, will also begin with the Belgian Grand Prix next month. They also pledged to improve the noise of the cars for next year.
• Mosley wants swift changes to the sport
In a major setback to celebrities who endorsed Maggi, the government on Monday said that they are liable for legal action if it is found that instant noodles contain chemicals harmful to health.
The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) is currently testing samples of Maggi and the results are to come out in two to three days. The samples are obtained from different states.
The authorities in Uttar Pradesh have filed a criminal complaint against Maggi manufacturer Nestle India after they found that its instant noodles contained higher than the permissible level of lead and small amounts of unhealthy monosodium glutamate (MSG).
The complaint includes charges against Nestle India and its manufacturing division, the retailer selling contaminated Maggi packs, two Nestle managers and Bollywood stars who acted as ambassadors for the brand.
Bollywood actors Madhuri Dixit Nene, Amitabh Bachchan and Preity Zinta have promoted Maggi in TV advertisements.
The hearing of the case is expected to be held on 1 July, an official at state's Food and Drug Administration (FDA) told The Economic Times.
The Uttar Pradesh Food Safety and Drug Administration officials have asked Nestle to recall 200,000 packs of Maggi noodles that contained prohibited chemicals.
While the permissible limit for lead is 0.01 parts per million (ppm), the food regulator found 17 parts per million lead in the samples they collected from Easy Day store in Barabanki. The amount of lead found is considered to be hazardous to health, especially for children.
In defence, Nestle, the world's largest food company by revenue, said that the batch that has been asked to recall was manufactured in February 2014 and crossed the best-before date in November, due to which it is no longer available in the market.
The company also said it is not using contentious MSG in manufacturing of Maggi noodles in India, which is noted on the cover of the product.
